




Jeff Sagansky   | Variety












































 












































































































  



















Variety
Editions:
		

U.S
Global
Asia






Subscribe Today!

 


Navigation Menu




|

My Account
Sign In









Subscribe












 















HomeDataExecutive Profiles 







Jeff Sagansky
Co-Chairman: Allumination Filmworks, LLC, Electric Farm Entertainment, Winchester Capital Partners, Hemisphere Tentpole Co-Financing Fund 

Update Info







											Click here to view Jeff Sagansky's full profile including phone, email, credits and more.										




Want to see projects Jeff Sagansky is developing? Visit Variety Insight .




										Latest Headlines: Jeff Sagansky									








Jeff Sagansky, Harry Sloan Launching Double Eagle Acquisition Corp.


									By Dave McNary

Veteran Hollywood executives Jeff Sagansky and Harry Sloan are launching Double Eagle Acquisition Corp. with a $500 million initial public offering. It’s the third such acquisition vehicle that the…







Harry Sloan-Backed Videocon D2H Rethinks Indian IPO Plans


									By Patrick Frater

Indian pay-TV player raised $350 million last week with NASDAQ launch.







Harry Sloan, Jeff Sagansky Complete $273 Million Deal for Indian Pay-TV Service


									By Dave McNary

Veteran Hollywood executives Harry Sloan and Jeff Sagansky have closed a deal for Indian pay-TV service provider Videocon d2h to complete its initial listing on the Nasdaq Global Select Market. The…







Harry Sloan, Jeff Sagansky Make $303 Million Investment in Indian Pay-TV Service


									By Dave McNary

Veteran Hollywood executives Harry Sloan and Jeff Sagansky are investing at least $303.7 million to acquire 33.5% of Videocon d2h, a pay-TV service in India that provides direct-to-home broadcasts…







Harry Sloan, Jeff Sagansky Powering Up In-flight Entertainment Business


									By Dave McNary

Veteran show business execs Harry Sloan and Jeff Sagansky (pictured above) have bulked up their Global Eagle in-flight entertainment operations via a $36 million cash acquisition of Travel…







Harry Sloan, Jeff Sagansky raise $325 million in Silver Eagle IPO


									By Dave McNary

Veteran show business execs Harry Sloan and Jeff Sagansky have raised $325 million via an initial public offering in Silver Eagle Acquisition Corp. — $75 million more than initially planned. The duo…







Harry Sloan, Jeff Sagansky Launching Silver Eagle IPO


									By Dave McNary

Veteran show business execs Harry Sloan and Jeff Sagansky are launching Silver Eagle Acquisition Corp. with plans to raise $250 million through an initial public offering. The duo, who tapped the…







Lack of Seatback Screens Not Stopping Airlines from Offering Inflight Entertainment


									By Marc Graser

No seatback screens? No problem. Dish Network has inked a unique deal with Southwest Airlines that will get the satellite TV service provider's channels in front of the airline's passengers for free…







Harry Sloan, Jeff Sagansky Powering Up Inflight Business


									By Dave McNary

Global Eagle Entertainment, founded last year by longtime showbiz execs Harry Sloan and Jeff Sagansky, has launched a partnership with Southwest Airlines to provide technology for the carrier’s new…







Box Office: ‘Man of Steel’ Opens Fresh With Nearly $50 million Friday


									By Variety Staff

Superman has officially taken flight at the U.S. box office.







Sagansky Delivers Declaration for TV Independents at IFTA


									By Brian Lowry

TV's appetite for scripted product has the potential to yield "a golden age of independent television," former CBS Entertainment chief Jeff Sagansky told attendees at the Independent Film…

12 



















Related Allumination Filmworks, LLC Profiles

Adam Singer (II)


Manager, Acquisitions
Allumination Filmworks, LLC

























ad























































































































































































Jeffrey Sagansky, Winchester Capital Management LLC: Profile & Biography - Bloomberg


































































  







































Feedback





Jeffrey "Jeff" Sagansky

Chairman/Co-Founder,
Winchester Capital Management LLC






Career History




President/CEO
Double Eagle Acquisition Corp, 8/2015-PRESENT


Co-Founder
Silver Eagle Acquisition Corp, 3/2015-PRESENT


Co-Founder
Global Eagle Acquisition Corp, 2/2013-PRESENT


Chairman/Co-Founder
Hemisphere Media Capital, 2011-PRESENT


Chairman/Co-Founder
Winchester Capital Management LLC, 2009-PRESENT


Chairman
Hemisphere Film Capital, 2008-PRESENT


Chairman
Allumination Home Entertainmnt, 4/2005-PRESENT


Chairman
People's Choice TV Corp, 1/2005-PRESENT


President
Tri-Star Entertainment, PRESENT


Chairman
View2gether.Com, PRESENT


Chairman/Co-Founder
Hemisphere Capital Management, PRESENT


President/Co-Founder
Silver Eagle Acquisition Corp, 4/2013-3/2015


President/Co-Founder
Global Eagle Acquisition Corp, 2/2011-1/2013


Chairman
Elm Tree Partners, 1/2007-12/2011


Co-Chairman
Peace Arch Entertainment Group Inc, 7/2008-2/2009


Co-Chairman/Interim CEO
Peace Arch Entertainment Group Inc, 11/2007-7/2008


Co-Chairman
Peace Arch Entertainment Group Inc, 9/2007-11/2007


Vice Chairman
Paxson Communications Corp, 12/2002-8/2003


President/CEO
Paxson Communications Corp, 5/1998-12/2002


Co-President
Sony Pictures Entertainment Inc, 1996-1998


Consultant
Paxson Communications Corp, 2/1998-5/1998


Executive Vice President
Sony Corp of America, 9/1994-1/1996


President:Entertainment
CBS Entertainment, 1990-1994


President
Tri-Star Pictures Inc, 1989-1990


President:Production
Tri-Star Pictures Inc, 1985-1989


Show More







Corporate Information
Address:



Phone:
-


Fax:
-











From The Web












Personal Information



Education



Harvard Business School
MBA


Harvard College
Bachelor's Degree








Memberships



Board Memberships




View2gether.Com


Chairman, PRESENT




Hemisphere Capital Management


Chairman, PRESENT




Starz Entertainment LLC


Board Member, PRESENT




Goeuro


Board Member, PRESENT




Scripps Networks Inc


Board Member, PRESENT




Videocon D2h Ltd


Board Member, 5/2016-PRESENT




Double Eagle Acquisition Corp


Board Member, 6/2015-PRESENT




Global Eagle Entertainment Inc


Board Member, 2/2013-PRESENT




Hemisphere Media Capital


Chairman, 2011-PRESENT




Winchester Capital Management LLC


Chairman, 2009-PRESENT




Hemisphere Film Capital


Chairman, 2008-PRESENT




Scripps Networks Interactive Inc


Board Member, 7/2008-PRESENT




Allumination Home Entertainmnt


Chairman, 4/2005-PRESENT




People's Choice TV Corp


Chairman, 1/2005-PRESENT




Starz


Board Member, 6/2013-12/2016




Starz - Liberty Capital


Board Member, 1/2013-6/2013




Global Eagle Acquisition Corp


Board Member, 1/2013-2/2013




Liberty Media Corp


Board Member, 1/2013-1/2013




Elm Tree Partners


Chairman, 1/2007-12/2011




Rhi Entertainment Inc


Chairman, 2/2009-4/2011




Peace Arch Entertainment Group Inc


Co-Chairman, 9/2007-2/2009




EW Scripps Co


Board Member, 8/2003-7/2008




Lionsgate Entertainment Corp


Board Member, 5/2003-3/2004




Paxson Communications Corp


Vice Chairman, 12/2002-8/2003




Paxson Communications Corp


Board Member, 1998-12/2002




American Media Inc


Board Member, FORMER



Show More








Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data










































Jeff Sagansky - IMDb












































































 
    










 
IMDb




More





All
Titles
TV Episodes
Names
Companies
Keywords
Characters
Quotes
Bios
Plots










Movies,
                TV
                & Showtimes




MOVIES

In Theaters
Showtimes & Tickets
Latest Trailers
Coming Soon
Release Calendar
Top Rated Movies
Top Rated Indian Movies
Most Popular Movies

CHARTS & TRENDS

Box Office
Oscar Winners
Most Popular by Genre



TV & VIDEO

IMDb TV
On Tonight
Top Rated TV Shows
Most Popular TV Shows
Watch Now on Amazon
DVD & Blu-Ray

SPECIAL FEATURES

Amazon Originals
Streaming
Comic-Con
IMDb Picks
Superheroes







Celebs,
                Events
                & Photos




CELEBS

Born Today
Celebrity News
Most Popular Celebs

PHOTOS

Latest Stills
Latest Posters
Photos We Love



EVENTS

Awards Central
Oscars
Golden Globes
Sundance
Cannes
Comic-Con
Emmy Awards
Venice Film Festival
Toronto Film Festival
Festival Central
Tribeca
All Events







News &
Community





LATEST HEADLINES


 ‘Dunkirk’ Takes $8.6 Million in Early International Openings

2 hours ago


 Amazon US Streaming Deal for Sky’s Tim Roth, Christina Hendricks Series ‘Tin Star’

3 hours ago


 Dwayne Johnson Won't Appear in 'Shazam!,' DC's Geoff Johns Says

2 hours ago





NEWS

Top News
Movie News
TV News
Celebrity News
Indie News

COMMUNITY

Contributor Zone
Polls







Watchlist




            YOUR WATCHLIST
    













 
 


 



The leading information resource for the entertainment industry
Find industry contacts & talent representation
Manage your photos, credits, & more
Showcase yourself on IMDb & Amazon
Go to IMDbPro


|

Help


 

 

 










Sign in with Facebook
Other Sign in options










 








 


















 




STARmeter
SEE RANK


Down
18,694
this week


View rank on IMDbPro
»



 Jeff Sagansky


 
Producer |
 
Production Manager |
 
Actor






Jeff Sagansky was born on January 26, 1952 in Wellesley, Massachusetts, USA as Jeffrey Franklin Sagansky. He is a producer and executive, known for Remember (2015), The Private Lives of Pippa Lee (2009) and Valemont (2009).            
See full bio »
            
 


Born:

January 26, 
     
1952

            in
            Wellesley, Massachusetts, USA





More at IMDbPro »
 Contact Info:
 View company








37 news articles »                
















 
    


ad feedback




Quick Links

 


Biography




Awards




Photo Gallery




 


Filmography (by Job)




Trailers and Videos







Filmography



by Year




by Job




by Ratings




by Votes




by Genre




by Keyword



Personal Details



Biography




Other Works




Publicity Listings




Official Sites




Contact Info (IMDbPro)



Did You Know?



Personal Quotes




Trivia 




Trademark



Photo & Video



Photo Gallery




Trailers and Videos



Opinion



Awards



Related Items



Credited With




NewsDesk




External Sites



Professional Services



Promote yourself with a resume




Add or change photos




Get more at IMDbPro





Explore More
Show Less






   Comic-Con Recap: Day 1 Trends                         From the IMDboat, Kevin Smith discusses the San Diego Comic-Con trends with Iwan Rheon ("Inhumans"), IMDb Social Media Editor Tori Wadzita, and IMDb Entertainment Editor Arno Kazarian. Browse our Guide to Comic-Con for more. Watch the video 






Share this page:














 






Related News


India Satellite TV Giants Dish and Videocon d2h to Merge



                                  11 November 2016 3:35 AM, -08:00
                                
|
Variety - TV News





Hollywood Big Shots Jeff Sagansky, Harry Sloan Could Buy Playboy (Report)



                                  27 October 2016 5:52 AM, -08:00
                                
|
The Wrap





Gunpowder & Sky acquires FilmBuff



                                  20 September 2016 1:56 PM, -08:00
                                
|
ScreenDaily




See all 37 related articles »
            









  Around The Web  |  Powered by ZergNet        






On Amazon Video



Watch Now


 The Private Lives of Pippa Lee
 



Watch Now


 TWA Flight 800
 



Watch Now


 A Christmas Wedding Tail
 



Watch Now


 Remember
 



Watch Now


 Aliens on the Moon: The Truth Exposed
 



See more on Amazon Video »
                







Projects In Development 

 Just Heloise
 2017


 Sex, Lies and Handwriting
 

        Details only on IMDbPro »
    










Do you have a demo reel?
Add it to your IMDbPage









Find out more at IMDb Pro »
        






Connect with IMDb









How Much Have You Seen?
How much of Jeff Sagansky's work have you seen?





User Polls


 In Memory of Martin Landau

 Match Made in Heaven

 Alliterative movie characters

 Christopher Lee - What Could Have Been

See more polls »







 








Known For


 
 
Remember
Producer

(2015)


 
 
The Private Lives of Pippa Lee
Producer

(2009)


 
 
Valemont
Producer

(2009)


 
 
Gemini Division
Producer

(2008)











 Show all


 Hide all

 | 


Show by...
Job
Year »
Rating »
Number of Ratings »
Genre »
Keyword »


 | 
 Edit
 
Filmography

Jump to:
Producer
| Production manager
| Actor
| Writer
| Thanks
| Self



Hide 
Show 
Producer (14 credits)




 2016

Four in the Morning
(TV Series) (executive producer - 8 episodes)


- The Music
(2016)
... (executive producer)


- Four Christs
(2016)
... (executive producer)


- Folklore
(2016)
... (executive producer)


- Moon
(2016)
... (executive producer)


- Chemistry
(2016)
... (executive producer)





Show all 8 episodes




 2015/I

Remember
(executive producer)




 2014-2015

Strange Empire
(TV Series) (executive producer - 13 episodes)


- The Dark Riders
(2015)
... (executive producer)


- End Days
(2015)
... (executive producer)


- Confession
(2015)
... (executive producer)


- The Cage
(2015)
... (executive producer)


- The Resistance
(2014)
... (executive producer)





Show all 13 episodes




 2014

Aliens on the Moon: The Truth Exposed
(TV Movie documentary) (co-executive producer)




 2013

TWA Flight 800
(TV Movie documentary) (executive producer)




 2011

A Christmas Wedding Tail
(TV Movie) (executive producer)




 2009

I Know What I Saw
(TV Movie documentary) (producer)




 

Woke Up Dead
(TV Series) (producer - 21 episodes, 2009) (executive producer - 1 episode, 2009)


- Mother's Day
(2009)
... (producer)


- Night of the Dead Shark
(2009)
... (producer)


- The Not Bank Job
(2009)
... (producer)


- Kiss of the Dead
(2009)
... (producer)


- Back to School
(2009)
... (producer)





Show all 21 episodes




 2009

Hunting the Lost Symbol
(TV Movie documentary) (executive producer)




 2009

Valemont
(TV Mini-Series) (executive producer)




 2009

The Private Lives of Pippa Lee
(executive producer)




 2008

Gemini Division
(TV Series) (executive producer)




 2007

Best UFO Cases Ever Caught on Tape
(TV Movie documentary) (executive producer)




 2007

Best Cases Ever: Ghosts Caught on Tape
(TV Short documentary) (executive producer)




Hide 
Show 
Production manager (1 credit)




 1981

Walking Tall
(TV Series) (executive in charge of production - 3 episodes)


- The Fire Within
(1981)
... (executive in charge of production)


- Deadly Impact
(1981)
... (executive in charge of production)


- Company Town
(1981)
... (executive in charge of production)




Hide 
Show 
Actor (1 credit)




 1994

The Nanny
(TV Series)

Jeff Sagansky

- Frannie's Choice
(1994)
... Jeff Sagansky
(uncredited)




Hide 
Show 
Writer (1 credit)




 2011

A Christmas Wedding Tail
(TV Movie) (story)




Hide 
Show 
Thanks (2 credits)




 2013

Bridegroom
(Documentary) (the producers wish to thank)




 2009

The Men Who Stare at Goats
(special thanks)




Hide 
Show 
Self (3 credits)




 1999

Intimate Portrait
(TV Series documentary)

Himself

- Fran Drescher
(1999)
... Himself




 1990

Doctor Doctor
(TV Series)

Himself

- The Last Temptation of Mike
(1990)
... Himself




 1982

Don't Touch That Dial

Himself


 







 Edit
 
Personal Details

Height:
6' 2" (1.88 m)        








 Edit
 
Did You Know?

Trivia:
Ex-president of CBS.        


Star Sign:
Aquarius








Getting Started
|
Contributor Zone »
Contribute to This Page




Edit page



Add resume








   IMDb's Comic-Con 2017 Guide    Check out IMDb's 2017 Comic-Con Guide for the latest celebrity interviews, event coverage, cosplay photos, and more.                  Shazam! Confirmed by Director David F. Sandberg                   Adam Savage Builds His Own Excalibur           Browse Our Guide to Comic-Con 










 





 






IMDb Everywhere

 

 

 


Find showtimes, watch trailers, browse photos, track your Watchlist and rate your favorite movies and TV shows on your phone or tablet!
IMDb Mobile site




      Follow IMDb on
      
 

 

 









Home
Top Rated Movies
Box Office
TV
Coming Soon
Site Index
Search
In Theaters




Contact Us
 Register

News

Press Room
Advertising
Jobs




IMDbPro
 Box Office Mojo

 Withoutabox


Conditions of Use
Privacy Policy
 Interest-Based Ads










Copyright © 1990-2017
                IMDb.com, Inc.


                An Amazon.com company.
            




                Amazon Affiliates
            





Amazon Video
Watch Movies &TV Online






Prime Video
Unlimited Streamingof Movies & TV






Amazon Germany
Buy Movies onDVD & Blu-ray






Amazon Italy
Buy Movies onDVD & Blu-ray






Amazon France
Buy Movies onDVD & Blu-ray






Amazon India
Buy Movie andTV Show DVDs






DPReview
DigitalPhotography






Audible
DownloadAudio Books
































Jeffrey F. Sagansky: Executive Profile & Biography - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 21, 2017 4:38 PM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of Double Eagle Acquisition Corp.



SnapshotPeople 




OverviewBoard MembersCommittees



Executive Profile
Jeffrey F. Sagansky  Chief Executive Officer, President and Director, Double Eagle Acquisition Corp.AgeTotal Calculated CompensationThis person is connected to 11 Board Members in 11 different organizations across 25 different industries.See Board Relationships65--
Background

		Mr. Jeffrey F. Sagansky, also known as Jeff, has been the Chief Executive Officer and President of Double Eagle Acquisition Corp. since August 6, 2015. Mr. Sagansky has been the President of Silver Eagle Acquisition Corp. since April 11, 2013. Mr. Sagansky is a Co-Founder of Electric Farm Entertainment, LLC and serves as its Principal. He is a Co-Founder and Chairman of Hemisphere Capital Management LLC. He has over twenty-five years of experience in the Entertainment ... industry. Mr. Sagansky served as Programming Executive at NBC Entertainment. He founded Global Eagle Acquisition Corp. (now Global Eagle Entertainment Inc.) and served as its President since February 02, 2011 to January 2013. He served as an Interim Chief Executive Officer of Peace Arch Entertainment Group Inc. from November 2007 to July 21, 2008, Co-Chairman from September 01, 2007 to February 2009 and also served as its Advisor. Mr. Sagansky served as Programming Executive at David Gerber Company. He served as the President of CBS Broadcasting, Inc. He served as an Executive Vice President of Sony Corporation of America (SCA) which he joined in 1994. From 1998 to December 2002, Mr. Sagansky served as Chief Executive Officer and President of Paxson Communications Corporation. He served as President of CBS Entertainment, from 1990 to 1994. Mr. Sagansky served as President of Production at TriStar Pictures Inc. from 1985 to 1989 and President from 1989 to 1990. He served as President of Tri-Star Entertainment. Mr. Sagansky served as Senior Vice President of Programming at NBC and was involved with the development of such landmark television programs as St. Elsewhere, Cheers, Miami Vice and The Cosby Show. He served as a Co-President at Sony Pictures Entertainment Inc. from 1996 to 1998, where he was responsible for its strategic planning and worldwide television operations. Mr. Sagansky began his entertainment career in 1977 in the programming department of NBC. After leaving NBC, he oversaw production at Tri-Star Entertainment where he gave the green light to such films as Look Who's Talking, Peggy Sue Got Married, Steel Magnolias, Glory and About Last Night. In 1990, he joined CBS as Head Of Programming, where he engineered its ratings rise from third to first place in a mere 18 months. He has been the Chairman of Ardustry Home Entertainment since April 2005. He has been Chairman of Hemisphere Film Capital since 2008. He has been Chairman of the Board of Winchester Capital Management LLC since 2008. He serves as Chairman of the Board of View2gether, LLC. He has been Chairman of People’s Choice Cable TV since January 2005. He served as Chairman of the Board of RHI Entertainment, Inc. from February 2009 to April 2011. He served as the Chairman of Elm Tree Partners since January 2007 until December 2011. He served as Chairman Paxon Communications. He served as a Co-chairman and Director of Allumination FilmWorks, LLC. He served as Chairman of the Board of Sonar Entertainment, Inc. since February 09, 2009. He served as Vice Chairman of ION Media Networks, Inc. from December 2002 to August 19, 2003. He has been a Director of Sonar Entertainment, Inc since February 09, 2009. He has been a Director of Scripps Networks Interactive, Inc. since July 01, 2008. Mr. Sagansky has been a Director of Global Eagle Entertainment Inc. since January 31, 2013. He has been a Non-Executive Director of Videocon d2h Limited since May 24, 2016. He serves as a Director of Transparensee Systems, Inc. and Intertainer, Inc. Mr. Sagansky has been a Director at Double Eagle Acquisition Corp. since June 26, 2015. He serves as a Member of Executive Advisory Board at InterMedia Advisors, LLC. Mr. Sagansky has been a Member of Advisory Board at Sprylogics International Corp. since December 2011. He serves as a Member of The Advisory Board at LATTO. He serves as a Non-Executive Director of Content Media Corporation Limited. He served as a Director of VisibleGains Inc. He served as a Non-Independent Director of Peace Arch Entertainment Group Inc. since September 01, 2007. He served as a Director of American Media, Inc and American Media Operations, Inc. from March 2005 to January 30, 2009. He served as a Director of Lions Gate Entertainment Corp. since May 2003. He served as Director of Starz from January 11, 2013 to December 8, 2016. He served as a Director of ION Media Networks, Inc from 1998 to August 19, 2003. He served as a Director of The E. W. Scripps Company from August 29, 2003 to July 01, 2008. He served as a Member of Advisory Board at EastWest VentureGroup. He served as a Member of Advisory Board at iseemedia Inc. since March 2006. Mr. Sagansky earned a Bachelor of Arts degree from Harvard College and a Master of Business Administration degree from Harvard Business School.Read Full Background




Corporate Headquarters
2121 Avenue of the StarsLos Angeles, California 90067United StatesPhone: 310-209-7280Fax: --
Board Members Memberships
DirectorIntertainer, Inc.Non-Executive DirectorContent Media Corporation plcDirectorTransparensee Systems, Inc.ChairmanView2gether, LLC2008-PresentDirectorScripps Networks Interactive, Inc.2009-PresentDirectorSonar Entertainment, Inc.2013-PresentDirectorGlobal Eagle Entertainment Inc.2015-PresentChief Executive Officer, President and DirectorDouble Eagle Acquisition Corp.2016-PresentNon-Executive DirectorVideocon d2h Limited
Education
MBA Harvard Business SchoolBA Harvard College
Other Affiliations
The E. W. Scripps CompanyAmerican Media, Inc.Lions Gate Entertainment Corp.ION Media Networks, Inc.EastWest VentureGroupIntertainer, Inc.Peace Arch Entertainment Group Inc.CBS Broadcasting, Inc.Sony Pictures Entertainment Inc.Sony Corporation of AmericaSonar Entertainment, Inc.Harvard Business SchoolContent Media Corporation plcAmerican Media Operations, Inc.Harvard CollegeScripps Networks Interactive, Inc.iseemedia IncTriStar Pictures Inc.NBC EntertainmentInterMedia Advisors, LLCDavid Gerber CompanyAllumination FilmWorks, LLCBreaking Data Corp., Prior to Reverse Merger with Sports New Media Holdings LimitedVisibleGains Inc.StarzGlobal Eagle Entertainment Inc.Transparensee Systems, Inc.Electric Farm Entertainment, LLCView2gether, LLCGlobal Eagle Acquisition Corp.Videocon d2h LimitedSilver Eagle Acquisition Corp.LATTO


Annual Compensation
				There is no Annual Compensation data available.
				Stocks Options
				There is no Stock Options data available.
				Total Compensation
				There is no Total Compensation data available.
			



Request Profile Update
















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



COMPETITOR COMPENSATIONThere is no Competitor Compensation data available.










Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Double Eagle Acquisition Corp., please visit .  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close





























403 - Forbidden: Access is denied.



Server Error


403 - Forbidden: Access is denied.
You do not have permission to view this directory or page using the credentials that you supplied.







403 - Forbidden: Access is denied.



Server Error


403 - Forbidden: Access is denied.
You do not have permission to view this directory or page using the credentials that you supplied.






Elm Tree Partners, LLC

















 




 

























Principals: 



Elm Tree Partners is managed by a small team of professionals headed by Indian Gaming expert John Thompson.


  John Thompson, Jr.
  Jeff Sagansky


 




Jeff Sagansky



Jeff Sagansky has a career encompassing over 25 years in senior positions in the television, entertainment and motion picture businesses.  He is a lead investor in Content PLC, an AIM listed movie and video distribution company, Peace Arch Entertainment, an AMEX listed film and television production company and Blueprint Entertainment, a private television production company based in Toronto.  He is Chairman of Winchester Film Capital, a private motion picture financing company and Elm Tree Capital, a casino development company.
Mr. Sagansky served as President and CEO of Paxson Communications Corporation (PAX-TV) from the launch of the network in 1998 through December 2002.  Under his leadership, PAX-TV developed into the highest rated family friendly television network with distribution growing from 60% of U.S. TV households to almost 90% in only 4 years.
Prior to joining PAX-TV, Mr. Sagansky was Co-President of Sony Pictures Entertainment where he was responsible for Sony Entertainment’s worldwide operations and strategic planning.  In this capacity he spearheaded Sony’s acquisition of Telemundo.  Previously, Mr. Sagansky was Executive Vice President of Sony Corporation of America from September 1994 to October 1996, where he supervised Sony Theaters, the Sony Theater/Cineplex Odeon Theaters merger, and the highly successful U.S. launch of the Sony Playstation.








Prior to joining Sony, he was CEO of CBS Entertainment, where he engineered CBS’s ratings rise from third to first place in eighteen months.  Under his leadership, CBS developed such critically-acclaimed series as The Nanny, Dr, Quinn, Medicine Woman, Touched By An Angel, Chicago Hope, Picket Fences and Northern Exposure.
From 1989 to 1990 Mr. Sagansky was President of TriStar Pictures and was TriStar’s President of Production from 1l985 to 1989.  While at TriStar, he developed and oversaw production of a wide variety of successful films, including Look Who’s Talking, Peggy Sue Got Married, Steel Magnolias, Glory and About Last Night.  Before joining TriStar, he was Senior Vice President in charge of Series Programming for NBC Entertainment from 1982 to 1985.  At NBC, he developed hit prime-time series including Family Ties, Cheers, The Cosby Show, Miami Vice and Highway To Heaven; shows that brought that network to the top of the ratings.  
Mr. Sagansky received his Bachelor of Arts degree from Harvard College and his Masters of Business Administration degree from Harvard Business School.  Currently, he serves on the boards of the E.W. Scripps Company, American Media and Permission TV, a privately held internet video services company.



 





 














 ©2007 Elm Tree Partners, LLC       elmtreepartners@elmfund.com     website: alyson | design










Sagansky, Jeff - The Wall Street Transcript














































 





































Jeff  Sagansky
JEFF SAGANSKY is President and Chief Executive Officer, as well as a
member of the Board of Directors, for Paxson Communications Corporation.
His career encompasses over 20 years in the television and motion
picture business at various senior management positions. Prior to
joining PAX TV, Mr. Sagansky was most recently Co-President of Sony
Pictures Entertainment where he was responsible for Sony Entertainment’s
worldwide television operations, international business initiatives and
strategic planning functions. Previously, Mr. Sagansky was Executive
Vice President of Sony Corporation of America from September 1994 to
October 1996, where he supervised Sony Retail Entertainment, SW Networks
and new business development, including the highly successful launch of
the Sony Playstation. Prior to joining Sony, he was President of CBS
Entertainment, where he engineered CBS’s ratings rise from third to
first place in eighteen months. Under his leadership, CBS developed such
critically-acclaimed series as The Nanny, Dr. Quinn, Medicine Woman,
Touched By An Angel, Chicago Hope, Picket Fences, and  Northern
Exposure. From 1989 to 1990 Mr. Sagansky was President of TriStar
Pictures and was TriStar’s President of Production from 1985 to 1989.
While at TriStar, he developed and oversaw production of a wide variety
of successful films, including Look Who’s Talking, Peggy Sue Got
Married, Steel Magnolias, Glory and About Last Night. Before joining
TriStar, he was Senior Vice President in charge of Series Programming
for NBC Entertainment from 1982 to 1985, At NBC, he was involved in
developing hit prime-time series including Family Ties, Cheers, The
Cosby Show, Miami Vice, and Highway to Heaven; shows that brought that
network to the top of the ratings.  From 1979 to 1982,  he was Vice
President of Development for the David Gerber Company. Prior to that he
held positions at NBC Entertainment including Director, Dramatic
Development in 1978 and Manager, Film Programs in 1977. Previously he
worked as a financial analyst for CBS Broadcast Group from 1976 to 1977.
Mr. Sagansky received his Bachelor of Arts degree from Harvard Business
School. Currently, he serves on the boards of the International Council
for the national Academy of Television Arts and Sciences and the Jewish
Television Network and recently co-chaired the 30th Anniversary
Endowment Fundraising for the L.A. Free Clinic.
Related Interviews:Jeff  Sagansky -  Paxson Communications Corporation (pax)January 10, 1999







CartLatest NewsJames Abate of Centre Asset Management Sees Consumer Demand Driving New Stock HighsMalcolm E. Polley of Stewart Capital and How to Play the Health Care StocksTimothy Biltz, CEO of Lumos Networks Identifies the Key Component for Future 5G NetworksThe Wall Street Transcript is a completely unique resource for investors and business researchers.Over 20,000 CEO, Equity Analyst and Money Manager InterviewsSubscribe now!Sign Up For Newsletter Weekly email with New In-Depth Interviews


Email: 



Most Popular InterviewsDelivering Long-Term Results with a Risk-Managed Growth FundJames A. Abate Published July 20, 2017 in Investing StrategiesCompanies covered: AMAT JNJ COH RL COG NVDA ADBE ATVI KLAC AMZN NFLX GOOG FB GLW MU 005930 000660 WFM JWN CMG GPS EQT RICE SPLS Buy ($25)Finding Investments with Favorable Risk and Reward OpportunitiesHenry  Beukema Published July 19, 2017 in Investing StrategiesCompanies covered: ORCL MSFT NSRGY AMZN WFM LRLCY AGN LNR Buy ($25)Better Returns and Lower Risk in the Midcap SpaceMalcolm E. Polley Published July 18, 2017 in Investing StrategiesCompanies covered: PRAA HURN FII FL NKE AMZN WFM WBA RAD Buy ($25)Most Popular ReportsWireless Communications & Telecom Published July 14, 2017Buy ($175)Investing Strategies Published July 11, 2017Buy ($175)Investing Strategies Published June 30, 2017Buy ($175) 






Top Company Interviews






Register for a Free Account to gain greater access to
            The Wall Street Transcript right now




CEO INTERVIEWSInterview with the President and CEO: Lumos Networks Corp. (NASDAQ:LMOS)Interview with the Corporate VP of Business Development, Strategy and Investor Relations: DSP Group, Inc. (NASDAQ:DSPG)Interview with the CEO and Director: Tactile Systems Technology, Inc. (NASDAQ:TCMD) 

SECTOR ROUNDTABLESNatural Gas Weighs Heavy On E&P Near-Term ProspectsRoundtable Forum:optimism Despite Uncertainty In For-profit EducationRoundtable Forum:a Shift In Focus To Natural Gas From Oil 

MONEY MANAGER INTERVIEWSDelivering Long-Term Results with a Risk-Managed Growth FundFinding Investments with Favorable Risk and Reward OpportunitiesBetter Returns and Lower Risk in the Midcap Space 

ANALYST INTERVIEWSAnalyzing the Secular Drivers Within Communications Infrastructure and TelecomSatellite Companies Benefiting from Growth in Data TrafficIncreased Focus on Content as Consumers Shift to Digital Consumption 




Subscribe Today!







                Since 1963
                © The Wall Street Transcript 1997-2016
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy  
            





https://www.twst.com/wp-admin/admin-ajax.php

Pin It on Pinterest





































Share This





Twitter





Facebook





Google+





Gmail





LinkedIn








































×





Join now for free!
Already a member?






First Name 





Last Name 





Email address *








Create new account
 


or create an account with a social network.

Join with Facebook


Join with Twitter


Join with Google








Username or Email address: *





Password: *






LoginJoin now! | Forgot password?
 


or login using a social network


Log in with Facebook


Log in with Twitter


Log in with Google












 



Jeff Sagansky Joins RHI Entertainment as Non-Executive Chairman of the Board of Directors | Business Wire


























































Jeff Sagansky Joins RHI Entertainment as Non-Executive Chairman of 
      the Board of Directors




Significant Industry Experience, Relationships to Complement RHI 
      Management Team






February 09, 2009 04:10 PM Eastern Standard Time



NEW YORK--(BUSINESS WIRE)--RHI Entertainment, Inc. (NASDAQ: RHIE), a leading developer, producer, 
      and distributor of new made-for-television (MFT) movies, miniseries, and 
      other television programming, today appointed Jeff Sagansky 
      Non-Executive Chairman of the Board of Directors, effective immediately. 
      Robert Halmi, Jr. will remain on the Board and will continue in his role 
      as President and Chief Executive Officer.
    


      In this new role with RHI Entertainment, Mr. Sagansky will provide 
      strategic counsel around the diversification and distribution of RHI’s 
      content. RHI is the clear leader in the industry and distributes one of 
      the world’s largest libraries of made-for-TV movies and miniseries.
    

      “I am pleased to have Jeff join our board,” said Mr. Halmi, Jr. “Jeff 
      has a long track record of success in the media and entertainment world 
      and we are confident that he will have an immediate impact on our 
      business. Based on his exceptional industry knowledge and high level 
      relationships, he will play an active role in the development of our 
      long-term business strategy and content and will be integral in helping 
      us further expand the distribution of our product.”
    

      With a distinguished career spanning three decades, Mr. Sagansky brings 
      significant production, investor and executive experience in the film, 
      television and digital media businesses. A proven leader, Mr. Sagansky 
      has successfully directed a number of industry-leading companies, 
      including serving as the Co- President of Sony Pictures, President of 
      CBS Entertainment, President and CEO of Paxson Communications (now ION 
      Media Networks) as well as President of Tri-Star Entertainment.
    

      Mr. Sagansky is the co-founder of Electric Farm Entertainment, the 
      digital production company behind such hits as “Afterworld” and “Gemini 
      Division.” He has also been a lead investor in such diverse companies as 
      View2gether, a social viewing platform, Content Film, the UK based 
      distribution company and Trifecta, the syndication and media sales 
      company.
    

      Commenting on his appointment Mr. Sagansky said, “I have known and 
      worked with Robi and RHI for more than 25 years, and the Company has 
      long been the leader in the high quality film entertainment market. Its 
      unique financing and distribution model, extensive and valuable library, 
      and growing list of expansion opportunities were all motivating factors 
      in my decision to take on this role.”
    

      Mr. Sagansky earned a BA from Harvard College and an MBA from Harvard 
      Business School. He currently serves as Chairman of the private film 
      finance company, Winchester Capital Partners, and Chairman of Elm Tree 
      Partners, a private casino development company and is on the board of 
      Scripps Networks Interactive.
    

About RHI Entertainment


      RHI Entertainment, Inc. (NASDAQ: RHIE) develops, produces and 
      distributes new made-for-television movies, miniseries and other 
      television programming worldwide, and is the leading provider of new 
      long-form television content in the United States. Under the leadership 
      of Robert Halmi, Sr. and Robert Halmi, Jr., RHI has produced and 
      distributed thousands of hours of quality television programming, and 
      RHI’s productions have received more than 100 Emmy Awards. In addition 
      to the development, production and distribution of new content, RHI owns 
      rights to over 1,000 titles and more than 3,500 broadcast hours of 
      long-form television programming, which are licensed to broadcast and 
      cable networks and new media outlets globally.
    





Contacts

      Sloane & CompanyErica Bartsch, 212-446-1875Ebartsch@Sloanepr.com













Contacts

      Sloane & CompanyErica Bartsch, 212-446-1875Ebartsch@Sloanepr.com







 
 

 






Search




Advanced News Search

Advanced News Search













Log In
Sign Up














Server Error

















Error!



  

    Unable to complete your request

Direct to the previous page

        The server encounted an internal error or misconfiguration and was unable to complete your request.Please contact the server administrator, webmaster@dfnplus.com and inform them of the time the error occured, and anything you might have done that may have caused the error.



Copyright 2017 DirectFN Ltd. All Rights Reserved.

NODE_1







Contact Us












Hello ,Please use the below form for
                            Product support & feedback


Name :  *  


Email:  * 


Phone Number :  * 






Preferred contact method :
Email
Phone











Technical Support 24x7: +94 112 314900 / slhops@directfn.net
Your Account Manager is, , , 






















Support & Feedback



