
































































 Paul Sagan | Board of Directors | Akamai










Customer Login










Deutsch
English - UK
English - US
Español
Français
Italiano
中文
日本語
한국어






Search Akamai.com









 


























 
Get In Touch 





 
Chat with Sales 






Call us 

1.877.425.2624






Customer Support 

For immediate customer support please call 1.617.444.4699 or email us at support@akamai.com




Email Us 

Please email Akamai Sales and we will contact you within 1-2 business days. 
Email UsEmail Us???CloseModal??? 


X





Social












Are you Under Attack? 

 





 





 
Paul Sagan 

















Executive in Residence (XIR), General Catalyst Partners 




Paul Sagan, the company's second chief executive, was elected to the Akamai Board of Directors in January 2005, and he served as Vice Chairman from January 2013 until May 2015. Mr. Sagan joined Akamai in October 1998 as chief operating officer, became president the following year, and was CEO from April 2005 until 2013 when Tom Leighton succeeded him as the company's chief executive. 


Mr. Sagan is an executive in residence (XIR) at General Catalyst Partners, a venture capital firm based in Cambridge, Massachusetts, Palo Alto, California, and New York City. 


Mr. Sagan is also a director of VMware, Inc., and three private companies, Datto, Inc., L2, Inc., and Catalina Labs. Previously, he served as a director of iRobot Corp, as well as Dow Jones & Company (acquired by News Corp.), Digitas, Inc. (acquired by Publicis Group), EMC Corp. (acquired by Dell Technologies), and Maven Networks (acquired by Yahoo!). 


President Obama appointed Mr. Sagan to the President's National Security Telecommunications Advisory Committee in 2010. Governor Charlie Baker appointed Mr. Sagan to be Chairman of the Massachusetts Board of Elementary and Secondary Education in 2015. 


Before joining Akamai, Mr. Sagan served as senior advisor to the World Economic Forum from 1997 to 1998, and from 1991 until 1997 he held a number of management positions at Time Warner, including president and editor of new media at Time Inc. from 1995 until 1997. As an executive at Time Warner, Mr. Sagan was a founder of Road Runner, the world's first broadband cable modem service, and Pathfinder, one of the early web properties that pioneered Internet advertising. 


Mr. Sagan joined Time Warner Cable to design and launch NY 1 News, the television news network based in New York City. Mr. Sagan's career began in broadcast television news. He joined WCBS-TV in 1981 as a news writer and was named news director in 1987. 


He is a three-time Emmy Award winner for broadcast journalism in New York; a fellow of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences since 2008; the 2009 Ernst & Young Entrepreneur of the Year in the technology category. In 1996 the World Economic Forum named him a Global Leader for Tomorrow. 


Mr. Sagan is also chairman of ProPublica; a member of the Visiting Committee at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology in the Department of Electrical Engineering and Computer Science; and a Life Trustee of Northwestern University and a graduate of the Medill School of Journalism at Northwestern. He was a Fellow at the Shorenstein Center on the Press, Politics & Public Policy at the Kennedy School of Government at Harvard University, and a member of the Knight Commission on the Information Needs of Communities in a Democracy. 
 





 
About Akamai 

 
Learn more about the history of Akamai and who we are as a company. 



Company History


Facts & Figures


 


 
Where to Find Us 

 
Akamai is headquartered in Cambridge, Massachusetts in the United States with operations around the world. 



View our global locations


 


 
Akamai in the News 

 
Learn about Akamai's recent news and announcements, industry recognition and more. 



Visit our newsroom


 


 
Join the Akamai Team 

 
We live in a time when you can rise as high as your ideas take you - and nowhere is this more true than at Akamai. 



Learn about careers at Akamai


 










Locations


Contact Us







Faster Forward



Home



Solutions


Back

Solutions




Industries


Back

Industries



Automotive


Business Services


Financial Services


Healthcare & Life Sciences


Hotel & Travel


Manufacturing


Media & Entertainment


Gaming


Public Sector


Retail & Consumer Goods


Software & Technology


Software as a Service


Startups





Insights


Back

Insights



DDoS and Application Protection


Image Management


Making the Cloud Business Ready


Video Delivery & Workflow


Choosing Your CDN


Mobile Performance


DNS Security and Services





Intelligent Platform


Back

Intelligent Platform




Luna Control Center


Back

Luna Control Center



Luna Property Manager


Home Page Dashboard


Interactive Monitoring and Reporting


Adaptive Alerting


Akamai Marketplace


Luna Resolve


Authentication and Authorization


Event Center





Visualizing Global Internet Performance


Back

Visualizing Global Internet Performance




Internet Observatory


Back

Internet Observatory



IO Internet Visualizations


Community Involvement


IO FAQs




Real-Time Web Monitor


Real-Time Web Metrics


IPv6 Traffic Volume


Network Operations Command Center


Network Performance Comparison




Cloud Monitor


Secure CDN


China CDN





For CIOs


Back

For CIOs



Critical Priorities for Future-Focused CIOs


Boosting Agility and Performance on the Evolving Internet


Digital Engagement in Financial Services


The Future of Customer Experience in Financial Services


Security Without Compromising Usability


Bigger Threats, Better Defense


Digital Ambitions for Today’s Retailers


Are You Meeting Today’s Mobile Mandate?


Securing the Internet of Everything


Technology CEOs Share Best Practices with U.S. Government CIOs




Bot Management and Credential Stuffing



Gaming


Back

Gaming








Products


Back

Products




Web Performance


Back

Web Performance




Cloudlet Applications


Back

Cloudlet Applications



Edge Redirector Cloudlet


Visitor Prioritization Cloudlet


Request Control Cloudlet


Forward Rewrite Cloudlet


API Prioritization Cloudlet


Audience Segmentation Cloudlet


Phased Release Cloudlet


Input Validation Cloudlet


Application Load Balancer Cloudlet




Ion


Dynamic Site Delivery


Dynamic Site Accelerator


Fast DNS


Global Traffic Management


Web Application Accelerator


IP Application Accelerator


SaaS Provider Option


Architecting for the Cloud Video Series


Image Manager


CloudTest


mPulse





Media Delivery


Back

Media Delivery



Adaptive Media Delivery


Download Delivery


Infinite Media Products


Media Acceleration


Media Services On Demand


Media Services Live


Media Analytics


NetStorage


Adaptive Media Player


Predictive Content Delivery





Cloud Security


Back

Cloud Security



Kona Site Defender


Prolexic Routed


Bot Manager


Client Reputation


Web Application Protector


Kona DDoS Defender


Prolexic Connect


Prolexic Proxy


Fast DNS


Site Shield


Flow-Based Monitoring


Calculate the Cost of DDoS Attacks





Cloud Networking


Back

Cloud Networking



Enterprise Application Access


Cisco Intelligent WAN with Akamai Connect


SteelHead SaaS


Akamai Cloud Networking Suite


Enterprise Threat Protector





Network Operator


Back

Network Operator



Aura Licensed CDN


Aura Managed CDN


Aura Object Store


Akamai Network Partnerships


AnswerX Recursive DNS


Mobile Network Solutions


Network Experience Analytics







Why Akamai


Back

Why Akamai



World's Best Digital Experiences





Services & Support


Back

Services & Support



Premium Service & Support


Named Enhanced Support


Enhanced Support SLA


Standard Support


Managed Delivery Service


Service Management


Guided Delivery Service


Integration Service


Managed Kona Site Defender Service


Security Optimization Assistance


Rule Update Service


Technical Advisory Service


Assessments


Global Classroom Training


Custom Onsite Training


Global Training Solutions


Broadcast Operations Control Center (BOCC)





Infographics


Back

Infographics






Dive Deeper 

Our Customers



About Akamai


Back

About Akamai



Industry Recognition


Company History


Facts & Figures



Careers


Back

Careers



Working at Akamai


Student Jobs & Internships


Workplace Diversity




Executive Briefing Centers



Events


Back

Events



Webinars





Newsroom


Back

Newsroom



In the News


Media Resources


Press Contacts



Press Releases


Back

Press Releases



2017 Press Releases


Back

2017 Press Releases



Akamai Foundation to Award Top High School Math Students With $45,000 in College Scholarships




2016 Press Releases


Back

2016 Press Releases





2015 Press Releases


Back

2015 Press Releases





2014 Press Releases


Back

2014 Press Releases





2013 Press Releases


Back

2013 Press Releases





2012 Press Releases


Back

2012 Press Releases





2011 Press Releases


Back

2011 Press Releases





2010 Press Releases


Back

2010 Press Releases





2009 Press Releases


Back

2009 Press Releases





2008 Press Releases


Back

2008 Press Releases





2007 Press Releases


Back

2007 Press Releases





2006 Press Releases


Back

2006 Press Releases





2005 Press Releases


Back

2005 Press Releases










Corporate Responsibility


Back

Corporate Responsibility




Akamai Sustainability


Back

Akamai Sustainability




Our Commitment


Back

Our Commitment



CEO Message


Targets & Progress


Accountability, Transparency & Collaboration





Programs


Back

Programs




Network Efficiency


Back

Network Efficiency



Network Energy and GHG Methodology



Electronic Waste Management


Renewable Energy Program


Sustainable Office Practices




Resources




Akamai Foundation


Suppliers and Partners


Akamai Human Rights Policy





Leadership


Back

Leadership




Executive Team


Back

Executive Team



Dr. Tom Leighton


Rick M. McConnell


Jim Benson


Robert Blumofe


James Gemmell


Melanie Haratunian


Adam Karon 


Bill Wheaton


Monique Bonner


Sanjay Singh


Mani Sundaram


Robert W. Hughes


Akamai Remembers Danny Lewin





Board of Directors


Back

Board of Directors



Dr. Tom Leighton


George Conrades


Pamela J. Craig


Monte E. Ford


Jill A. Greenthal


Daniel R. Hesse


Paul Sagan


Frederic V. Salerno


Naomi O. Seligman


Bernardus Verwaayen


Jonathan F. Miller







Our Thinking


Back

Our Thinking




State of the Internet


Back

State of the Internet



Quarterly Connectivity Reports


Quarterly Security Reports


State of the Internet Connectivity Visualization


State of the Internet IPv6 Adoption Visualization


State of the Internet Global Client Reputation Visualization


Web Attack Visualization




Technical Publications


White Papers







Partners


Back

Partners



About the NetAlliance Program


Become a Partner


NetAlliance Partners


The NetAlliance Awards


Partner Portal


Partner Testimonials 





Privacy and policies


Back

Privacy and policies



Akamai Privacy Principles


Privacy Statement for Akamai Sites


Privacy Shield Policy


Candidate Privacy Statement & Arbitration Agreement


Acceptable Use Policy


Code of Ethics


Ad Notice



Copyright and Other Notices


Back

Copyright and Other Notices



Akamai DMCA




EMEA Legal Notices


Impressum



Akamai Product License Agreements


Back

Akamai Product License Agreements



Akamai Internet Visualization App License Agreement


Octoshape Commercial License Agreement


Octoshape End User License Agreement


Octoshape SDK and Octoshape Client License Agreement


Akamai Media Player License Agreement


Akamai NetSession Interface C-API License


Akamai NetSession Interface License Agreement


Aura LCDN 3rd Party Software Addendum


Aura LCDN End User License and Limited Warranty Agreement


Aura Object Store 3rd Party Software Addendum


Aura Object Store End User License and Limited Warranty Agreement


Download Manager Browser Plug-In License Agreement


Download Manager DLM.js Code License Agreement


HD Networks Player Component License Agreement (iPhone and iPad version)


HD Networks Player Component License Agreement


Media Analytics License Agreement


Media Analytics License Agreement (iPhone and iPad version)


AnswerX Licensed End User License and Limited Warranty Agreement







Support


Back

Support



End User FAQ


Edge Side Includes


Global Support Phone Numbers





















Paul Sagan - Datto, Inc.



































Partner Login
Backupify Login




Request a Demo



      Continuity Products
    


SIRIS


ALTO


SAAS PROTECTION


DRIVE


NAS





			Networking Products
		


DNA


Networking Switches


Networking WiFi





      General Info
    


Technologies


Resources


Conversion Tool


Training





      Company Info
    


About Datto


Blog


News


Events


Partners


Careers


Technical Support


Contact


Partner Login



























Solutions
No matter where your data lives, Datto can protect it. Find out about our innovative solutions.




Ransomware
Hackers have declared war on your data. Find out what ransomware is and how you can win the battle.


Business Continuity & Disaster Recovery
Protect your business against unknown risks with frequent backups of your entire business infrastructure.


Managed Networking Services
Easily deploy fully integrated and complete networks in minutes and remotely configure and manage firewall settings.




Disaster Recovery as a Service
If disaster strikes, recover your data, servers, desktops, and the entire infrastructure to a virtual environment in seconds.


Cloud-to-Cloud SaaS Backup
Simply, securely, and automatically maintain control of your SaaS data.






Products
Datto offers a range of business and networking continuity products for companies of all sizes.



Continuity Products
Continuity Overview


SIRIS
Enterprise Business continuity, available in physical, virtual and imaged platforms.


ALTO
The only continuity solution designed specifically for small businesses.


Datto NAS
Smart, scalable storage that connects to the secure Datto Cloud.


Datto Drive
Cloud-based anywhere-access file sharing that's built for business.


Datto SaaS Protection
The leading cloud-to-cloud backup and recovery solution for software-as-a-service.



Networking Products
Networking Overview


Networking Appliance (DNA)
Full integrated networking; everything a network needs in a single, compact device.


Networking Switches
Seamlessly connect devices and users on your network, enabling users to work smarter and faster.


Networking WiFi
Datto Networking WiFi access points deliver powerful, easy-to-use wireless networks, with seamless roaming for always connected WiFi.






Technologies
Datto is committed to engineering innovative technologies. Explore our industry-leading tech.




Inverse Chain Technology
Replaces traditional backups with the elegance of asynchronous mirroring.


Backup Insights
See what has been modified, created, or deleted between any two backups.


Hybrid Cloud
The most reliable and efficient way for users to back up their data securely.


Advanced Storage
Datto makes extensive use of ZFS for maximum data integrity protection.




Instant Virtualization
Allows backups of servers to be virtualized and started locally or remotely in the cloud.


Screenshot Verification
Frequent and automatic validation of backup integrity immediately after completion.


File Sync & Share
A locally-hosted on-prem enterprise file sync & share solution.






Company
Datto is an innovative provider of comprehensive backup, recovery and business continuity solutions used by thousands of managed service providers worldwide.




About Datto
Learn about Datto and explore our leaders' profiles.


Careers
It's not work. It's Datto.


Datto News
Latest News Releases about Datto.


Events
Datto events around the world.




Partners
We love our Partners!


Technical Support
24x7 Support for all Datto products.


Contact Datto
Get in touch.






Resources
Read the Blog, explore our Resource Library, or discover tools from Datto.




Downtime Blog
Daily updates and thoughts about Business Continuity.


Resource Library
Explore content related to Datto, backup and disaster recovery.


BDR Assessment Tool for MSPs
Accurate, customized IT assessments and recommendations for clients.




Recovery Time Calculator
Evaluate your recovery time and recovery point objectives.


Learning
24x7 Support for all Datto products.










        Paul Sagan
        Non-Executive Chairman, Datto; Executive-in-Residence, General Catalyst Partners









Home > 
About > Paul Sagan  







Paul
joined the Datto Board of Directors in 2013. He is an executive in
residence (XIR) at General Catalyst Partners, a venture capital firm
based in Cambridge, Massachusetts, Palo Alto, California, and New
York City. Paul is an experienced technology industry executive and
currently serves as a Director of Akamai Technologies, Inc., the
company he joined as COO when it was a start-up in 1998. He became
president and served as CEO then from 2005 until 2013. In addition to
being a director of Datto and Akamai, Paul is the lead director of
VMware, Inc. He served previously as a director of iRobot Corp., and
as a director at Dow Jones & Company, Digitas Inc., EMC Corp. and
Maven Networks before they were acquired.

Previously,
Paul served as senior advisor to the World Economic Forum from 1997
to 1998, and from 1991 until 1997 he held a number of management
positions at Time Warner, including president and editor of new media
at Time Inc. He was a member of the senior management team
responsible for the development of the company’s online, cable
online, electronic publishing, and Internet publishing activities. He
was a founder of Road Runner, the world’s first broadband cable
modem service, and Pathfinder, one of the early Web properties that
pioneered Internet advertising.

Paul
was appointed by President Obama to the President’s National
Security Telecommunications Advisory Committee in 2010. Governor
Charlie Baker appointed Paul to be Chairman of the Massachusetts
Board of Elementary and Secondary Education in 2015. He is a
three-time Emmy Award winner for broadcast journalism in New York, a
fellow of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences since 2008, and
the 2009 Ernst & Young Entrepreneur of the Year in the technology
category. In 1996 the World Economic Forum named him a Global Leader
for Tomorrow.











Carl Sagan - Wikipedia






















 






Carl Sagan

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search



Carl Sagan



Carl Sagan in 1980



Born
Carl Edward Sagan
(1934-11-09)November 9, 1934
Brooklyn, New York, U.S.


Died
December 20, 1996(1996-12-20) (aged 62)
Seattle, Washington, U.S.


Resting place
Ithaca, New York, U.S.


Nationality
American


Fields



Astronomy
astrophysics
cosmology
astrobiology
space science
planetary science





Institutions



Cornell University
Harvard University
Smithsonian Astrophysical Observatory
University of California, Berkeley





Alma mater
University of Chicago


Doctoral advisor
Gerard Kuiper


Doctoral students
Clark Chapman, James B. Pollack, Owen Toon


Known for



Search for Extra-Terrestrial Intelligence (SETI)
Cosmos: A Personal Voyage
Cosmos
Voyager Golden Record
Pioneer plaque
The Dragons of Eden
Contact
Pale Blue Dot





Notable awards
Klumpke-Roberts Award (1974)
NASA Distinguished Public Service Medal (1977)
Pulitzer Prize for General Non-Fiction (1978)
Oersted Medal (1990)
Carl Sagan Award for Public Understanding of Science (1993)
National Academy of Sciences Public Welfare Medal (1994)


Spouse
Lynn Margulis (m. 1957; div. 1965)
Linda Salzman (m. 1968; div. 1981)
Ann Druyan (m. 1981)


Children
5, including Dorion and Nick


Signature




Carl Edward Sagan (/ˈseɪɡən/; November 9, 1934 – December 20, 1996) was an American astronomer, cosmologist, astrophysicist, astrobiologist, author, science popularizer, and science communicator in astronomy and other natural sciences. He is best known for his work as a science popularizer and communicator. His best known scientific contribution is research on extraterrestrial life, including experimental demonstration of the production of amino acids from basic chemicals by radiation. Sagan assembled the first physical messages sent into space: the Pioneer plaque and the Voyager Golden Record, universal messages that could potentially be understood by any extraterrestrial intelligence that might find them. Sagan argued the now accepted hypothesis that the high surface temperatures of Venus can be attributed to and calculated using the greenhouse effect.[1]
Sagan published more than 600 scientific papers and articles and was author, co-author or editor of more than 20 books. He wrote many popular science books, such as The Dragons of Eden, Broca's Brain and Pale Blue Dot, and narrated and co-wrote the award-winning 1980 television series Cosmos: A Personal Voyage. The most widely watched series in the history of American public television, Cosmos has been seen by at least 500 million people across 60 different countries.[2] The book Cosmos was published to accompany the series. He also wrote the science fiction novel Contact, the basis for a 1997 film of the same name. His papers, containing 595,000 items,[3] are archived at The Library of Congress.[4]
Sagan advocated scientific skeptical inquiry and the scientific method, pioneered exobiology and promoted the Search for Extra-Terrestrial Intelligence (SETI). He spent most of his career as a professor of astronomy at Cornell University, where he directed the Laboratory for Planetary Studies. Sagan and his works received numerous awards and honors, including the NASA Distinguished Public Service Medal, the National Academy of Sciences Public Welfare Medal, the Pulitzer Prize for General Non-Fiction for his book The Dragons of Eden, and, regarding Cosmos: A Personal Voyage, two Emmy Awards, the Peabody Award and the Hugo Award. He married three times and had five children. After suffering from myelodysplasia, Sagan died of pneumonia at the age of 62, on December 20, 1996.



Contents


1 Early life

1.1 1939 World's Fair
1.2 World War II
1.3 Inquisitiveness about nature
1.4 High school years


2 Education
3 Scientific career
4 Scientific achievements
5 Cosmos: popularizing science on TV

5.1 "Billions and billions"


6 Scientific and critical thinking advocacy

6.1 Popularizing science
6.2 Criticisms


7 Social concerns
8 Personal life and beliefs
9 Sagan and UFOs
10 Death
11 Posthumous recognition
12 Awards and honors
13 Publications
14 See also
15 Notes
16 References
17 Further reading
18 External links



Early life[edit]
Carl Sagan was born in Brooklyn, New York.[5] His father, Samuel Sagan, was an immigrant garment worker from Kamianets-Podilskyi, then in the Russian Empire,[6] in today's Ukraine. His mother, Rachel Molly Gruber, was a housewife from New York. Carl was named in honor of Rachel's biological mother, Chaiya Clara, in Sagan's words, "the mother she never knew."[7]
He had a sister, Carol, and the family lived in a modest apartment near the Atlantic Ocean, in Bensonhurst, a Brooklyn neighborhood. According to Sagan, they were Reform Jews, the most liberal of North American Judaism's four main groups. Both Sagan and his sister agreed that their father was not especially religious, but that their mother "definitely believed in God, and was active in the temple ... and served only kosher meat."[7]:12 During the depths of the Depression, his father worked as a theater usher.
According to biographer Keay Davidson, Sagan's "inner war" was a result of his close relationship with both of his parents, who were in many ways "opposites." Sagan traced his later analytical urges to his mother, a woman who had been extremely poor as a child in New York City during World War I and the 1920s.[7]:2 As a young woman she had held her own intellectual ambitions, but they were frustrated by social restrictions: her poverty, her status as a woman and a wife, and her Jewish ethnicity. Davidson notes that she therefore "worshipped her only son, Carl. He would fulfill her unfulfilled dreams."[7]:2
However, he claimed that his sense of wonder came from his father. In his free time he gave apples to the poor or helped soothe labor-management tensions within New York's garment industry.[7]:2 Although he was awed by Carl's intellectual abilities, he took his son's inquisitiveness in stride and saw it as part of his growing up.[7]:2 In his later years as a writer and scientist, Sagan would often draw on his childhood memories to illustrate scientific points, as he did in his book, Shadows of Forgotten Ancestors.[7]:9 Sagan describes his parents' influence on his later thinking:

My parents were not scientists. They knew almost nothing about science. But in introducing me simultaneously to skepticism and to wonder, they taught me the two uneasily cohabiting modes of thought that are central to the scientific method.[8]

1939 World's Fair[edit]
Sagan recalls that one of his most defining moments was when his parents took him to the 1939 New York World's Fair when he was four years old. The exhibits became a turning point in his life. He later recalled the moving map of the America of Tomorrow exhibit: "It showed beautiful highways and cloverleaves and little General Motors cars all carrying people to skyscrapers, buildings with lovely spires, flying buttresses—and it looked great!"[7]:14 At other exhibits, he remembered how a flashlight that shone on a photoelectric cell created a crackling sound, and how the sound from a tuning fork became a wave on an oscilloscope. He also witnessed the future media technology that would replace radio: television. Sagan wrote:

Plainly, the world held wonders of a kind I had never guessed. How could a tone become a picture and light become a noise?[7]:14

He also saw one of the Fair's most publicized events, the burial of a time capsule at Flushing Meadows, which contained mementos of the 1930s to be recovered by Earth's descendants in a future millennium. "The time capsule thrilled Carl," writes Davidson. As an adult, Sagan and his colleagues would create similar time capsules—capsules that would be sent out into the galaxy; these were the Pioneer plaque and the Voyager Golden Record précis, all of which were spinoffs of Sagan's memories of the World's Fair.[7]:15
World War II[edit]
During World War II Sagan's family worried about the fate of their European relatives. Sagan, however, was generally unaware of the details of the ongoing war. He wrote, "Sure, we had relatives who were caught up in the Holocaust. Hitler was not a popular fellow in our household... But on the other hand, I was fairly insulated from the horrors of the war." His sister, Carol, said that their mother "above all wanted to protect Carl... She had an extraordinarily difficult time dealing with World War II and the Holocaust."[7]:15 Sagan's book, The Demon-Haunted World (1996), included his memories of this conflicted period, when his family dealt with the realities of the war in Europe but tried to prevent it from undermining his optimistic spirit.[8]
Inquisitiveness about nature[edit]
Soon after entering elementary school he began to express a strong inquisitiveness about nature. Sagan recalled taking his first trips to the public library alone, at the age of five, when his mother got him a library card. He wanted to learn what stars were, since none of his friends or their parents could give him a clear answer:

I went to the librarian and asked for a book about stars ... And the answer was stunning. It was that the Sun was a star but really close. The stars were suns, but so far away they were just little points of light ... The scale of the universe suddenly opened up to me. It was a kind of religious experience. There was a magnificence to it, a grandeur, a scale which has never left me. Never ever left me.[7]:18

At about age six or seven, he and a close friend took trips to the American Museum of Natural History across the East River in Manhattan. While there, they went to the Hayden Planetarium and walked around the museum's exhibits of space objects, such as meteorites, and displays of dinosaurs and animals in natural settings. Sagan writes about those visits:

I was transfixed by the dioramas—lifelike representations of animals and their habitats all over the world. Penguins on the dimly lit Antarctic ice; ...a family of gorillas, the male beating his chest, ...an American grizzly bear standing on his hind legs, ten or twelve feet tall, and staring me right in the eye.[7]:18

His parents helped nurture his growing interest in science by buying him chemistry sets and reading materials. His interest in space, however, was his primary focus, especially after reading science fiction stories by writers such as H. G. Wells and Edgar Rice Burroughs, which stirred his imagination about life on other planets such as Mars. According to biographer Ray Spangenburg, these early years as Sagan tried to understand the mysteries of the planets became a "driving force in his life, a continual spark to his intellect, and a quest that would never be forgotten."[8]
In 1947 he discovered Astounding Science Fiction magazine, which introduced him to more hard science fiction speculations than those in Burroughs's novels. That same year inaugurated the "flying saucer" mass hysteria with the young Carl suspecting the "discs" might be alien spaceships.[9]
High school years[edit]
Sagan had lived in Bensonhurst where he went to David A. Boody Junior High School. He had his bar mitzvah in Bensonhurst when he turned 13.[7]:23 The following year, 1948, his family moved to the nearby town of Rahway, New Jersey for his father's work, where Sagan then entered Rahway High School. He graduated in 1951.[7]:23 Rahway was an older industrial town, and the Sagans were among its few Jewish families.[7]:23




Photo of Sagan from high school yearbook, 1951


Sagan was a straight-A student but was bored due to unchallenging classes and uninspiring teachers.[7]:23 His teachers realized this and tried to convince his parents to send him to a private school, the administrator telling them, "This kid ought to go to a school for gifted children, he has something really remarkable."[7]:24 This they couldn't do, partly because of the cost.
Sagan was made president of the school's chemistry club, and at home he set up his own laboratory. He taught himself about molecules by making cardboard cutouts to help him visualize how molecules were formed: "I found that about as interesting as doing [chemical] experiments," he said.[7]:24 Sagan remained mostly interested in astronomy as a hobby, and in his junior year made it a career goal after he learned that astronomers were paid for doing what he always enjoyed: "That was a splendid day­­­­—when I began to suspect that if I tried hard I could do astronomy full-time, not just part-time."[7]:25
Before the end of high school, he entered an essay contest in which he posed the question of whether human contact with advanced life forms from another planet might be as disastrous for people on Earth as it was for Native Americans when they first had contact with Europeans.[10] The subject was considered controversial, but his rhetorical skill won over the judges and they awarded him first prize.[10] By graduation, his classmates had voted him "Most likely to succeed," and put him in line to be valedictorian.[10]
Education[edit]
Sagan attended the University of Chicago, which was one of the few colleges he applied to that would consider admitting a sixteen-year-old, despite his excellent high school grades. Its Chancellor, Robert Hutchins, structured the school as an "ideal meritocracy," with no age requirement.[11] The school also employed a number of the nation's leading scientists, including Enrico Fermi and Edward Teller, along with operating the famous Yerkes Observatory.[11]
During his time as an honors program undergraduate, Sagan worked in the laboratory of the geneticist H. J. Muller and wrote a thesis on the origins of life with physical chemist Harold Urey. Sagan joined the Ryerson Astronomical Society,[12] received a B.A. degree in self-proclaimed "nothing" with general and special honors in 1954, and a B.S. degree in physics in 1955. He went on to earn a M.S. degree in physics in 1956, before earning a Ph.D. degree in 1960 with the dissertation "Physical Studies of Planets" submitted to the Department of Astronomy and Astrophysics.[13][14][15][16]
He used the summer months of his graduate studies to work with his dissertation director, planetary scientist Gerard Kuiper, as well as physicist George Gamow, and chemist Melvin Calvin. The title of Sagan's dissertation reflects his shared interests with Kuiper, who throughout the 1950s had been president of the International Astronomical Union's commission on "Physical Studies of Planets and Satellites".[17] In 1958, the two worked on the classified military Project A119, the secret Air Force plan to detonate a nuclear warhead on the Moon.[18]
Sagan had a "Top Secret" clearance at the U.S. Air Force and a "Secret" clearance with NASA.[19] While working on his doctoral dissertation, Sagan revealed US Government classified titles of two Project A119 papers when he applied for a University of California at Berkeley scholarship in 1959. The leak was not publicly revealed until 1999, when it was published in the journal "Nature". A follow-up letter to the journal by project leader Leonard Reiffel confirmed Sagan's security leak.[20]
Scientific career[edit]
From 1960 to 1962 Sagan was a Miller Fellow at the University of California, Berkeley.[21] Meanwhile, he published an article in 1961 in the journal Science on the atmosphere of Venus, while also working with NASA's Mariner 2 team, and served as a "Planetary Sciences Consultant" to the RAND Corporation.[22]


Play media


Sagan is one of those discussing the likelihood of life on other planets in Who's Out There? (1973), an award-winning NASA documentary film by Robert Drew


After the publication of Sagan's Science article, in 1961 Harvard University astronomers Fred Whipple and Donald Menzel offered Sagan the opportunity to give a colloquium at Harvard, and they subsequently offered him a lecturer position at the institution. Sagan instead asked to be made an assistant professor, and eventually Whipple and Menzel were able to convince Harvard to offer Sagan the assistant professor position he requested.[22] Sagan lectured, performed research, and advised graduate students at the institution from 1963 until 1968, as well as working at the Smithsonian Astrophysical Observatory, both located in Cambridge, Massachusetts.
In 1968, Sagan was denied tenure at Harvard. He later indicated the decision was very much unexpected.[23] The tenure denial has been blamed on several factors, including that he focused his interests too broadly across a number of areas (while the norm in academia is to become a renowned expert in a narrow specialty), and perhaps because of his well-publicized scientific advocacy, which some scientists perceived as borrowing the ideas of others for little more than self-promotion.[19] An advisor from his years as an undergraduate student, Harold Urey, wrote a letter to the tenure committee recommending strongly against tenure for Sagan.[9]


Science is more than a body of knowledge; it is a way of thinking. I have a foreboding of an America in my children's or grandchildren's time — when the United States is a service and information economy; when nearly all the key manufacturing industries have slipped away to other countries; when awesome technological powers are in the hands of a very few, and no one representing the public interest can even grasp the issues; when the people have lost the ability to set their own agendas or knowledgeably question those in authority; when, clutching our crystals and nervously consulting our horoscopes, our critical faculties in decline, unable to distinguish between what feels good and what's true, we slide, almost without noticing, back into superstition and darkness.

Carl Sagan, from Demon-Haunted World (1995)[24]
Long before the ill-fated tenure process, Cornell University astronomer Thomas Gold had courted Sagan to move to Ithaca, New York and join the faculty at Cornell. Following the denial of tenure from Harvard, Sagan accepted Gold's offer and remained a faculty member at Cornell for nearly 30 years until his death in 1996. Unlike Harvard, the smaller and more laid-back astronomy department at Cornell welcomed Sagan's growing celebrity status.[25] Following two years as an associate professor, Sagan became a full professor at Cornell in 1970, and directed the Laboratory for Planetary Studies there. From 1972 to 1981, he was associate director of the Center for Radiophysics and Space Research (CRSR) at Cornell. In 1976, he became the David Duncan Professor of Astronomy and Space Sciences, a position he held for the remainder of his life.[26]
Sagan was associated with the U.S. space program from its inception. From the 1950s onward, he worked as an advisor to NASA, where one of his duties included briefing the Apollo astronauts before their flights to the Moon. Sagan contributed to many of the robotic spacecraft missions that explored the Solar System, arranging experiments on many of the expeditions. Sagan assembled the first physical message that was sent into space: a gold-anodized plaque, attached to the space probe Pioneer 10, launched in 1972. Pioneer 11, also carrying another copy of the plaque, was launched the following year. He continued to refine his designs; the most elaborate message he helped to develop and assemble was the Voyager Golden Record that was sent out with the Voyager space probes in 1977. Sagan often challenged the decisions to fund the Space Shuttle and the International Space Station at the expense of further robotic missions.[27]
Scientific achievements[edit]
Former student David Morrison describes Sagan as "an 'idea person' and a master of intuitive physical arguments and 'back of the envelope' calculations,"[19] and Gerard Kuiper said that "Some persons work best in specializing on a major program in the laboratory; others are best in liaison between sciences. Dr. Sagan belongs in the latter group."[19]
Sagan's contributions were central to the discovery of the high surface temperatures of the planet Venus.[1][28] In the early 1960s no one knew for certain the basic conditions of that planet's surface, and Sagan listed the possibilities in a report later depicted for popularization in a Time–Life book, Planets. His own view was that Venus was dry and very hot as opposed to the balmy paradise others had imagined. He had investigated radio emissions from Venus and concluded that there was a surface temperature of 500 °C (900 °F). As a visiting scientist to NASA's Jet Propulsion Laboratory, he contributed to the first Mariner missions to Venus, working on the design and management of the project. Mariner 2 confirmed his conclusions on the surface conditions of Venus in 1962.
Sagan was among[clarification needed] the first to hypothesize that Saturn's moon Titan might possess oceans of liquid compounds on its surface and that Jupiter's moon Europa might possess subsurface oceans of water. This would make Europa potentially habitable.[29] Europa's subsurface ocean of water was later indirectly confirmed by the spacecraft Galileo. The mystery of Titan's reddish haze was also solved with Sagan's help. The reddish haze was revealed to be due to complex organic molecules constantly raining down onto Titan's surface.[30]
He further contributed insights regarding the atmospheres of Venus and Jupiter as well as seasonal changes on Mars. He also perceived global warming as a growing, man-made danger and likened it to the natural development of Venus into a hot, life-hostile planet through a kind of runaway greenhouse effect.[31] Sagan and his Cornell colleague Edwin Ernest Salpeter speculated about life in Jupiter's clouds, given the planet's dense atmospheric composition rich in organic molecules. He studied the observed color variations on Mars' surface and concluded that they were not seasonal or vegetational changes as most believed[clarification needed] but shifts in surface dust caused by windstorms.
Sagan is best known, however, for his research on the possibilities of extraterrestrial life, including experimental demonstration of the production of amino acids from basic chemicals by radiation.[32][33]
He is also the 1994 recipient of the Public Welfare Medal, the highest award of the National Academy of Sciences for "distinguished contributions in the application of science to the public welfare".[34] He was denied membership in the Academy, reportedly because his media activities made him unpopular with many other scientists.[35][36][37]
Cosmos: popularizing science on TV[edit]




Sagan in Cosmos (1980)


In 1980 Sagan co-wrote and narrated the award-winning 13-part PBS television series, Cosmos: A Personal Voyage, which became the most widely watched series in the history of American public television. The show has been seen by at least 500 million people across 60 different countries.[2][38][39] The book, Cosmos, written by Sagan, was published to accompany the series.[40]
Because of his earlier popularity as a science writer from his best-selling books, including The Dragons of Eden, which won him a Pulitzer Prize in 1977, he was asked to write and narrate the show. It was targeted to a general audience of viewers who Sagan felt had lost interest in science, partly due to a stifled educational system.[41]
Each of the 13 episodes was created to focus on a particular subject or person, thereby demonstrating the synergy of the universe.[41] They covered a wide range of scientific subjects including the origin of life and a perspective of humans' place on Earth.
The show won an Emmy[42] along with a Peabody Award, and transformed Sagan from an obscure astronomer into a pop-culture icon.[43] Time magazine ran a cover story about Sagan soon after the show broadcast, referring to him as "creator, chief writer and host-narrator of the show.[44] In 2000, "Cosmos" was released on a remastered set of DVDs.
 "Billions and billions"[edit]
See also: Sagan's number




Sagan with a model of the Viking lander that would land on Mars. Sagan examined possible landing sites for Viking along with Mike Carr and Hal Masursky.


From Cosmos, he was invited to frequent appearances on The Tonight Show Starring Johnny Carson.[45] Sagan became jokingly associated with the catchphrase "billions and billions", although he never actually used the phrase in the Cosmos series.[46] He rather used the term "billions upon billions."[47] Carson, however, would sometimes use the phrase during his parodies of Sagan.[48][a]
As a humorous tribute to Sagan and his association with the catchphrase "billions and billions", a sagan has been defined as a unit of measurement equivalent to a very large number of anything.[50][51][52]
Scientific and critical thinking advocacy[edit]

Sagan's ability to convey his ideas allowed many people to understand the cosmos better—simultaneously emphasizing the value and worthiness of the human race, and the relative insignificance of the Earth in comparison to the Universe. He delivered the 1977 series of Royal Institution Christmas Lectures in London.[53]
Sagan was a proponent of the search for extraterrestrial life. He urged the scientific community to listen with radio telescopes for signals from potential intelligent extraterrestrial life-forms. Sagan was so persuasive that by 1982 he was able to get a petition advocating SETI published in the journal Science and signed by 70 scientists, including seven Nobel Prize winners. This signaled a tremendous increase in the respectability of a then-controversial field. Sagan also helped Frank Drake write the Arecibo message, a radio message beamed into space from the Arecibo radio telescope on November 16, 1974, aimed at informing potential extraterrestrials about Earth.
Sagan was chief technology officer of the professional planetary research journal Icarus for twelve years. He co-founded The Planetary Society, and a member of the SETI Institute Board of Trustees. Sagan served as Chairman of the Division for Planetary Science of the American Astronomical Society, as President of the Planetology Section of the American Geophysical Union, and as Chairman of the Astronomy Section of the American Association for the Advancement of Science (AAAS).




The Planetary Society members at the organization's founding. Carl Sagan is seated on the right.


At the height of the Cold War, Sagan became involved in nuclear disarmament efforts by promoting hypotheses on the effects of nuclear war when Paul Crutzen's "Twilight at Noon" concept, suggested that a substantial nuclear exchange could trigger a nuclear twilight and upset the delicate balance of life on Earth by cooling the surface. In 1983 he was one of five authors—the "S"—in the follow-up "TTAPS" model (as the research paper came to be known), which contained the first usage of the term "nuclear winter" which his colleague Richard P. Turco coined.[54][55] In 1984 he co-authored the book The Cold and the Dark: The World after Nuclear War and in 1990 he co-authored the book A Path Where No Man Thought: Nuclear Winter and the End of the Arms Race, which explains the nuclear winter hypothesis and with that advocates nuclear disarmament. Sagan received a great deal of skepticism and disdain for the use of media to disseminate a very uncertain hypothesis. In personal correspondence with Edward Teller c. 1983, although beginning amicably, with Teller expressing support for continued research to ascertain the credibility of the winter hypothesis, Sagan and Teller's correspondence would ultimately result in Teller writing "A propagandist is one who uses incomplete information to produce maximum persuasion. I can compliment you on being, indeed, an excellent propagandist remembering that a propagandist is the better the less he appears to be one".[56] Biographers of Sagan would also comment that from a scientific viewpoint, nuclear winter was a low point for Sagan, although politically speaking it popularized his image amongst the public.[56]
Sagan also wrote books to popularize science, such as Cosmos, which reflected and expanded upon some of the themes of A Personal Voyage and became the best-selling science book ever published in English;[57] The Dragons of Eden: Speculations on the Evolution of Human Intelligence, which won a Pulitzer Prize; and Broca's Brain: Reflections on the Romance of Science. Sagan also wrote the best-selling science fiction novel Contact in 1985, based on a film treatment he wrote with his wife in 1979, but he did not live to see the book's 1997 motion picture adaptation, which starred Jodie Foster and won the 1998 Hugo Award for Best Dramatic Presentation.




Pale Blue Dot: Earth is a bright pixel when photographed from Voyager 1 six billion kilometers out (beyond Pluto). Sagan encouraged NASA to generate this image.

from Pale Blue Dot (1994)

"On it, everyone you ever heard of...The aggregate of all our joys and sufferings, thousands of confident religions, ideologies and economic doctrines, every hunter and forager, every hero and coward, every creator and destroyer of civilizations, every king and peasant, every young couple in love, every hopeful child, every mother and father, every inventor and explorer, every teacher of morals, every corrupt politician, every superstar, every supreme leader, every saint and sinner in the history of our species, lived there on a mote of dust, suspended in a sunbeam. . . .

Think of the rivers of blood spilled by all those generals and emperors so that in glory and triumph they could become the momentary masters of a fraction of a dot."

Carl Sagan, Cornell lecture in 1994[58]



He wrote a sequel to Cosmos, Pale Blue Dot: A Vision of the Human Future in Space, which was selected as a notable book of 1995 by The New York Times. He appeared on PBS' Charlie Rose program in January 1995.[27] Sagan also wrote the introduction for Stephen Hawking's bestseller, A Brief History of Time. Sagan was also known for his popularization of science, his efforts to increase scientific understanding among the general public, and his positions in favor of scientific skepticism and against pseudoscience, such as his debunking of the Betty and Barney Hill abduction. To mark the tenth anniversary of Sagan's death, David Morrison, a former student of Sagan's, recalled "Sagan's immense contributions to planetary research, the public understanding of science, and the skeptical movement" in Skeptical Inquirer.[19]
Following Saddam Hussein's threats to light Kuwait's oil wells on fire in response to any physical challenge to Iraqi control of the oil assets, Sagan together with his "TTAPS" colleagues and Paul Crutzen, warned in January 1991 in the Baltimore Sun and Wilmington Morning Star newspapers that if the fires were left to burn over a period of several months, enough smoke from the 600 or so 1991 Kuwaiti oil fires "might get so high as to disrupt agriculture in much of South Asia ..." and that this possibility should "affect the war plans";[59][60] these claims were also the subject of a televised debate between Sagan and physicist Fred Singer on 22 January, aired on the ABC News program Nightline.[61][62]




Sagan admitted he had overestimated the danger posed by the 1991 Kuwaiti oil fires.


In the televised debate, Sagan argued that the effects of the smoke would be similar to the effects of a nuclear winter, with Singer arguing to the contrary. After the debate, the fires burnt for many months before extinguishing efforts were complete. The results of the smoke did not produce continental-sized cooling. Sagan later conceded in The Demon-Haunted World that the prediction did not turn out to be correct: "it was pitch black at noon and temperatures dropped 4°–6° C over the Persian Gulf, but not much smoke reached stratospheric altitudes and Asia was spared".[63]
In his later years Sagan advocated the creation of an organized search for asteroids/near-Earth objects (NEO) that might impact the Earth but to forestall or postpone developing the technological methods that would be needed to defend against them.[64] He argued that all of the numerous methods proposed to alter the orbit of an asteroid, including the employment of nuclear detonations, created a Deflection Dilemma: if the ability to deflect an asteroid away from the Earth exists, then one would also have the ability to divert a non-threatening object towards Earth, creating an immensely destructive weapon.[65][66] In a 1994 paper, he co-authored, he ridiculed a 3-day long "Near-Earth Object Interception Workshop" held by LANL in 1993 that did not, "even in passing" state that such interception and deflection technologies could have these "ancillary dangers".[65]
Sagan however was hopeful that the natural NEO impact threat and the intrinsically double-edged essence, of the methods to prevent these threats, would serve as a "new and potent motivation to maturing international relations".[65][67] Later acknowledging that, with sufficient international oversight, in the future a "work our way up" approach to fielding nuclear explosive deflection methods could be fielded, and when sufficient knowledge was gained, to use them to aid in mining asteroids.[66] His interest in the use of nuclear detonations in space grew out of his work in 1958 for the Armour Research Foundation's Project A119, concerning the possibility of detonating a nuclear device on the Lunar surface.[68]
Sagan was a critic of Plato, having said of the ancient Greek philosopher: "Science and mathematics were to be removed from the hands of the merchants and the artisans. This tendency found its most effective advocate in a follower of Pythagoras named Plato" and

He (Plato) believed that ideas were far more real than the natural world. He advised the astronomers not to waste their time observing the stars and planets. It was better, he believed, just to think about them. Plato expressed hostility to observation and experiment. He taught contempt for the real world and disdain for the practical application of scientific knowledge. Plato's followers succeeded in extinguishing the light of science and experiment that had been kindled by Democritus and the other Ionians.[69]

Popularizing science[edit]
Speaking about his activities in popularizing science, Sagan said that there were at least two reasons for scientists to share the purposes of science and its contemporary state. Simple self-interest was one: much of the funding for science came from the public, and the public therefore had the right to know how the money was being spent. If scientists increased public admiration for science, there was a good chance of having more public supporters.[clarification needed] The other reason was the excitement of communicating one's own excitement about science to others.[70]
Criticisms[edit]
While Sagan was widely adored by the general public, his reputation in the scientific community was more polarized.[71] Critics sometimes characterized his work as fanciful, non-rigorous, and self-aggrandizing,[72] and others complained in his later years that he neglected his role as a faculty member to foster his celebrity status.[73]
One of Sagan's harshest critics, Harold Urey, felt that Sagan was getting too much publicity for a scientist and was treating some scientific theories too casually.[74] Urey and Sagan were said to have different philosophies of science, according to Davidson. While Urey was an "old-time empiricist" who avoided theorizing about the unknown, Sagan was by contrast willing to speculate openly about such matters.[75] Fred Whipple wanted Harvard to keep Sagan there, but learned that because Urey was a Nobel laureate, his opinion was an important factor in Harvard denying Sagan tenure.[74]
Sagan's Harvard friend Lester Grinspoon also stated, "I know Harvard well enough to know there are people there who certainly do not like people" who are outspoken.[74] Grinspoon added:

Wherever you turned, there was one astronomer being quoted on everything, one astronomer whose face you were seeing on TV, and one astronomer whose books had the preferred display slot at the local bookstore.[74]

Some, like Urey, later came to realize Sagan's popular brand of scientific advocacy was beneficial to the science as a whole.[76] Urey especially liked Sagan's 1977 book, The Dragons of Eden, and wrote Sagan with his opinion: "I like it very much and am amazed that someone like you has such an intimate knowledge of the various features of the problem...I congratulate you...You are a man of many talents."[76]
Sagan was accused of borrowing some ideas of others for his own benefit, while Sagan countered these claims by explaining that the misappropriation was an unfortunate side effect of his role as a science communicator and explainer, and that he attempted to give proper credit whenever possible.[74]
Social concerns[edit]
Sagan believed that the Drake equation, on substitution of reasonable estimates, suggested that a large number of extraterrestrial civilizations would form, but that the lack of evidence of such civilizations highlighted by the Fermi paradox suggests technological civilizations tend to self-destruct. This stimulated his interest in identifying and publicizing ways that humanity could destroy itself, with the hope of avoiding such a cataclysm and eventually becoming a spacefaring species. Sagan's deep concern regarding the potential destruction of human civilization in a nuclear holocaust was conveyed in a memorable cinematic sequence in the final episode of Cosmos, called "Who Speaks for Earth?" Sagan had already resigned[date missing] from the Air Force Scientific Advisory Board's UFO investigating Condon Committee and voluntarily surrendered his top secret clearance in protest over the Vietnam War.[77] Following his marriage to his third wife (novelist Ann Druyan) in June 1981, Sagan became more politically active—particularly in opposing escalation of the nuclear arms race under President Ronald Reagan.




The United States and Soviet Union/Russia nuclear stockpiles, in total number of nuclear bombs/warheads in existence throughout the Cold War and post-Cold War era.


In March 1983, Reagan announced the Strategic Defense Initiative—a multibillion-dollar project to develop a comprehensive defense against attack by nuclear missiles, which was quickly dubbed the "Star Wars" program. Sagan spoke out against the project, arguing that it was technically impossible to develop a system with the level of perfection required, and far more expensive to build such a system than it would be for an enemy to defeat it through decoys and other means—and that its construction would seriously destabilize the "nuclear balance" between the United States and the Soviet Union, making further progress toward nuclear disarmament impossible.[78]
When Soviet leader Mikhail Gorbachev declared a unilateral moratorium on the testing of nuclear weapons, which would begin on August 6, 1985—the 40th anniversary of the atomic bombing of Hiroshima—the Reagan administration dismissed the dramatic move as nothing more than propaganda, and refused to follow suit. In response, US anti-nuclear and peace activists staged a series of protest actions at the Nevada Test Site, beginning on Easter Sunday in 1986 and continuing through 1987. Hundreds of people in the "Nevada Desert Experience" group were arrested, including Sagan, who was arrested on two separate occasions as he climbed over a chain-link fence at the test site during the underground Operation Charioteer and United States's Musketeer nuclear test series of detonations.[79]
Sagan was also a vocal advocate of the controversial notion of testosterone poisoning, arguing in 1992 that human males could become gripped by an "unusually severe [case of] testosterone poisoning" and this could compel them to become genocidal.[80] In his review of Moondance magazine writer Daniela Gioseffi's 1990 book Women on War, he argues that females are the only half of humanity "untainted by testosterone poisoning".[81] One chapter of his 1993 book, Shadows of Forgotten Ancestors is dedicated to testosterone and its alleged poisonous effects.[82]
Personal life and beliefs[edit]


"I have just finished The Cosmic Connection and loved every word of it. You are my idea of a good writer because you have an unmannered style, and when I read what you write, I hear you talking. One thing about the book made me nervous. It was entirely too obvious that you are smarter than I am. I hate that."

Isaac Asimov, in letter to Sagan, 1973[83][84]
Sagan was married three times. In 1957, he married biologist Lynn Margulis. The couple had two children, Jeremy and Dorion Sagan. After Carl Sagan and Margulis divorced, he married artist Linda Salzman in 1968 and they also had a child together, Nick Sagan. During these marriages, Carl Sagan focused heavily on his career, a factor which may have contributed to Sagan's first divorce.[19] In 1981, Sagan married author Ann Druyan and they later had two children, Alexandra and Samuel Sagan. Carl Sagan and Druyan remained married until his death in 1996. He lived in an Egyptian revival house in Ithaca perched on the edge of a cliff that had formerly been the headquarters of a Cornell secret society.[85]
Isaac Asimov described Sagan as one of only two people he ever met whose intellect surpassed his own. The other, he claimed, was the computer scientist and artificial intelligence expert Marvin Minsky.[86]
Sagan wrote frequently about religion and the relationship between religion and science, expressing his skepticism about the conventional conceptualization of God as a sapient being. For example:

Some people think God is an outsized, light-skinned male with a long white beard, sitting on a throne somewhere up there in the sky, busily tallying the fall of every sparrow. Others—for example Baruch Spinoza and Albert Einstein—considered God to be essentially the sum total of the physical laws which describe the universe. I do not know of any compelling evidence for anthropomorphic patriarchs controlling human destiny from some hidden celestial vantage point, but it would be madness to deny the existence of physical laws.[87]

In another description of his view on the concept of God, Sagan emphatically wrote:

The idea that God is an oversized white male with a flowing beard who sits in the sky and tallies the fall of every sparrow is ludicrous. But if by God one means the set of physical laws that govern the universe, then clearly there is such a God. This God is emotionally unsatisfying ... it does not make much sense to pray to the law of gravity.[88]

On atheism, Sagan commented in 1981:

An atheist is someone who is certain that God does not exist, someone who has compelling evidence against the existence of God. I know of no such compelling evidence. Because God can be relegated to remote times and places and to ultimate causes, we would have to know a great deal more about the universe than we do now to be sure that no such God exists. To be certain of the existence of God and to be certain of the nonexistence of God seem to me to be the confident extremes in a subject so riddled with doubt and uncertainty as to inspire very little confidence indeed.[89]

Sagan also commented on Christianity and the Jefferson Bible, stating "My long-time view about Christianity is that it represents an amalgam of two seemingly immiscible parts, the religion of Jesus and the religion of Paul. Thomas Jefferson attempted to excise the Pauline parts of the New Testament. There wasn't much left when he was done, but it was an inspiring document."[90]
Regarding spirituality and its relationship with science, Sagan stated:

'Spirit' comes from the Latin word 'to breathe'. What we breathe is air, which is certainly matter, however thin. Despite usage to the contrary, there is no necessary implication in the word 'spiritual' that we are talking of anything other than matter (including the matter of which the brain is made), or anything outside the realm of science. On occasion, I will feel free to use the word. Science is not only compatible with spirituality; it is a profound source of spirituality. When we recognize our place in an immensity of light-years and in the passage of ages, when we grasp the intricacy, beauty, and subtlety of life, then that soaring feeling, that sense of elation and humility combined, is surely spiritual.[91]

An environmental appeal, "Preserving and Cherishing the Earth", signed by Sagan with other noted scientists in January 1990, stated that "The historical record makes clear that religious teaching, example, and leadership are powerfully able to influence personal conduct and commitment... Thus, there is a vital role for religion and science."
In reply to a question in 1996 about his religious beliefs, Sagan answered, "I'm agnostic."[92] Sagan maintained that the idea of a creator God of the Universe was difficult to prove or disprove and that the only conceivable scientific discovery that could challenge it would be an infinitely old universe.[93] Sagan's views on religion have been interpreted as a form of pantheism comparable to Einstein's belief in Spinoza's God.[94] His son, Dorion Sagan said, "My father believed in the God of Spinoza and Einstein, God not behind nature but as nature, equivalent to it."[95] His last wife, Ann Druyan, stated:

When my husband died, because he was so famous and known for not being a believer, many people would come up to me—it still sometimes happens—and ask me if Carl changed at the end and converted to a belief in an afterlife. They also frequently ask me if I think I will see him again. Carl faced his death with unflagging courage and never sought refuge in illusions. The tragedy was that we knew we would never see each other again. I don't ever expect to be reunited with Carl.[96]

In 2006, Ann Druyan edited Sagan's 1985 Glasgow Gifford Lectures in Natural Theology into a book, The Varieties of Scientific Experience: A Personal View of the Search for God, in which he elaborates on his views of divinity in the natural world.




Carl Sagan (center) speaks with CDC employees in 1988.


Sagan is also widely regarded as a freethinker or skeptic; one of his most famous quotations, in Cosmos, was, "Extraordinary claims require extraordinary evidence"[97] (called the "Sagan Standard" by some[98]). This was based on a nearly identical statement by fellow founder of the Committee for the Scientific Investigation of Claims of the Paranormal, Marcello Truzzi, "An extraordinary claim requires extraordinary proof."[99][100] This idea had been earlier aphorized in Théodore Flournoy's work From India to the Planet Mars (1899) from a longer quote by Pierre-Simon Laplace (1749–1827), a French mathematician and astronomer, as the Principle of Laplace: "The weight of the evidence should be proportioned to the strangeness of the facts."[101]
Late in his life, Sagan's books elaborated on his skeptical, naturalistic view of the world. In The Demon-Haunted World, he presented tools for testing arguments and detecting fallacious or fraudulent ones, essentially advocating wide use of critical thinking and the scientific method. The compilation Billions and Billions: Thoughts on Life and Death at the Brink of the Millennium, published in 1997 after Sagan's death, contains essays written by Sagan, such as his views on abortion, and his widow Ann Druyan's account of his death as a skeptic, agnostic, and freethinker.
Sagan warned against humans' tendency towards anthropocentrism. He was the faculty adviser for the Cornell Students for the Ethical Treatment of Animals. In the Cosmos chapter "Blues For a Red Planet", Sagan wrote, "If there is life on Mars, I believe we should do nothing with Mars. Mars then belongs to the Martians, even if the Martians are only microbes."[102]
Sagan was a user and advocate of marijuana. Under the pseudonym "Mr. X", he contributed an essay about smoking cannabis to the 1971 book Marihuana Reconsidered.[103][104] The essay explained that marijuana use had helped to inspire some of Sagan's works and enhance sensual and intellectual experiences. After Sagan's death, his friend Lester Grinspoon disclosed this information to Sagan's biographer, Keay Davidson. The publishing of the biography, Carl Sagan: A Life, in 1999 brought media attention to this aspect of Sagan's life.[105][106][107] Not long after his death, widow Ann Druyan had gone on to preside over the board of directors of the National Organization for the Reform of Marijuana Laws (NORML), a non-profit organization dedicated to reforming cannabis laws.[108][109]
In 1994, engineers at Apple Computer code-named the Power Macintosh 7100 "Carl Sagan" in the hope that Apple would make "billions and billions" with the sale of the PowerMac 7100.[5] The name was only used internally, but Sagan was concerned that it would become a product endorsement and sent Apple a cease-and-desist letter. Apple complied, but engineers retaliated by changing the internal codename to "BHA" for “Butt-Head Astronomer”.[110][111] Sagan then sued Apple for libel in federal court. The court granted Apple's motion to dismiss Sagan's claims and opined in dicta that a reader aware of the context would understand Apple was "clearly attempting to retaliate in a humorous and satirical way", and that "It strains reason to conclude that Defendant was attempting to criticize Plaintiff's reputation or competency as an astronomer. One does not seriously attack the expertise of a scientist using the undefined phrase 'butt-head'."[110][112] Sagan then sued for Apple's original use of his name and likeness, but again lost.[113] Sagan appealed the ruling.[113] In November 1995, an out-of-court settlement was reached and Apple's office of trademarks and patents released a conciliatory statement that "Apple has always had great respect for Dr. Sagan. It was never Apple's intention to cause Dr. Sagan or his family any embarrassment or concern."[114] Apple's third and final code name for the project was "LAW", short for "Lawyers are Wimps".[111]
Sagan briefly served as an adviser on Stanley Kubrick's film 2001: A Space Odyssey.[7]:168 Sagan proposed that the film suggest, rather than depict, extraterrestrial superintelligence.[115]
Sagan and UFOs[edit]
In 1947, the year that inaugurated the "flying saucer" craze, the young Sagan suspected the "discs" might be alien spaceships.[9]
Sagan's interest in UFO reports prompted him on August 3, 1952, to write a letter to U.S. Secretary of State Dean Acheson to ask how the United States would respond if flying saucers turned out to be extraterrestrial.[7]:51–52 He later had several conversations on the subject in 1964 with Jacques Vallée.[116] Though quite skeptical of any extraordinary answer to the UFO question, Sagan thought scientists should study the phenomenon, at least because there was widespread public interest in UFO reports.
Stuart Appelle notes that Sagan "wrote frequently on what he perceived as the logical and empirical fallacies regarding UFOs and the abduction experience. Sagan rejected an extraterrestrial explanation for the phenomenon but felt there were both empirical and pedagogical benefits for examining UFO reports and that the subject was, therefore, a legitimate topic of study."[117]
In 1966 Sagan was a member of the Ad Hoc Committee to Review Project Blue Book, the U.S. Air Force's UFO investigation project. The committee concluded Blue Book had been lacking as a scientific study, and recommended a university-based project to give the UFO phenomenon closer scientific scrutiny. The result was the Condon Committee (1966–68), led by physicist Edward Condon, and in their final report they formally concluded that UFOs, regardless of what any of them actually were, did not behave in a manner consistent with a threat to national security.
Sociologist Ron Westrum writes that "The high point of Sagan's treatment of the UFO question was the AAAS' symposium in 1969. A wide range of educated opinions on the subject were offered by participants, including not only proponents such as James McDonald and J. Allen Hynek but also skeptics like astronomers William Hartmann and Donald Menzel. The roster of speakers was balanced, and it is to Sagan's credit that this event was presented in spite of pressure from Edward Condon."[116] With physicist Thornton Page, Sagan edited the lectures and discussions given at the symposium; these were published in 1972 as UFO's: A Scientific Debate. Some of Sagan's many books examine UFOs (as did one episode of Cosmos) and he claimed a religious undercurrent to the phenomenon.
Sagan again revealed his views on interstellar travel in his 1980 Cosmos series. In one of his last written works, Sagan argued that the chances of extraterrestrial spacecraft visiting Earth are vanishingly small. However, Sagan did think it plausible that Cold War concerns contributed to governments misleading their citizens about UFOs, and wrote that "some UFO reports and analyses, and perhaps voluminous files, have been made inaccessible to the public which pays the bills ... It's time for the files to be declassified and made generally available." He cautioned against jumping to conclusions about suppressed UFO data and stressed that there was no strong evidence that aliens were visiting the Earth either in the past or present.[118]
Sagan's Paradox
Sagan's contribution to the 1969 symposium was an attack on the belief that UFOs are piloted by extraterrestrial beings: Applying several logical assumptions (see Drake equation), Sagan calculated the possible number of advanced civilizations capable of interstellar travel to be about one million. He projected that any civilization wishing to check on all the others on a regular basis of, say, once a year would have to launch 10,000 spacecraft annually. Not only does that seem like an unreasonable number of launchings, but it would take all the material in one percent of the universe's stars to produce all the spaceships needed for all the civilizations to seek each other out.
To argue that the earth was being chosen for regular visitations, Sagan said, one would have to assume that the planet is somehow unique. And that assumption "goes exactly against the idea that there are lots of civilizations around. Because if there are then our sort of civilization must be pretty common. And if we're not pretty common then there aren't going to be many civilizations advanced enough to send visitors."
This argument, which some called "Sagan's paradox," helped to establish a new school of thought: the belief that extraterrestrial life exists but has nothing to do with UFOs. The new belief had a salutary effect on UFO studies. It helped separate researchers who wanted to identify unidentified flying objects from those who wanted to identify their pilots. And it gave scientists opportunities to search the universe for intelligent life unencumbered by the stigma associated with UFOs.[119]
Death[edit]




Stone dedicated to Carl Sagan in the Celebrity Path of the Brooklyn Botanic Garden


After suffering from myelodysplasia for two years, and receiving three bone marrow transplants from his sister Cari, Sagan died of pneumonia at the age of 62, at the Fred Hutchinson Cancer Research Center in Seattle, Washington, in the early morning of December 20, 1996.[120] Burial took place at Lakeview Cemetery in Ithaca, New York.[121]
Posthumous recognition[edit]
The 1997 movie Contact, based on Sagan's novel of the same name and finished after his death, ends with the dedication "For Carl". His photo can also be seen at 59:23 in the film.
In 1997 the Sagan Planet Walk was opened in Ithaca, New York. It is a walking-scale model of the Solar System, extending 1.2 km from the center of The Commons in downtown Ithaca to the Sciencenter, a hands-on museum. The exhibition was created in memory of Carl Sagan, who was an Ithaca resident and Cornell Professor. Professor Sagan had been a founding member of the museum's advisory board.[122]
The landing site of the unmanned Mars Pathfinder spacecraft was renamed the Carl Sagan Memorial Station on July 5, 1997. Asteroid 2709 Sagan is named in his honor, as is the Carl Sagan Institute for the search of habitable planets.
Sagan's son, Nick Sagan, wrote several episodes in the Star Trek franchise. In an episode of Star Trek: Enterprise entitled "Terra Prime", a quick shot is shown of the relic rover Sojourner, part of the Mars Pathfinder mission, placed by a historical marker at Carl Sagan Memorial Station on the Martian surface. The marker displays a quote from Sagan: "Whatever the reason you're on Mars, I'm glad you're there, and I wish I was with you." Sagan's student Steve Squyres led the team that landed the rovers Spirit and Opportunity successfully on Mars in 2004.
On November 9, 2001, on what would have been Sagan's 67th birthday, the Ames Research Center dedicated the site for the Carl Sagan Center for the Study of Life in the Cosmos. "Carl was an incredible visionary, and now his legacy can be preserved and advanced by a 21st century research and education laboratory committed to enhancing our understanding of life in the universe and furthering the cause of space exploration for all time", said NASA Administrator Daniel Goldin. Ann Druyan was at the Center as it opened its doors on October 22, 2006.
Sagan has at least three awards named in his honor:

The Carl Sagan Memorial Award presented jointly since 1997 by the American Astronomical Society and The Planetary Society,
The Carl Sagan Medal for Excellence in Public Communication in Planetary Science presented since 1998 by the American Astronomical Society's Division for Planetary Sciences (AAS/DPS) for outstanding communication by an active planetary scientist to the general public—Carl Sagan was one of the original organizing committee members of the DPS, and
The Carl Sagan Award for Public Understanding of Science presented by the Council of Scientific Society Presidents (CSSP)—Sagan was the first recipient of the CSSP award in 1993.[123]

August 2007 the Independent Investigations Group (IIG) awarded Sagan posthumously a Lifetime Achievement Award. This honor has also been awarded to Harry Houdini and James Randi.[124]
Beginning in 2009, a musical project known as Symphony of Science sampled several excerpts of Sagan from his series Cosmos and remixed them to electronic music. To date, the videos have received over 21 million views worldwide on YouTube.[125]
The 2014 Swedish science fiction short film Wanderers uses excerpts of Sagan's narration of his book Pale Blue Dot, played over digitally-created visuals of humanity's possible future expansion into outer space.[126][127]
In February 2015, the Finnish-based symphonic metal band Nightwish released the song "Sagan" as a non-album bonus track for their single "Élan".[128] The song, written by the band's songwriter/composer/keyboardist Tuomas Holopainen, is an homage to the life and work of the late Carl Sagan.
In August 2015, it was announced that a biopic of Sagan's life was being planned by Warner Bros.[129]
Awards and honors[edit]


NASA Distinguished Public Service Medal




Annual Award for Television Excellence—1981—Ohio State University—PBS series Cosmos: A Personal Voyage
Apollo Achievement Award—National Aeronautics and Space Administration
NASA Distinguished Public Service Medal—National Aeronautics and Space Administration (1977)
Emmy—Outstanding Individual Achievement—1981—PBS series Cosmos: A Personal Voyage[42]
Emmy—Outstanding Informational Series—1981—PBS series Cosmos: A Personal Voyage[42]
Exceptional Scientific Achievement Medal—National Aeronautics and Space Administration
Helen Caldicott Leadership Award – Awarded by Women's Action for Nuclear Disarmament
Hugo Award—1981—Best Dramatic Presentation—Cosmos: A Personal Voyage
Hugo Award—1981—Best Related Non-Fiction Book—Cosmos
Hugo Award—1998—Best Dramatic Presentation—Contact
Humanist of the Year—1981—Awarded by the American Humanist Association[130]
American Philosophical Society—1995—Elected to membership.[131]
In Praise of Reason Award—1987—Committee for Skeptical Inquiry [132]
Isaac Asimov Award—1994—Committee for Skeptical Inquiry[133]
John F. Kennedy Astronautics Award—1982—American Astronautical Society[134]
Special non-fiction Campbell Memorial Award—1974—The Cosmic Connection: An Extraterrestrial Perspective[135]
Joseph Priestley Award—"For distinguished contributions to the welfare of mankind"[136]
Klumpke-Roberts Award of the Astronomical Society of the Pacific—1974
Konstantin Tsiolkovsky Medal—Awarded by the Soviet Cosmonauts Federation
Locus Award 1986—Contact
Lowell Thomas Award—The Explorers Club—75th Anniversary
Masursky Award—American Astronomical Society
Miller Research Fellowship—Miller Institute (1960–1962)
Oersted Medal—1990—American Association of Physics Teachers
Peabody Award—1980—PBS series Cosmos: A Personal Voyage
Le Prix Galabert d’astronautique—International Astronautical Federation (IAF)[citation needed]
Public Welfare Medal—1994—National Academy of Sciences[137]
Pulitzer Prize for General Non-Fiction—1978—The Dragons of Eden
Science Fiction Chronicle Award—1998—Dramatic Presentation—Contact
Named the "99th Greatest American" on June 5, 2005, Greatest American television series on the Discovery Channel[citation needed]
Named an honorary member of the Demosthenian Literary Society on November 10, 2011
New Jersey Hall of Fame—2009—Inductee.[138]
Committee for Skeptical Inquiry (CSI) Pantheon of Skeptics—April 2011—Inductee[b][140]


Publications[edit]


Sagan, Carl; Leonard, Jonathan Norton (1966). Planets. Life Science Library. Editors of Life. New York: Time Inc. LCCN 66022436. OCLC 346361. 
——; Shklovskii, I.S. (1966) [Originally published 1962 as Вселенная, жизнь, разум; Moscow: USSR Academy of Sciences Publisher]. Intelligent Life in the Universe. Authorized translation by Paula Fern. San Francisco: Holden-Day, Inc. LCCN 64018404. OCLC 317314. 
——; Page, Thornton, eds. (1972). UFO's: A Scientific Debate. Ithaca, NY: Cornell University Press. ISBN 0-801-40740-0. LCCN 72004572. OCLC 415373. 
——, ed. (1973). Communication with Extraterrestrial Intelligence (CETI). Cambridge, MA: MIT Press. ISBN 0-262-19106-7. LCCN 73013999. OCLC 700752. 
——; Bradbury, Ray; Clarke, Arthur C.; et al. (1973). Mars and the Mind of Man (1st ed.). New York: Harper & Row. ISBN 0-060-10443-0. LCCN 72009746. OCLC 613541. 
—— (1973). The Cosmic Connection: An Extraterrestrial Perspective. Produced by Jerome Agel (1st ed.). Garden City, NY: Anchor Press. ISBN 0-385-00457-5. LCCN 73081117. OCLC 756158. 
—— (1975). Other Worlds. Produced by Jerome Agel. Toronto, NY: Bantam Books. ISBN 0-552-66439-1. OCLC 3029556. 
—— (1977). The Dragons of Eden: Speculations on the Evolution of Human Intelligence (1st ed.). New York: Random House. ISBN 0-394-41045-9. LCCN 76053472. OCLC 2922889. 
——; Drake, F. D.; Lomberg, Jon; et al. (1978). Murmurs of Earth: The Voyager Interstellar Record (1st ed.). New York: Random House. ISBN 0-394-41047-5. LCCN 77005991. OCLC 4037611. 
—— (1979). Broca's Brain: Reflections on the Romance of Science (1st ed.). New York: Random House. ISBN 0-394-50169-1. LCCN 78021810. OCLC 4493944. 
—— (1980). Cosmos (1st ed.). New York: Random House. ISBN 0-394-50294-9. LCCN 80005286. OCLC 6280573. 
——; Ehrlich, Paul R.; Kennedy, Donald; et al. (1984). The Cold and the Dark: The World after Nuclear War: The Conference on the Long-Term Worldwide Biological Consequences of Nuclear War. Foreword by Lewis Thomas (1st ed.). New York: W. W. Norton & Company. ISBN 0-393-01870-9. LCCN 84006070. OCLC 10697281. 
——; Druyan, Ann (1985). Comet (1st ed.). New York: Random House. ISBN 0-394-54908-2. LCCN 85008308. OCLC 811602694. 
—— (1985). Contact: A Novel. New York: Simon & Schuster. ISBN 0-671-43400-4. LCCN 85014645. OCLC 12344811. 
——; Turco, Richard (1990). A Path Where No Man Thought: Nuclear Winter and the End of the Arms Race (1st ed.). New York: Random House. ISBN 0-394-58307-8. LCCN 89043155. OCLC 20217496. 
——; Druyan, Ann (1992). Shadows of Forgotten Ancestors: A Search for Who We Are (1st ed.). New York: Random House. ISBN 0-394-53481-6. LCCN 92050155. OCLC 25675747. 
Sagan, Carl; Turco, Richard P. (November 1993). "Nuclear Winter in the Post-Cold War Era". Journal of Peace Research. Sage Publications, Ltd. 30 (4): 369–373. Retrieved 9 June 2017. 
—— (1994). Pale Blue Dot: A Vision of the Human Future in Space (1st ed.). New York: Random House. ISBN 0-679-43841-6. LCCN 94018121. OCLC 30736355. 
—— (1995). The Demon-Haunted World: Science as a Candle in the Dark (1st ed.). New York: Random House. ISBN 0-394-53512-X. LCCN 95034076. OCLC 779687822.  (Note: errata slip inserted.)
——; Druyan, Ann (1997). Billions and Billions: Thoughts on Life and Death at the Brink of the Millennium (1st ed.). New York: Random House. ISBN 0-679-41160-7. LCCN 96052730. OCLC 36066119. 
—— (2006) [Edited from 1985 Gifford Lectures, University of Glasgow]. Druyan, Ann, ed. The Varieties of Scientific Experience: A Personal View of the Search for God. New York: Penguin Press. ISBN 1-59420-107-2. LCCN 2006044827. OCLC 69021064. 


See also[edit]

List of peace activists
Sagan effect
Neil deGrasse Tyson

Notes[edit]



^ Richard Feynman, a precursor to Sagan, was observed to have used the phrase "billions and billions" many times in his "red books". However, Sagan's frequent use of the word billions, and distinctive delivery emphasizing the "b" (which he did intentionally, in place of more cumbersome alternatives such as "billions with a 'b'", in order to distinguish the word from "millions"),[46] made him a favorite target of comic performers, including Johnny Carson,[49] Gary Kroeger, Mike Myers, Bronson Pinchot, Penn Jillette, Harry Shearer, and others. Frank Zappa satirized the line in the song "Be in My Video", noting as well "atomic light". Sagan took this all in good humor, and his final book was entitled Billions and Billions, which opened with a tongue-in-cheek discussion of this catchphrase, observing that Carson was an amateur astronomer and that Carson's comic caricature often included real science.[46]
^ CSI was formerly CSICOP, the Committee for the Scientific Investigation of Claims of the Paranormal.[139]



References[edit]


^ a b Sagan, Carl; Head, Tom (2006). Conversations with Carl Sagan (illustrated ed.). Univ. Press of Mississippi. p. 14. ISBN 978-1-57806-736-7.  Extract of page 14
^ a b "StarChild: Dr. Carl Sagan". StarChild. NASA. Retrieved October 8, 2009. 
^ The Seth MacFarlane Collection of the Carl Sagan and Ann Druyan Archive: A Finding Aid to the Collection in the Library of Congress (PDF). Manuscript Division, Library of Congress. 2013. 
^ Lowensohn, Josh (February 4, 2014). "Massive Carl Sagan archive posted by Library of Congress". The Verge. Retrieved 16 January 2016. 
^ a b Poundstone 1999, pp. 363–364, 374–375
^ "Carl Sagan". Internet Accuracy Project. Grandville, MI: Internet Accuracy Project. Retrieved August 22, 2012. 
^ a b c d e f g h i j k l m n o p q r s t u v Davidson 1999
^ a b c Spangenburg & Moser 2004, pp. 2–5
^ a b c "American National Biography Online, Carl Sagan". 
^ a b c Poundstone 1999, p. 15
^ a b Poundstone 1999, p. 14
^ "Ryerson Astronomical Society". Ryerson Astronomical Society (RAS). University of Chicago Department of Astronomy and Astrophysics. Retrieved August 22, 2012. 
^ Sagan, Carl (June 1960), Physical Studies of the Planets (dissertation), University of Chicago, p. ii, A thesis in four parts submitted in partial fulfillment of the requirements for the degree of Doctor of Philosophy in the Department of Astronomy, University of Chicago, June, 1960. 
^ "Graduate students receive first Sagan teaching awards". University of Chicago Chronicle. University of Chicago News Office. 13 (6). November 11, 1993. Retrieved August 30, 2013. 
^ Head 2006, p. xxi
^ Spangenburg & Moser 2004, p. 28
^ Tatarewicz, Joseph N. (1990), Space Technology & Planetary Astronomy, Science, technology, and society, Bloomington, IN: Indiana University Press, p. 22, ISBN 0-253-35655-5 
^ Lunar Exploration, by Paolo Ulivi (2004)
^ a b c d e f Morrison, David (January–February 2007). "Carl Sagan's Life and Legacy as Scientist, Teacher, and Skeptic". Skeptical Inquirer. Amherst, NY: Committee for Skeptical Inquiry. 31.1: 29–38. ISSN 0194-6730. Retrieved August 31, 2013. 
^ Reiffel, Leonard (4 May 2000). "Sagan breached security by revealing US work on a lunar bomb project". Nature. 405 (13): Correspondence. doi:10.1038/35011148. 
^ "Happy (Belated) Birthday Carl!". University of California, Berkeley The Berkeley Science Review. Retrieved December 1, 2013. 
^ a b Davidson, Keay (1999). Carl Sagan:A life. John Wiley & Sons. p. 138. ISBN 0-471-25286-7. 
^ Davidson, Keay (1999). Carl Sagan:A life. John Wiley & Sons. p. 204. ISBN 0-471-25286-7. 
^ Sagan, Carl. Demon-Haunted World: Science as a Candle in the Dark, Balantine Books (1996) p. 25
^ Davidson, Keay (1999). Carl Sagan:A life. John Wiley & Sons. p. 213. ISBN 0-471-25286-7. 
^ Sagan, Carl; Head, Tom (2006). Conversations with Carl Sagan (illustrated ed.). Univ. Press of Mississippi. p. xxi. ISBN 978-1-57806-736-7.  Extract of page xxi
^ a b Sagan, Carl (January 5, 1995). "An Interview with Carl Sagan". Charlie Rose (Interview). New York: PBS. Retrieved August 30, 2013. 
^ Pierrehumbert, Raymond T. (2010). Principles of Planetary Climate. Cambridge University Press. p. 202. ISBN 978-1-139-49506-6.  Extract of page 202
^ Much of Sagan's research in the field of planetary science is outlined by William Poundstone. Poundstone's biography of Sagan includes an 8-page list of Sagan's scientific articles published from 1957 to 1998. Detailed information about Sagan's scientific work comes from the primary research articles. Example: Sagan, C.; Thompson, W.R.; Khare, B.N. (1992). "Titan: A Laboratory for Prebiological Organic Chemistry". Accounts of Chemical Research. Washington, D.C.: American Chemical Society. 25 (7): 286–292. doi:10.1021/ar00019a003.  There is commentary on this research article about Titan at David J. Darling's The Encyclopedia of Science.
^ Pafumi, G.R. (2010). Is Our Vision of God Obsolete?: Often What We Believe is not What We Observe. Bloomington, IN: Xlibris. p. 338. ISBN 978-1-4415-9041-1. OCLC 710798384. Retrieved August 30, 2013. 
^ Sagan, Carl (1985) [Originally published 1980]. Cosmos (1st Ballantine Books ed.). New York: Ballantine Books. ISBN 0-345-33135-4. LCCN 80005286. OCLC 12814276. 
^ "Sagan, Carl Edward". Columbia Encyclopedia (Sixth ed.). New York: Columbia University Press. May 2001. Archived from the original on October 11, 2007. Retrieved August 30, 2013. 
^ No Writer Attributed (1963-08-21). "Sagan Synthesizes ATP In Laboratory". The Harvard Crimson. Retrieved 2015-09-12. 
^ "Carl Sagan". Pasadena, CA: The Planetary Society. Retrieved August 30, 2013. 
^ Benford, Gregory (1997). "A Tribute to Carl Sagan: Popular & Pilloried". Skeptic. The Skeptics Society. 13 (1). 
^ Shermer, Michael. "Candle in the Dark". The Works of Michael Shermer. Michael Shermer. Retrieved March 10, 2013.  Article originally published in November 2003 issue of Scientific American.
^ Impey, Chris (January–February 2000). "Carl Sagan, Carl Sagan: Biographies Echo an Extraordinary Life". American Scientist (Book review). Sigma Xi. 88 (1). ISSN 0003-0996. Retrieved March 10, 2013. 
^ "Carl Sagan". EMuseum. Minnesota State University, Mankato. Archived from the original on May 28, 2010. Retrieved August 30, 2013. 
^ "CosmoLearning Astronomy". CosmoLearning. Retrieved October 8, 2009. 
^ Vergano, Dan (March 16, 2014). "Who Was Carl Sagan?". National Geographic Daily News. Washington, D.C.: National Geographic Society. Retrieved May 13, 2014. 
^ a b Browne, Ray Broadus. The Guide to United States Popular Culture, Popular Press (2001) p. 704
^ a b c "Cosmos". Academy of Television Arts & Sciences. Retrieved September 4, 2013. 
^ Popular Science, Oct. 2005, p. 90
^ Golden, Frederic (October 20, 1980). "The Cosmic Explainer". Time. Retrieved August 30, 2013. 
^ "Carl Sagan on the Tonight Show with Johnny Carson, 1980"
^ a b c Sagan & Druyan 1997, pp. 3–4
^ Shapiro, Fred R., ed. (2006). The Yale Book of Quotations. Foreword by Joseph Epstein. New Haven, CT: Yale University Press. p. 660. ISBN 978-0-300-10798-2. LCCN 2006012317. OCLC 66527213. 
^ Johnny Carson parodies Carl Sagan
^ Frazier, Kendrick, ed. (July–August 2005). "Carl Sagan Takes Questions: More From His 'Wonder and Skepticism' CSICOP 1994 Keynote". Skeptical Inquirer. Amherst, NY: The Committee for Skeptical Inquiry. 29.4. Retrieved March 25, 2010. 
^ "Sagan". Dictionary.com Unabridged. Random House. Retrieved August 31, 2013.  Jargon File 4.2.0.
^ Safire, William (April 17, 1994). "Footprints on the Infobahn". The New York Times. Retrieved August 31, 2013. 
^ Gresshoff, P.M. (2004). "Scheel D. and Wasternack C.(eds) Plant Signal Transduction" (PDF). Annals of Botany (Book review). Oxford University Press. 93 (6): 783–784. doi:10.1093/aob/mch102. Retrieved August 31, 2013. 
^ "Christmas Lectures 1977: The Planets : Ri Channel". Ri Channel. London: Royal Institution of Great Britain. Retrieved February 7, 2012. 
^ Turco, R.P.; Toon, O.B.; Ackerman, T.P.; Pollack, J.B.; Sagan, C. (January 12, 1990). "Climate and smoke: an appraisal of nuclear winter". Science. Washington, D.C.: American Association for the Advancement of Science. 247 (4939): 166–176. doi:10.2307/2873486. Retrieved August 31, 2013.  JSTOR link to full text article. Carl Sagan discussed his involvement in the political nuclear winter debates and his erroneous global cooling prediction for the Gulf War fires in his book, The Demon-Haunted World.
^ "Answers - The Most Trusted Place for Answering Life's Questions". Answers.com. 
^ a b The U.S. National Security State and Scientists’Challenge to Nuclear Weapons during the Cold War. Paul Harold Rubinson 2008.
^ "Meet Carl Sagan". The Science Channel. Discovery Communications. Archived from the original on May 18, 2007. Retrieved August 31, 2013. 
^ Sagan, Carl. Recorded lecture at Cornell in 1994, from Pale Blue Dot: A Vision of the Human Future in Space, Ballantine Books (reprint) (1997) p. 88
^ "PAGE 1 OF 2: Burning oil wells could be disaster, Sagan says January 23, 1991". 
^ Wilmington morning Star January 21’st, 1991
^ Hirschmann, Kris. "The Kuwaiti Oil Fires". Facts on File. 
^ "FIRST ISRAELI SCUD FATALITIES OIL FIRES IN KUWAIT". Nightline. yes. 1991-01-22. ABC. 
^ Sagan 1995, p. 257
^ Head 2006, p. 86–87
^ a b c Sagan, Carl; Ostro, Steven J. (Summer 1994). "Long-Range Consequences Of Interplanetary Collisions" (PDF). Issues in Science and Technology. Washington, D.C.: National Academy of Sciences. 10 (4): 67–72. Bibcode:1994IST....10...67S. ISSN 0748-5492. Retrieved August 31, 2013. 
^ a b "Chapter 18. The Marsh of Camarina - Pale Blue Dot: A Vision of the Human Future in Space". e-reading.club. 
^ Morrison, David (October 3, 2007). "Taking a Hit: Asteroid Impacts & Evolution". Astronomical Society of the Pacific (Podcast). Astronomical Society of the Pacific. Retrieved August 31, 2013. 
^ Gault, Matthew (28 November 2013). "When Earth Dreamed of Nuking the Moon". medium.com. War is Boring. Retrieved 28 November 2013. 
^ Sagan, Carl (writer/host) (November 9, 1980). "The Backbone of Night". Cosmos: A Personal Voyage. Episode 7. PBS. 
^ Dicke, William (December 21, 1996). "Carl Sagan, an Astronomer Who Excelled at Popularizing Science, Is Dead at 62". The New York Times. Retrieved August 31, 2013. 
^ Davidson, p. 202
^ Davidson, p. 227
^ Davidson, p. 341
^ a b c d e Davidson, p. 203
^ Davidson, p. 204
^ a b Davidson, p. 297
^ Druyan, Ann (November 2000). "A New Sense of the Sacred Carl Sagan's 'Cosmic Connection'". The Humanist. Washington, D.C.: American Humanist Association. 60 (6). Retrieved August 29, 2013. 
^ How to Reduce the Risk of Nuclear Warfare: Carl Sagan on Space Exploration (1986). Press Club.
^ Spangenburg & Moser 2004, p. 106
^ Morris, Julian (2000). Rethinking Risk and the Precautionary Principle. Butterworth-Heinemann. p. 116. ISBN 978-0-08-051623-3.  Extract of page 116
^ Women On War, Daniela Gioseffi.
^ Brewster, Melanie E. (2014). Atheists in America (reprinted ed.). Columbia University Press. p. 102. ISBN 978-0-231-53700-1.  Extract of page 102
^ Maggio, Rosalie. How They Said it, Prentice-Hall Press (2000) p. 20
^ Photo of Asimov and Sagan
^ Dear Uncle Ezra, archived from the original on 2013-06-06, retrieved 2016-08-16 
^ Asimov, Isaac (1981) [Originally published 1980; Garden City, NY: Doubleday]. In Joy Still Felt: The Autobiography of Isaac Asimov, 1954–1978. New York: Avon. pp. 217, 302. ISBN 0-380-53025-2. LCCN 79003685. OCLC 7880716. 
^ Sagan, Carl (1980) [Originally published 1979]. Broca's Brain: Reflections on the Romance of Science (Reprint ed.). New York: Ballantine Books. p. 330. ISBN 0-345-33689-5. LCCN 78021810. OCLC 428008204. 
^ "Quotes on Religion – Carl Sagan". Atheism.about.com. IAC. Retrieved March 10, 2013. 
^ Head 2006, p. 70
^ Schei, Kenneth A. (1996). An Atheist for Jesus. Synthesis. ISBN 0-926491-01-6. 
^ Sagan, Carl; Druyan, Ann (1997). The Demon-Haunted World: Science as a Candle in the Dark. Ballantine Books ISBN 0345409469
^ Head, Tom (1997). "Conversations with Carl". Skeptic. The Skeptics Society. 13 (1): 32–38.  Excerpted in Head 2006
^ Sagan, Carl (1997) [Originally published 1995]. The Demon-Haunted World: Science as a Candle in the Dark (1st Ballantine Books ed.). New York: Ballantine Books. p. 278. ISBN 0-345-40946-9. LCCN 95034076. OCLC 36504316. 
^ Tracy, David (1990). "Kenosis, Sunyata, and Trinity: A Dialogue with Masao Abe". In Cobb, John B., Jr.; Ives, Christopher. The Emptying God: A Buddhist-Jewish-Christian Conversation. Faith Meets Faith Series. Essays by Masao Abe. Maryknoll, NY: Orbis Books. p. 52. ISBN 0-883-44670-7. LCCN 90031442. OCLC 318355646. [page verification needed]
^ edited by Lynn Margulis, Dorion Sagan (2007). Dazzle Gradually: Reflections on the Nature of Nature. Chelsea Green Publishing. p. 14. ISBN 1933392312. CS1 maint: Extra text: authors list (link)
^ Druyan, Ann (November–December 2003). "Ann Druyan Talks About Science, Religion, Wonder, Awe ... and Carl Sagan". Skeptical Inquirer. Amherst, NY: Committee for Skeptical Inquiry. 27.6. ISSN 0194-6730. Retrieved July 27, 2010. 
^ Sagan, Carl (writer/host) (December 14, 1980). "Encyclopaedia Galactica". Cosmos: A Personal Voyage. Episode 12. 01:24 minutes in. PBS. 
^ Rawson, Hugh (2008). "Sagan's Standard". The Unwritten Laws of Life. CSBC Ltd. Archived from the original on January 12, 2012. Retrieved September 1, 2013. 
^ Truzzi, Marcello (1978). "On the Extraordinary: An Attempt at Clarification" (PDF). Zetetic Scholar. 1 (1): 11. 
^ Truzzi, Marcello (1998). Binkowski, Edward, ed. "On Some Unfair Practices towards Claims of the Paranormal". Oxymoron: Annual Thematic Anthology of the Arts and Sciences. New York: Oxymoron Media, Inc. 2: The Fringe. ISSN 1090-2236. OCLC 35240974. Retrieved September 1, 2013. 
^ Flournoy, Théodore (1983) [Originally published 1899; Geneva: Édition Atar]. Des Indes à la Planète Mars: Étude sur un cas de Somnambulisme avec Glossolalie [From India to the Planet Mars: A Study of a Case of Somnambulism with Glossolalia] (in French). Introduction by Hélène Boursinhac; translation by Daniel B. Vermilye (Reprint ed.). Geneva: Éditions Slatkine. pp. 344–345. ISBN 2-05-100499-4. OCLC 11558608. 
^ Sagan 1980 (1985 ed.), p. 108
^ Grinspoon, Lester (1994) [2nd ed. published 1977; Cambridge, MA: Harvard University Press]. Marihuana Reconsidered. New introduction by author (2nd (reprint) ed.). Oakland, CA: Quick American Archives. ISBN 0-932551-13-0. LCCN 77076767. OCLC 32410025. 
^ Sagan, Carl. "Mr. X". Marijuana-Uses.com. Retrieved August 7, 2009. 
^ Whitehouse, David (October 15, 1999). "Carl Sagan: A life in the cosmos". BBC News. BBC. Retrieved August 30, 2013. 
^ Davidson, Keay (August 22, 1999). "Billions and Billions of '60s Flashbacks". The San Francisco Examiner. Retrieved May 2, 2007. 
^ Larsen, Dana (November 1, 1999). "Carl Sagan: toking astronomer". Cannabis Culture. Vancouver, B.C. Retrieved May 2, 2007. 
^ "Foundation Board of Directors". NORML.org. Washington, D.C.: NORML and the NORML Foundation. August 13, 2010. Archived from the original on January 4, 2011. Retrieved September 2, 2013. 
^ "Ann Druyan". NORML.org. Washington, D.C.: NORML and the NORML Foundation. Retrieved July 20, 2011. 
^ a b Poundstone 1999, p. 364
^ a b Linzmayer, Owen; Chaffin, Bryan (November 15, 2004). "This Week in Apple History: November 14–20: McIntosh, IIe Killed, Butt-Head Astronomer". The Mac Observer. The Mac Observer, Inc. Retrieved July 23, 2012. 
^ Sagan v. Apple Computer, Inc., 874 F.Supp. 1072 (USDC C.D. Cal. 1994), CV 94-2180 LGB (BRx); 1994 U.S. Dist. LEXIS 20154.
^ a b Poundstone 1999, p. 374
^ Poundstone 1999, pp. 374–375
^ Sagan, Carl (2000) [Originally published 1973]. "'Hello, Central Casting? Send Me Twenty Extraterrestrials'". Carl Sagan's Cosmic Connection: An Extraterrestrial Perspective. Produced by Jerome Agel; new contributions by Freeman Dyson, Ann Druyan, and David Morrison (2nd ed.). Cambridge; New York: Cambridge University Press. p. 183. ISBN 0-521-78303-8. LCCN 00020378. OCLC 460747781. 
^ a b Westrum, Ron (2000). "Limited Access: Six Natural Scientists and the UFO Phenomenon". In Jacobs, David M. UFOs and Abductions: Challenging the Borders of Knowledge. Lawrence, KS: University Press of Kansas. pp. 31–55. ISBN 0-7006-1032-4. LCCN 00028970. OCLC 43615835. 
^ Appelle, Stuart (2000). "Ufology and Academia: The UFO Phenomenon as a Scholarly Discipline". In Jacobs, David M. UFOs and Abductions: Challenging the Borders of Knowledge. Lawrence, KS: University Press of Kansas. pp. 7–30. ISBN 0-7006-1032-4. LCCN 00028970. OCLC 43615835. 
^ Sagan 1995, pp. 81–96, 99–104
^ David Jacobs "The UFO Controversy In America" (1987), p.122-124
^ Quarles, Norma (December 20, 1996). "Carl Sagan dies at 62". CNN. Retrieved December 5, 2011. Sagan was a noted astronomer whose lifelong passion was searching for intelligent life in the cosmos. 
^ Carl Sagan at Find a Grave
^ "Sagan Planet Walk". sciencenter.org. Ithaca, NY: Sciencenter. Retrieved March 10, 2013. 
^ "Sagan Award for Public Understanding of Science". Council of Scientific Society Presidents. Archived from the original on July 26, 2007. Retrieved May 2, 2007. 
^ "The 2007 IIG Awards". IIG. Los Angeles: Independent Investigations Group. August 18, 2007. Retrieved July 1, 2011. 
^ Boswell, John (November 9, 2009). A Glorious Dawn (7-in (17.5 cm) gramophone record). Nashville, TN: Third Man Records. Retrieved September 3, 2013. 
^ D'Orazio, Dante (30 November 2014). "Wonderful short film imagines the day when we conquer the solar system". The Verge. Retrieved 19 February 2016. 
^ David, Leonard (1 December 2014). "Epic Short Film 'Wanderers' Envisions Humanity's Future in Space". Space.com. Retrieved 21 February 2016. 
^ "Latest News - Nightwish – The Official Website". nightwish.com. 
^ "WARNER BROS. HEADS TO THE COSMOS WITH CARL SAGAN BIOPIC", Tracking Board, August 17, 2015
^ "From the AHA archives: Carl Sagan's 1981 Humanist of the year speech". americanhumanist.org. Retrieved 25 December 2014. 
^ "American Philosophical Society Member History". Philadelphia, PA: American Philosophical Society. Retrieved September 3, 2013. 
^ Shore, Lys Ann (1987). "Controversies in Science and Fringe Science: From Animals and SETI to Quackery and SHC". The Skeptical Inquirer. 12 (1): 12–13. 
^ Karr, Barry (1994). "Five Honored with CSICOP Awards". Skeptical Inquirer. 18 (5): 461–462. 
^ "John F. Kennedy Astronautics Award". Springfield, VA: American Astronautical Society. Retrieved September 3, 2013. 
^ "The John W. Campbell Memorial Award". Lawrence, KS: Center for the Study of Science Fiction. Retrieved September 3, 2013. 
^ "Carl Sagan - 1975". The Joseph Priestley Award. Dickinson University. Retrieved 1 February 2017. 
^ "Public Welfare Medal". Washington, D.C.: National Academy of Sciences. Retrieved February 18, 2011. 
^ Mascarenhas, Rohan (May 3, 2009). "2009 New Jersey Hall of Fame inductees welcomed at NJPAC". The Star-Ledger. Newark, NJ: Advance Publications. Retrieved September 3, 2013. 
^ "CSICOP becomes CSI after thirty years". Committee for Skeptical Inquiry. Committee for Skeptical Inquiry. 20 November 2006. Archived from the original on 15 August 2009. 
^ "The Pantheon of Skeptics". CSI. Committee for Skeptical Inquiry. Archived from the original on 31 January 2017. Retrieved 30 April 2017. 


Further reading[edit]


Terzian, Yervant; Bilson, Elizabeth, eds. (1997). Carl Sagan's Universe. Cambridge; New York: Cambridge University Press. ISBN 0-521-57603-2. LCCN 96040511. OCLC 36130681. 
Achenbach, Joel (1999). Captured by Aliens: The Search for Life and Truth in a Very Large Universe. New York: Simon & Schuster. ISBN 0-684-84856-2. LCCN 99037592. OCLC 41606346. 
Davidson, Keay (1999). Carl Sagan: A Life. New York: John Wiley & Sons. ISBN 0-471-25286-7. LCCN 99036206. OCLC 41580617. 
Poundstone, William (1999). Carl Sagan: A Life in the Cosmos. New York: Henry Holt and Company. ISBN 0-8050-5766-8. LCCN 99014615. OCLC 40979822. 
Spangenburg, Ray; Moser, Kit (2004). Carl Sagan: A Biography. Westport, CT: Greenwood Publishing Group. ISBN 0-313-32265-1. LCCN 2004015176. OCLC 55846272. 
Head, Tom, ed. (2006). Conversations with Carl Sagan (1st ed.). Jackson, MS: University Press of Mississippi. ISBN 1-57806-736-7. LCCN 2005048747. OCLC 60375648. 
Morrison, David (2006). "Carl Sagan: The People's Astronomer". AmeriQuests. Nashville, TN: Vanderbilt University. 3 (2). ISSN 1553-4316. Retrieved August 30, 2013. 


External links[edit]

Find more aboutCarl Saganat Wikipedia's sister projects

Definitions from Wiktionary
Media from Commons
Quotations from Wikiquote
Texts from Wikisource



The Carl Sagan Portal
Carl Sagan (1934-1996) Biographical memories
Sagan interviewed by Ted Turner, CNN, 1989, video: 44 minutes.
BBC Radio program "Great Lives" on Carl Sagan's life
"A man whose time has come"—Interview with Carl Sagan by Ian Ridpath, New Scientist, July 4, 1974
Carl Sagan on IMDb
Works by or about Carl Sagan in libraries (WorldCat catalog)
"Carl Sagan's Life and Legacy as Scientist, Teacher, and Skeptic", by David Morrison, Committee for Skeptical Inquiry
"A Tribute to Carl Sagan: Our Place in the Universe", by Bill Nye, The Skeptics Society
FBI Records: The Vault - Carl Sagan at fbi.gov
"NASA Technical Reports Server (NTRS) 19630011050: Direct Contact Among Galactic Civilizations by Relativistic Interstellar Spaceflight", Carl Sagan, when he was at Stanford University, in 1962, produced a controversial paper funded by a NASA research grant that concludes ancient alien intervention may have sparked human civilization.







v
t
e


Carl Sagan



Scientific career



Pioneer plaque
Faint young Sun paradox
Cosmic Calendar
Voyager Golden Record (Contents)
Voyager Family Portrait

Pale Blue Dot


The Planetary Society
Search for extraterrestrial intelligence (SETI)








Books





Science




Mars and the Mind of Man (1971)
The Cosmic Connection: An Extraterrestrial Perspective (1973)
The Dragons of Eden: Speculations on the Evolution of Human Intelligence (1977)
Murmurs of Earth: The Voyager Interstellar Record (1978)
Broca's Brain: Reflections on the Romance of Science (1979)
Cosmos (1980)
The Nuclear Winter: The World After Nuclear War (1983)
The Cold and the Dark: The World after Nuclear War (1984)
Comet (1985)
A Path Where No Man Thought: Nuclear Winter and the End of the Arms Race (1990)
Shadows of Forgotten Ancestors: A Search for Who We Are (1993)
Pale Blue Dot: A Vision of the Human Future in Space (1994)
The Demon-Haunted World: Science as a Candle in the Dark (1995)
Billions and Billions: Thoughts on Life and Death at the Brink of the Millennium (1997)
The Varieties of Scientific Experience: A Personal View of the Search for God (2006)






Fiction




Contact (1985)








Media



Cosmos: A Personal Voyage (1980 TV series)
Contact (1997 film)
Cosmos: A Spacetime Odyssey (2014 TV series)
Wanderers (2014 film narration)





Family



Lynn Margulis (first wife)
Dorion Sagan (son)
Jeremy Sagan (son)
Linda Salzman Sagan (second wife)
Nick Sagan (son)
Ann Druyan (third wife)





Sagan Prizes



Carl Sagan Memorial Award
Carl Sagan Medal
Carl Sagan Award for Public Understanding of Science





Recognition



Carl Sagan Institute
Sagan Planet Walk
Carl Sagan Memorial Station
2709 Sagan
Pale Blue Dot: A Tribute to Carl Sagan
Symphony of Science
The Sagan series





Other



Quotes
Sagan's number
900 Stewart Avenue












v
t
e


Pulitzer Prize for General Nonfiction (1976–2000)






Why Survive? Being Old in America by Robert Neil Butler (1976)
Beautiful Swimmers by William W. Warner (1977)
The Dragons of Eden by Carl Sagan (1978)
On Human Nature by Edward O. Wilson (1979)
Gödel, Escher, Bach: an Eternal Golden Braid by Douglas Hofstadter (1980)
Fin-de-siècle Vienna by Carl E. Schorske (1981)
The Soul of a New Machine by Tracy Kidder (1982)
Is There No Place on Earth for Me? by Susan Sheehan (1983)
The Social Transformation of American Medicine by Paul Starr (1984)
The Good War by Studs Terkel (1985)
Common Ground: A Turbulent Decade in the Lives of Three American Families by J. Anthony Lukas / Move Your Shadow by Joseph Lelyveld (1986)
Arab and Jew: Wounded Spirits in a Promised Land by David K. Shipler (1987)
The Making of the Atomic Bomb by Richard Rhodes (1988)
A Bright Shining Lie by Neil Sheehan (1989)
And Their Children After Them by Dale Maharidge and Michael Williamson (1990)
The Ants by Bert Hölldobler and Edward O. Wilson (1991)
The Prize: The Epic Quest for Oil, Money, and Power by Daniel Yergin (1992)
Lincoln at Gettysburg: The Words That Remade America by Garry Wills (1993)
Lenin's Tomb: The Last Days of the Soviet Empire by David Remnick (1994)
The Beak of the Finch: A Story Of Evolution In Our Time by Jonathan Weiner (1995)
The Haunted Land: Facing Europe's Ghosts After Communism by Tina Rosenberg (1996)
Ashes to Ashes: America's Hundred-Year Cigarette War, the Public Health, and the Unabashed Triumph of Philip Morris by Richard Kluger (1997)
Guns, Germs, and Steel: The Fates of Human Societies by Jared Diamond (1998)
Annals of the Former World by John McPhee (1999)
Embracing Defeat by John W. Dower (2000)








Complete list
(1962–1975)
(1976–2000)
(2001–2025)












v
t
e


The Planetary Society



Projects



Cosmos 1
Living Interplanetary Flight Experiment
LightSail 2





Programs



Planetary Radio (guests)
Planetary Report





People



Louis Friedman
Carl Sagan
Bruce C. Murray
Bill Nye
Wesley Huntress
Mat Kaplan












v
t
e


Criticism of religion



By religion



Buddhism
Christianity

Catholic

Opus Dei


Jehovah's Witnesses
Latter Day Saint movement
Protestantism
Seventh-day Adventist
Unification Church
Westboro Baptist Church


Hinduism
Islam

Islamism
Twelver Shi’ism
Wahhabism


Jainism
Judaism
Monotheism
New religious movement
Scientology
Sikhism
Yazdânism
Zoroastrianism





Religious texts



Bible
Quran
Hadiths
Mormon sacred texts

Book of Mormon


Talmud





Religious figures



Aisha
Charles Taze Russell
Ellen White
Jesus
Moses
Muhammad
Mirza Ghulam Ahmad
Saul





Religion and violence



Buddhism
Christianity

Mormonism


Judaism
Islam
Terrorism

Christian
Hindu
Islamic
Jewish


Persecution

Christian thought on persecution and tolerance


War

In Islam
In Judaism


Sectarian violence
By country

India

Anti-Christian violence
In Odisha


Nigeria
Pakistan







Books



Atheist Manifesto
Breaking the Spell: Religion as a Natural Phenomenon
Christianity Unveiled
God in the Age of Science?
God Is Not Great
God: The Failed Hypothesis
Letter to a Christian Nation
The Age of Reason
The Blind Watchmaker
The Caged Virgin
The End of Faith
The God Delusion
The Rage Against God
Why I Am Not a Christian
Why I Am Not a Muslim





Movements



Agnosticism
Antitheism
Atheism
Criticism of atheism
Cārvāka
New Atheism
Nontheistic religions
Parody religion









Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 36997809
LCCN: n79064998
ISNI: 0000 0001 2128 2295
GND: 115873937
SELIBR: 266983
SUDOC: 032799128
BNF: cb12375841d (data)
MusicBrainz: 5d63a48c-16fc-4515-be15-c97bf0b3e396
NLA: 35471465
NDL: 00455136
NKC: jn19990007295
BNE: XX989452










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Carl_Sagan&oldid=791744368"					
Categories: Carl Sagan1934 births1996 deaths20th-century American writers20th-century American novelistsFellows at the University of California, BerkeleyAmerican agnosticsCritics of religionsAmerican activistsAmerican anti–nuclear weapons activistsAmerican anti–Vietnam War activistsAmerican astronomersAmerican cannabis activistsAmerican humanistsAmerican naturalistsAmerican nature writersAmerican pacifistsAmerican people of Russian-Jewish descentAmerican science fiction writersAmerican science writersAmerican skepticsAmerican UFO writersAstrochemistryAstrophysicsCosmologistsCornell University facultyDeaths from pneumoniaHarvard University peopleInfectious disease deaths in Washington (state)Jewish American scientistsJewish skepticsCritics of alternative medicineJewish activistsJewish agnosticsWriters from BrooklynPantheistsPlanetary scientistsPulitzer Prize for General Non-Fiction winnersRahway High School alumniScience communicatorsSearch for extraterrestrial intelligenceInterstellar messagesSpace advocatesUniversity of Chicago alumniNational Academy of Sciences laureatesPresidents of The Planetary SocietyFellows of the Committee for Skeptical InquiryPeople associated with the American Museum of Natural HistoryMembers of the American Philosophical SocietySagan familyAmerican male novelistsAstrobiologistsSpinozistsHidden categories: All pages needing factual verificationWikipedia articles needing factual verification from September 2013CS1 maint: Extra text: authors listCS1 French-language sources (fr)Find a Grave template with ID same as WikidataUse mdy dates from July 2013Wikipedia articles needing clarification from October 2014Wikipedia articles needing clarification from March 2016All articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from September 2013Wikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with LCCN identifiersWikipedia articles with ISNI identifiersWikipedia articles with GND identifiersWikipedia articles with SELIBR identifiersWikipedia articles with BNF identifiersWikipedia articles with MusicBrainz identifiersWikipedia articles with NLA identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia CommonsWikiquoteWikisource 



Languages


Afrikaansالعربيةঅসমীয়াAsturianuAzərbaycancaবাংলাBân-lâm-gúБеларускаяБългарскиBosanskiCatalàČeštinaCymraegDanskDeutschEestiΕλληνικάEspañolEsperantoEuskaraفارسیFrançaisGaeilgeGalego한국어Հայերենहिन्दीHrvatskiIdoBahasa IndonesiaÍslenskaItalianoעבריתBasa Jawaಕನ್ನಡქართულიLatinaLatviešuLëtzebuergeschLietuviųLimburgsMagyarМакедонскиMalagasyമലയാളംमराठीمصرىBaso Minangkabauမြန်မာဘာသာNāhuatlNederlands日本語Norsk bokmålNorsk nynorskOccitanਪੰਜਾਬੀپنجابیPolskiPortuguêsRomânăRuna SimiРусскийScotsShqipSimple EnglishSlovenčinaSlovenščinaکوردیСрпски / srpskiSrpskohrvatski / српскохрватскиSuomiSvenskaTagalogதமிழ்తెలుగుไทยTürkçeУкраїнськаاردوTiếng ViệtWinaray中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 22 July 2017, at 06:20.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Carl Sagan - Wikipedia






















 






Carl Sagan

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search



Carl Sagan



Carl Sagan in 1980



Born
Carl Edward Sagan
(1934-11-09)November 9, 1934
Brooklyn, New York, U.S.


Died
December 20, 1996(1996-12-20) (aged 62)
Seattle, Washington, U.S.


Resting place
Ithaca, New York, U.S.


Nationality
American


Fields



Astronomy
astrophysics
cosmology
astrobiology
space science
planetary science





Institutions



Cornell University
Harvard University
Smithsonian Astrophysical Observatory
University of California, Berkeley





Alma mater
University of Chicago


Doctoral advisor
Gerard Kuiper


Doctoral students
Clark Chapman, James B. Pollack, Owen Toon


Known for



Search for Extra-Terrestrial Intelligence (SETI)
Cosmos: A Personal Voyage
Cosmos
Voyager Golden Record
Pioneer plaque
The Dragons of Eden
Contact
Pale Blue Dot





Notable awards
Klumpke-Roberts Award (1974)
NASA Distinguished Public Service Medal (1977)
Pulitzer Prize for General Non-Fiction (1978)
Oersted Medal (1990)
Carl Sagan Award for Public Understanding of Science (1993)
National Academy of Sciences Public Welfare Medal (1994)


Spouse
Lynn Margulis (m. 1957; div. 1965)
Linda Salzman (m. 1968; div. 1981)
Ann Druyan (m. 1981)


Children
5, including Dorion and Nick


Signature




Carl Edward Sagan (/ˈseɪɡən/; November 9, 1934 – December 20, 1996) was an American astronomer, cosmologist, astrophysicist, astrobiologist, author, science popularizer, and science communicator in astronomy and other natural sciences. He is best known for his work as a science popularizer and communicator. His best known scientific contribution is research on extraterrestrial life, including experimental demonstration of the production of amino acids from basic chemicals by radiation. Sagan assembled the first physical messages sent into space: the Pioneer plaque and the Voyager Golden Record, universal messages that could potentially be understood by any extraterrestrial intelligence that might find them. Sagan argued the now accepted hypothesis that the high surface temperatures of Venus can be attributed to and calculated using the greenhouse effect.[1]
Sagan published more than 600 scientific papers and articles and was author, co-author or editor of more than 20 books. He wrote many popular science books, such as The Dragons of Eden, Broca's Brain and Pale Blue Dot, and narrated and co-wrote the award-winning 1980 television series Cosmos: A Personal Voyage. The most widely watched series in the history of American public television, Cosmos has been seen by at least 500 million people across 60 different countries.[2] The book Cosmos was published to accompany the series. He also wrote the science fiction novel Contact, the basis for a 1997 film of the same name. His papers, containing 595,000 items,[3] are archived at The Library of Congress.[4]
Sagan advocated scientific skeptical inquiry and the scientific method, pioneered exobiology and promoted the Search for Extra-Terrestrial Intelligence (SETI). He spent most of his career as a professor of astronomy at Cornell University, where he directed the Laboratory for Planetary Studies. Sagan and his works received numerous awards and honors, including the NASA Distinguished Public Service Medal, the National Academy of Sciences Public Welfare Medal, the Pulitzer Prize for General Non-Fiction for his book The Dragons of Eden, and, regarding Cosmos: A Personal Voyage, two Emmy Awards, the Peabody Award and the Hugo Award. He married three times and had five children. After suffering from myelodysplasia, Sagan died of pneumonia at the age of 62, on December 20, 1996.



Contents


1 Early life

1.1 1939 World's Fair
1.2 World War II
1.3 Inquisitiveness about nature
1.4 High school years


2 Education
3 Scientific career
4 Scientific achievements
5 Cosmos: popularizing science on TV

5.1 "Billions and billions"


6 Scientific and critical thinking advocacy

6.1 Popularizing science
6.2 Criticisms


7 Social concerns
8 Personal life and beliefs
9 Sagan and UFOs
10 Death
11 Posthumous recognition
12 Awards and honors
13 Publications
14 See also
15 Notes
16 References
17 Further reading
18 External links



Early life[edit]
Carl Sagan was born in Brooklyn, New York.[5] His father, Samuel Sagan, was an immigrant garment worker from Kamianets-Podilskyi, then in the Russian Empire,[6] in today's Ukraine. His mother, Rachel Molly Gruber, was a housewife from New York. Carl was named in honor of Rachel's biological mother, Chaiya Clara, in Sagan's words, "the mother she never knew."[7]
He had a sister, Carol, and the family lived in a modest apartment near the Atlantic Ocean, in Bensonhurst, a Brooklyn neighborhood. According to Sagan, they were Reform Jews, the most liberal of North American Judaism's four main groups. Both Sagan and his sister agreed that their father was not especially religious, but that their mother "definitely believed in God, and was active in the temple ... and served only kosher meat."[7]:12 During the depths of the Depression, his father worked as a theater usher.
According to biographer Keay Davidson, Sagan's "inner war" was a result of his close relationship with both of his parents, who were in many ways "opposites." Sagan traced his later analytical urges to his mother, a woman who had been extremely poor as a child in New York City during World War I and the 1920s.[7]:2 As a young woman she had held her own intellectual ambitions, but they were frustrated by social restrictions: her poverty, her status as a woman and a wife, and her Jewish ethnicity. Davidson notes that she therefore "worshipped her only son, Carl. He would fulfill her unfulfilled dreams."[7]:2
However, he claimed that his sense of wonder came from his father. In his free time he gave apples to the poor or helped soothe labor-management tensions within New York's garment industry.[7]:2 Although he was awed by Carl's intellectual abilities, he took his son's inquisitiveness in stride and saw it as part of his growing up.[7]:2 In his later years as a writer and scientist, Sagan would often draw on his childhood memories to illustrate scientific points, as he did in his book, Shadows of Forgotten Ancestors.[7]:9 Sagan describes his parents' influence on his later thinking:

My parents were not scientists. They knew almost nothing about science. But in introducing me simultaneously to skepticism and to wonder, they taught me the two uneasily cohabiting modes of thought that are central to the scientific method.[8]

1939 World's Fair[edit]
Sagan recalls that one of his most defining moments was when his parents took him to the 1939 New York World's Fair when he was four years old. The exhibits became a turning point in his life. He later recalled the moving map of the America of Tomorrow exhibit: "It showed beautiful highways and cloverleaves and little General Motors cars all carrying people to skyscrapers, buildings with lovely spires, flying buttresses—and it looked great!"[7]:14 At other exhibits, he remembered how a flashlight that shone on a photoelectric cell created a crackling sound, and how the sound from a tuning fork became a wave on an oscilloscope. He also witnessed the future media technology that would replace radio: television. Sagan wrote:

Plainly, the world held wonders of a kind I had never guessed. How could a tone become a picture and light become a noise?[7]:14

He also saw one of the Fair's most publicized events, the burial of a time capsule at Flushing Meadows, which contained mementos of the 1930s to be recovered by Earth's descendants in a future millennium. "The time capsule thrilled Carl," writes Davidson. As an adult, Sagan and his colleagues would create similar time capsules—capsules that would be sent out into the galaxy; these were the Pioneer plaque and the Voyager Golden Record précis, all of which were spinoffs of Sagan's memories of the World's Fair.[7]:15
World War II[edit]
During World War II Sagan's family worried about the fate of their European relatives. Sagan, however, was generally unaware of the details of the ongoing war. He wrote, "Sure, we had relatives who were caught up in the Holocaust. Hitler was not a popular fellow in our household... But on the other hand, I was fairly insulated from the horrors of the war." His sister, Carol, said that their mother "above all wanted to protect Carl... She had an extraordinarily difficult time dealing with World War II and the Holocaust."[7]:15 Sagan's book, The Demon-Haunted World (1996), included his memories of this conflicted period, when his family dealt with the realities of the war in Europe but tried to prevent it from undermining his optimistic spirit.[8]
Inquisitiveness about nature[edit]
Soon after entering elementary school he began to express a strong inquisitiveness about nature. Sagan recalled taking his first trips to the public library alone, at the age of five, when his mother got him a library card. He wanted to learn what stars were, since none of his friends or their parents could give him a clear answer:

I went to the librarian and asked for a book about stars ... And the answer was stunning. It was that the Sun was a star but really close. The stars were suns, but so far away they were just little points of light ... The scale of the universe suddenly opened up to me. It was a kind of religious experience. There was a magnificence to it, a grandeur, a scale which has never left me. Never ever left me.[7]:18

At about age six or seven, he and a close friend took trips to the American Museum of Natural History across the East River in Manhattan. While there, they went to the Hayden Planetarium and walked around the museum's exhibits of space objects, such as meteorites, and displays of dinosaurs and animals in natural settings. Sagan writes about those visits:

I was transfixed by the dioramas—lifelike representations of animals and their habitats all over the world. Penguins on the dimly lit Antarctic ice; ...a family of gorillas, the male beating his chest, ...an American grizzly bear standing on his hind legs, ten or twelve feet tall, and staring me right in the eye.[7]:18

His parents helped nurture his growing interest in science by buying him chemistry sets and reading materials. His interest in space, however, was his primary focus, especially after reading science fiction stories by writers such as H. G. Wells and Edgar Rice Burroughs, which stirred his imagination about life on other planets such as Mars. According to biographer Ray Spangenburg, these early years as Sagan tried to understand the mysteries of the planets became a "driving force in his life, a continual spark to his intellect, and a quest that would never be forgotten."[8]
In 1947 he discovered Astounding Science Fiction magazine, which introduced him to more hard science fiction speculations than those in Burroughs's novels. That same year inaugurated the "flying saucer" mass hysteria with the young Carl suspecting the "discs" might be alien spaceships.[9]
High school years[edit]
Sagan had lived in Bensonhurst where he went to David A. Boody Junior High School. He had his bar mitzvah in Bensonhurst when he turned 13.[7]:23 The following year, 1948, his family moved to the nearby town of Rahway, New Jersey for his father's work, where Sagan then entered Rahway High School. He graduated in 1951.[7]:23 Rahway was an older industrial town, and the Sagans were among its few Jewish families.[7]:23




Photo of Sagan from high school yearbook, 1951


Sagan was a straight-A student but was bored due to unchallenging classes and uninspiring teachers.[7]:23 His teachers realized this and tried to convince his parents to send him to a private school, the administrator telling them, "This kid ought to go to a school for gifted children, he has something really remarkable."[7]:24 This they couldn't do, partly because of the cost.
Sagan was made president of the school's chemistry club, and at home he set up his own laboratory. He taught himself about molecules by making cardboard cutouts to help him visualize how molecules were formed: "I found that about as interesting as doing [chemical] experiments," he said.[7]:24 Sagan remained mostly interested in astronomy as a hobby, and in his junior year made it a career goal after he learned that astronomers were paid for doing what he always enjoyed: "That was a splendid day­­­­—when I began to suspect that if I tried hard I could do astronomy full-time, not just part-time."[7]:25
Before the end of high school, he entered an essay contest in which he posed the question of whether human contact with advanced life forms from another planet might be as disastrous for people on Earth as it was for Native Americans when they first had contact with Europeans.[10] The subject was considered controversial, but his rhetorical skill won over the judges and they awarded him first prize.[10] By graduation, his classmates had voted him "Most likely to succeed," and put him in line to be valedictorian.[10]
Education[edit]
Sagan attended the University of Chicago, which was one of the few colleges he applied to that would consider admitting a sixteen-year-old, despite his excellent high school grades. Its Chancellor, Robert Hutchins, structured the school as an "ideal meritocracy," with no age requirement.[11] The school also employed a number of the nation's leading scientists, including Enrico Fermi and Edward Teller, along with operating the famous Yerkes Observatory.[11]
During his time as an honors program undergraduate, Sagan worked in the laboratory of the geneticist H. J. Muller and wrote a thesis on the origins of life with physical chemist Harold Urey. Sagan joined the Ryerson Astronomical Society,[12] received a B.A. degree in self-proclaimed "nothing" with general and special honors in 1954, and a B.S. degree in physics in 1955. He went on to earn a M.S. degree in physics in 1956, before earning a Ph.D. degree in 1960 with the dissertation "Physical Studies of Planets" submitted to the Department of Astronomy and Astrophysics.[13][14][15][16]
He used the summer months of his graduate studies to work with his dissertation director, planetary scientist Gerard Kuiper, as well as physicist George Gamow, and chemist Melvin Calvin. The title of Sagan's dissertation reflects his shared interests with Kuiper, who throughout the 1950s had been president of the International Astronomical Union's commission on "Physical Studies of Planets and Satellites".[17] In 1958, the two worked on the classified military Project A119, the secret Air Force plan to detonate a nuclear warhead on the Moon.[18]
Sagan had a "Top Secret" clearance at the U.S. Air Force and a "Secret" clearance with NASA.[19] While working on his doctoral dissertation, Sagan revealed US Government classified titles of two Project A119 papers when he applied for a University of California at Berkeley scholarship in 1959. The leak was not publicly revealed until 1999, when it was published in the journal "Nature". A follow-up letter to the journal by project leader Leonard Reiffel confirmed Sagan's security leak.[20]
Scientific career[edit]
From 1960 to 1962 Sagan was a Miller Fellow at the University of California, Berkeley.[21] Meanwhile, he published an article in 1961 in the journal Science on the atmosphere of Venus, while also working with NASA's Mariner 2 team, and served as a "Planetary Sciences Consultant" to the RAND Corporation.[22]


Play media


Sagan is one of those discussing the likelihood of life on other planets in Who's Out There? (1973), an award-winning NASA documentary film by Robert Drew


After the publication of Sagan's Science article, in 1961 Harvard University astronomers Fred Whipple and Donald Menzel offered Sagan the opportunity to give a colloquium at Harvard, and they subsequently offered him a lecturer position at the institution. Sagan instead asked to be made an assistant professor, and eventually Whipple and Menzel were able to convince Harvard to offer Sagan the assistant professor position he requested.[22] Sagan lectured, performed research, and advised graduate students at the institution from 1963 until 1968, as well as working at the Smithsonian Astrophysical Observatory, both located in Cambridge, Massachusetts.
In 1968, Sagan was denied tenure at Harvard. He later indicated the decision was very much unexpected.[23] The tenure denial has been blamed on several factors, including that he focused his interests too broadly across a number of areas (while the norm in academia is to become a renowned expert in a narrow specialty), and perhaps because of his well-publicized scientific advocacy, which some scientists perceived as borrowing the ideas of others for little more than self-promotion.[19] An advisor from his years as an undergraduate student, Harold Urey, wrote a letter to the tenure committee recommending strongly against tenure for Sagan.[9]


Science is more than a body of knowledge; it is a way of thinking. I have a foreboding of an America in my children's or grandchildren's time — when the United States is a service and information economy; when nearly all the key manufacturing industries have slipped away to other countries; when awesome technological powers are in the hands of a very few, and no one representing the public interest can even grasp the issues; when the people have lost the ability to set their own agendas or knowledgeably question those in authority; when, clutching our crystals and nervously consulting our horoscopes, our critical faculties in decline, unable to distinguish between what feels good and what's true, we slide, almost without noticing, back into superstition and darkness.

Carl Sagan, from Demon-Haunted World (1995)[24]
Long before the ill-fated tenure process, Cornell University astronomer Thomas Gold had courted Sagan to move to Ithaca, New York and join the faculty at Cornell. Following the denial of tenure from Harvard, Sagan accepted Gold's offer and remained a faculty member at Cornell for nearly 30 years until his death in 1996. Unlike Harvard, the smaller and more laid-back astronomy department at Cornell welcomed Sagan's growing celebrity status.[25] Following two years as an associate professor, Sagan became a full professor at Cornell in 1970, and directed the Laboratory for Planetary Studies there. From 1972 to 1981, he was associate director of the Center for Radiophysics and Space Research (CRSR) at Cornell. In 1976, he became the David Duncan Professor of Astronomy and Space Sciences, a position he held for the remainder of his life.[26]
Sagan was associated with the U.S. space program from its inception. From the 1950s onward, he worked as an advisor to NASA, where one of his duties included briefing the Apollo astronauts before their flights to the Moon. Sagan contributed to many of the robotic spacecraft missions that explored the Solar System, arranging experiments on many of the expeditions. Sagan assembled the first physical message that was sent into space: a gold-anodized plaque, attached to the space probe Pioneer 10, launched in 1972. Pioneer 11, also carrying another copy of the plaque, was launched the following year. He continued to refine his designs; the most elaborate message he helped to develop and assemble was the Voyager Golden Record that was sent out with the Voyager space probes in 1977. Sagan often challenged the decisions to fund the Space Shuttle and the International Space Station at the expense of further robotic missions.[27]
Scientific achievements[edit]
Former student David Morrison describes Sagan as "an 'idea person' and a master of intuitive physical arguments and 'back of the envelope' calculations,"[19] and Gerard Kuiper said that "Some persons work best in specializing on a major program in the laboratory; others are best in liaison between sciences. Dr. Sagan belongs in the latter group."[19]
Sagan's contributions were central to the discovery of the high surface temperatures of the planet Venus.[1][28] In the early 1960s no one knew for certain the basic conditions of that planet's surface, and Sagan listed the possibilities in a report later depicted for popularization in a Time–Life book, Planets. His own view was that Venus was dry and very hot as opposed to the balmy paradise others had imagined. He had investigated radio emissions from Venus and concluded that there was a surface temperature of 500 °C (900 °F). As a visiting scientist to NASA's Jet Propulsion Laboratory, he contributed to the first Mariner missions to Venus, working on the design and management of the project. Mariner 2 confirmed his conclusions on the surface conditions of Venus in 1962.
Sagan was among[clarification needed] the first to hypothesize that Saturn's moon Titan might possess oceans of liquid compounds on its surface and that Jupiter's moon Europa might possess subsurface oceans of water. This would make Europa potentially habitable.[29] Europa's subsurface ocean of water was later indirectly confirmed by the spacecraft Galileo. The mystery of Titan's reddish haze was also solved with Sagan's help. The reddish haze was revealed to be due to complex organic molecules constantly raining down onto Titan's surface.[30]
He further contributed insights regarding the atmospheres of Venus and Jupiter as well as seasonal changes on Mars. He also perceived global warming as a growing, man-made danger and likened it to the natural development of Venus into a hot, life-hostile planet through a kind of runaway greenhouse effect.[31] Sagan and his Cornell colleague Edwin Ernest Salpeter speculated about life in Jupiter's clouds, given the planet's dense atmospheric composition rich in organic molecules. He studied the observed color variations on Mars' surface and concluded that they were not seasonal or vegetational changes as most believed[clarification needed] but shifts in surface dust caused by windstorms.
Sagan is best known, however, for his research on the possibilities of extraterrestrial life, including experimental demonstration of the production of amino acids from basic chemicals by radiation.[32][33]
He is also the 1994 recipient of the Public Welfare Medal, the highest award of the National Academy of Sciences for "distinguished contributions in the application of science to the public welfare".[34] He was denied membership in the Academy, reportedly because his media activities made him unpopular with many other scientists.[35][36][37]
Cosmos: popularizing science on TV[edit]




Sagan in Cosmos (1980)


In 1980 Sagan co-wrote and narrated the award-winning 13-part PBS television series, Cosmos: A Personal Voyage, which became the most widely watched series in the history of American public television. The show has been seen by at least 500 million people across 60 different countries.[2][38][39] The book, Cosmos, written by Sagan, was published to accompany the series.[40]
Because of his earlier popularity as a science writer from his best-selling books, including The Dragons of Eden, which won him a Pulitzer Prize in 1977, he was asked to write and narrate the show. It was targeted to a general audience of viewers who Sagan felt had lost interest in science, partly due to a stifled educational system.[41]
Each of the 13 episodes was created to focus on a particular subject or person, thereby demonstrating the synergy of the universe.[41] They covered a wide range of scientific subjects including the origin of life and a perspective of humans' place on Earth.
The show won an Emmy[42] along with a Peabody Award, and transformed Sagan from an obscure astronomer into a pop-culture icon.[43] Time magazine ran a cover story about Sagan soon after the show broadcast, referring to him as "creator, chief writer and host-narrator of the show.[44] In 2000, "Cosmos" was released on a remastered set of DVDs.
 "Billions and billions"[edit]
See also: Sagan's number




Sagan with a model of the Viking lander that would land on Mars. Sagan examined possible landing sites for Viking along with Mike Carr and Hal Masursky.


From Cosmos, he was invited to frequent appearances on The Tonight Show Starring Johnny Carson.[45] Sagan became jokingly associated with the catchphrase "billions and billions", although he never actually used the phrase in the Cosmos series.[46] He rather used the term "billions upon billions."[47] Carson, however, would sometimes use the phrase during his parodies of Sagan.[48][a]
As a humorous tribute to Sagan and his association with the catchphrase "billions and billions", a sagan has been defined as a unit of measurement equivalent to a very large number of anything.[50][51][52]
Scientific and critical thinking advocacy[edit]

Sagan's ability to convey his ideas allowed many people to understand the cosmos better—simultaneously emphasizing the value and worthiness of the human race, and the relative insignificance of the Earth in comparison to the Universe. He delivered the 1977 series of Royal Institution Christmas Lectures in London.[53]
Sagan was a proponent of the search for extraterrestrial life. He urged the scientific community to listen with radio telescopes for signals from potential intelligent extraterrestrial life-forms. Sagan was so persuasive that by 1982 he was able to get a petition advocating SETI published in the journal Science and signed by 70 scientists, including seven Nobel Prize winners. This signaled a tremendous increase in the respectability of a then-controversial field. Sagan also helped Frank Drake write the Arecibo message, a radio message beamed into space from the Arecibo radio telescope on November 16, 1974, aimed at informing potential extraterrestrials about Earth.
Sagan was chief technology officer of the professional planetary research journal Icarus for twelve years. He co-founded The Planetary Society, and a member of the SETI Institute Board of Trustees. Sagan served as Chairman of the Division for Planetary Science of the American Astronomical Society, as President of the Planetology Section of the American Geophysical Union, and as Chairman of the Astronomy Section of the American Association for the Advancement of Science (AAAS).




The Planetary Society members at the organization's founding. Carl Sagan is seated on the right.


At the height of the Cold War, Sagan became involved in nuclear disarmament efforts by promoting hypotheses on the effects of nuclear war when Paul Crutzen's "Twilight at Noon" concept, suggested that a substantial nuclear exchange could trigger a nuclear twilight and upset the delicate balance of life on Earth by cooling the surface. In 1983 he was one of five authors—the "S"—in the follow-up "TTAPS" model (as the research paper came to be known), which contained the first usage of the term "nuclear winter" which his colleague Richard P. Turco coined.[54][55] In 1984 he co-authored the book The Cold and the Dark: The World after Nuclear War and in 1990 he co-authored the book A Path Where No Man Thought: Nuclear Winter and the End of the Arms Race, which explains the nuclear winter hypothesis and with that advocates nuclear disarmament. Sagan received a great deal of skepticism and disdain for the use of media to disseminate a very uncertain hypothesis. In personal correspondence with Edward Teller c. 1983, although beginning amicably, with Teller expressing support for continued research to ascertain the credibility of the winter hypothesis, Sagan and Teller's correspondence would ultimately result in Teller writing "A propagandist is one who uses incomplete information to produce maximum persuasion. I can compliment you on being, indeed, an excellent propagandist remembering that a propagandist is the better the less he appears to be one".[56] Biographers of Sagan would also comment that from a scientific viewpoint, nuclear winter was a low point for Sagan, although politically speaking it popularized his image amongst the public.[56]
Sagan also wrote books to popularize science, such as Cosmos, which reflected and expanded upon some of the themes of A Personal Voyage and became the best-selling science book ever published in English;[57] The Dragons of Eden: Speculations on the Evolution of Human Intelligence, which won a Pulitzer Prize; and Broca's Brain: Reflections on the Romance of Science. Sagan also wrote the best-selling science fiction novel Contact in 1985, based on a film treatment he wrote with his wife in 1979, but he did not live to see the book's 1997 motion picture adaptation, which starred Jodie Foster and won the 1998 Hugo Award for Best Dramatic Presentation.




Pale Blue Dot: Earth is a bright pixel when photographed from Voyager 1 six billion kilometers out (beyond Pluto). Sagan encouraged NASA to generate this image.

from Pale Blue Dot (1994)

"On it, everyone you ever heard of...The aggregate of all our joys and sufferings, thousands of confident religions, ideologies and economic doctrines, every hunter and forager, every hero and coward, every creator and destroyer of civilizations, every king and peasant, every young couple in love, every hopeful child, every mother and father, every inventor and explorer, every teacher of morals, every corrupt politician, every superstar, every supreme leader, every saint and sinner in the history of our species, lived there on a mote of dust, suspended in a sunbeam. . . .

Think of the rivers of blood spilled by all those generals and emperors so that in glory and triumph they could become the momentary masters of a fraction of a dot."

Carl Sagan, Cornell lecture in 1994[58]



He wrote a sequel to Cosmos, Pale Blue Dot: A Vision of the Human Future in Space, which was selected as a notable book of 1995 by The New York Times. He appeared on PBS' Charlie Rose program in January 1995.[27] Sagan also wrote the introduction for Stephen Hawking's bestseller, A Brief History of Time. Sagan was also known for his popularization of science, his efforts to increase scientific understanding among the general public, and his positions in favor of scientific skepticism and against pseudoscience, such as his debunking of the Betty and Barney Hill abduction. To mark the tenth anniversary of Sagan's death, David Morrison, a former student of Sagan's, recalled "Sagan's immense contributions to planetary research, the public understanding of science, and the skeptical movement" in Skeptical Inquirer.[19]
Following Saddam Hussein's threats to light Kuwait's oil wells on fire in response to any physical challenge to Iraqi control of the oil assets, Sagan together with his "TTAPS" colleagues and Paul Crutzen, warned in January 1991 in the Baltimore Sun and Wilmington Morning Star newspapers that if the fires were left to burn over a period of several months, enough smoke from the 600 or so 1991 Kuwaiti oil fires "might get so high as to disrupt agriculture in much of South Asia ..." and that this possibility should "affect the war plans";[59][60] these claims were also the subject of a televised debate between Sagan and physicist Fred Singer on 22 January, aired on the ABC News program Nightline.[61][62]




Sagan admitted he had overestimated the danger posed by the 1991 Kuwaiti oil fires.


In the televised debate, Sagan argued that the effects of the smoke would be similar to the effects of a nuclear winter, with Singer arguing to the contrary. After the debate, the fires burnt for many months before extinguishing efforts were complete. The results of the smoke did not produce continental-sized cooling. Sagan later conceded in The Demon-Haunted World that the prediction did not turn out to be correct: "it was pitch black at noon and temperatures dropped 4°–6° C over the Persian Gulf, but not much smoke reached stratospheric altitudes and Asia was spared".[63]
In his later years Sagan advocated the creation of an organized search for asteroids/near-Earth objects (NEO) that might impact the Earth but to forestall or postpone developing the technological methods that would be needed to defend against them.[64] He argued that all of the numerous methods proposed to alter the orbit of an asteroid, including the employment of nuclear detonations, created a Deflection Dilemma: if the ability to deflect an asteroid away from the Earth exists, then one would also have the ability to divert a non-threatening object towards Earth, creating an immensely destructive weapon.[65][66] In a 1994 paper, he co-authored, he ridiculed a 3-day long "Near-Earth Object Interception Workshop" held by LANL in 1993 that did not, "even in passing" state that such interception and deflection technologies could have these "ancillary dangers".[65]
Sagan however was hopeful that the natural NEO impact threat and the intrinsically double-edged essence, of the methods to prevent these threats, would serve as a "new and potent motivation to maturing international relations".[65][67] Later acknowledging that, with sufficient international oversight, in the future a "work our way up" approach to fielding nuclear explosive deflection methods could be fielded, and when sufficient knowledge was gained, to use them to aid in mining asteroids.[66] His interest in the use of nuclear detonations in space grew out of his work in 1958 for the Armour Research Foundation's Project A119, concerning the possibility of detonating a nuclear device on the Lunar surface.[68]
Sagan was a critic of Plato, having said of the ancient Greek philosopher: "Science and mathematics were to be removed from the hands of the merchants and the artisans. This tendency found its most effective advocate in a follower of Pythagoras named Plato" and

He (Plato) believed that ideas were far more real than the natural world. He advised the astronomers not to waste their time observing the stars and planets. It was better, he believed, just to think about them. Plato expressed hostility to observation and experiment. He taught contempt for the real world and disdain for the practical application of scientific knowledge. Plato's followers succeeded in extinguishing the light of science and experiment that had been kindled by Democritus and the other Ionians.[69]

Popularizing science[edit]
Speaking about his activities in popularizing science, Sagan said that there were at least two reasons for scientists to share the purposes of science and its contemporary state. Simple self-interest was one: much of the funding for science came from the public, and the public therefore had the right to know how the money was being spent. If scientists increased public admiration for science, there was a good chance of having more public supporters.[clarification needed] The other reason was the excitement of communicating one's own excitement about science to others.[70]
Criticisms[edit]
While Sagan was widely adored by the general public, his reputation in the scientific community was more polarized.[71] Critics sometimes characterized his work as fanciful, non-rigorous, and self-aggrandizing,[72] and others complained in his later years that he neglected his role as a faculty member to foster his celebrity status.[73]
One of Sagan's harshest critics, Harold Urey, felt that Sagan was getting too much publicity for a scientist and was treating some scientific theories too casually.[74] Urey and Sagan were said to have different philosophies of science, according to Davidson. While Urey was an "old-time empiricist" who avoided theorizing about the unknown, Sagan was by contrast willing to speculate openly about such matters.[75] Fred Whipple wanted Harvard to keep Sagan there, but learned that because Urey was a Nobel laureate, his opinion was an important factor in Harvard denying Sagan tenure.[74]
Sagan's Harvard friend Lester Grinspoon also stated, "I know Harvard well enough to know there are people there who certainly do not like people" who are outspoken.[74] Grinspoon added:

Wherever you turned, there was one astronomer being quoted on everything, one astronomer whose face you were seeing on TV, and one astronomer whose books had the preferred display slot at the local bookstore.[74]

Some, like Urey, later came to realize Sagan's popular brand of scientific advocacy was beneficial to the science as a whole.[76] Urey especially liked Sagan's 1977 book, The Dragons of Eden, and wrote Sagan with his opinion: "I like it very much and am amazed that someone like you has such an intimate knowledge of the various features of the problem...I congratulate you...You are a man of many talents."[76]
Sagan was accused of borrowing some ideas of others for his own benefit, while Sagan countered these claims by explaining that the misappropriation was an unfortunate side effect of his role as a science communicator and explainer, and that he attempted to give proper credit whenever possible.[74]
Social concerns[edit]
Sagan believed that the Drake equation, on substitution of reasonable estimates, suggested that a large number of extraterrestrial civilizations would form, but that the lack of evidence of such civilizations highlighted by the Fermi paradox suggests technological civilizations tend to self-destruct. This stimulated his interest in identifying and publicizing ways that humanity could destroy itself, with the hope of avoiding such a cataclysm and eventually becoming a spacefaring species. Sagan's deep concern regarding the potential destruction of human civilization in a nuclear holocaust was conveyed in a memorable cinematic sequence in the final episode of Cosmos, called "Who Speaks for Earth?" Sagan had already resigned[date missing] from the Air Force Scientific Advisory Board's UFO investigating Condon Committee and voluntarily surrendered his top secret clearance in protest over the Vietnam War.[77] Following his marriage to his third wife (novelist Ann Druyan) in June 1981, Sagan became more politically active—particularly in opposing escalation of the nuclear arms race under President Ronald Reagan.




The United States and Soviet Union/Russia nuclear stockpiles, in total number of nuclear bombs/warheads in existence throughout the Cold War and post-Cold War era.


In March 1983, Reagan announced the Strategic Defense Initiative—a multibillion-dollar project to develop a comprehensive defense against attack by nuclear missiles, which was quickly dubbed the "Star Wars" program. Sagan spoke out against the project, arguing that it was technically impossible to develop a system with the level of perfection required, and far more expensive to build such a system than it would be for an enemy to defeat it through decoys and other means—and that its construction would seriously destabilize the "nuclear balance" between the United States and the Soviet Union, making further progress toward nuclear disarmament impossible.[78]
When Soviet leader Mikhail Gorbachev declared a unilateral moratorium on the testing of nuclear weapons, which would begin on August 6, 1985—the 40th anniversary of the atomic bombing of Hiroshima—the Reagan administration dismissed the dramatic move as nothing more than propaganda, and refused to follow suit. In response, US anti-nuclear and peace activists staged a series of protest actions at the Nevada Test Site, beginning on Easter Sunday in 1986 and continuing through 1987. Hundreds of people in the "Nevada Desert Experience" group were arrested, including Sagan, who was arrested on two separate occasions as he climbed over a chain-link fence at the test site during the underground Operation Charioteer and United States's Musketeer nuclear test series of detonations.[79]
Sagan was also a vocal advocate of the controversial notion of testosterone poisoning, arguing in 1992 that human males could become gripped by an "unusually severe [case of] testosterone poisoning" and this could compel them to become genocidal.[80] In his review of Moondance magazine writer Daniela Gioseffi's 1990 book Women on War, he argues that females are the only half of humanity "untainted by testosterone poisoning".[81] One chapter of his 1993 book, Shadows of Forgotten Ancestors is dedicated to testosterone and its alleged poisonous effects.[82]
Personal life and beliefs[edit]


"I have just finished The Cosmic Connection and loved every word of it. You are my idea of a good writer because you have an unmannered style, and when I read what you write, I hear you talking. One thing about the book made me nervous. It was entirely too obvious that you are smarter than I am. I hate that."

Isaac Asimov, in letter to Sagan, 1973[83][84]
Sagan was married three times. In 1957, he married biologist Lynn Margulis. The couple had two children, Jeremy and Dorion Sagan. After Carl Sagan and Margulis divorced, he married artist Linda Salzman in 1968 and they also had a child together, Nick Sagan. During these marriages, Carl Sagan focused heavily on his career, a factor which may have contributed to Sagan's first divorce.[19] In 1981, Sagan married author Ann Druyan and they later had two children, Alexandra and Samuel Sagan. Carl Sagan and Druyan remained married until his death in 1996. He lived in an Egyptian revival house in Ithaca perched on the edge of a cliff that had formerly been the headquarters of a Cornell secret society.[85]
Isaac Asimov described Sagan as one of only two people he ever met whose intellect surpassed his own. The other, he claimed, was the computer scientist and artificial intelligence expert Marvin Minsky.[86]
Sagan wrote frequently about religion and the relationship between religion and science, expressing his skepticism about the conventional conceptualization of God as a sapient being. For example:

Some people think God is an outsized, light-skinned male with a long white beard, sitting on a throne somewhere up there in the sky, busily tallying the fall of every sparrow. Others—for example Baruch Spinoza and Albert Einstein—considered God to be essentially the sum total of the physical laws which describe the universe. I do not know of any compelling evidence for anthropomorphic patriarchs controlling human destiny from some hidden celestial vantage point, but it would be madness to deny the existence of physical laws.[87]

In another description of his view on the concept of God, Sagan emphatically wrote:

The idea that God is an oversized white male with a flowing beard who sits in the sky and tallies the fall of every sparrow is ludicrous. But if by God one means the set of physical laws that govern the universe, then clearly there is such a God. This God is emotionally unsatisfying ... it does not make much sense to pray to the law of gravity.[88]

On atheism, Sagan commented in 1981:

An atheist is someone who is certain that God does not exist, someone who has compelling evidence against the existence of God. I know of no such compelling evidence. Because God can be relegated to remote times and places and to ultimate causes, we would have to know a great deal more about the universe than we do now to be sure that no such God exists. To be certain of the existence of God and to be certain of the nonexistence of God seem to me to be the confident extremes in a subject so riddled with doubt and uncertainty as to inspire very little confidence indeed.[89]

Sagan also commented on Christianity and the Jefferson Bible, stating "My long-time view about Christianity is that it represents an amalgam of two seemingly immiscible parts, the religion of Jesus and the religion of Paul. Thomas Jefferson attempted to excise the Pauline parts of the New Testament. There wasn't much left when he was done, but it was an inspiring document."[90]
Regarding spirituality and its relationship with science, Sagan stated:

'Spirit' comes from the Latin word 'to breathe'. What we breathe is air, which is certainly matter, however thin. Despite usage to the contrary, there is no necessary implication in the word 'spiritual' that we are talking of anything other than matter (including the matter of which the brain is made), or anything outside the realm of science. On occasion, I will feel free to use the word. Science is not only compatible with spirituality; it is a profound source of spirituality. When we recognize our place in an immensity of light-years and in the passage of ages, when we grasp the intricacy, beauty, and subtlety of life, then that soaring feeling, that sense of elation and humility combined, is surely spiritual.[91]

An environmental appeal, "Preserving and Cherishing the Earth", signed by Sagan with other noted scientists in January 1990, stated that "The historical record makes clear that religious teaching, example, and leadership are powerfully able to influence personal conduct and commitment... Thus, there is a vital role for religion and science."
In reply to a question in 1996 about his religious beliefs, Sagan answered, "I'm agnostic."[92] Sagan maintained that the idea of a creator God of the Universe was difficult to prove or disprove and that the only conceivable scientific discovery that could challenge it would be an infinitely old universe.[93] Sagan's views on religion have been interpreted as a form of pantheism comparable to Einstein's belief in Spinoza's God.[94] His son, Dorion Sagan said, "My father believed in the God of Spinoza and Einstein, God not behind nature but as nature, equivalent to it."[95] His last wife, Ann Druyan, stated:

When my husband died, because he was so famous and known for not being a believer, many people would come up to me—it still sometimes happens—and ask me if Carl changed at the end and converted to a belief in an afterlife. They also frequently ask me if I think I will see him again. Carl faced his death with unflagging courage and never sought refuge in illusions. The tragedy was that we knew we would never see each other again. I don't ever expect to be reunited with Carl.[96]

In 2006, Ann Druyan edited Sagan's 1985 Glasgow Gifford Lectures in Natural Theology into a book, The Varieties of Scientific Experience: A Personal View of the Search for God, in which he elaborates on his views of divinity in the natural world.




Carl Sagan (center) speaks with CDC employees in 1988.


Sagan is also widely regarded as a freethinker or skeptic; one of his most famous quotations, in Cosmos, was, "Extraordinary claims require extraordinary evidence"[97] (called the "Sagan Standard" by some[98]). This was based on a nearly identical statement by fellow founder of the Committee for the Scientific Investigation of Claims of the Paranormal, Marcello Truzzi, "An extraordinary claim requires extraordinary proof."[99][100] This idea had been earlier aphorized in Théodore Flournoy's work From India to the Planet Mars (1899) from a longer quote by Pierre-Simon Laplace (1749–1827), a French mathematician and astronomer, as the Principle of Laplace: "The weight of the evidence should be proportioned to the strangeness of the facts."[101]
Late in his life, Sagan's books elaborated on his skeptical, naturalistic view of the world. In The Demon-Haunted World, he presented tools for testing arguments and detecting fallacious or fraudulent ones, essentially advocating wide use of critical thinking and the scientific method. The compilation Billions and Billions: Thoughts on Life and Death at the Brink of the Millennium, published in 1997 after Sagan's death, contains essays written by Sagan, such as his views on abortion, and his widow Ann Druyan's account of his death as a skeptic, agnostic, and freethinker.
Sagan warned against humans' tendency towards anthropocentrism. He was the faculty adviser for the Cornell Students for the Ethical Treatment of Animals. In the Cosmos chapter "Blues For a Red Planet", Sagan wrote, "If there is life on Mars, I believe we should do nothing with Mars. Mars then belongs to the Martians, even if the Martians are only microbes."[102]
Sagan was a user and advocate of marijuana. Under the pseudonym "Mr. X", he contributed an essay about smoking cannabis to the 1971 book Marihuana Reconsidered.[103][104] The essay explained that marijuana use had helped to inspire some of Sagan's works and enhance sensual and intellectual experiences. After Sagan's death, his friend Lester Grinspoon disclosed this information to Sagan's biographer, Keay Davidson. The publishing of the biography, Carl Sagan: A Life, in 1999 brought media attention to this aspect of Sagan's life.[105][106][107] Not long after his death, widow Ann Druyan had gone on to preside over the board of directors of the National Organization for the Reform of Marijuana Laws (NORML), a non-profit organization dedicated to reforming cannabis laws.[108][109]
In 1994, engineers at Apple Computer code-named the Power Macintosh 7100 "Carl Sagan" in the hope that Apple would make "billions and billions" with the sale of the PowerMac 7100.[5] The name was only used internally, but Sagan was concerned that it would become a product endorsement and sent Apple a cease-and-desist letter. Apple complied, but engineers retaliated by changing the internal codename to "BHA" for “Butt-Head Astronomer”.[110][111] Sagan then sued Apple for libel in federal court. The court granted Apple's motion to dismiss Sagan's claims and opined in dicta that a reader aware of the context would understand Apple was "clearly attempting to retaliate in a humorous and satirical way", and that "It strains reason to conclude that Defendant was attempting to criticize Plaintiff's reputation or competency as an astronomer. One does not seriously attack the expertise of a scientist using the undefined phrase 'butt-head'."[110][112] Sagan then sued for Apple's original use of his name and likeness, but again lost.[113] Sagan appealed the ruling.[113] In November 1995, an out-of-court settlement was reached and Apple's office of trademarks and patents released a conciliatory statement that "Apple has always had great respect for Dr. Sagan. It was never Apple's intention to cause Dr. Sagan or his family any embarrassment or concern."[114] Apple's third and final code name for the project was "LAW", short for "Lawyers are Wimps".[111]
Sagan briefly served as an adviser on Stanley Kubrick's film 2001: A Space Odyssey.[7]:168 Sagan proposed that the film suggest, rather than depict, extraterrestrial superintelligence.[115]
Sagan and UFOs[edit]
In 1947, the year that inaugurated the "flying saucer" craze, the young Sagan suspected the "discs" might be alien spaceships.[9]
Sagan's interest in UFO reports prompted him on August 3, 1952, to write a letter to U.S. Secretary of State Dean Acheson to ask how the United States would respond if flying saucers turned out to be extraterrestrial.[7]:51–52 He later had several conversations on the subject in 1964 with Jacques Vallée.[116] Though quite skeptical of any extraordinary answer to the UFO question, Sagan thought scientists should study the phenomenon, at least because there was widespread public interest in UFO reports.
Stuart Appelle notes that Sagan "wrote frequently on what he perceived as the logical and empirical fallacies regarding UFOs and the abduction experience. Sagan rejected an extraterrestrial explanation for the phenomenon but felt there were both empirical and pedagogical benefits for examining UFO reports and that the subject was, therefore, a legitimate topic of study."[117]
In 1966 Sagan was a member of the Ad Hoc Committee to Review Project Blue Book, the U.S. Air Force's UFO investigation project. The committee concluded Blue Book had been lacking as a scientific study, and recommended a university-based project to give the UFO phenomenon closer scientific scrutiny. The result was the Condon Committee (1966–68), led by physicist Edward Condon, and in their final report they formally concluded that UFOs, regardless of what any of them actually were, did not behave in a manner consistent with a threat to national security.
Sociologist Ron Westrum writes that "The high point of Sagan's treatment of the UFO question was the AAAS' symposium in 1969. A wide range of educated opinions on the subject were offered by participants, including not only proponents such as James McDonald and J. Allen Hynek but also skeptics like astronomers William Hartmann and Donald Menzel. The roster of speakers was balanced, and it is to Sagan's credit that this event was presented in spite of pressure from Edward Condon."[116] With physicist Thornton Page, Sagan edited the lectures and discussions given at the symposium; these were published in 1972 as UFO's: A Scientific Debate. Some of Sagan's many books examine UFOs (as did one episode of Cosmos) and he claimed a religious undercurrent to the phenomenon.
Sagan again revealed his views on interstellar travel in his 1980 Cosmos series. In one of his last written works, Sagan argued that the chances of extraterrestrial spacecraft visiting Earth are vanishingly small. However, Sagan did think it plausible that Cold War concerns contributed to governments misleading their citizens about UFOs, and wrote that "some UFO reports and analyses, and perhaps voluminous files, have been made inaccessible to the public which pays the bills ... It's time for the files to be declassified and made generally available." He cautioned against jumping to conclusions about suppressed UFO data and stressed that there was no strong evidence that aliens were visiting the Earth either in the past or present.[118]
Sagan's Paradox
Sagan's contribution to the 1969 symposium was an attack on the belief that UFOs are piloted by extraterrestrial beings: Applying several logical assumptions (see Drake equation), Sagan calculated the possible number of advanced civilizations capable of interstellar travel to be about one million. He projected that any civilization wishing to check on all the others on a regular basis of, say, once a year would have to launch 10,000 spacecraft annually. Not only does that seem like an unreasonable number of launchings, but it would take all the material in one percent of the universe's stars to produce all the spaceships needed for all the civilizations to seek each other out.
To argue that the earth was being chosen for regular visitations, Sagan said, one would have to assume that the planet is somehow unique. And that assumption "goes exactly against the idea that there are lots of civilizations around. Because if there are then our sort of civilization must be pretty common. And if we're not pretty common then there aren't going to be many civilizations advanced enough to send visitors."
This argument, which some called "Sagan's paradox," helped to establish a new school of thought: the belief that extraterrestrial life exists but has nothing to do with UFOs. The new belief had a salutary effect on UFO studies. It helped separate researchers who wanted to identify unidentified flying objects from those who wanted to identify their pilots. And it gave scientists opportunities to search the universe for intelligent life unencumbered by the stigma associated with UFOs.[119]
Death[edit]




Stone dedicated to Carl Sagan in the Celebrity Path of the Brooklyn Botanic Garden


After suffering from myelodysplasia for two years, and receiving three bone marrow transplants from his sister Cari, Sagan died of pneumonia at the age of 62, at the Fred Hutchinson Cancer Research Center in Seattle, Washington, in the early morning of December 20, 1996.[120] Burial took place at Lakeview Cemetery in Ithaca, New York.[121]
Posthumous recognition[edit]
The 1997 movie Contact, based on Sagan's novel of the same name and finished after his death, ends with the dedication "For Carl". His photo can also be seen at 59:23 in the film.
In 1997 the Sagan Planet Walk was opened in Ithaca, New York. It is a walking-scale model of the Solar System, extending 1.2 km from the center of The Commons in downtown Ithaca to the Sciencenter, a hands-on museum. The exhibition was created in memory of Carl Sagan, who was an Ithaca resident and Cornell Professor. Professor Sagan had been a founding member of the museum's advisory board.[122]
The landing site of the unmanned Mars Pathfinder spacecraft was renamed the Carl Sagan Memorial Station on July 5, 1997. Asteroid 2709 Sagan is named in his honor, as is the Carl Sagan Institute for the search of habitable planets.
Sagan's son, Nick Sagan, wrote several episodes in the Star Trek franchise. In an episode of Star Trek: Enterprise entitled "Terra Prime", a quick shot is shown of the relic rover Sojourner, part of the Mars Pathfinder mission, placed by a historical marker at Carl Sagan Memorial Station on the Martian surface. The marker displays a quote from Sagan: "Whatever the reason you're on Mars, I'm glad you're there, and I wish I was with you." Sagan's student Steve Squyres led the team that landed the rovers Spirit and Opportunity successfully on Mars in 2004.
On November 9, 2001, on what would have been Sagan's 67th birthday, the Ames Research Center dedicated the site for the Carl Sagan Center for the Study of Life in the Cosmos. "Carl was an incredible visionary, and now his legacy can be preserved and advanced by a 21st century research and education laboratory committed to enhancing our understanding of life in the universe and furthering the cause of space exploration for all time", said NASA Administrator Daniel Goldin. Ann Druyan was at the Center as it opened its doors on October 22, 2006.
Sagan has at least three awards named in his honor:

The Carl Sagan Memorial Award presented jointly since 1997 by the American Astronomical Society and The Planetary Society,
The Carl Sagan Medal for Excellence in Public Communication in Planetary Science presented since 1998 by the American Astronomical Society's Division for Planetary Sciences (AAS/DPS) for outstanding communication by an active planetary scientist to the general public—Carl Sagan was one of the original organizing committee members of the DPS, and
The Carl Sagan Award for Public Understanding of Science presented by the Council of Scientific Society Presidents (CSSP)—Sagan was the first recipient of the CSSP award in 1993.[123]

August 2007 the Independent Investigations Group (IIG) awarded Sagan posthumously a Lifetime Achievement Award. This honor has also been awarded to Harry Houdini and James Randi.[124]
Beginning in 2009, a musical project known as Symphony of Science sampled several excerpts of Sagan from his series Cosmos and remixed them to electronic music. To date, the videos have received over 21 million views worldwide on YouTube.[125]
The 2014 Swedish science fiction short film Wanderers uses excerpts of Sagan's narration of his book Pale Blue Dot, played over digitally-created visuals of humanity's possible future expansion into outer space.[126][127]
In February 2015, the Finnish-based symphonic metal band Nightwish released the song "Sagan" as a non-album bonus track for their single "Élan".[128] The song, written by the band's songwriter/composer/keyboardist Tuomas Holopainen, is an homage to the life and work of the late Carl Sagan.
In August 2015, it was announced that a biopic of Sagan's life was being planned by Warner Bros.[129]
Awards and honors[edit]


NASA Distinguished Public Service Medal




Annual Award for Television Excellence—1981—Ohio State University—PBS series Cosmos: A Personal Voyage
Apollo Achievement Award—National Aeronautics and Space Administration
NASA Distinguished Public Service Medal—National Aeronautics and Space Administration (1977)
Emmy—Outstanding Individual Achievement—1981—PBS series Cosmos: A Personal Voyage[42]
Emmy—Outstanding Informational Series—1981—PBS series Cosmos: A Personal Voyage[42]
Exceptional Scientific Achievement Medal—National Aeronautics and Space Administration
Helen Caldicott Leadership Award – Awarded by Women's Action for Nuclear Disarmament
Hugo Award—1981—Best Dramatic Presentation—Cosmos: A Personal Voyage
Hugo Award—1981—Best Related Non-Fiction Book—Cosmos
Hugo Award—1998—Best Dramatic Presentation—Contact
Humanist of the Year—1981—Awarded by the American Humanist Association[130]
American Philosophical Society—1995—Elected to membership.[131]
In Praise of Reason Award—1987—Committee for Skeptical Inquiry [132]
Isaac Asimov Award—1994—Committee for Skeptical Inquiry[133]
John F. Kennedy Astronautics Award—1982—American Astronautical Society[134]
Special non-fiction Campbell Memorial Award—1974—The Cosmic Connection: An Extraterrestrial Perspective[135]
Joseph Priestley Award—"For distinguished contributions to the welfare of mankind"[136]
Klumpke-Roberts Award of the Astronomical Society of the Pacific—1974
Konstantin Tsiolkovsky Medal—Awarded by the Soviet Cosmonauts Federation
Locus Award 1986—Contact
Lowell Thomas Award—The Explorers Club—75th Anniversary
Masursky Award—American Astronomical Society
Miller Research Fellowship—Miller Institute (1960–1962)
Oersted Medal—1990—American Association of Physics Teachers
Peabody Award—1980—PBS series Cosmos: A Personal Voyage
Le Prix Galabert d’astronautique—International Astronautical Federation (IAF)[citation needed]
Public Welfare Medal—1994—National Academy of Sciences[137]
Pulitzer Prize for General Non-Fiction—1978—The Dragons of Eden
Science Fiction Chronicle Award—1998—Dramatic Presentation—Contact
Named the "99th Greatest American" on June 5, 2005, Greatest American television series on the Discovery Channel[citation needed]
Named an honorary member of the Demosthenian Literary Society on November 10, 2011
New Jersey Hall of Fame—2009—Inductee.[138]
Committee for Skeptical Inquiry (CSI) Pantheon of Skeptics—April 2011—Inductee[b][140]


Publications[edit]


Sagan, Carl; Leonard, Jonathan Norton (1966). Planets. Life Science Library. Editors of Life. New York: Time Inc. LCCN 66022436. OCLC 346361. 
——; Shklovskii, I.S. (1966) [Originally published 1962 as Вселенная, жизнь, разум; Moscow: USSR Academy of Sciences Publisher]. Intelligent Life in the Universe. Authorized translation by Paula Fern. San Francisco: Holden-Day, Inc. LCCN 64018404. OCLC 317314. 
——; Page, Thornton, eds. (1972). UFO's: A Scientific Debate. Ithaca, NY: Cornell University Press. ISBN 0-801-40740-0. LCCN 72004572. OCLC 415373. 
——, ed. (1973). Communication with Extraterrestrial Intelligence (CETI). Cambridge, MA: MIT Press. ISBN 0-262-19106-7. LCCN 73013999. OCLC 700752. 
——; Bradbury, Ray; Clarke, Arthur C.; et al. (1973). Mars and the Mind of Man (1st ed.). New York: Harper & Row. ISBN 0-060-10443-0. LCCN 72009746. OCLC 613541. 
—— (1973). The Cosmic Connection: An Extraterrestrial Perspective. Produced by Jerome Agel (1st ed.). Garden City, NY: Anchor Press. ISBN 0-385-00457-5. LCCN 73081117. OCLC 756158. 
—— (1975). Other Worlds. Produced by Jerome Agel. Toronto, NY: Bantam Books. ISBN 0-552-66439-1. OCLC 3029556. 
—— (1977). The Dragons of Eden: Speculations on the Evolution of Human Intelligence (1st ed.). New York: Random House. ISBN 0-394-41045-9. LCCN 76053472. OCLC 2922889. 
——; Drake, F. D.; Lomberg, Jon; et al. (1978). Murmurs of Earth: The Voyager Interstellar Record (1st ed.). New York: Random House. ISBN 0-394-41047-5. LCCN 77005991. OCLC 4037611. 
—— (1979). Broca's Brain: Reflections on the Romance of Science (1st ed.). New York: Random House. ISBN 0-394-50169-1. LCCN 78021810. OCLC 4493944. 
—— (1980). Cosmos (1st ed.). New York: Random House. ISBN 0-394-50294-9. LCCN 80005286. OCLC 6280573. 
——; Ehrlich, Paul R.; Kennedy, Donald; et al. (1984). The Cold and the Dark: The World after Nuclear War: The Conference on the Long-Term Worldwide Biological Consequences of Nuclear War. Foreword by Lewis Thomas (1st ed.). New York: W. W. Norton & Company. ISBN 0-393-01870-9. LCCN 84006070. OCLC 10697281. 
——; Druyan, Ann (1985). Comet (1st ed.). New York: Random House. ISBN 0-394-54908-2. LCCN 85008308. OCLC 811602694. 
—— (1985). Contact: A Novel. New York: Simon & Schuster. ISBN 0-671-43400-4. LCCN 85014645. OCLC 12344811. 
——; Turco, Richard (1990). A Path Where No Man Thought: Nuclear Winter and the End of the Arms Race (1st ed.). New York: Random House. ISBN 0-394-58307-8. LCCN 89043155. OCLC 20217496. 
——; Druyan, Ann (1992). Shadows of Forgotten Ancestors: A Search for Who We Are (1st ed.). New York: Random House. ISBN 0-394-53481-6. LCCN 92050155. OCLC 25675747. 
Sagan, Carl; Turco, Richard P. (November 1993). "Nuclear Winter in the Post-Cold War Era". Journal of Peace Research. Sage Publications, Ltd. 30 (4): 369–373. Retrieved 9 June 2017. 
—— (1994). Pale Blue Dot: A Vision of the Human Future in Space (1st ed.). New York: Random House. ISBN 0-679-43841-6. LCCN 94018121. OCLC 30736355. 
—— (1995). The Demon-Haunted World: Science as a Candle in the Dark (1st ed.). New York: Random House. ISBN 0-394-53512-X. LCCN 95034076. OCLC 779687822.  (Note: errata slip inserted.)
——; Druyan, Ann (1997). Billions and Billions: Thoughts on Life and Death at the Brink of the Millennium (1st ed.). New York: Random House. ISBN 0-679-41160-7. LCCN 96052730. OCLC 36066119. 
—— (2006) [Edited from 1985 Gifford Lectures, University of Glasgow]. Druyan, Ann, ed. The Varieties of Scientific Experience: A Personal View of the Search for God. New York: Penguin Press. ISBN 1-59420-107-2. LCCN 2006044827. OCLC 69021064. 


See also[edit]

List of peace activists
Sagan effect
Neil deGrasse Tyson

Notes[edit]



^ Richard Feynman, a precursor to Sagan, was observed to have used the phrase "billions and billions" many times in his "red books". However, Sagan's frequent use of the word billions, and distinctive delivery emphasizing the "b" (which he did intentionally, in place of more cumbersome alternatives such as "billions with a 'b'", in order to distinguish the word from "millions"),[46] made him a favorite target of comic performers, including Johnny Carson,[49] Gary Kroeger, Mike Myers, Bronson Pinchot, Penn Jillette, Harry Shearer, and others. Frank Zappa satirized the line in the song "Be in My Video", noting as well "atomic light". Sagan took this all in good humor, and his final book was entitled Billions and Billions, which opened with a tongue-in-cheek discussion of this catchphrase, observing that Carson was an amateur astronomer and that Carson's comic caricature often included real science.[46]
^ CSI was formerly CSICOP, the Committee for the Scientific Investigation of Claims of the Paranormal.[139]



References[edit]


^ a b Sagan, Carl; Head, Tom (2006). Conversations with Carl Sagan (illustrated ed.). Univ. Press of Mississippi. p. 14. ISBN 978-1-57806-736-7.  Extract of page 14
^ a b "StarChild: Dr. Carl Sagan". StarChild. NASA. Retrieved October 8, 2009. 
^ The Seth MacFarlane Collection of the Carl Sagan and Ann Druyan Archive: A Finding Aid to the Collection in the Library of Congress (PDF). Manuscript Division, Library of Congress. 2013. 
^ Lowensohn, Josh (February 4, 2014). "Massive Carl Sagan archive posted by Library of Congress". The Verge. Retrieved 16 January 2016. 
^ a b Poundstone 1999, pp. 363–364, 374–375
^ "Carl Sagan". Internet Accuracy Project. Grandville, MI: Internet Accuracy Project. Retrieved August 22, 2012. 
^ a b c d e f g h i j k l m n o p q r s t u v Davidson 1999
^ a b c Spangenburg & Moser 2004, pp. 2–5
^ a b c "American National Biography Online, Carl Sagan". 
^ a b c Poundstone 1999, p. 15
^ a b Poundstone 1999, p. 14
^ "Ryerson Astronomical Society". Ryerson Astronomical Society (RAS). University of Chicago Department of Astronomy and Astrophysics. Retrieved August 22, 2012. 
^ Sagan, Carl (June 1960), Physical Studies of the Planets (dissertation), University of Chicago, p. ii, A thesis in four parts submitted in partial fulfillment of the requirements for the degree of Doctor of Philosophy in the Department of Astronomy, University of Chicago, June, 1960. 
^ "Graduate students receive first Sagan teaching awards". University of Chicago Chronicle. University of Chicago News Office. 13 (6). November 11, 1993. Retrieved August 30, 2013. 
^ Head 2006, p. xxi
^ Spangenburg & Moser 2004, p. 28
^ Tatarewicz, Joseph N. (1990), Space Technology & Planetary Astronomy, Science, technology, and society, Bloomington, IN: Indiana University Press, p. 22, ISBN 0-253-35655-5 
^ Lunar Exploration, by Paolo Ulivi (2004)
^ a b c d e f Morrison, David (January–February 2007). "Carl Sagan's Life and Legacy as Scientist, Teacher, and Skeptic". Skeptical Inquirer. Amherst, NY: Committee for Skeptical Inquiry. 31.1: 29–38. ISSN 0194-6730. Retrieved August 31, 2013. 
^ Reiffel, Leonard (4 May 2000). "Sagan breached security by revealing US work on a lunar bomb project". Nature. 405 (13): Correspondence. doi:10.1038/35011148. 
^ "Happy (Belated) Birthday Carl!". University of California, Berkeley The Berkeley Science Review. Retrieved December 1, 2013. 
^ a b Davidson, Keay (1999). Carl Sagan:A life. John Wiley & Sons. p. 138. ISBN 0-471-25286-7. 
^ Davidson, Keay (1999). Carl Sagan:A life. John Wiley & Sons. p. 204. ISBN 0-471-25286-7. 
^ Sagan, Carl. Demon-Haunted World: Science as a Candle in the Dark, Balantine Books (1996) p. 25
^ Davidson, Keay (1999). Carl Sagan:A life. John Wiley & Sons. p. 213. ISBN 0-471-25286-7. 
^ Sagan, Carl; Head, Tom (2006). Conversations with Carl Sagan (illustrated ed.). Univ. Press of Mississippi. p. xxi. ISBN 978-1-57806-736-7.  Extract of page xxi
^ a b Sagan, Carl (January 5, 1995). "An Interview with Carl Sagan". Charlie Rose (Interview). New York: PBS. Retrieved August 30, 2013. 
^ Pierrehumbert, Raymond T. (2010). Principles of Planetary Climate. Cambridge University Press. p. 202. ISBN 978-1-139-49506-6.  Extract of page 202
^ Much of Sagan's research in the field of planetary science is outlined by William Poundstone. Poundstone's biography of Sagan includes an 8-page list of Sagan's scientific articles published from 1957 to 1998. Detailed information about Sagan's scientific work comes from the primary research articles. Example: Sagan, C.; Thompson, W.R.; Khare, B.N. (1992). "Titan: A Laboratory for Prebiological Organic Chemistry". Accounts of Chemical Research. Washington, D.C.: American Chemical Society. 25 (7): 286–292. doi:10.1021/ar00019a003.  There is commentary on this research article about Titan at David J. Darling's The Encyclopedia of Science.
^ Pafumi, G.R. (2010). Is Our Vision of God Obsolete?: Often What We Believe is not What We Observe. Bloomington, IN: Xlibris. p. 338. ISBN 978-1-4415-9041-1. OCLC 710798384. Retrieved August 30, 2013. 
^ Sagan, Carl (1985) [Originally published 1980]. Cosmos (1st Ballantine Books ed.). New York: Ballantine Books. ISBN 0-345-33135-4. LCCN 80005286. OCLC 12814276. 
^ "Sagan, Carl Edward". Columbia Encyclopedia (Sixth ed.). New York: Columbia University Press. May 2001. Archived from the original on October 11, 2007. Retrieved August 30, 2013. 
^ No Writer Attributed (1963-08-21). "Sagan Synthesizes ATP In Laboratory". The Harvard Crimson. Retrieved 2015-09-12. 
^ "Carl Sagan". Pasadena, CA: The Planetary Society. Retrieved August 30, 2013. 
^ Benford, Gregory (1997). "A Tribute to Carl Sagan: Popular & Pilloried". Skeptic. The Skeptics Society. 13 (1). 
^ Shermer, Michael. "Candle in the Dark". The Works of Michael Shermer. Michael Shermer. Retrieved March 10, 2013.  Article originally published in November 2003 issue of Scientific American.
^ Impey, Chris (January–February 2000). "Carl Sagan, Carl Sagan: Biographies Echo an Extraordinary Life". American Scientist (Book review). Sigma Xi. 88 (1). ISSN 0003-0996. Retrieved March 10, 2013. 
^ "Carl Sagan". EMuseum. Minnesota State University, Mankato. Archived from the original on May 28, 2010. Retrieved August 30, 2013. 
^ "CosmoLearning Astronomy". CosmoLearning. Retrieved October 8, 2009. 
^ Vergano, Dan (March 16, 2014). "Who Was Carl Sagan?". National Geographic Daily News. Washington, D.C.: National Geographic Society. Retrieved May 13, 2014. 
^ a b Browne, Ray Broadus. The Guide to United States Popular Culture, Popular Press (2001) p. 704
^ a b c "Cosmos". Academy of Television Arts & Sciences. Retrieved September 4, 2013. 
^ Popular Science, Oct. 2005, p. 90
^ Golden, Frederic (October 20, 1980). "The Cosmic Explainer". Time. Retrieved August 30, 2013. 
^ "Carl Sagan on the Tonight Show with Johnny Carson, 1980"
^ a b c Sagan & Druyan 1997, pp. 3–4
^ Shapiro, Fred R., ed. (2006). The Yale Book of Quotations. Foreword by Joseph Epstein. New Haven, CT: Yale University Press. p. 660. ISBN 978-0-300-10798-2. LCCN 2006012317. OCLC 66527213. 
^ Johnny Carson parodies Carl Sagan
^ Frazier, Kendrick, ed. (July–August 2005). "Carl Sagan Takes Questions: More From His 'Wonder and Skepticism' CSICOP 1994 Keynote". Skeptical Inquirer. Amherst, NY: The Committee for Skeptical Inquiry. 29.4. Retrieved March 25, 2010. 
^ "Sagan". Dictionary.com Unabridged. Random House. Retrieved August 31, 2013.  Jargon File 4.2.0.
^ Safire, William (April 17, 1994). "Footprints on the Infobahn". The New York Times. Retrieved August 31, 2013. 
^ Gresshoff, P.M. (2004). "Scheel D. and Wasternack C.(eds) Plant Signal Transduction" (PDF). Annals of Botany (Book review). Oxford University Press. 93 (6): 783–784. doi:10.1093/aob/mch102. Retrieved August 31, 2013. 
^ "Christmas Lectures 1977: The Planets : Ri Channel". Ri Channel. London: Royal Institution of Great Britain. Retrieved February 7, 2012. 
^ Turco, R.P.; Toon, O.B.; Ackerman, T.P.; Pollack, J.B.; Sagan, C. (January 12, 1990). "Climate and smoke: an appraisal of nuclear winter". Science. Washington, D.C.: American Association for the Advancement of Science. 247 (4939): 166–176. doi:10.2307/2873486. Retrieved August 31, 2013.  JSTOR link to full text article. Carl Sagan discussed his involvement in the political nuclear winter debates and his erroneous global cooling prediction for the Gulf War fires in his book, The Demon-Haunted World.
^ "Answers - The Most Trusted Place for Answering Life's Questions". Answers.com. 
^ a b The U.S. National Security State and Scientists’Challenge to Nuclear Weapons during the Cold War. Paul Harold Rubinson 2008.
^ "Meet Carl Sagan". The Science Channel. Discovery Communications. Archived from the original on May 18, 2007. Retrieved August 31, 2013. 
^ Sagan, Carl. Recorded lecture at Cornell in 1994, from Pale Blue Dot: A Vision of the Human Future in Space, Ballantine Books (reprint) (1997) p. 88
^ "PAGE 1 OF 2: Burning oil wells could be disaster, Sagan says January 23, 1991". 
^ Wilmington morning Star January 21’st, 1991
^ Hirschmann, Kris. "The Kuwaiti Oil Fires". Facts on File. 
^ "FIRST ISRAELI SCUD FATALITIES OIL FIRES IN KUWAIT". Nightline. yes. 1991-01-22. ABC. 
^ Sagan 1995, p. 257
^ Head 2006, p. 86–87
^ a b c Sagan, Carl; Ostro, Steven J. (Summer 1994). "Long-Range Consequences Of Interplanetary Collisions" (PDF). Issues in Science and Technology. Washington, D.C.: National Academy of Sciences. 10 (4): 67–72. Bibcode:1994IST....10...67S. ISSN 0748-5492. Retrieved August 31, 2013. 
^ a b "Chapter 18. The Marsh of Camarina - Pale Blue Dot: A Vision of the Human Future in Space". e-reading.club. 
^ Morrison, David (October 3, 2007). "Taking a Hit: Asteroid Impacts & Evolution". Astronomical Society of the Pacific (Podcast). Astronomical Society of the Pacific. Retrieved August 31, 2013. 
^ Gault, Matthew (28 November 2013). "When Earth Dreamed of Nuking the Moon". medium.com. War is Boring. Retrieved 28 November 2013. 
^ Sagan, Carl (writer/host) (November 9, 1980). "The Backbone of Night". Cosmos: A Personal Voyage. Episode 7. PBS. 
^ Dicke, William (December 21, 1996). "Carl Sagan, an Astronomer Who Excelled at Popularizing Science, Is Dead at 62". The New York Times. Retrieved August 31, 2013. 
^ Davidson, p. 202
^ Davidson, p. 227
^ Davidson, p. 341
^ a b c d e Davidson, p. 203
^ Davidson, p. 204
^ a b Davidson, p. 297
^ Druyan, Ann (November 2000). "A New Sense of the Sacred Carl Sagan's 'Cosmic Connection'". The Humanist. Washington, D.C.: American Humanist Association. 60 (6). Retrieved August 29, 2013. 
^ How to Reduce the Risk of Nuclear Warfare: Carl Sagan on Space Exploration (1986). Press Club.
^ Spangenburg & Moser 2004, p. 106
^ Morris, Julian (2000). Rethinking Risk and the Precautionary Principle. Butterworth-Heinemann. p. 116. ISBN 978-0-08-051623-3.  Extract of page 116
^ Women On War, Daniela Gioseffi.
^ Brewster, Melanie E. (2014). Atheists in America (reprinted ed.). Columbia University Press. p. 102. ISBN 978-0-231-53700-1.  Extract of page 102
^ Maggio, Rosalie. How They Said it, Prentice-Hall Press (2000) p. 20
^ Photo of Asimov and Sagan
^ Dear Uncle Ezra, archived from the original on 2013-06-06, retrieved 2016-08-16 
^ Asimov, Isaac (1981) [Originally published 1980; Garden City, NY: Doubleday]. In Joy Still Felt: The Autobiography of Isaac Asimov, 1954–1978. New York: Avon. pp. 217, 302. ISBN 0-380-53025-2. LCCN 79003685. OCLC 7880716. 
^ Sagan, Carl (1980) [Originally published 1979]. Broca's Brain: Reflections on the Romance of Science (Reprint ed.). New York: Ballantine Books. p. 330. ISBN 0-345-33689-5. LCCN 78021810. OCLC 428008204. 
^ "Quotes on Religion – Carl Sagan". Atheism.about.com. IAC. Retrieved March 10, 2013. 
^ Head 2006, p. 70
^ Schei, Kenneth A. (1996). An Atheist for Jesus. Synthesis. ISBN 0-926491-01-6. 
^ Sagan, Carl; Druyan, Ann (1997). The Demon-Haunted World: Science as a Candle in the Dark. Ballantine Books ISBN 0345409469
^ Head, Tom (1997). "Conversations with Carl". Skeptic. The Skeptics Society. 13 (1): 32–38.  Excerpted in Head 2006
^ Sagan, Carl (1997) [Originally published 1995]. The Demon-Haunted World: Science as a Candle in the Dark (1st Ballantine Books ed.). New York: Ballantine Books. p. 278. ISBN 0-345-40946-9. LCCN 95034076. OCLC 36504316. 
^ Tracy, David (1990). "Kenosis, Sunyata, and Trinity: A Dialogue with Masao Abe". In Cobb, John B., Jr.; Ives, Christopher. The Emptying God: A Buddhist-Jewish-Christian Conversation. Faith Meets Faith Series. Essays by Masao Abe. Maryknoll, NY: Orbis Books. p. 52. ISBN 0-883-44670-7. LCCN 90031442. OCLC 318355646. [page verification needed]
^ edited by Lynn Margulis, Dorion Sagan (2007). Dazzle Gradually: Reflections on the Nature of Nature. Chelsea Green Publishing. p. 14. ISBN 1933392312. CS1 maint: Extra text: authors list (link)
^ Druyan, Ann (November–December 2003). "Ann Druyan Talks About Science, Religion, Wonder, Awe ... and Carl Sagan". Skeptical Inquirer. Amherst, NY: Committee for Skeptical Inquiry. 27.6. ISSN 0194-6730. Retrieved July 27, 2010. 
^ Sagan, Carl (writer/host) (December 14, 1980). "Encyclopaedia Galactica". Cosmos: A Personal Voyage. Episode 12. 01:24 minutes in. PBS. 
^ Rawson, Hugh (2008). "Sagan's Standard". The Unwritten Laws of Life. CSBC Ltd. Archived from the original on January 12, 2012. Retrieved September 1, 2013. 
^ Truzzi, Marcello (1978). "On the Extraordinary: An Attempt at Clarification" (PDF). Zetetic Scholar. 1 (1): 11. 
^ Truzzi, Marcello (1998). Binkowski, Edward, ed. "On Some Unfair Practices towards Claims of the Paranormal". Oxymoron: Annual Thematic Anthology of the Arts and Sciences. New York: Oxymoron Media, Inc. 2: The Fringe. ISSN 1090-2236. OCLC 35240974. Retrieved September 1, 2013. 
^ Flournoy, Théodore (1983) [Originally published 1899; Geneva: Édition Atar]. Des Indes à la Planète Mars: Étude sur un cas de Somnambulisme avec Glossolalie [From India to the Planet Mars: A Study of a Case of Somnambulism with Glossolalia] (in French). Introduction by Hélène Boursinhac; translation by Daniel B. Vermilye (Reprint ed.). Geneva: Éditions Slatkine. pp. 344–345. ISBN 2-05-100499-4. OCLC 11558608. 
^ Sagan 1980 (1985 ed.), p. 108
^ Grinspoon, Lester (1994) [2nd ed. published 1977; Cambridge, MA: Harvard University Press]. Marihuana Reconsidered. New introduction by author (2nd (reprint) ed.). Oakland, CA: Quick American Archives. ISBN 0-932551-13-0. LCCN 77076767. OCLC 32410025. 
^ Sagan, Carl. "Mr. X". Marijuana-Uses.com. Retrieved August 7, 2009. 
^ Whitehouse, David (October 15, 1999). "Carl Sagan: A life in the cosmos". BBC News. BBC. Retrieved August 30, 2013. 
^ Davidson, Keay (August 22, 1999). "Billions and Billions of '60s Flashbacks". The San Francisco Examiner. Retrieved May 2, 2007. 
^ Larsen, Dana (November 1, 1999). "Carl Sagan: toking astronomer". Cannabis Culture. Vancouver, B.C. Retrieved May 2, 2007. 
^ "Foundation Board of Directors". NORML.org. Washington, D.C.: NORML and the NORML Foundation. August 13, 2010. Archived from the original on January 4, 2011. Retrieved September 2, 2013. 
^ "Ann Druyan". NORML.org. Washington, D.C.: NORML and the NORML Foundation. Retrieved July 20, 2011. 
^ a b Poundstone 1999, p. 364
^ a b Linzmayer, Owen; Chaffin, Bryan (November 15, 2004). "This Week in Apple History: November 14–20: McIntosh, IIe Killed, Butt-Head Astronomer". The Mac Observer. The Mac Observer, Inc. Retrieved July 23, 2012. 
^ Sagan v. Apple Computer, Inc., 874 F.Supp. 1072 (USDC C.D. Cal. 1994), CV 94-2180 LGB (BRx); 1994 U.S. Dist. LEXIS 20154.
^ a b Poundstone 1999, p. 374
^ Poundstone 1999, pp. 374–375
^ Sagan, Carl (2000) [Originally published 1973]. "'Hello, Central Casting? Send Me Twenty Extraterrestrials'". Carl Sagan's Cosmic Connection: An Extraterrestrial Perspective. Produced by Jerome Agel; new contributions by Freeman Dyson, Ann Druyan, and David Morrison (2nd ed.). Cambridge; New York: Cambridge University Press. p. 183. ISBN 0-521-78303-8. LCCN 00020378. OCLC 460747781. 
^ a b Westrum, Ron (2000). "Limited Access: Six Natural Scientists and the UFO Phenomenon". In Jacobs, David M. UFOs and Abductions: Challenging the Borders of Knowledge. Lawrence, KS: University Press of Kansas. pp. 31–55. ISBN 0-7006-1032-4. LCCN 00028970. OCLC 43615835. 
^ Appelle, Stuart (2000). "Ufology and Academia: The UFO Phenomenon as a Scholarly Discipline". In Jacobs, David M. UFOs and Abductions: Challenging the Borders of Knowledge. Lawrence, KS: University Press of Kansas. pp. 7–30. ISBN 0-7006-1032-4. LCCN 00028970. OCLC 43615835. 
^ Sagan 1995, pp. 81–96, 99–104
^ David Jacobs "The UFO Controversy In America" (1987), p.122-124
^ Quarles, Norma (December 20, 1996). "Carl Sagan dies at 62". CNN. Retrieved December 5, 2011. Sagan was a noted astronomer whose lifelong passion was searching for intelligent life in the cosmos. 
^ Carl Sagan at Find a Grave
^ "Sagan Planet Walk". sciencenter.org. Ithaca, NY: Sciencenter. Retrieved March 10, 2013. 
^ "Sagan Award for Public Understanding of Science". Council of Scientific Society Presidents. Archived from the original on July 26, 2007. Retrieved May 2, 2007. 
^ "The 2007 IIG Awards". IIG. Los Angeles: Independent Investigations Group. August 18, 2007. Retrieved July 1, 2011. 
^ Boswell, John (November 9, 2009). A Glorious Dawn (7-in (17.5 cm) gramophone record). Nashville, TN: Third Man Records. Retrieved September 3, 2013. 
^ D'Orazio, Dante (30 November 2014). "Wonderful short film imagines the day when we conquer the solar system". The Verge. Retrieved 19 February 2016. 
^ David, Leonard (1 December 2014). "Epic Short Film 'Wanderers' Envisions Humanity's Future in Space". Space.com. Retrieved 21 February 2016. 
^ "Latest News - Nightwish – The Official Website". nightwish.com. 
^ "WARNER BROS. HEADS TO THE COSMOS WITH CARL SAGAN BIOPIC", Tracking Board, August 17, 2015
^ "From the AHA archives: Carl Sagan's 1981 Humanist of the year speech". americanhumanist.org. Retrieved 25 December 2014. 
^ "American Philosophical Society Member History". Philadelphia, PA: American Philosophical Society. Retrieved September 3, 2013. 
^ Shore, Lys Ann (1987). "Controversies in Science and Fringe Science: From Animals and SETI to Quackery and SHC". The Skeptical Inquirer. 12 (1): 12–13. 
^ Karr, Barry (1994). "Five Honored with CSICOP Awards". Skeptical Inquirer. 18 (5): 461–462. 
^ "John F. Kennedy Astronautics Award". Springfield, VA: American Astronautical Society. Retrieved September 3, 2013. 
^ "The John W. Campbell Memorial Award". Lawrence, KS: Center for the Study of Science Fiction. Retrieved September 3, 2013. 
^ "Carl Sagan - 1975". The Joseph Priestley Award. Dickinson University. Retrieved 1 February 2017. 
^ "Public Welfare Medal". Washington, D.C.: National Academy of Sciences. Retrieved February 18, 2011. 
^ Mascarenhas, Rohan (May 3, 2009). "2009 New Jersey Hall of Fame inductees welcomed at NJPAC". The Star-Ledger. Newark, NJ: Advance Publications. Retrieved September 3, 2013. 
^ "CSICOP becomes CSI after thirty years". Committee for Skeptical Inquiry. Committee for Skeptical Inquiry. 20 November 2006. Archived from the original on 15 August 2009. 
^ "The Pantheon of Skeptics". CSI. Committee for Skeptical Inquiry. Archived from the original on 31 January 2017. Retrieved 30 April 2017. 


Further reading[edit]


Terzian, Yervant; Bilson, Elizabeth, eds. (1997). Carl Sagan's Universe. Cambridge; New York: Cambridge University Press. ISBN 0-521-57603-2. LCCN 96040511. OCLC 36130681. 
Achenbach, Joel (1999). Captured by Aliens: The Search for Life and Truth in a Very Large Universe. New York: Simon & Schuster. ISBN 0-684-84856-2. LCCN 99037592. OCLC 41606346. 
Davidson, Keay (1999). Carl Sagan: A Life. New York: John Wiley & Sons. ISBN 0-471-25286-7. LCCN 99036206. OCLC 41580617. 
Poundstone, William (1999). Carl Sagan: A Life in the Cosmos. New York: Henry Holt and Company. ISBN 0-8050-5766-8. LCCN 99014615. OCLC 40979822. 
Spangenburg, Ray; Moser, Kit (2004). Carl Sagan: A Biography. Westport, CT: Greenwood Publishing Group. ISBN 0-313-32265-1. LCCN 2004015176. OCLC 55846272. 
Head, Tom, ed. (2006). Conversations with Carl Sagan (1st ed.). Jackson, MS: University Press of Mississippi. ISBN 1-57806-736-7. LCCN 2005048747. OCLC 60375648. 
Morrison, David (2006). "Carl Sagan: The People's Astronomer". AmeriQuests. Nashville, TN: Vanderbilt University. 3 (2). ISSN 1553-4316. Retrieved August 30, 2013. 


External links[edit]

Find more aboutCarl Saganat Wikipedia's sister projects

Definitions from Wiktionary
Media from Commons
Quotations from Wikiquote
Texts from Wikisource



The Carl Sagan Portal
Carl Sagan (1934-1996) Biographical memories
Sagan interviewed by Ted Turner, CNN, 1989, video: 44 minutes.
BBC Radio program "Great Lives" on Carl Sagan's life
"A man whose time has come"—Interview with Carl Sagan by Ian Ridpath, New Scientist, July 4, 1974
Carl Sagan on IMDb
Works by or about Carl Sagan in libraries (WorldCat catalog)
"Carl Sagan's Life and Legacy as Scientist, Teacher, and Skeptic", by David Morrison, Committee for Skeptical Inquiry
"A Tribute to Carl Sagan: Our Place in the Universe", by Bill Nye, The Skeptics Society
FBI Records: The Vault - Carl Sagan at fbi.gov
"NASA Technical Reports Server (NTRS) 19630011050: Direct Contact Among Galactic Civilizations by Relativistic Interstellar Spaceflight", Carl Sagan, when he was at Stanford University, in 1962, produced a controversial paper funded by a NASA research grant that concludes ancient alien intervention may have sparked human civilization.







v
t
e


Carl Sagan



Scientific career



Pioneer plaque
Faint young Sun paradox
Cosmic Calendar
Voyager Golden Record (Contents)
Voyager Family Portrait

Pale Blue Dot


The Planetary Society
Search for extraterrestrial intelligence (SETI)








Books





Science




Mars and the Mind of Man (1971)
The Cosmic Connection: An Extraterrestrial Perspective (1973)
The Dragons of Eden: Speculations on the Evolution of Human Intelligence (1977)
Murmurs of Earth: The Voyager Interstellar Record (1978)
Broca's Brain: Reflections on the Romance of Science (1979)
Cosmos (1980)
The Nuclear Winter: The World After Nuclear War (1983)
The Cold and the Dark: The World after Nuclear War (1984)
Comet (1985)
A Path Where No Man Thought: Nuclear Winter and the End of the Arms Race (1990)
Shadows of Forgotten Ancestors: A Search for Who We Are (1993)
Pale Blue Dot: A Vision of the Human Future in Space (1994)
The Demon-Haunted World: Science as a Candle in the Dark (1995)
Billions and Billions: Thoughts on Life and Death at the Brink of the Millennium (1997)
The Varieties of Scientific Experience: A Personal View of the Search for God (2006)






Fiction




Contact (1985)








Media



Cosmos: A Personal Voyage (1980 TV series)
Contact (1997 film)
Cosmos: A Spacetime Odyssey (2014 TV series)
Wanderers (2014 film narration)





Family



Lynn Margulis (first wife)
Dorion Sagan (son)
Jeremy Sagan (son)
Linda Salzman Sagan (second wife)
Nick Sagan (son)
Ann Druyan (third wife)





Sagan Prizes



Carl Sagan Memorial Award
Carl Sagan Medal
Carl Sagan Award for Public Understanding of Science





Recognition



Carl Sagan Institute
Sagan Planet Walk
Carl Sagan Memorial Station
2709 Sagan
Pale Blue Dot: A Tribute to Carl Sagan
Symphony of Science
The Sagan series





Other



Quotes
Sagan's number
900 Stewart Avenue












v
t
e


Pulitzer Prize for General Nonfiction (1976–2000)






Why Survive? Being Old in America by Robert Neil Butler (1976)
Beautiful Swimmers by William W. Warner (1977)
The Dragons of Eden by Carl Sagan (1978)
On Human Nature by Edward O. Wilson (1979)
Gödel, Escher, Bach: an Eternal Golden Braid by Douglas Hofstadter (1980)
Fin-de-siècle Vienna by Carl E. Schorske (1981)
The Soul of a New Machine by Tracy Kidder (1982)
Is There No Place on Earth for Me? by Susan Sheehan (1983)
The Social Transformation of American Medicine by Paul Starr (1984)
The Good War by Studs Terkel (1985)
Common Ground: A Turbulent Decade in the Lives of Three American Families by J. Anthony Lukas / Move Your Shadow by Joseph Lelyveld (1986)
Arab and Jew: Wounded Spirits in a Promised Land by David K. Shipler (1987)
The Making of the Atomic Bomb by Richard Rhodes (1988)
A Bright Shining Lie by Neil Sheehan (1989)
And Their Children After Them by Dale Maharidge and Michael Williamson (1990)
The Ants by Bert Hölldobler and Edward O. Wilson (1991)
The Prize: The Epic Quest for Oil, Money, and Power by Daniel Yergin (1992)
Lincoln at Gettysburg: The Words That Remade America by Garry Wills (1993)
Lenin's Tomb: The Last Days of the Soviet Empire by David Remnick (1994)
The Beak of the Finch: A Story Of Evolution In Our Time by Jonathan Weiner (1995)
The Haunted Land: Facing Europe's Ghosts After Communism by Tina Rosenberg (1996)
Ashes to Ashes: America's Hundred-Year Cigarette War, the Public Health, and the Unabashed Triumph of Philip Morris by Richard Kluger (1997)
Guns, Germs, and Steel: The Fates of Human Societies by Jared Diamond (1998)
Annals of the Former World by John McPhee (1999)
Embracing Defeat by John W. Dower (2000)








Complete list
(1962–1975)
(1976–2000)
(2001–2025)












v
t
e


The Planetary Society



Projects



Cosmos 1
Living Interplanetary Flight Experiment
LightSail 2





Programs



Planetary Radio (guests)
Planetary Report





People



Louis Friedman
Carl Sagan
Bruce C. Murray
Bill Nye
Wesley Huntress
Mat Kaplan












v
t
e


Criticism of religion



By religion



Buddhism
Christianity

Catholic

Opus Dei


Jehovah's Witnesses
Latter Day Saint movement
Protestantism
Seventh-day Adventist
Unification Church
Westboro Baptist Church


Hinduism
Islam

Islamism
Twelver Shi’ism
Wahhabism


Jainism
Judaism
Monotheism
New religious movement
Scientology
Sikhism
Yazdânism
Zoroastrianism





Religious texts



Bible
Quran
Hadiths
Mormon sacred texts

Book of Mormon


Talmud





Religious figures



Aisha
Charles Taze Russell
Ellen White
Jesus
Moses
Muhammad
Mirza Ghulam Ahmad
Saul





Religion and violence



Buddhism
Christianity

Mormonism


Judaism
Islam
Terrorism

Christian
Hindu
Islamic
Jewish


Persecution

Christian thought on persecution and tolerance


War

In Islam
In Judaism


Sectarian violence
By country

India

Anti-Christian violence
In Odisha


Nigeria
Pakistan







Books



Atheist Manifesto
Breaking the Spell: Religion as a Natural Phenomenon
Christianity Unveiled
God in the Age of Science?
God Is Not Great
God: The Failed Hypothesis
Letter to a Christian Nation
The Age of Reason
The Blind Watchmaker
The Caged Virgin
The End of Faith
The God Delusion
The Rage Against God
Why I Am Not a Christian
Why I Am Not a Muslim





Movements



Agnosticism
Antitheism
Atheism
Criticism of atheism
Cārvāka
New Atheism
Nontheistic religions
Parody religion









Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 36997809
LCCN: n79064998
ISNI: 0000 0001 2128 2295
GND: 115873937
SELIBR: 266983
SUDOC: 032799128
BNF: cb12375841d (data)
MusicBrainz: 5d63a48c-16fc-4515-be15-c97bf0b3e396
NLA: 35471465
NDL: 00455136
NKC: jn19990007295
BNE: XX989452










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Carl_Sagan&oldid=791744368"					
Categories: Carl Sagan1934 births1996 deaths20th-century American writers20th-century American novelistsFellows at the University of California, BerkeleyAmerican agnosticsCritics of religionsAmerican activistsAmerican anti–nuclear weapons activistsAmerican anti–Vietnam War activistsAmerican astronomersAmerican cannabis activistsAmerican humanistsAmerican naturalistsAmerican nature writersAmerican pacifistsAmerican people of Russian-Jewish descentAmerican science fiction writersAmerican science writersAmerican skepticsAmerican UFO writersAstrochemistryAstrophysicsCosmologistsCornell University facultyDeaths from pneumoniaHarvard University peopleInfectious disease deaths in Washington (state)Jewish American scientistsJewish skepticsCritics of alternative medicineJewish activistsJewish agnosticsWriters from BrooklynPantheistsPlanetary scientistsPulitzer Prize for General Non-Fiction winnersRahway High School alumniScience communicatorsSearch for extraterrestrial intelligenceInterstellar messagesSpace advocatesUniversity of Chicago alumniNational Academy of Sciences laureatesPresidents of The Planetary SocietyFellows of the Committee for Skeptical InquiryPeople associated with the American Museum of Natural HistoryMembers of the American Philosophical SocietySagan familyAmerican male novelistsAstrobiologistsSpinozistsHidden categories: All pages needing factual verificationWikipedia articles needing factual verification from September 2013CS1 maint: Extra text: authors listCS1 French-language sources (fr)Find a Grave template with ID same as WikidataUse mdy dates from July 2013Wikipedia articles needing clarification from October 2014Wikipedia articles needing clarification from March 2016All articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from September 2013Wikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with LCCN identifiersWikipedia articles with ISNI identifiersWikipedia articles with GND identifiersWikipedia articles with SELIBR identifiersWikipedia articles with BNF identifiersWikipedia articles with MusicBrainz identifiersWikipedia articles with NLA identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia CommonsWikiquoteWikisource 



Languages


Afrikaansالعربيةঅসমীয়াAsturianuAzərbaycancaবাংলাBân-lâm-gúБеларускаяБългарскиBosanskiCatalàČeštinaCymraegDanskDeutschEestiΕλληνικάEspañolEsperantoEuskaraفارسیFrançaisGaeilgeGalego한국어Հայերենहिन्दीHrvatskiIdoBahasa IndonesiaÍslenskaItalianoעבריתBasa Jawaಕನ್ನಡქართულიLatinaLatviešuLëtzebuergeschLietuviųLimburgsMagyarМакедонскиMalagasyമലയാളംमराठीمصرىBaso Minangkabauမြန်မာဘာသာNāhuatlNederlands日本語Norsk bokmålNorsk nynorskOccitanਪੰਜਾਬੀپنجابیPolskiPortuguêsRomânăRuna SimiРусскийScotsShqipSimple EnglishSlovenčinaSlovenščinaکوردیСрпски / srpskiSrpskohrvatski / српскохрватскиSuomiSvenskaTagalogதமிழ்తెలుగుไทยTürkçeУкраїнськаاردوTiếng ViệtWinaray中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 22 July 2017, at 06:20.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Carl Sagan - Wikipedia






















 






Carl Sagan

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search



Carl Sagan



Carl Sagan in 1980



Born
Carl Edward Sagan
(1934-11-09)November 9, 1934
Brooklyn, New York, U.S.


Died
December 20, 1996(1996-12-20) (aged 62)
Seattle, Washington, U.S.


Resting place
Ithaca, New York, U.S.


Nationality
American


Fields



Astronomy
astrophysics
cosmology
astrobiology
space science
planetary science





Institutions



Cornell University
Harvard University
Smithsonian Astrophysical Observatory
University of California, Berkeley





Alma mater
University of Chicago


Doctoral advisor
Gerard Kuiper


Doctoral students
Clark Chapman, James B. Pollack, Owen Toon


Known for



Search for Extra-Terrestrial Intelligence (SETI)
Cosmos: A Personal Voyage
Cosmos
Voyager Golden Record
Pioneer plaque
The Dragons of Eden
Contact
Pale Blue Dot





Notable awards
Klumpke-Roberts Award (1974)
NASA Distinguished Public Service Medal (1977)
Pulitzer Prize for General Non-Fiction (1978)
Oersted Medal (1990)
Carl Sagan Award for Public Understanding of Science (1993)
National Academy of Sciences Public Welfare Medal (1994)


Spouse
Lynn Margulis (m. 1957; div. 1965)
Linda Salzman (m. 1968; div. 1981)
Ann Druyan (m. 1981)


Children
5, including Dorion and Nick


Signature




Carl Edward Sagan (/ˈseɪɡən/; November 9, 1934 – December 20, 1996) was an American astronomer, cosmologist, astrophysicist, astrobiologist, author, science popularizer, and science communicator in astronomy and other natural sciences. He is best known for his work as a science popularizer and communicator. His best known scientific contribution is research on extraterrestrial life, including experimental demonstration of the production of amino acids from basic chemicals by radiation. Sagan assembled the first physical messages sent into space: the Pioneer plaque and the Voyager Golden Record, universal messages that could potentially be understood by any extraterrestrial intelligence that might find them. Sagan argued the now accepted hypothesis that the high surface temperatures of Venus can be attributed to and calculated using the greenhouse effect.[1]
Sagan published more than 600 scientific papers and articles and was author, co-author or editor of more than 20 books. He wrote many popular science books, such as The Dragons of Eden, Broca's Brain and Pale Blue Dot, and narrated and co-wrote the award-winning 1980 television series Cosmos: A Personal Voyage. The most widely watched series in the history of American public television, Cosmos has been seen by at least 500 million people across 60 different countries.[2] The book Cosmos was published to accompany the series. He also wrote the science fiction novel Contact, the basis for a 1997 film of the same name. His papers, containing 595,000 items,[3] are archived at The Library of Congress.[4]
Sagan advocated scientific skeptical inquiry and the scientific method, pioneered exobiology and promoted the Search for Extra-Terrestrial Intelligence (SETI). He spent most of his career as a professor of astronomy at Cornell University, where he directed the Laboratory for Planetary Studies. Sagan and his works received numerous awards and honors, including the NASA Distinguished Public Service Medal, the National Academy of Sciences Public Welfare Medal, the Pulitzer Prize for General Non-Fiction for his book The Dragons of Eden, and, regarding Cosmos: A Personal Voyage, two Emmy Awards, the Peabody Award and the Hugo Award. He married three times and had five children. After suffering from myelodysplasia, Sagan died of pneumonia at the age of 62, on December 20, 1996.



Contents


1 Early life

1.1 1939 World's Fair
1.2 World War II
1.3 Inquisitiveness about nature
1.4 High school years


2 Education
3 Scientific career
4 Scientific achievements
5 Cosmos: popularizing science on TV

5.1 "Billions and billions"


6 Scientific and critical thinking advocacy

6.1 Popularizing science
6.2 Criticisms


7 Social concerns
8 Personal life and beliefs
9 Sagan and UFOs
10 Death
11 Posthumous recognition
12 Awards and honors
13 Publications
14 See also
15 Notes
16 References
17 Further reading
18 External links



Early life[edit]
Carl Sagan was born in Brooklyn, New York.[5] His father, Samuel Sagan, was an immigrant garment worker from Kamianets-Podilskyi, then in the Russian Empire,[6] in today's Ukraine. His mother, Rachel Molly Gruber, was a housewife from New York. Carl was named in honor of Rachel's biological mother, Chaiya Clara, in Sagan's words, "the mother she never knew."[7]
He had a sister, Carol, and the family lived in a modest apartment near the Atlantic Ocean, in Bensonhurst, a Brooklyn neighborhood. According to Sagan, they were Reform Jews, the most liberal of North American Judaism's four main groups. Both Sagan and his sister agreed that their father was not especially religious, but that their mother "definitely believed in God, and was active in the temple ... and served only kosher meat."[7]:12 During the depths of the Depression, his father worked as a theater usher.
According to biographer Keay Davidson, Sagan's "inner war" was a result of his close relationship with both of his parents, who were in many ways "opposites." Sagan traced his later analytical urges to his mother, a woman who had been extremely poor as a child in New York City during World War I and the 1920s.[7]:2 As a young woman she had held her own intellectual ambitions, but they were frustrated by social restrictions: her poverty, her status as a woman and a wife, and her Jewish ethnicity. Davidson notes that she therefore "worshipped her only son, Carl. He would fulfill her unfulfilled dreams."[7]:2
However, he claimed that his sense of wonder came from his father. In his free time he gave apples to the poor or helped soothe labor-management tensions within New York's garment industry.[7]:2 Although he was awed by Carl's intellectual abilities, he took his son's inquisitiveness in stride and saw it as part of his growing up.[7]:2 In his later years as a writer and scientist, Sagan would often draw on his childhood memories to illustrate scientific points, as he did in his book, Shadows of Forgotten Ancestors.[7]:9 Sagan describes his parents' influence on his later thinking:

My parents were not scientists. They knew almost nothing about science. But in introducing me simultaneously to skepticism and to wonder, they taught me the two uneasily cohabiting modes of thought that are central to the scientific method.[8]

1939 World's Fair[edit]
Sagan recalls that one of his most defining moments was when his parents took him to the 1939 New York World's Fair when he was four years old. The exhibits became a turning point in his life. He later recalled the moving map of the America of Tomorrow exhibit: "It showed beautiful highways and cloverleaves and little General Motors cars all carrying people to skyscrapers, buildings with lovely spires, flying buttresses—and it looked great!"[7]:14 At other exhibits, he remembered how a flashlight that shone on a photoelectric cell created a crackling sound, and how the sound from a tuning fork became a wave on an oscilloscope. He also witnessed the future media technology that would replace radio: television. Sagan wrote:

Plainly, the world held wonders of a kind I had never guessed. How could a tone become a picture and light become a noise?[7]:14

He also saw one of the Fair's most publicized events, the burial of a time capsule at Flushing Meadows, which contained mementos of the 1930s to be recovered by Earth's descendants in a future millennium. "The time capsule thrilled Carl," writes Davidson. As an adult, Sagan and his colleagues would create similar time capsules—capsules that would be sent out into the galaxy; these were the Pioneer plaque and the Voyager Golden Record précis, all of which were spinoffs of Sagan's memories of the World's Fair.[7]:15
World War II[edit]
During World War II Sagan's family worried about the fate of their European relatives. Sagan, however, was generally unaware of the details of the ongoing war. He wrote, "Sure, we had relatives who were caught up in the Holocaust. Hitler was not a popular fellow in our household... But on the other hand, I was fairly insulated from the horrors of the war." His sister, Carol, said that their mother "above all wanted to protect Carl... She had an extraordinarily difficult time dealing with World War II and the Holocaust."[7]:15 Sagan's book, The Demon-Haunted World (1996), included his memories of this conflicted period, when his family dealt with the realities of the war in Europe but tried to prevent it from undermining his optimistic spirit.[8]
Inquisitiveness about nature[edit]
Soon after entering elementary school he began to express a strong inquisitiveness about nature. Sagan recalled taking his first trips to the public library alone, at the age of five, when his mother got him a library card. He wanted to learn what stars were, since none of his friends or their parents could give him a clear answer:

I went to the librarian and asked for a book about stars ... And the answer was stunning. It was that the Sun was a star but really close. The stars were suns, but so far away they were just little points of light ... The scale of the universe suddenly opened up to me. It was a kind of religious experience. There was a magnificence to it, a grandeur, a scale which has never left me. Never ever left me.[7]:18

At about age six or seven, he and a close friend took trips to the American Museum of Natural History across the East River in Manhattan. While there, they went to the Hayden Planetarium and walked around the museum's exhibits of space objects, such as meteorites, and displays of dinosaurs and animals in natural settings. Sagan writes about those visits:

I was transfixed by the dioramas—lifelike representations of animals and their habitats all over the world. Penguins on the dimly lit Antarctic ice; ...a family of gorillas, the male beating his chest, ...an American grizzly bear standing on his hind legs, ten or twelve feet tall, and staring me right in the eye.[7]:18

His parents helped nurture his growing interest in science by buying him chemistry sets and reading materials. His interest in space, however, was his primary focus, especially after reading science fiction stories by writers such as H. G. Wells and Edgar Rice Burroughs, which stirred his imagination about life on other planets such as Mars. According to biographer Ray Spangenburg, these early years as Sagan tried to understand the mysteries of the planets became a "driving force in his life, a continual spark to his intellect, and a quest that would never be forgotten."[8]
In 1947 he discovered Astounding Science Fiction magazine, which introduced him to more hard science fiction speculations than those in Burroughs's novels. That same year inaugurated the "flying saucer" mass hysteria with the young Carl suspecting the "discs" might be alien spaceships.[9]
High school years[edit]
Sagan had lived in Bensonhurst where he went to David A. Boody Junior High School. He had his bar mitzvah in Bensonhurst when he turned 13.[7]:23 The following year, 1948, his family moved to the nearby town of Rahway, New Jersey for his father's work, where Sagan then entered Rahway High School. He graduated in 1951.[7]:23 Rahway was an older industrial town, and the Sagans were among its few Jewish families.[7]:23




Photo of Sagan from high school yearbook, 1951


Sagan was a straight-A student but was bored due to unchallenging classes and uninspiring teachers.[7]:23 His teachers realized this and tried to convince his parents to send him to a private school, the administrator telling them, "This kid ought to go to a school for gifted children, he has something really remarkable."[7]:24 This they couldn't do, partly because of the cost.
Sagan was made president of the school's chemistry club, and at home he set up his own laboratory. He taught himself about molecules by making cardboard cutouts to help him visualize how molecules were formed: "I found that about as interesting as doing [chemical] experiments," he said.[7]:24 Sagan remained mostly interested in astronomy as a hobby, and in his junior year made it a career goal after he learned that astronomers were paid for doing what he always enjoyed: "That was a splendid day­­­­—when I began to suspect that if I tried hard I could do astronomy full-time, not just part-time."[7]:25
Before the end of high school, he entered an essay contest in which he posed the question of whether human contact with advanced life forms from another planet might be as disastrous for people on Earth as it was for Native Americans when they first had contact with Europeans.[10] The subject was considered controversial, but his rhetorical skill won over the judges and they awarded him first prize.[10] By graduation, his classmates had voted him "Most likely to succeed," and put him in line to be valedictorian.[10]
Education[edit]
Sagan attended the University of Chicago, which was one of the few colleges he applied to that would consider admitting a sixteen-year-old, despite his excellent high school grades. Its Chancellor, Robert Hutchins, structured the school as an "ideal meritocracy," with no age requirement.[11] The school also employed a number of the nation's leading scientists, including Enrico Fermi and Edward Teller, along with operating the famous Yerkes Observatory.[11]
During his time as an honors program undergraduate, Sagan worked in the laboratory of the geneticist H. J. Muller and wrote a thesis on the origins of life with physical chemist Harold Urey. Sagan joined the Ryerson Astronomical Society,[12] received a B.A. degree in self-proclaimed "nothing" with general and special honors in 1954, and a B.S. degree in physics in 1955. He went on to earn a M.S. degree in physics in 1956, before earning a Ph.D. degree in 1960 with the dissertation "Physical Studies of Planets" submitted to the Department of Astronomy and Astrophysics.[13][14][15][16]
He used the summer months of his graduate studies to work with his dissertation director, planetary scientist Gerard Kuiper, as well as physicist George Gamow, and chemist Melvin Calvin. The title of Sagan's dissertation reflects his shared interests with Kuiper, who throughout the 1950s had been president of the International Astronomical Union's commission on "Physical Studies of Planets and Satellites".[17] In 1958, the two worked on the classified military Project A119, the secret Air Force plan to detonate a nuclear warhead on the Moon.[18]
Sagan had a "Top Secret" clearance at the U.S. Air Force and a "Secret" clearance with NASA.[19] While working on his doctoral dissertation, Sagan revealed US Government classified titles of two Project A119 papers when he applied for a University of California at Berkeley scholarship in 1959. The leak was not publicly revealed until 1999, when it was published in the journal "Nature". A follow-up letter to the journal by project leader Leonard Reiffel confirmed Sagan's security leak.[20]
Scientific career[edit]
From 1960 to 1962 Sagan was a Miller Fellow at the University of California, Berkeley.[21] Meanwhile, he published an article in 1961 in the journal Science on the atmosphere of Venus, while also working with NASA's Mariner 2 team, and served as a "Planetary Sciences Consultant" to the RAND Corporation.[22]


Play media


Sagan is one of those discussing the likelihood of life on other planets in Who's Out There? (1973), an award-winning NASA documentary film by Robert Drew


After the publication of Sagan's Science article, in 1961 Harvard University astronomers Fred Whipple and Donald Menzel offered Sagan the opportunity to give a colloquium at Harvard, and they subsequently offered him a lecturer position at the institution. Sagan instead asked to be made an assistant professor, and eventually Whipple and Menzel were able to convince Harvard to offer Sagan the assistant professor position he requested.[22] Sagan lectured, performed research, and advised graduate students at the institution from 1963 until 1968, as well as working at the Smithsonian Astrophysical Observatory, both located in Cambridge, Massachusetts.
In 1968, Sagan was denied tenure at Harvard. He later indicated the decision was very much unexpected.[23] The tenure denial has been blamed on several factors, including that he focused his interests too broadly across a number of areas (while the norm in academia is to become a renowned expert in a narrow specialty), and perhaps because of his well-publicized scientific advocacy, which some scientists perceived as borrowing the ideas of others for little more than self-promotion.[19] An advisor from his years as an undergraduate student, Harold Urey, wrote a letter to the tenure committee recommending strongly against tenure for Sagan.[9]


Science is more than a body of knowledge; it is a way of thinking. I have a foreboding of an America in my children's or grandchildren's time — when the United States is a service and information economy; when nearly all the key manufacturing industries have slipped away to other countries; when awesome technological powers are in the hands of a very few, and no one representing the public interest can even grasp the issues; when the people have lost the ability to set their own agendas or knowledgeably question those in authority; when, clutching our crystals and nervously consulting our horoscopes, our critical faculties in decline, unable to distinguish between what feels good and what's true, we slide, almost without noticing, back into superstition and darkness.

Carl Sagan, from Demon-Haunted World (1995)[24]
Long before the ill-fated tenure process, Cornell University astronomer Thomas Gold had courted Sagan to move to Ithaca, New York and join the faculty at Cornell. Following the denial of tenure from Harvard, Sagan accepted Gold's offer and remained a faculty member at Cornell for nearly 30 years until his death in 1996. Unlike Harvard, the smaller and more laid-back astronomy department at Cornell welcomed Sagan's growing celebrity status.[25] Following two years as an associate professor, Sagan became a full professor at Cornell in 1970, and directed the Laboratory for Planetary Studies there. From 1972 to 1981, he was associate director of the Center for Radiophysics and Space Research (CRSR) at Cornell. In 1976, he became the David Duncan Professor of Astronomy and Space Sciences, a position he held for the remainder of his life.[26]
Sagan was associated with the U.S. space program from its inception. From the 1950s onward, he worked as an advisor to NASA, where one of his duties included briefing the Apollo astronauts before their flights to the Moon. Sagan contributed to many of the robotic spacecraft missions that explored the Solar System, arranging experiments on many of the expeditions. Sagan assembled the first physical message that was sent into space: a gold-anodized plaque, attached to the space probe Pioneer 10, launched in 1972. Pioneer 11, also carrying another copy of the plaque, was launched the following year. He continued to refine his designs; the most elaborate message he helped to develop and assemble was the Voyager Golden Record that was sent out with the Voyager space probes in 1977. Sagan often challenged the decisions to fund the Space Shuttle and the International Space Station at the expense of further robotic missions.[27]
Scientific achievements[edit]
Former student David Morrison describes Sagan as "an 'idea person' and a master of intuitive physical arguments and 'back of the envelope' calculations,"[19] and Gerard Kuiper said that "Some persons work best in specializing on a major program in the laboratory; others are best in liaison between sciences. Dr. Sagan belongs in the latter group."[19]
Sagan's contributions were central to the discovery of the high surface temperatures of the planet Venus.[1][28] In the early 1960s no one knew for certain the basic conditions of that planet's surface, and Sagan listed the possibilities in a report later depicted for popularization in a Time–Life book, Planets. His own view was that Venus was dry and very hot as opposed to the balmy paradise others had imagined. He had investigated radio emissions from Venus and concluded that there was a surface temperature of 500 °C (900 °F). As a visiting scientist to NASA's Jet Propulsion Laboratory, he contributed to the first Mariner missions to Venus, working on the design and management of the project. Mariner 2 confirmed his conclusions on the surface conditions of Venus in 1962.
Sagan was among[clarification needed] the first to hypothesize that Saturn's moon Titan might possess oceans of liquid compounds on its surface and that Jupiter's moon Europa might possess subsurface oceans of water. This would make Europa potentially habitable.[29] Europa's subsurface ocean of water was later indirectly confirmed by the spacecraft Galileo. The mystery of Titan's reddish haze was also solved with Sagan's help. The reddish haze was revealed to be due to complex organic molecules constantly raining down onto Titan's surface.[30]
He further contributed insights regarding the atmospheres of Venus and Jupiter as well as seasonal changes on Mars. He also perceived global warming as a growing, man-made danger and likened it to the natural development of Venus into a hot, life-hostile planet through a kind of runaway greenhouse effect.[31] Sagan and his Cornell colleague Edwin Ernest Salpeter speculated about life in Jupiter's clouds, given the planet's dense atmospheric composition rich in organic molecules. He studied the observed color variations on Mars' surface and concluded that they were not seasonal or vegetational changes as most believed[clarification needed] but shifts in surface dust caused by windstorms.
Sagan is best known, however, for his research on the possibilities of extraterrestrial life, including experimental demonstration of the production of amino acids from basic chemicals by radiation.[32][33]
He is also the 1994 recipient of the Public Welfare Medal, the highest award of the National Academy of Sciences for "distinguished contributions in the application of science to the public welfare".[34] He was denied membership in the Academy, reportedly because his media activities made him unpopular with many other scientists.[35][36][37]
Cosmos: popularizing science on TV[edit]




Sagan in Cosmos (1980)


In 1980 Sagan co-wrote and narrated the award-winning 13-part PBS television series, Cosmos: A Personal Voyage, which became the most widely watched series in the history of American public television. The show has been seen by at least 500 million people across 60 different countries.[2][38][39] The book, Cosmos, written by Sagan, was published to accompany the series.[40]
Because of his earlier popularity as a science writer from his best-selling books, including The Dragons of Eden, which won him a Pulitzer Prize in 1977, he was asked to write and narrate the show. It was targeted to a general audience of viewers who Sagan felt had lost interest in science, partly due to a stifled educational system.[41]
Each of the 13 episodes was created to focus on a particular subject or person, thereby demonstrating the synergy of the universe.[41] They covered a wide range of scientific subjects including the origin of life and a perspective of humans' place on Earth.
The show won an Emmy[42] along with a Peabody Award, and transformed Sagan from an obscure astronomer into a pop-culture icon.[43] Time magazine ran a cover story about Sagan soon after the show broadcast, referring to him as "creator, chief writer and host-narrator of the show.[44] In 2000, "Cosmos" was released on a remastered set of DVDs.
 "Billions and billions"[edit]
See also: Sagan's number




Sagan with a model of the Viking lander that would land on Mars. Sagan examined possible landing sites for Viking along with Mike Carr and Hal Masursky.


From Cosmos, he was invited to frequent appearances on The Tonight Show Starring Johnny Carson.[45] Sagan became jokingly associated with the catchphrase "billions and billions", although he never actually used the phrase in the Cosmos series.[46] He rather used the term "billions upon billions."[47] Carson, however, would sometimes use the phrase during his parodies of Sagan.[48][a]
As a humorous tribute to Sagan and his association with the catchphrase "billions and billions", a sagan has been defined as a unit of measurement equivalent to a very large number of anything.[50][51][52]
Scientific and critical thinking advocacy[edit]

Sagan's ability to convey his ideas allowed many people to understand the cosmos better—simultaneously emphasizing the value and worthiness of the human race, and the relative insignificance of the Earth in comparison to the Universe. He delivered the 1977 series of Royal Institution Christmas Lectures in London.[53]
Sagan was a proponent of the search for extraterrestrial life. He urged the scientific community to listen with radio telescopes for signals from potential intelligent extraterrestrial life-forms. Sagan was so persuasive that by 1982 he was able to get a petition advocating SETI published in the journal Science and signed by 70 scientists, including seven Nobel Prize winners. This signaled a tremendous increase in the respectability of a then-controversial field. Sagan also helped Frank Drake write the Arecibo message, a radio message beamed into space from the Arecibo radio telescope on November 16, 1974, aimed at informing potential extraterrestrials about Earth.
Sagan was chief technology officer of the professional planetary research journal Icarus for twelve years. He co-founded The Planetary Society, and a member of the SETI Institute Board of Trustees. Sagan served as Chairman of the Division for Planetary Science of the American Astronomical Society, as President of the Planetology Section of the American Geophysical Union, and as Chairman of the Astronomy Section of the American Association for the Advancement of Science (AAAS).




The Planetary Society members at the organization's founding. Carl Sagan is seated on the right.


At the height of the Cold War, Sagan became involved in nuclear disarmament efforts by promoting hypotheses on the effects of nuclear war when Paul Crutzen's "Twilight at Noon" concept, suggested that a substantial nuclear exchange could trigger a nuclear twilight and upset the delicate balance of life on Earth by cooling the surface. In 1983 he was one of five authors—the "S"—in the follow-up "TTAPS" model (as the research paper came to be known), which contained the first usage of the term "nuclear winter" which his colleague Richard P. Turco coined.[54][55] In 1984 he co-authored the book The Cold and the Dark: The World after Nuclear War and in 1990 he co-authored the book A Path Where No Man Thought: Nuclear Winter and the End of the Arms Race, which explains the nuclear winter hypothesis and with that advocates nuclear disarmament. Sagan received a great deal of skepticism and disdain for the use of media to disseminate a very uncertain hypothesis. In personal correspondence with Edward Teller c. 1983, although beginning amicably, with Teller expressing support for continued research to ascertain the credibility of the winter hypothesis, Sagan and Teller's correspondence would ultimately result in Teller writing "A propagandist is one who uses incomplete information to produce maximum persuasion. I can compliment you on being, indeed, an excellent propagandist remembering that a propagandist is the better the less he appears to be one".[56] Biographers of Sagan would also comment that from a scientific viewpoint, nuclear winter was a low point for Sagan, although politically speaking it popularized his image amongst the public.[56]
Sagan also wrote books to popularize science, such as Cosmos, which reflected and expanded upon some of the themes of A Personal Voyage and became the best-selling science book ever published in English;[57] The Dragons of Eden: Speculations on the Evolution of Human Intelligence, which won a Pulitzer Prize; and Broca's Brain: Reflections on the Romance of Science. Sagan also wrote the best-selling science fiction novel Contact in 1985, based on a film treatment he wrote with his wife in 1979, but he did not live to see the book's 1997 motion picture adaptation, which starred Jodie Foster and won the 1998 Hugo Award for Best Dramatic Presentation.




Pale Blue Dot: Earth is a bright pixel when photographed from Voyager 1 six billion kilometers out (beyond Pluto). Sagan encouraged NASA to generate this image.

from Pale Blue Dot (1994)

"On it, everyone you ever heard of...The aggregate of all our joys and sufferings, thousands of confident religions, ideologies and economic doctrines, every hunter and forager, every hero and coward, every creator and destroyer of civilizations, every king and peasant, every young couple in love, every hopeful child, every mother and father, every inventor and explorer, every teacher of morals, every corrupt politician, every superstar, every supreme leader, every saint and sinner in the history of our species, lived there on a mote of dust, suspended in a sunbeam. . . .

Think of the rivers of blood spilled by all those generals and emperors so that in glory and triumph they could become the momentary masters of a fraction of a dot."

Carl Sagan, Cornell lecture in 1994[58]



He wrote a sequel to Cosmos, Pale Blue Dot: A Vision of the Human Future in Space, which was selected as a notable book of 1995 by The New York Times. He appeared on PBS' Charlie Rose program in January 1995.[27] Sagan also wrote the introduction for Stephen Hawking's bestseller, A Brief History of Time. Sagan was also known for his popularization of science, his efforts to increase scientific understanding among the general public, and his positions in favor of scientific skepticism and against pseudoscience, such as his debunking of the Betty and Barney Hill abduction. To mark the tenth anniversary of Sagan's death, David Morrison, a former student of Sagan's, recalled "Sagan's immense contributions to planetary research, the public understanding of science, and the skeptical movement" in Skeptical Inquirer.[19]
Following Saddam Hussein's threats to light Kuwait's oil wells on fire in response to any physical challenge to Iraqi control of the oil assets, Sagan together with his "TTAPS" colleagues and Paul Crutzen, warned in January 1991 in the Baltimore Sun and Wilmington Morning Star newspapers that if the fires were left to burn over a period of several months, enough smoke from the 600 or so 1991 Kuwaiti oil fires "might get so high as to disrupt agriculture in much of South Asia ..." and that this possibility should "affect the war plans";[59][60] these claims were also the subject of a televised debate between Sagan and physicist Fred Singer on 22 January, aired on the ABC News program Nightline.[61][62]




Sagan admitted he had overestimated the danger posed by the 1991 Kuwaiti oil fires.


In the televised debate, Sagan argued that the effects of the smoke would be similar to the effects of a nuclear winter, with Singer arguing to the contrary. After the debate, the fires burnt for many months before extinguishing efforts were complete. The results of the smoke did not produce continental-sized cooling. Sagan later conceded in The Demon-Haunted World that the prediction did not turn out to be correct: "it was pitch black at noon and temperatures dropped 4°–6° C over the Persian Gulf, but not much smoke reached stratospheric altitudes and Asia was spared".[63]
In his later years Sagan advocated the creation of an organized search for asteroids/near-Earth objects (NEO) that might impact the Earth but to forestall or postpone developing the technological methods that would be needed to defend against them.[64] He argued that all of the numerous methods proposed to alter the orbit of an asteroid, including the employment of nuclear detonations, created a Deflection Dilemma: if the ability to deflect an asteroid away from the Earth exists, then one would also have the ability to divert a non-threatening object towards Earth, creating an immensely destructive weapon.[65][66] In a 1994 paper, he co-authored, he ridiculed a 3-day long "Near-Earth Object Interception Workshop" held by LANL in 1993 that did not, "even in passing" state that such interception and deflection technologies could have these "ancillary dangers".[65]
Sagan however was hopeful that the natural NEO impact threat and the intrinsically double-edged essence, of the methods to prevent these threats, would serve as a "new and potent motivation to maturing international relations".[65][67] Later acknowledging that, with sufficient international oversight, in the future a "work our way up" approach to fielding nuclear explosive deflection methods could be fielded, and when sufficient knowledge was gained, to use them to aid in mining asteroids.[66] His interest in the use of nuclear detonations in space grew out of his work in 1958 for the Armour Research Foundation's Project A119, concerning the possibility of detonating a nuclear device on the Lunar surface.[68]
Sagan was a critic of Plato, having said of the ancient Greek philosopher: "Science and mathematics were to be removed from the hands of the merchants and the artisans. This tendency found its most effective advocate in a follower of Pythagoras named Plato" and

He (Plato) believed that ideas were far more real than the natural world. He advised the astronomers not to waste their time observing the stars and planets. It was better, he believed, just to think about them. Plato expressed hostility to observation and experiment. He taught contempt for the real world and disdain for the practical application of scientific knowledge. Plato's followers succeeded in extinguishing the light of science and experiment that had been kindled by Democritus and the other Ionians.[69]

Popularizing science[edit]
Speaking about his activities in popularizing science, Sagan said that there were at least two reasons for scientists to share the purposes of science and its contemporary state. Simple self-interest was one: much of the funding for science came from the public, and the public therefore had the right to know how the money was being spent. If scientists increased public admiration for science, there was a good chance of having more public supporters.[clarification needed] The other reason was the excitement of communicating one's own excitement about science to others.[70]
Criticisms[edit]
While Sagan was widely adored by the general public, his reputation in the scientific community was more polarized.[71] Critics sometimes characterized his work as fanciful, non-rigorous, and self-aggrandizing,[72] and others complained in his later years that he neglected his role as a faculty member to foster his celebrity status.[73]
One of Sagan's harshest critics, Harold Urey, felt that Sagan was getting too much publicity for a scientist and was treating some scientific theories too casually.[74] Urey and Sagan were said to have different philosophies of science, according to Davidson. While Urey was an "old-time empiricist" who avoided theorizing about the unknown, Sagan was by contrast willing to speculate openly about such matters.[75] Fred Whipple wanted Harvard to keep Sagan there, but learned that because Urey was a Nobel laureate, his opinion was an important factor in Harvard denying Sagan tenure.[74]
Sagan's Harvard friend Lester Grinspoon also stated, "I know Harvard well enough to know there are people there who certainly do not like people" who are outspoken.[74] Grinspoon added:

Wherever you turned, there was one astronomer being quoted on everything, one astronomer whose face you were seeing on TV, and one astronomer whose books had the preferred display slot at the local bookstore.[74]

Some, like Urey, later came to realize Sagan's popular brand of scientific advocacy was beneficial to the science as a whole.[76] Urey especially liked Sagan's 1977 book, The Dragons of Eden, and wrote Sagan with his opinion: "I like it very much and am amazed that someone like you has such an intimate knowledge of the various features of the problem...I congratulate you...You are a man of many talents."[76]
Sagan was accused of borrowing some ideas of others for his own benefit, while Sagan countered these claims by explaining that the misappropriation was an unfortunate side effect of his role as a science communicator and explainer, and that he attempted to give proper credit whenever possible.[74]
Social concerns[edit]
Sagan believed that the Drake equation, on substitution of reasonable estimates, suggested that a large number of extraterrestrial civilizations would form, but that the lack of evidence of such civilizations highlighted by the Fermi paradox suggests technological civilizations tend to self-destruct. This stimulated his interest in identifying and publicizing ways that humanity could destroy itself, with the hope of avoiding such a cataclysm and eventually becoming a spacefaring species. Sagan's deep concern regarding the potential destruction of human civilization in a nuclear holocaust was conveyed in a memorable cinematic sequence in the final episode of Cosmos, called "Who Speaks for Earth?" Sagan had already resigned[date missing] from the Air Force Scientific Advisory Board's UFO investigating Condon Committee and voluntarily surrendered his top secret clearance in protest over the Vietnam War.[77] Following his marriage to his third wife (novelist Ann Druyan) in June 1981, Sagan became more politically active—particularly in opposing escalation of the nuclear arms race under President Ronald Reagan.




The United States and Soviet Union/Russia nuclear stockpiles, in total number of nuclear bombs/warheads in existence throughout the Cold War and post-Cold War era.


In March 1983, Reagan announced the Strategic Defense Initiative—a multibillion-dollar project to develop a comprehensive defense against attack by nuclear missiles, which was quickly dubbed the "Star Wars" program. Sagan spoke out against the project, arguing that it was technically impossible to develop a system with the level of perfection required, and far more expensive to build such a system than it would be for an enemy to defeat it through decoys and other means—and that its construction would seriously destabilize the "nuclear balance" between the United States and the Soviet Union, making further progress toward nuclear disarmament impossible.[78]
When Soviet leader Mikhail Gorbachev declared a unilateral moratorium on the testing of nuclear weapons, which would begin on August 6, 1985—the 40th anniversary of the atomic bombing of Hiroshima—the Reagan administration dismissed the dramatic move as nothing more than propaganda, and refused to follow suit. In response, US anti-nuclear and peace activists staged a series of protest actions at the Nevada Test Site, beginning on Easter Sunday in 1986 and continuing through 1987. Hundreds of people in the "Nevada Desert Experience" group were arrested, including Sagan, who was arrested on two separate occasions as he climbed over a chain-link fence at the test site during the underground Operation Charioteer and United States's Musketeer nuclear test series of detonations.[79]
Sagan was also a vocal advocate of the controversial notion of testosterone poisoning, arguing in 1992 that human males could become gripped by an "unusually severe [case of] testosterone poisoning" and this could compel them to become genocidal.[80] In his review of Moondance magazine writer Daniela Gioseffi's 1990 book Women on War, he argues that females are the only half of humanity "untainted by testosterone poisoning".[81] One chapter of his 1993 book, Shadows of Forgotten Ancestors is dedicated to testosterone and its alleged poisonous effects.[82]
Personal life and beliefs[edit]


"I have just finished The Cosmic Connection and loved every word of it. You are my idea of a good writer because you have an unmannered style, and when I read what you write, I hear you talking. One thing about the book made me nervous. It was entirely too obvious that you are smarter than I am. I hate that."

Isaac Asimov, in letter to Sagan, 1973[83][84]
Sagan was married three times. In 1957, he married biologist Lynn Margulis. The couple had two children, Jeremy and Dorion Sagan. After Carl Sagan and Margulis divorced, he married artist Linda Salzman in 1968 and they also had a child together, Nick Sagan. During these marriages, Carl Sagan focused heavily on his career, a factor which may have contributed to Sagan's first divorce.[19] In 1981, Sagan married author Ann Druyan and they later had two children, Alexandra and Samuel Sagan. Carl Sagan and Druyan remained married until his death in 1996. He lived in an Egyptian revival house in Ithaca perched on the edge of a cliff that had formerly been the headquarters of a Cornell secret society.[85]
Isaac Asimov described Sagan as one of only two people he ever met whose intellect surpassed his own. The other, he claimed, was the computer scientist and artificial intelligence expert Marvin Minsky.[86]
Sagan wrote frequently about religion and the relationship between religion and science, expressing his skepticism about the conventional conceptualization of God as a sapient being. For example:

Some people think God is an outsized, light-skinned male with a long white beard, sitting on a throne somewhere up there in the sky, busily tallying the fall of every sparrow. Others—for example Baruch Spinoza and Albert Einstein—considered God to be essentially the sum total of the physical laws which describe the universe. I do not know of any compelling evidence for anthropomorphic patriarchs controlling human destiny from some hidden celestial vantage point, but it would be madness to deny the existence of physical laws.[87]

In another description of his view on the concept of God, Sagan emphatically wrote:

The idea that God is an oversized white male with a flowing beard who sits in the sky and tallies the fall of every sparrow is ludicrous. But if by God one means the set of physical laws that govern the universe, then clearly there is such a God. This God is emotionally unsatisfying ... it does not make much sense to pray to the law of gravity.[88]

On atheism, Sagan commented in 1981:

An atheist is someone who is certain that God does not exist, someone who has compelling evidence against the existence of God. I know of no such compelling evidence. Because God can be relegated to remote times and places and to ultimate causes, we would have to know a great deal more about the universe than we do now to be sure that no such God exists. To be certain of the existence of God and to be certain of the nonexistence of God seem to me to be the confident extremes in a subject so riddled with doubt and uncertainty as to inspire very little confidence indeed.[89]

Sagan also commented on Christianity and the Jefferson Bible, stating "My long-time view about Christianity is that it represents an amalgam of two seemingly immiscible parts, the religion of Jesus and the religion of Paul. Thomas Jefferson attempted to excise the Pauline parts of the New Testament. There wasn't much left when he was done, but it was an inspiring document."[90]
Regarding spirituality and its relationship with science, Sagan stated:

'Spirit' comes from the Latin word 'to breathe'. What we breathe is air, which is certainly matter, however thin. Despite usage to the contrary, there is no necessary implication in the word 'spiritual' that we are talking of anything other than matter (including the matter of which the brain is made), or anything outside the realm of science. On occasion, I will feel free to use the word. Science is not only compatible with spirituality; it is a profound source of spirituality. When we recognize our place in an immensity of light-years and in the passage of ages, when we grasp the intricacy, beauty, and subtlety of life, then that soaring feeling, that sense of elation and humility combined, is surely spiritual.[91]

An environmental appeal, "Preserving and Cherishing the Earth", signed by Sagan with other noted scientists in January 1990, stated that "The historical record makes clear that religious teaching, example, and leadership are powerfully able to influence personal conduct and commitment... Thus, there is a vital role for religion and science."
In reply to a question in 1996 about his religious beliefs, Sagan answered, "I'm agnostic."[92] Sagan maintained that the idea of a creator God of the Universe was difficult to prove or disprove and that the only conceivable scientific discovery that could challenge it would be an infinitely old universe.[93] Sagan's views on religion have been interpreted as a form of pantheism comparable to Einstein's belief in Spinoza's God.[94] His son, Dorion Sagan said, "My father believed in the God of Spinoza and Einstein, God not behind nature but as nature, equivalent to it."[95] His last wife, Ann Druyan, stated:

When my husband died, because he was so famous and known for not being a believer, many people would come up to me—it still sometimes happens—and ask me if Carl changed at the end and converted to a belief in an afterlife. They also frequently ask me if I think I will see him again. Carl faced his death with unflagging courage and never sought refuge in illusions. The tragedy was that we knew we would never see each other again. I don't ever expect to be reunited with Carl.[96]

In 2006, Ann Druyan edited Sagan's 1985 Glasgow Gifford Lectures in Natural Theology into a book, The Varieties of Scientific Experience: A Personal View of the Search for God, in which he elaborates on his views of divinity in the natural world.




Carl Sagan (center) speaks with CDC employees in 1988.


Sagan is also widely regarded as a freethinker or skeptic; one of his most famous quotations, in Cosmos, was, "Extraordinary claims require extraordinary evidence"[97] (called the "Sagan Standard" by some[98]). This was based on a nearly identical statement by fellow founder of the Committee for the Scientific Investigation of Claims of the Paranormal, Marcello Truzzi, "An extraordinary claim requires extraordinary proof."[99][100] This idea had been earlier aphorized in Théodore Flournoy's work From India to the Planet Mars (1899) from a longer quote by Pierre-Simon Laplace (1749–1827), a French mathematician and astronomer, as the Principle of Laplace: "The weight of the evidence should be proportioned to the strangeness of the facts."[101]
Late in his life, Sagan's books elaborated on his skeptical, naturalistic view of the world. In The Demon-Haunted World, he presented tools for testing arguments and detecting fallacious or fraudulent ones, essentially advocating wide use of critical thinking and the scientific method. The compilation Billions and Billions: Thoughts on Life and Death at the Brink of the Millennium, published in 1997 after Sagan's death, contains essays written by Sagan, such as his views on abortion, and his widow Ann Druyan's account of his death as a skeptic, agnostic, and freethinker.
Sagan warned against humans' tendency towards anthropocentrism. He was the faculty adviser for the Cornell Students for the Ethical Treatment of Animals. In the Cosmos chapter "Blues For a Red Planet", Sagan wrote, "If there is life on Mars, I believe we should do nothing with Mars. Mars then belongs to the Martians, even if the Martians are only microbes."[102]
Sagan was a user and advocate of marijuana. Under the pseudonym "Mr. X", he contributed an essay about smoking cannabis to the 1971 book Marihuana Reconsidered.[103][104] The essay explained that marijuana use had helped to inspire some of Sagan's works and enhance sensual and intellectual experiences. After Sagan's death, his friend Lester Grinspoon disclosed this information to Sagan's biographer, Keay Davidson. The publishing of the biography, Carl Sagan: A Life, in 1999 brought media attention to this aspect of Sagan's life.[105][106][107] Not long after his death, widow Ann Druyan had gone on to preside over the board of directors of the National Organization for the Reform of Marijuana Laws (NORML), a non-profit organization dedicated to reforming cannabis laws.[108][109]
In 1994, engineers at Apple Computer code-named the Power Macintosh 7100 "Carl Sagan" in the hope that Apple would make "billions and billions" with the sale of the PowerMac 7100.[5] The name was only used internally, but Sagan was concerned that it would become a product endorsement and sent Apple a cease-and-desist letter. Apple complied, but engineers retaliated by changing the internal codename to "BHA" for “Butt-Head Astronomer”.[110][111] Sagan then sued Apple for libel in federal court. The court granted Apple's motion to dismiss Sagan's claims and opined in dicta that a reader aware of the context would understand Apple was "clearly attempting to retaliate in a humorous and satirical way", and that "It strains reason to conclude that Defendant was attempting to criticize Plaintiff's reputation or competency as an astronomer. One does not seriously attack the expertise of a scientist using the undefined phrase 'butt-head'."[110][112] Sagan then sued for Apple's original use of his name and likeness, but again lost.[113] Sagan appealed the ruling.[113] In November 1995, an out-of-court settlement was reached and Apple's office of trademarks and patents released a conciliatory statement that "Apple has always had great respect for Dr. Sagan. It was never Apple's intention to cause Dr. Sagan or his family any embarrassment or concern."[114] Apple's third and final code name for the project was "LAW", short for "Lawyers are Wimps".[111]
Sagan briefly served as an adviser on Stanley Kubrick's film 2001: A Space Odyssey.[7]:168 Sagan proposed that the film suggest, rather than depict, extraterrestrial superintelligence.[115]
Sagan and UFOs[edit]
In 1947, the year that inaugurated the "flying saucer" craze, the young Sagan suspected the "discs" might be alien spaceships.[9]
Sagan's interest in UFO reports prompted him on August 3, 1952, to write a letter to U.S. Secretary of State Dean Acheson to ask how the United States would respond if flying saucers turned out to be extraterrestrial.[7]:51–52 He later had several conversations on the subject in 1964 with Jacques Vallée.[116] Though quite skeptical of any extraordinary answer to the UFO question, Sagan thought scientists should study the phenomenon, at least because there was widespread public interest in UFO reports.
Stuart Appelle notes that Sagan "wrote frequently on what he perceived as the logical and empirical fallacies regarding UFOs and the abduction experience. Sagan rejected an extraterrestrial explanation for the phenomenon but felt there were both empirical and pedagogical benefits for examining UFO reports and that the subject was, therefore, a legitimate topic of study."[117]
In 1966 Sagan was a member of the Ad Hoc Committee to Review Project Blue Book, the U.S. Air Force's UFO investigation project. The committee concluded Blue Book had been lacking as a scientific study, and recommended a university-based project to give the UFO phenomenon closer scientific scrutiny. The result was the Condon Committee (1966–68), led by physicist Edward Condon, and in their final report they formally concluded that UFOs, regardless of what any of them actually were, did not behave in a manner consistent with a threat to national security.
Sociologist Ron Westrum writes that "The high point of Sagan's treatment of the UFO question was the AAAS' symposium in 1969. A wide range of educated opinions on the subject were offered by participants, including not only proponents such as James McDonald and J. Allen Hynek but also skeptics like astronomers William Hartmann and Donald Menzel. The roster of speakers was balanced, and it is to Sagan's credit that this event was presented in spite of pressure from Edward Condon."[116] With physicist Thornton Page, Sagan edited the lectures and discussions given at the symposium; these were published in 1972 as UFO's: A Scientific Debate. Some of Sagan's many books examine UFOs (as did one episode of Cosmos) and he claimed a religious undercurrent to the phenomenon.
Sagan again revealed his views on interstellar travel in his 1980 Cosmos series. In one of his last written works, Sagan argued that the chances of extraterrestrial spacecraft visiting Earth are vanishingly small. However, Sagan did think it plausible that Cold War concerns contributed to governments misleading their citizens about UFOs, and wrote that "some UFO reports and analyses, and perhaps voluminous files, have been made inaccessible to the public which pays the bills ... It's time for the files to be declassified and made generally available." He cautioned against jumping to conclusions about suppressed UFO data and stressed that there was no strong evidence that aliens were visiting the Earth either in the past or present.[118]
Sagan's Paradox
Sagan's contribution to the 1969 symposium was an attack on the belief that UFOs are piloted by extraterrestrial beings: Applying several logical assumptions (see Drake equation), Sagan calculated the possible number of advanced civilizations capable of interstellar travel to be about one million. He projected that any civilization wishing to check on all the others on a regular basis of, say, once a year would have to launch 10,000 spacecraft annually. Not only does that seem like an unreasonable number of launchings, but it would take all the material in one percent of the universe's stars to produce all the spaceships needed for all the civilizations to seek each other out.
To argue that the earth was being chosen for regular visitations, Sagan said, one would have to assume that the planet is somehow unique. And that assumption "goes exactly against the idea that there are lots of civilizations around. Because if there are then our sort of civilization must be pretty common. And if we're not pretty common then there aren't going to be many civilizations advanced enough to send visitors."
This argument, which some called "Sagan's paradox," helped to establish a new school of thought: the belief that extraterrestrial life exists but has nothing to do with UFOs. The new belief had a salutary effect on UFO studies. It helped separate researchers who wanted to identify unidentified flying objects from those who wanted to identify their pilots. And it gave scientists opportunities to search the universe for intelligent life unencumbered by the stigma associated with UFOs.[119]
Death[edit]




Stone dedicated to Carl Sagan in the Celebrity Path of the Brooklyn Botanic Garden


After suffering from myelodysplasia for two years, and receiving three bone marrow transplants from his sister Cari, Sagan died of pneumonia at the age of 62, at the Fred Hutchinson Cancer Research Center in Seattle, Washington, in the early morning of December 20, 1996.[120] Burial took place at Lakeview Cemetery in Ithaca, New York.[121]
Posthumous recognition[edit]
The 1997 movie Contact, based on Sagan's novel of the same name and finished after his death, ends with the dedication "For Carl". His photo can also be seen at 59:23 in the film.
In 1997 the Sagan Planet Walk was opened in Ithaca, New York. It is a walking-scale model of the Solar System, extending 1.2 km from the center of The Commons in downtown Ithaca to the Sciencenter, a hands-on museum. The exhibition was created in memory of Carl Sagan, who was an Ithaca resident and Cornell Professor. Professor Sagan had been a founding member of the museum's advisory board.[122]
The landing site of the unmanned Mars Pathfinder spacecraft was renamed the Carl Sagan Memorial Station on July 5, 1997. Asteroid 2709 Sagan is named in his honor, as is the Carl Sagan Institute for the search of habitable planets.
Sagan's son, Nick Sagan, wrote several episodes in the Star Trek franchise. In an episode of Star Trek: Enterprise entitled "Terra Prime", a quick shot is shown of the relic rover Sojourner, part of the Mars Pathfinder mission, placed by a historical marker at Carl Sagan Memorial Station on the Martian surface. The marker displays a quote from Sagan: "Whatever the reason you're on Mars, I'm glad you're there, and I wish I was with you." Sagan's student Steve Squyres led the team that landed the rovers Spirit and Opportunity successfully on Mars in 2004.
On November 9, 2001, on what would have been Sagan's 67th birthday, the Ames Research Center dedicated the site for the Carl Sagan Center for the Study of Life in the Cosmos. "Carl was an incredible visionary, and now his legacy can be preserved and advanced by a 21st century research and education laboratory committed to enhancing our understanding of life in the universe and furthering the cause of space exploration for all time", said NASA Administrator Daniel Goldin. Ann Druyan was at the Center as it opened its doors on October 22, 2006.
Sagan has at least three awards named in his honor:

The Carl Sagan Memorial Award presented jointly since 1997 by the American Astronomical Society and The Planetary Society,
The Carl Sagan Medal for Excellence in Public Communication in Planetary Science presented since 1998 by the American Astronomical Society's Division for Planetary Sciences (AAS/DPS) for outstanding communication by an active planetary scientist to the general public—Carl Sagan was one of the original organizing committee members of the DPS, and
The Carl Sagan Award for Public Understanding of Science presented by the Council of Scientific Society Presidents (CSSP)—Sagan was the first recipient of the CSSP award in 1993.[123]

August 2007 the Independent Investigations Group (IIG) awarded Sagan posthumously a Lifetime Achievement Award. This honor has also been awarded to Harry Houdini and James Randi.[124]
Beginning in 2009, a musical project known as Symphony of Science sampled several excerpts of Sagan from his series Cosmos and remixed them to electronic music. To date, the videos have received over 21 million views worldwide on YouTube.[125]
The 2014 Swedish science fiction short film Wanderers uses excerpts of Sagan's narration of his book Pale Blue Dot, played over digitally-created visuals of humanity's possible future expansion into outer space.[126][127]
In February 2015, the Finnish-based symphonic metal band Nightwish released the song "Sagan" as a non-album bonus track for their single "Élan".[128] The song, written by the band's songwriter/composer/keyboardist Tuomas Holopainen, is an homage to the life and work of the late Carl Sagan.
In August 2015, it was announced that a biopic of Sagan's life was being planned by Warner Bros.[129]
Awards and honors[edit]


NASA Distinguished Public Service Medal




Annual Award for Television Excellence—1981—Ohio State University—PBS series Cosmos: A Personal Voyage
Apollo Achievement Award—National Aeronautics and Space Administration
NASA Distinguished Public Service Medal—National Aeronautics and Space Administration (1977)
Emmy—Outstanding Individual Achievement—1981—PBS series Cosmos: A Personal Voyage[42]
Emmy—Outstanding Informational Series—1981—PBS series Cosmos: A Personal Voyage[42]
Exceptional Scientific Achievement Medal—National Aeronautics and Space Administration
Helen Caldicott Leadership Award – Awarded by Women's Action for Nuclear Disarmament
Hugo Award—1981—Best Dramatic Presentation—Cosmos: A Personal Voyage
Hugo Award—1981—Best Related Non-Fiction Book—Cosmos
Hugo Award—1998—Best Dramatic Presentation—Contact
Humanist of the Year—1981—Awarded by the American Humanist Association[130]
American Philosophical Society—1995—Elected to membership.[131]
In Praise of Reason Award—1987—Committee for Skeptical Inquiry [132]
Isaac Asimov Award—1994—Committee for Skeptical Inquiry[133]
John F. Kennedy Astronautics Award—1982—American Astronautical Society[134]
Special non-fiction Campbell Memorial Award—1974—The Cosmic Connection: An Extraterrestrial Perspective[135]
Joseph Priestley Award—"For distinguished contributions to the welfare of mankind"[136]
Klumpke-Roberts Award of the Astronomical Society of the Pacific—1974
Konstantin Tsiolkovsky Medal—Awarded by the Soviet Cosmonauts Federation
Locus Award 1986—Contact
Lowell Thomas Award—The Explorers Club—75th Anniversary
Masursky Award—American Astronomical Society
Miller Research Fellowship—Miller Institute (1960–1962)
Oersted Medal—1990—American Association of Physics Teachers
Peabody Award—1980—PBS series Cosmos: A Personal Voyage
Le Prix Galabert d’astronautique—International Astronautical Federation (IAF)[citation needed]
Public Welfare Medal—1994—National Academy of Sciences[137]
Pulitzer Prize for General Non-Fiction—1978—The Dragons of Eden
Science Fiction Chronicle Award—1998—Dramatic Presentation—Contact
Named the "99th Greatest American" on June 5, 2005, Greatest American television series on the Discovery Channel[citation needed]
Named an honorary member of the Demosthenian Literary Society on November 10, 2011
New Jersey Hall of Fame—2009—Inductee.[138]
Committee for Skeptical Inquiry (CSI) Pantheon of Skeptics—April 2011—Inductee[b][140]


Publications[edit]


Sagan, Carl; Leonard, Jonathan Norton (1966). Planets. Life Science Library. Editors of Life. New York: Time Inc. LCCN 66022436. OCLC 346361. 
——; Shklovskii, I.S. (1966) [Originally published 1962 as Вселенная, жизнь, разум; Moscow: USSR Academy of Sciences Publisher]. Intelligent Life in the Universe. Authorized translation by Paula Fern. San Francisco: Holden-Day, Inc. LCCN 64018404. OCLC 317314. 
——; Page, Thornton, eds. (1972). UFO's: A Scientific Debate. Ithaca, NY: Cornell University Press. ISBN 0-801-40740-0. LCCN 72004572. OCLC 415373. 
——, ed. (1973). Communication with Extraterrestrial Intelligence (CETI). Cambridge, MA: MIT Press. ISBN 0-262-19106-7. LCCN 73013999. OCLC 700752. 
——; Bradbury, Ray; Clarke, Arthur C.; et al. (1973). Mars and the Mind of Man (1st ed.). New York: Harper & Row. ISBN 0-060-10443-0. LCCN 72009746. OCLC 613541. 
—— (1973). The Cosmic Connection: An Extraterrestrial Perspective. Produced by Jerome Agel (1st ed.). Garden City, NY: Anchor Press. ISBN 0-385-00457-5. LCCN 73081117. OCLC 756158. 
—— (1975). Other Worlds. Produced by Jerome Agel. Toronto, NY: Bantam Books. ISBN 0-552-66439-1. OCLC 3029556. 
—— (1977). The Dragons of Eden: Speculations on the Evolution of Human Intelligence (1st ed.). New York: Random House. ISBN 0-394-41045-9. LCCN 76053472. OCLC 2922889. 
——; Drake, F. D.; Lomberg, Jon; et al. (1978). Murmurs of Earth: The Voyager Interstellar Record (1st ed.). New York: Random House. ISBN 0-394-41047-5. LCCN 77005991. OCLC 4037611. 
—— (1979). Broca's Brain: Reflections on the Romance of Science (1st ed.). New York: Random House. ISBN 0-394-50169-1. LCCN 78021810. OCLC 4493944. 
—— (1980). Cosmos (1st ed.). New York: Random House. ISBN 0-394-50294-9. LCCN 80005286. OCLC 6280573. 
——; Ehrlich, Paul R.; Kennedy, Donald; et al. (1984). The Cold and the Dark: The World after Nuclear War: The Conference on the Long-Term Worldwide Biological Consequences of Nuclear War. Foreword by Lewis Thomas (1st ed.). New York: W. W. Norton & Company. ISBN 0-393-01870-9. LCCN 84006070. OCLC 10697281. 
——; Druyan, Ann (1985). Comet (1st ed.). New York: Random House. ISBN 0-394-54908-2. LCCN 85008308. OCLC 811602694. 
—— (1985). Contact: A Novel. New York: Simon & Schuster. ISBN 0-671-43400-4. LCCN 85014645. OCLC 12344811. 
——; Turco, Richard (1990). A Path Where No Man Thought: Nuclear Winter and the End of the Arms Race (1st ed.). New York: Random House. ISBN 0-394-58307-8. LCCN 89043155. OCLC 20217496. 
——; Druyan, Ann (1992). Shadows of Forgotten Ancestors: A Search for Who We Are (1st ed.). New York: Random House. ISBN 0-394-53481-6. LCCN 92050155. OCLC 25675747. 
Sagan, Carl; Turco, Richard P. (November 1993). "Nuclear Winter in the Post-Cold War Era". Journal of Peace Research. Sage Publications, Ltd. 30 (4): 369–373. Retrieved 9 June 2017. 
—— (1994). Pale Blue Dot: A Vision of the Human Future in Space (1st ed.). New York: Random House. ISBN 0-679-43841-6. LCCN 94018121. OCLC 30736355. 
—— (1995). The Demon-Haunted World: Science as a Candle in the Dark (1st ed.). New York: Random House. ISBN 0-394-53512-X. LCCN 95034076. OCLC 779687822.  (Note: errata slip inserted.)
——; Druyan, Ann (1997). Billions and Billions: Thoughts on Life and Death at the Brink of the Millennium (1st ed.). New York: Random House. ISBN 0-679-41160-7. LCCN 96052730. OCLC 36066119. 
—— (2006) [Edited from 1985 Gifford Lectures, University of Glasgow]. Druyan, Ann, ed. The Varieties of Scientific Experience: A Personal View of the Search for God. New York: Penguin Press. ISBN 1-59420-107-2. LCCN 2006044827. OCLC 69021064. 


See also[edit]

List of peace activists
Sagan effect
Neil deGrasse Tyson

Notes[edit]



^ Richard Feynman, a precursor to Sagan, was observed to have used the phrase "billions and billions" many times in his "red books". However, Sagan's frequent use of the word billions, and distinctive delivery emphasizing the "b" (which he did intentionally, in place of more cumbersome alternatives such as "billions with a 'b'", in order to distinguish the word from "millions"),[46] made him a favorite target of comic performers, including Johnny Carson,[49] Gary Kroeger, Mike Myers, Bronson Pinchot, Penn Jillette, Harry Shearer, and others. Frank Zappa satirized the line in the song "Be in My Video", noting as well "atomic light". Sagan took this all in good humor, and his final book was entitled Billions and Billions, which opened with a tongue-in-cheek discussion of this catchphrase, observing that Carson was an amateur astronomer and that Carson's comic caricature often included real science.[46]
^ CSI was formerly CSICOP, the Committee for the Scientific Investigation of Claims of the Paranormal.[139]



References[edit]


^ a b Sagan, Carl; Head, Tom (2006). Conversations with Carl Sagan (illustrated ed.). Univ. Press of Mississippi. p. 14. ISBN 978-1-57806-736-7.  Extract of page 14
^ a b "StarChild: Dr. Carl Sagan". StarChild. NASA. Retrieved October 8, 2009. 
^ The Seth MacFarlane Collection of the Carl Sagan and Ann Druyan Archive: A Finding Aid to the Collection in the Library of Congress (PDF). Manuscript Division, Library of Congress. 2013. 
^ Lowensohn, Josh (February 4, 2014). "Massive Carl Sagan archive posted by Library of Congress". The Verge. Retrieved 16 January 2016. 
^ a b Poundstone 1999, pp. 363–364, 374–375
^ "Carl Sagan". Internet Accuracy Project. Grandville, MI: Internet Accuracy Project. Retrieved August 22, 2012. 
^ a b c d e f g h i j k l m n o p q r s t u v Davidson 1999
^ a b c Spangenburg & Moser 2004, pp. 2–5
^ a b c "American National Biography Online, Carl Sagan". 
^ a b c Poundstone 1999, p. 15
^ a b Poundstone 1999, p. 14
^ "Ryerson Astronomical Society". Ryerson Astronomical Society (RAS). University of Chicago Department of Astronomy and Astrophysics. Retrieved August 22, 2012. 
^ Sagan, Carl (June 1960), Physical Studies of the Planets (dissertation), University of Chicago, p. ii, A thesis in four parts submitted in partial fulfillment of the requirements for the degree of Doctor of Philosophy in the Department of Astronomy, University of Chicago, June, 1960. 
^ "Graduate students receive first Sagan teaching awards". University of Chicago Chronicle. University of Chicago News Office. 13 (6). November 11, 1993. Retrieved August 30, 2013. 
^ Head 2006, p. xxi
^ Spangenburg & Moser 2004, p. 28
^ Tatarewicz, Joseph N. (1990), Space Technology & Planetary Astronomy, Science, technology, and society, Bloomington, IN: Indiana University Press, p. 22, ISBN 0-253-35655-5 
^ Lunar Exploration, by Paolo Ulivi (2004)
^ a b c d e f Morrison, David (January–February 2007). "Carl Sagan's Life and Legacy as Scientist, Teacher, and Skeptic". Skeptical Inquirer. Amherst, NY: Committee for Skeptical Inquiry. 31.1: 29–38. ISSN 0194-6730. Retrieved August 31, 2013. 
^ Reiffel, Leonard (4 May 2000). "Sagan breached security by revealing US work on a lunar bomb project". Nature. 405 (13): Correspondence. doi:10.1038/35011148. 
^ "Happy (Belated) Birthday Carl!". University of California, Berkeley The Berkeley Science Review. Retrieved December 1, 2013. 
^ a b Davidson, Keay (1999). Carl Sagan:A life. John Wiley & Sons. p. 138. ISBN 0-471-25286-7. 
^ Davidson, Keay (1999). Carl Sagan:A life. John Wiley & Sons. p. 204. ISBN 0-471-25286-7. 
^ Sagan, Carl. Demon-Haunted World: Science as a Candle in the Dark, Balantine Books (1996) p. 25
^ Davidson, Keay (1999). Carl Sagan:A life. John Wiley & Sons. p. 213. ISBN 0-471-25286-7. 
^ Sagan, Carl; Head, Tom (2006). Conversations with Carl Sagan (illustrated ed.). Univ. Press of Mississippi. p. xxi. ISBN 978-1-57806-736-7.  Extract of page xxi
^ a b Sagan, Carl (January 5, 1995). "An Interview with Carl Sagan". Charlie Rose (Interview). New York: PBS. Retrieved August 30, 2013. 
^ Pierrehumbert, Raymond T. (2010). Principles of Planetary Climate. Cambridge University Press. p. 202. ISBN 978-1-139-49506-6.  Extract of page 202
^ Much of Sagan's research in the field of planetary science is outlined by William Poundstone. Poundstone's biography of Sagan includes an 8-page list of Sagan's scientific articles published from 1957 to 1998. Detailed information about Sagan's scientific work comes from the primary research articles. Example: Sagan, C.; Thompson, W.R.; Khare, B.N. (1992). "Titan: A Laboratory for Prebiological Organic Chemistry". Accounts of Chemical Research. Washington, D.C.: American Chemical Society. 25 (7): 286–292. doi:10.1021/ar00019a003.  There is commentary on this research article about Titan at David J. Darling's The Encyclopedia of Science.
^ Pafumi, G.R. (2010). Is Our Vision of God Obsolete?: Often What We Believe is not What We Observe. Bloomington, IN: Xlibris. p. 338. ISBN 978-1-4415-9041-1. OCLC 710798384. Retrieved August 30, 2013. 
^ Sagan, Carl (1985) [Originally published 1980]. Cosmos (1st Ballantine Books ed.). New York: Ballantine Books. ISBN 0-345-33135-4. LCCN 80005286. OCLC 12814276. 
^ "Sagan, Carl Edward". Columbia Encyclopedia (Sixth ed.). New York: Columbia University Press. May 2001. Archived from the original on October 11, 2007. Retrieved August 30, 2013. 
^ No Writer Attributed (1963-08-21). "Sagan Synthesizes ATP In Laboratory". The Harvard Crimson. Retrieved 2015-09-12. 
^ "Carl Sagan". Pasadena, CA: The Planetary Society. Retrieved August 30, 2013. 
^ Benford, Gregory (1997). "A Tribute to Carl Sagan: Popular & Pilloried". Skeptic. The Skeptics Society. 13 (1). 
^ Shermer, Michael. "Candle in the Dark". The Works of Michael Shermer. Michael Shermer. Retrieved March 10, 2013.  Article originally published in November 2003 issue of Scientific American.
^ Impey, Chris (January–February 2000). "Carl Sagan, Carl Sagan: Biographies Echo an Extraordinary Life". American Scientist (Book review). Sigma Xi. 88 (1). ISSN 0003-0996. Retrieved March 10, 2013. 
^ "Carl Sagan". EMuseum. Minnesota State University, Mankato. Archived from the original on May 28, 2010. Retrieved August 30, 2013. 
^ "CosmoLearning Astronomy". CosmoLearning. Retrieved October 8, 2009. 
^ Vergano, Dan (March 16, 2014). "Who Was Carl Sagan?". National Geographic Daily News. Washington, D.C.: National Geographic Society. Retrieved May 13, 2014. 
^ a b Browne, Ray Broadus. The Guide to United States Popular Culture, Popular Press (2001) p. 704
^ a b c "Cosmos". Academy of Television Arts & Sciences. Retrieved September 4, 2013. 
^ Popular Science, Oct. 2005, p. 90
^ Golden, Frederic (October 20, 1980). "The Cosmic Explainer". Time. Retrieved August 30, 2013. 
^ "Carl Sagan on the Tonight Show with Johnny Carson, 1980"
^ a b c Sagan & Druyan 1997, pp. 3–4
^ Shapiro, Fred R., ed. (2006). The Yale Book of Quotations. Foreword by Joseph Epstein. New Haven, CT: Yale University Press. p. 660. ISBN 978-0-300-10798-2. LCCN 2006012317. OCLC 66527213. 
^ Johnny Carson parodies Carl Sagan
^ Frazier, Kendrick, ed. (July–August 2005). "Carl Sagan Takes Questions: More From His 'Wonder and Skepticism' CSICOP 1994 Keynote". Skeptical Inquirer. Amherst, NY: The Committee for Skeptical Inquiry. 29.4. Retrieved March 25, 2010. 
^ "Sagan". Dictionary.com Unabridged. Random House. Retrieved August 31, 2013.  Jargon File 4.2.0.
^ Safire, William (April 17, 1994). "Footprints on the Infobahn". The New York Times. Retrieved August 31, 2013. 
^ Gresshoff, P.M. (2004). "Scheel D. and Wasternack C.(eds) Plant Signal Transduction" (PDF). Annals of Botany (Book review). Oxford University Press. 93 (6): 783–784. doi:10.1093/aob/mch102. Retrieved August 31, 2013. 
^ "Christmas Lectures 1977: The Planets : Ri Channel". Ri Channel. London: Royal Institution of Great Britain. Retrieved February 7, 2012. 
^ Turco, R.P.; Toon, O.B.; Ackerman, T.P.; Pollack, J.B.; Sagan, C. (January 12, 1990). "Climate and smoke: an appraisal of nuclear winter". Science. Washington, D.C.: American Association for the Advancement of Science. 247 (4939): 166–176. doi:10.2307/2873486. Retrieved August 31, 2013.  JSTOR link to full text article. Carl Sagan discussed his involvement in the political nuclear winter debates and his erroneous global cooling prediction for the Gulf War fires in his book, The Demon-Haunted World.
^ "Answers - The Most Trusted Place for Answering Life's Questions". Answers.com. 
^ a b The U.S. National Security State and Scientists’Challenge to Nuclear Weapons during the Cold War. Paul Harold Rubinson 2008.
^ "Meet Carl Sagan". The Science Channel. Discovery Communications. Archived from the original on May 18, 2007. Retrieved August 31, 2013. 
^ Sagan, Carl. Recorded lecture at Cornell in 1994, from Pale Blue Dot: A Vision of the Human Future in Space, Ballantine Books (reprint) (1997) p. 88
^ "PAGE 1 OF 2: Burning oil wells could be disaster, Sagan says January 23, 1991". 
^ Wilmington morning Star January 21’st, 1991
^ Hirschmann, Kris. "The Kuwaiti Oil Fires". Facts on File. 
^ "FIRST ISRAELI SCUD FATALITIES OIL FIRES IN KUWAIT". Nightline. yes. 1991-01-22. ABC. 
^ Sagan 1995, p. 257
^ Head 2006, p. 86–87
^ a b c Sagan, Carl; Ostro, Steven J. (Summer 1994). "Long-Range Consequences Of Interplanetary Collisions" (PDF). Issues in Science and Technology. Washington, D.C.: National Academy of Sciences. 10 (4): 67–72. Bibcode:1994IST....10...67S. ISSN 0748-5492. Retrieved August 31, 2013. 
^ a b "Chapter 18. The Marsh of Camarina - Pale Blue Dot: A Vision of the Human Future in Space". e-reading.club. 
^ Morrison, David (October 3, 2007). "Taking a Hit: Asteroid Impacts & Evolution". Astronomical Society of the Pacific (Podcast). Astronomical Society of the Pacific. Retrieved August 31, 2013. 
^ Gault, Matthew (28 November 2013). "When Earth Dreamed of Nuking the Moon". medium.com. War is Boring. Retrieved 28 November 2013. 
^ Sagan, Carl (writer/host) (November 9, 1980). "The Backbone of Night". Cosmos: A Personal Voyage. Episode 7. PBS. 
^ Dicke, William (December 21, 1996). "Carl Sagan, an Astronomer Who Excelled at Popularizing Science, Is Dead at 62". The New York Times. Retrieved August 31, 2013. 
^ Davidson, p. 202
^ Davidson, p. 227
^ Davidson, p. 341
^ a b c d e Davidson, p. 203
^ Davidson, p. 204
^ a b Davidson, p. 297
^ Druyan, Ann (November 2000). "A New Sense of the Sacred Carl Sagan's 'Cosmic Connection'". The Humanist. Washington, D.C.: American Humanist Association. 60 (6). Retrieved August 29, 2013. 
^ How to Reduce the Risk of Nuclear Warfare: Carl Sagan on Space Exploration (1986). Press Club.
^ Spangenburg & Moser 2004, p. 106
^ Morris, Julian (2000). Rethinking Risk and the Precautionary Principle. Butterworth-Heinemann. p. 116. ISBN 978-0-08-051623-3.  Extract of page 116
^ Women On War, Daniela Gioseffi.
^ Brewster, Melanie E. (2014). Atheists in America (reprinted ed.). Columbia University Press. p. 102. ISBN 978-0-231-53700-1.  Extract of page 102
^ Maggio, Rosalie. How They Said it, Prentice-Hall Press (2000) p. 20
^ Photo of Asimov and Sagan
^ Dear Uncle Ezra, archived from the original on 2013-06-06, retrieved 2016-08-16 
^ Asimov, Isaac (1981) [Originally published 1980; Garden City, NY: Doubleday]. In Joy Still Felt: The Autobiography of Isaac Asimov, 1954–1978. New York: Avon. pp. 217, 302. ISBN 0-380-53025-2. LCCN 79003685. OCLC 7880716. 
^ Sagan, Carl (1980) [Originally published 1979]. Broca's Brain: Reflections on the Romance of Science (Reprint ed.). New York: Ballantine Books. p. 330. ISBN 0-345-33689-5. LCCN 78021810. OCLC 428008204. 
^ "Quotes on Religion – Carl Sagan". Atheism.about.com. IAC. Retrieved March 10, 2013. 
^ Head 2006, p. 70
^ Schei, Kenneth A. (1996). An Atheist for Jesus. Synthesis. ISBN 0-926491-01-6. 
^ Sagan, Carl; Druyan, Ann (1997). The Demon-Haunted World: Science as a Candle in the Dark. Ballantine Books ISBN 0345409469
^ Head, Tom (1997). "Conversations with Carl". Skeptic. The Skeptics Society. 13 (1): 32–38.  Excerpted in Head 2006
^ Sagan, Carl (1997) [Originally published 1995]. The Demon-Haunted World: Science as a Candle in the Dark (1st Ballantine Books ed.). New York: Ballantine Books. p. 278. ISBN 0-345-40946-9. LCCN 95034076. OCLC 36504316. 
^ Tracy, David (1990). "Kenosis, Sunyata, and Trinity: A Dialogue with Masao Abe". In Cobb, John B., Jr.; Ives, Christopher. The Emptying God: A Buddhist-Jewish-Christian Conversation. Faith Meets Faith Series. Essays by Masao Abe. Maryknoll, NY: Orbis Books. p. 52. ISBN 0-883-44670-7. LCCN 90031442. OCLC 318355646. [page verification needed]
^ edited by Lynn Margulis, Dorion Sagan (2007). Dazzle Gradually: Reflections on the Nature of Nature. Chelsea Green Publishing. p. 14. ISBN 1933392312. CS1 maint: Extra text: authors list (link)
^ Druyan, Ann (November–December 2003). "Ann Druyan Talks About Science, Religion, Wonder, Awe ... and Carl Sagan". Skeptical Inquirer. Amherst, NY: Committee for Skeptical Inquiry. 27.6. ISSN 0194-6730. Retrieved July 27, 2010. 
^ Sagan, Carl (writer/host) (December 14, 1980). "Encyclopaedia Galactica". Cosmos: A Personal Voyage. Episode 12. 01:24 minutes in. PBS. 
^ Rawson, Hugh (2008). "Sagan's Standard". The Unwritten Laws of Life. CSBC Ltd. Archived from the original on January 12, 2012. Retrieved September 1, 2013. 
^ Truzzi, Marcello (1978). "On the Extraordinary: An Attempt at Clarification" (PDF). Zetetic Scholar. 1 (1): 11. 
^ Truzzi, Marcello (1998). Binkowski, Edward, ed. "On Some Unfair Practices towards Claims of the Paranormal". Oxymoron: Annual Thematic Anthology of the Arts and Sciences. New York: Oxymoron Media, Inc. 2: The Fringe. ISSN 1090-2236. OCLC 35240974. Retrieved September 1, 2013. 
^ Flournoy, Théodore (1983) [Originally published 1899; Geneva: Édition Atar]. Des Indes à la Planète Mars: Étude sur un cas de Somnambulisme avec Glossolalie [From India to the Planet Mars: A Study of a Case of Somnambulism with Glossolalia] (in French). Introduction by Hélène Boursinhac; translation by Daniel B. Vermilye (Reprint ed.). Geneva: Éditions Slatkine. pp. 344–345. ISBN 2-05-100499-4. OCLC 11558608. 
^ Sagan 1980 (1985 ed.), p. 108
^ Grinspoon, Lester (1994) [2nd ed. published 1977; Cambridge, MA: Harvard University Press]. Marihuana Reconsidered. New introduction by author (2nd (reprint) ed.). Oakland, CA: Quick American Archives. ISBN 0-932551-13-0. LCCN 77076767. OCLC 32410025. 
^ Sagan, Carl. "Mr. X". Marijuana-Uses.com. Retrieved August 7, 2009. 
^ Whitehouse, David (October 15, 1999). "Carl Sagan: A life in the cosmos". BBC News. BBC. Retrieved August 30, 2013. 
^ Davidson, Keay (August 22, 1999). "Billions and Billions of '60s Flashbacks". The San Francisco Examiner. Retrieved May 2, 2007. 
^ Larsen, Dana (November 1, 1999). "Carl Sagan: toking astronomer". Cannabis Culture. Vancouver, B.C. Retrieved May 2, 2007. 
^ "Foundation Board of Directors". NORML.org. Washington, D.C.: NORML and the NORML Foundation. August 13, 2010. Archived from the original on January 4, 2011. Retrieved September 2, 2013. 
^ "Ann Druyan". NORML.org. Washington, D.C.: NORML and the NORML Foundation. Retrieved July 20, 2011. 
^ a b Poundstone 1999, p. 364
^ a b Linzmayer, Owen; Chaffin, Bryan (November 15, 2004). "This Week in Apple History: November 14–20: McIntosh, IIe Killed, Butt-Head Astronomer". The Mac Observer. The Mac Observer, Inc. Retrieved July 23, 2012. 
^ Sagan v. Apple Computer, Inc., 874 F.Supp. 1072 (USDC C.D. Cal. 1994), CV 94-2180 LGB (BRx); 1994 U.S. Dist. LEXIS 20154.
^ a b Poundstone 1999, p. 374
^ Poundstone 1999, pp. 374–375
^ Sagan, Carl (2000) [Originally published 1973]. "'Hello, Central Casting? Send Me Twenty Extraterrestrials'". Carl Sagan's Cosmic Connection: An Extraterrestrial Perspective. Produced by Jerome Agel; new contributions by Freeman Dyson, Ann Druyan, and David Morrison (2nd ed.). Cambridge; New York: Cambridge University Press. p. 183. ISBN 0-521-78303-8. LCCN 00020378. OCLC 460747781. 
^ a b Westrum, Ron (2000). "Limited Access: Six Natural Scientists and the UFO Phenomenon". In Jacobs, David M. UFOs and Abductions: Challenging the Borders of Knowledge. Lawrence, KS: University Press of Kansas. pp. 31–55. ISBN 0-7006-1032-4. LCCN 00028970. OCLC 43615835. 
^ Appelle, Stuart (2000). "Ufology and Academia: The UFO Phenomenon as a Scholarly Discipline". In Jacobs, David M. UFOs and Abductions: Challenging the Borders of Knowledge. Lawrence, KS: University Press of Kansas. pp. 7–30. ISBN 0-7006-1032-4. LCCN 00028970. OCLC 43615835. 
^ Sagan 1995, pp. 81–96, 99–104
^ David Jacobs "The UFO Controversy In America" (1987), p.122-124
^ Quarles, Norma (December 20, 1996). "Carl Sagan dies at 62". CNN. Retrieved December 5, 2011. Sagan was a noted astronomer whose lifelong passion was searching for intelligent life in the cosmos. 
^ Carl Sagan at Find a Grave
^ "Sagan Planet Walk". sciencenter.org. Ithaca, NY: Sciencenter. Retrieved March 10, 2013. 
^ "Sagan Award for Public Understanding of Science". Council of Scientific Society Presidents. Archived from the original on July 26, 2007. Retrieved May 2, 2007. 
^ "The 2007 IIG Awards". IIG. Los Angeles: Independent Investigations Group. August 18, 2007. Retrieved July 1, 2011. 
^ Boswell, John (November 9, 2009). A Glorious Dawn (7-in (17.5 cm) gramophone record). Nashville, TN: Third Man Records. Retrieved September 3, 2013. 
^ D'Orazio, Dante (30 November 2014). "Wonderful short film imagines the day when we conquer the solar system". The Verge. Retrieved 19 February 2016. 
^ David, Leonard (1 December 2014). "Epic Short Film 'Wanderers' Envisions Humanity's Future in Space". Space.com. Retrieved 21 February 2016. 
^ "Latest News - Nightwish – The Official Website". nightwish.com. 
^ "WARNER BROS. HEADS TO THE COSMOS WITH CARL SAGAN BIOPIC", Tracking Board, August 17, 2015
^ "From the AHA archives: Carl Sagan's 1981 Humanist of the year speech". americanhumanist.org. Retrieved 25 December 2014. 
^ "American Philosophical Society Member History". Philadelphia, PA: American Philosophical Society. Retrieved September 3, 2013. 
^ Shore, Lys Ann (1987). "Controversies in Science and Fringe Science: From Animals and SETI to Quackery and SHC". The Skeptical Inquirer. 12 (1): 12–13. 
^ Karr, Barry (1994). "Five Honored with CSICOP Awards". Skeptical Inquirer. 18 (5): 461–462. 
^ "John F. Kennedy Astronautics Award". Springfield, VA: American Astronautical Society. Retrieved September 3, 2013. 
^ "The John W. Campbell Memorial Award". Lawrence, KS: Center for the Study of Science Fiction. Retrieved September 3, 2013. 
^ "Carl Sagan - 1975". The Joseph Priestley Award. Dickinson University. Retrieved 1 February 2017. 
^ "Public Welfare Medal". Washington, D.C.: National Academy of Sciences. Retrieved February 18, 2011. 
^ Mascarenhas, Rohan (May 3, 2009). "2009 New Jersey Hall of Fame inductees welcomed at NJPAC". The Star-Ledger. Newark, NJ: Advance Publications. Retrieved September 3, 2013. 
^ "CSICOP becomes CSI after thirty years". Committee for Skeptical Inquiry. Committee for Skeptical Inquiry. 20 November 2006. Archived from the original on 15 August 2009. 
^ "The Pantheon of Skeptics". CSI. Committee for Skeptical Inquiry. Archived from the original on 31 January 2017. Retrieved 30 April 2017. 


Further reading[edit]


Terzian, Yervant; Bilson, Elizabeth, eds. (1997). Carl Sagan's Universe. Cambridge; New York: Cambridge University Press. ISBN 0-521-57603-2. LCCN 96040511. OCLC 36130681. 
Achenbach, Joel (1999). Captured by Aliens: The Search for Life and Truth in a Very Large Universe. New York: Simon & Schuster. ISBN 0-684-84856-2. LCCN 99037592. OCLC 41606346. 
Davidson, Keay (1999). Carl Sagan: A Life. New York: John Wiley & Sons. ISBN 0-471-25286-7. LCCN 99036206. OCLC 41580617. 
Poundstone, William (1999). Carl Sagan: A Life in the Cosmos. New York: Henry Holt and Company. ISBN 0-8050-5766-8. LCCN 99014615. OCLC 40979822. 
Spangenburg, Ray; Moser, Kit (2004). Carl Sagan: A Biography. Westport, CT: Greenwood Publishing Group. ISBN 0-313-32265-1. LCCN 2004015176. OCLC 55846272. 
Head, Tom, ed. (2006). Conversations with Carl Sagan (1st ed.). Jackson, MS: University Press of Mississippi. ISBN 1-57806-736-7. LCCN 2005048747. OCLC 60375648. 
Morrison, David (2006). "Carl Sagan: The People's Astronomer". AmeriQuests. Nashville, TN: Vanderbilt University. 3 (2). ISSN 1553-4316. Retrieved August 30, 2013. 


External links[edit]

Find more aboutCarl Saganat Wikipedia's sister projects

Definitions from Wiktionary
Media from Commons
Quotations from Wikiquote
Texts from Wikisource



The Carl Sagan Portal
Carl Sagan (1934-1996) Biographical memories
Sagan interviewed by Ted Turner, CNN, 1989, video: 44 minutes.
BBC Radio program "Great Lives" on Carl Sagan's life
"A man whose time has come"—Interview with Carl Sagan by Ian Ridpath, New Scientist, July 4, 1974
Carl Sagan on IMDb
Works by or about Carl Sagan in libraries (WorldCat catalog)
"Carl Sagan's Life and Legacy as Scientist, Teacher, and Skeptic", by David Morrison, Committee for Skeptical Inquiry
"A Tribute to Carl Sagan: Our Place in the Universe", by Bill Nye, The Skeptics Society
FBI Records: The Vault - Carl Sagan at fbi.gov
"NASA Technical Reports Server (NTRS) 19630011050: Direct Contact Among Galactic Civilizations by Relativistic Interstellar Spaceflight", Carl Sagan, when he was at Stanford University, in 1962, produced a controversial paper funded by a NASA research grant that concludes ancient alien intervention may have sparked human civilization.







v
t
e


Carl Sagan



Scientific career



Pioneer plaque
Faint young Sun paradox
Cosmic Calendar
Voyager Golden Record (Contents)
Voyager Family Portrait

Pale Blue Dot


The Planetary Society
Search for extraterrestrial intelligence (SETI)








Books





Science




Mars and the Mind of Man (1971)
The Cosmic Connection: An Extraterrestrial Perspective (1973)
The Dragons of Eden: Speculations on the Evolution of Human Intelligence (1977)
Murmurs of Earth: The Voyager Interstellar Record (1978)
Broca's Brain: Reflections on the Romance of Science (1979)
Cosmos (1980)
The Nuclear Winter: The World After Nuclear War (1983)
The Cold and the Dark: The World after Nuclear War (1984)
Comet (1985)
A Path Where No Man Thought: Nuclear Winter and the End of the Arms Race (1990)
Shadows of Forgotten Ancestors: A Search for Who We Are (1993)
Pale Blue Dot: A Vision of the Human Future in Space (1994)
The Demon-Haunted World: Science as a Candle in the Dark (1995)
Billions and Billions: Thoughts on Life and Death at the Brink of the Millennium (1997)
The Varieties of Scientific Experience: A Personal View of the Search for God (2006)






Fiction




Contact (1985)








Media



Cosmos: A Personal Voyage (1980 TV series)
Contact (1997 film)
Cosmos: A Spacetime Odyssey (2014 TV series)
Wanderers (2014 film narration)





Family



Lynn Margulis (first wife)
Dorion Sagan (son)
Jeremy Sagan (son)
Linda Salzman Sagan (second wife)
Nick Sagan (son)
Ann Druyan (third wife)





Sagan Prizes



Carl Sagan Memorial Award
Carl Sagan Medal
Carl Sagan Award for Public Understanding of Science





Recognition



Carl Sagan Institute
Sagan Planet Walk
Carl Sagan Memorial Station
2709 Sagan
Pale Blue Dot: A Tribute to Carl Sagan
Symphony of Science
The Sagan series





Other



Quotes
Sagan's number
900 Stewart Avenue












v
t
e


Pulitzer Prize for General Nonfiction (1976–2000)






Why Survive? Being Old in America by Robert Neil Butler (1976)
Beautiful Swimmers by William W. Warner (1977)
The Dragons of Eden by Carl Sagan (1978)
On Human Nature by Edward O. Wilson (1979)
Gödel, Escher, Bach: an Eternal Golden Braid by Douglas Hofstadter (1980)
Fin-de-siècle Vienna by Carl E. Schorske (1981)
The Soul of a New Machine by Tracy Kidder (1982)
Is There No Place on Earth for Me? by Susan Sheehan (1983)
The Social Transformation of American Medicine by Paul Starr (1984)
The Good War by Studs Terkel (1985)
Common Ground: A Turbulent Decade in the Lives of Three American Families by J. Anthony Lukas / Move Your Shadow by Joseph Lelyveld (1986)
Arab and Jew: Wounded Spirits in a Promised Land by David K. Shipler (1987)
The Making of the Atomic Bomb by Richard Rhodes (1988)
A Bright Shining Lie by Neil Sheehan (1989)
And Their Children After Them by Dale Maharidge and Michael Williamson (1990)
The Ants by Bert Hölldobler and Edward O. Wilson (1991)
The Prize: The Epic Quest for Oil, Money, and Power by Daniel Yergin (1992)
Lincoln at Gettysburg: The Words That Remade America by Garry Wills (1993)
Lenin's Tomb: The Last Days of the Soviet Empire by David Remnick (1994)
The Beak of the Finch: A Story Of Evolution In Our Time by Jonathan Weiner (1995)
The Haunted Land: Facing Europe's Ghosts After Communism by Tina Rosenberg (1996)
Ashes to Ashes: America's Hundred-Year Cigarette War, the Public Health, and the Unabashed Triumph of Philip Morris by Richard Kluger (1997)
Guns, Germs, and Steel: The Fates of Human Societies by Jared Diamond (1998)
Annals of the Former World by John McPhee (1999)
Embracing Defeat by John W. Dower (2000)








Complete list
(1962–1975)
(1976–2000)
(2001–2025)












v
t
e


The Planetary Society



Projects



Cosmos 1
Living Interplanetary Flight Experiment
LightSail 2





Programs



Planetary Radio (guests)
Planetary Report





People



Louis Friedman
Carl Sagan
Bruce C. Murray
Bill Nye
Wesley Huntress
Mat Kaplan












v
t
e


Criticism of religion



By religion



Buddhism
Christianity

Catholic

Opus Dei


Jehovah's Witnesses
Latter Day Saint movement
Protestantism
Seventh-day Adventist
Unification Church
Westboro Baptist Church


Hinduism
Islam

Islamism
Twelver Shi’ism
Wahhabism


Jainism
Judaism
Monotheism
New religious movement
Scientology
Sikhism
Yazdânism
Zoroastrianism





Religious texts



Bible
Quran
Hadiths
Mormon sacred texts

Book of Mormon


Talmud





Religious figures



Aisha
Charles Taze Russell
Ellen White
Jesus
Moses
Muhammad
Mirza Ghulam Ahmad
Saul





Religion and violence



Buddhism
Christianity

Mormonism


Judaism
Islam
Terrorism

Christian
Hindu
Islamic
Jewish


Persecution

Christian thought on persecution and tolerance


War

In Islam
In Judaism


Sectarian violence
By country

India

Anti-Christian violence
In Odisha


Nigeria
Pakistan







Books



Atheist Manifesto
Breaking the Spell: Religion as a Natural Phenomenon
Christianity Unveiled
God in the Age of Science?
God Is Not Great
God: The Failed Hypothesis
Letter to a Christian Nation
The Age of Reason
The Blind Watchmaker
The Caged Virgin
The End of Faith
The God Delusion
The Rage Against God
Why I Am Not a Christian
Why I Am Not a Muslim





Movements



Agnosticism
Antitheism
Atheism
Criticism of atheism
Cārvāka
New Atheism
Nontheistic religions
Parody religion









Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 36997809
LCCN: n79064998
ISNI: 0000 0001 2128 2295
GND: 115873937
SELIBR: 266983
SUDOC: 032799128
BNF: cb12375841d (data)
MusicBrainz: 5d63a48c-16fc-4515-be15-c97bf0b3e396
NLA: 35471465
NDL: 00455136
NKC: jn19990007295
BNE: XX989452










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Carl_Sagan&oldid=791744368"					
Categories: Carl Sagan1934 births1996 deaths20th-century American writers20th-century American novelistsFellows at the University of California, BerkeleyAmerican agnosticsCritics of religionsAmerican activistsAmerican anti–nuclear weapons activistsAmerican anti–Vietnam War activistsAmerican astronomersAmerican cannabis activistsAmerican humanistsAmerican naturalistsAmerican nature writersAmerican pacifistsAmerican people of Russian-Jewish descentAmerican science fiction writersAmerican science writersAmerican skepticsAmerican UFO writersAstrochemistryAstrophysicsCosmologistsCornell University facultyDeaths from pneumoniaHarvard University peopleInfectious disease deaths in Washington (state)Jewish American scientistsJewish skepticsCritics of alternative medicineJewish activistsJewish agnosticsWriters from BrooklynPantheistsPlanetary scientistsPulitzer Prize for General Non-Fiction winnersRahway High School alumniScience communicatorsSearch for extraterrestrial intelligenceInterstellar messagesSpace advocatesUniversity of Chicago alumniNational Academy of Sciences laureatesPresidents of The Planetary SocietyFellows of the Committee for Skeptical InquiryPeople associated with the American Museum of Natural HistoryMembers of the American Philosophical SocietySagan familyAmerican male novelistsAstrobiologistsSpinozistsHidden categories: All pages needing factual verificationWikipedia articles needing factual verification from September 2013CS1 maint: Extra text: authors listCS1 French-language sources (fr)Find a Grave template with ID same as WikidataUse mdy dates from July 2013Wikipedia articles needing clarification from October 2014Wikipedia articles needing clarification from March 2016All articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from September 2013Wikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with LCCN identifiersWikipedia articles with ISNI identifiersWikipedia articles with GND identifiersWikipedia articles with SELIBR identifiersWikipedia articles with BNF identifiersWikipedia articles with MusicBrainz identifiersWikipedia articles with NLA identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia CommonsWikiquoteWikisource 



Languages


Afrikaansالعربيةঅসমীয়াAsturianuAzərbaycancaবাংলাBân-lâm-gúБеларускаяБългарскиBosanskiCatalàČeštinaCymraegDanskDeutschEestiΕλληνικάEspañolEsperantoEuskaraفارسیFrançaisGaeilgeGalego한국어Հայերենहिन्दीHrvatskiIdoBahasa IndonesiaÍslenskaItalianoעבריתBasa Jawaಕನ್ನಡქართულიLatinaLatviešuLëtzebuergeschLietuviųLimburgsMagyarМакедонскиMalagasyമലയാളംमराठीمصرىBaso Minangkabauမြန်မာဘာသာNāhuatlNederlands日本語Norsk bokmålNorsk nynorskOccitanਪੰਜਾਬੀپنجابیPolskiPortuguêsRomânăRuna SimiРусскийScotsShqipSimple EnglishSlovenčinaSlovenščinaکوردیСрпски / srpskiSrpskohrvatski / српскохрватскиSuomiSvenskaTagalogதமிழ்తెలుగుไทยTürkçeУкраїнськаاردوTiếng ViệtWinaray中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 22 July 2017, at 06:20.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Carl Sagan - Wikipedia






















 






Carl Sagan

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search



Carl Sagan



Carl Sagan in 1980



Born
Carl Edward Sagan
(1934-11-09)November 9, 1934
Brooklyn, New York, U.S.


Died
December 20, 1996(1996-12-20) (aged 62)
Seattle, Washington, U.S.


Resting place
Ithaca, New York, U.S.


Nationality
American


Fields



Astronomy
astrophysics
cosmology
astrobiology
space science
planetary science





Institutions



Cornell University
Harvard University
Smithsonian Astrophysical Observatory
University of California, Berkeley





Alma mater
University of Chicago


Doctoral advisor
Gerard Kuiper


Doctoral students
Clark Chapman, James B. Pollack, Owen Toon


Known for



Search for Extra-Terrestrial Intelligence (SETI)
Cosmos: A Personal Voyage
Cosmos
Voyager Golden Record
Pioneer plaque
The Dragons of Eden
Contact
Pale Blue Dot





Notable awards
Klumpke-Roberts Award (1974)
NASA Distinguished Public Service Medal (1977)
Pulitzer Prize for General Non-Fiction (1978)
Oersted Medal (1990)
Carl Sagan Award for Public Understanding of Science (1993)
National Academy of Sciences Public Welfare Medal (1994)


Spouse
Lynn Margulis (m. 1957; div. 1965)
Linda Salzman (m. 1968; div. 1981)
Ann Druyan (m. 1981)


Children
5, including Dorion and Nick


Signature




Carl Edward Sagan (/ˈseɪɡən/; November 9, 1934 – December 20, 1996) was an American astronomer, cosmologist, astrophysicist, astrobiologist, author, science popularizer, and science communicator in astronomy and other natural sciences. He is best known for his work as a science popularizer and communicator. His best known scientific contribution is research on extraterrestrial life, including experimental demonstration of the production of amino acids from basic chemicals by radiation. Sagan assembled the first physical messages sent into space: the Pioneer plaque and the Voyager Golden Record, universal messages that could potentially be understood by any extraterrestrial intelligence that might find them. Sagan argued the now accepted hypothesis that the high surface temperatures of Venus can be attributed to and calculated using the greenhouse effect.[1]
Sagan published more than 600 scientific papers and articles and was author, co-author or editor of more than 20 books. He wrote many popular science books, such as The Dragons of Eden, Broca's Brain and Pale Blue Dot, and narrated and co-wrote the award-winning 1980 television series Cosmos: A Personal Voyage. The most widely watched series in the history of American public television, Cosmos has been seen by at least 500 million people across 60 different countries.[2] The book Cosmos was published to accompany the series. He also wrote the science fiction novel Contact, the basis for a 1997 film of the same name. His papers, containing 595,000 items,[3] are archived at The Library of Congress.[4]
Sagan advocated scientific skeptical inquiry and the scientific method, pioneered exobiology and promoted the Search for Extra-Terrestrial Intelligence (SETI). He spent most of his career as a professor of astronomy at Cornell University, where he directed the Laboratory for Planetary Studies. Sagan and his works received numerous awards and honors, including the NASA Distinguished Public Service Medal, the National Academy of Sciences Public Welfare Medal, the Pulitzer Prize for General Non-Fiction for his book The Dragons of Eden, and, regarding Cosmos: A Personal Voyage, two Emmy Awards, the Peabody Award and the Hugo Award. He married three times and had five children. After suffering from myelodysplasia, Sagan died of pneumonia at the age of 62, on December 20, 1996.



Contents


1 Early life

1.1 1939 World's Fair
1.2 World War II
1.3 Inquisitiveness about nature
1.4 High school years


2 Education
3 Scientific career
4 Scientific achievements
5 Cosmos: popularizing science on TV

5.1 "Billions and billions"


6 Scientific and critical thinking advocacy

6.1 Popularizing science
6.2 Criticisms


7 Social concerns
8 Personal life and beliefs
9 Sagan and UFOs
10 Death
11 Posthumous recognition
12 Awards and honors
13 Publications
14 See also
15 Notes
16 References
17 Further reading
18 External links



Early life[edit]
Carl Sagan was born in Brooklyn, New York.[5] His father, Samuel Sagan, was an immigrant garment worker from Kamianets-Podilskyi, then in the Russian Empire,[6] in today's Ukraine. His mother, Rachel Molly Gruber, was a housewife from New York. Carl was named in honor of Rachel's biological mother, Chaiya Clara, in Sagan's words, "the mother she never knew."[7]
He had a sister, Carol, and the family lived in a modest apartment near the Atlantic Ocean, in Bensonhurst, a Brooklyn neighborhood. According to Sagan, they were Reform Jews, the most liberal of North American Judaism's four main groups. Both Sagan and his sister agreed that their father was not especially religious, but that their mother "definitely believed in God, and was active in the temple ... and served only kosher meat."[7]:12 During the depths of the Depression, his father worked as a theater usher.
According to biographer Keay Davidson, Sagan's "inner war" was a result of his close relationship with both of his parents, who were in many ways "opposites." Sagan traced his later analytical urges to his mother, a woman who had been extremely poor as a child in New York City during World War I and the 1920s.[7]:2 As a young woman she had held her own intellectual ambitions, but they were frustrated by social restrictions: her poverty, her status as a woman and a wife, and her Jewish ethnicity. Davidson notes that she therefore "worshipped her only son, Carl. He would fulfill her unfulfilled dreams."[7]:2
However, he claimed that his sense of wonder came from his father. In his free time he gave apples to the poor or helped soothe labor-management tensions within New York's garment industry.[7]:2 Although he was awed by Carl's intellectual abilities, he took his son's inquisitiveness in stride and saw it as part of his growing up.[7]:2 In his later years as a writer and scientist, Sagan would often draw on his childhood memories to illustrate scientific points, as he did in his book, Shadows of Forgotten Ancestors.[7]:9 Sagan describes his parents' influence on his later thinking:

My parents were not scientists. They knew almost nothing about science. But in introducing me simultaneously to skepticism and to wonder, they taught me the two uneasily cohabiting modes of thought that are central to the scientific method.[8]

1939 World's Fair[edit]
Sagan recalls that one of his most defining moments was when his parents took him to the 1939 New York World's Fair when he was four years old. The exhibits became a turning point in his life. He later recalled the moving map of the America of Tomorrow exhibit: "It showed beautiful highways and cloverleaves and little General Motors cars all carrying people to skyscrapers, buildings with lovely spires, flying buttresses—and it looked great!"[7]:14 At other exhibits, he remembered how a flashlight that shone on a photoelectric cell created a crackling sound, and how the sound from a tuning fork became a wave on an oscilloscope. He also witnessed the future media technology that would replace radio: television. Sagan wrote:

Plainly, the world held wonders of a kind I had never guessed. How could a tone become a picture and light become a noise?[7]:14

He also saw one of the Fair's most publicized events, the burial of a time capsule at Flushing Meadows, which contained mementos of the 1930s to be recovered by Earth's descendants in a future millennium. "The time capsule thrilled Carl," writes Davidson. As an adult, Sagan and his colleagues would create similar time capsules—capsules that would be sent out into the galaxy; these were the Pioneer plaque and the Voyager Golden Record précis, all of which were spinoffs of Sagan's memories of the World's Fair.[7]:15
World War II[edit]
During World War II Sagan's family worried about the fate of their European relatives. Sagan, however, was generally unaware of the details of the ongoing war. He wrote, "Sure, we had relatives who were caught up in the Holocaust. Hitler was not a popular fellow in our household... But on the other hand, I was fairly insulated from the horrors of the war." His sister, Carol, said that their mother "above all wanted to protect Carl... She had an extraordinarily difficult time dealing with World War II and the Holocaust."[7]:15 Sagan's book, The Demon-Haunted World (1996), included his memories of this conflicted period, when his family dealt with the realities of the war in Europe but tried to prevent it from undermining his optimistic spirit.[8]
Inquisitiveness about nature[edit]
Soon after entering elementary school he began to express a strong inquisitiveness about nature. Sagan recalled taking his first trips to the public library alone, at the age of five, when his mother got him a library card. He wanted to learn what stars were, since none of his friends or their parents could give him a clear answer:

I went to the librarian and asked for a book about stars ... And the answer was stunning. It was that the Sun was a star but really close. The stars were suns, but so far away they were just little points of light ... The scale of the universe suddenly opened up to me. It was a kind of religious experience. There was a magnificence to it, a grandeur, a scale which has never left me. Never ever left me.[7]:18

At about age six or seven, he and a close friend took trips to the American Museum of Natural History across the East River in Manhattan. While there, they went to the Hayden Planetarium and walked around the museum's exhibits of space objects, such as meteorites, and displays of dinosaurs and animals in natural settings. Sagan writes about those visits:

I was transfixed by the dioramas—lifelike representations of animals and their habitats all over the world. Penguins on the dimly lit Antarctic ice; ...a family of gorillas, the male beating his chest, ...an American grizzly bear standing on his hind legs, ten or twelve feet tall, and staring me right in the eye.[7]:18

His parents helped nurture his growing interest in science by buying him chemistry sets and reading materials. His interest in space, however, was his primary focus, especially after reading science fiction stories by writers such as H. G. Wells and Edgar Rice Burroughs, which stirred his imagination about life on other planets such as Mars. According to biographer Ray Spangenburg, these early years as Sagan tried to understand the mysteries of the planets became a "driving force in his life, a continual spark to his intellect, and a quest that would never be forgotten."[8]
In 1947 he discovered Astounding Science Fiction magazine, which introduced him to more hard science fiction speculations than those in Burroughs's novels. That same year inaugurated the "flying saucer" mass hysteria with the young Carl suspecting the "discs" might be alien spaceships.[9]
High school years[edit]
Sagan had lived in Bensonhurst where he went to David A. Boody Junior High School. He had his bar mitzvah in Bensonhurst when he turned 13.[7]:23 The following year, 1948, his family moved to the nearby town of Rahway, New Jersey for his father's work, where Sagan then entered Rahway High School. He graduated in 1951.[7]:23 Rahway was an older industrial town, and the Sagans were among its few Jewish families.[7]:23




Photo of Sagan from high school yearbook, 1951


Sagan was a straight-A student but was bored due to unchallenging classes and uninspiring teachers.[7]:23 His teachers realized this and tried to convince his parents to send him to a private school, the administrator telling them, "This kid ought to go to a school for gifted children, he has something really remarkable."[7]:24 This they couldn't do, partly because of the cost.
Sagan was made president of the school's chemistry club, and at home he set up his own laboratory. He taught himself about molecules by making cardboard cutouts to help him visualize how molecules were formed: "I found that about as interesting as doing [chemical] experiments," he said.[7]:24 Sagan remained mostly interested in astronomy as a hobby, and in his junior year made it a career goal after he learned that astronomers were paid for doing what he always enjoyed: "That was a splendid day­­­­—when I began to suspect that if I tried hard I could do astronomy full-time, not just part-time."[7]:25
Before the end of high school, he entered an essay contest in which he posed the question of whether human contact with advanced life forms from another planet might be as disastrous for people on Earth as it was for Native Americans when they first had contact with Europeans.[10] The subject was considered controversial, but his rhetorical skill won over the judges and they awarded him first prize.[10] By graduation, his classmates had voted him "Most likely to succeed," and put him in line to be valedictorian.[10]
Education[edit]
Sagan attended the University of Chicago, which was one of the few colleges he applied to that would consider admitting a sixteen-year-old, despite his excellent high school grades. Its Chancellor, Robert Hutchins, structured the school as an "ideal meritocracy," with no age requirement.[11] The school also employed a number of the nation's leading scientists, including Enrico Fermi and Edward Teller, along with operating the famous Yerkes Observatory.[11]
During his time as an honors program undergraduate, Sagan worked in the laboratory of the geneticist H. J. Muller and wrote a thesis on the origins of life with physical chemist Harold Urey. Sagan joined the Ryerson Astronomical Society,[12] received a B.A. degree in self-proclaimed "nothing" with general and special honors in 1954, and a B.S. degree in physics in 1955. He went on to earn a M.S. degree in physics in 1956, before earning a Ph.D. degree in 1960 with the dissertation "Physical Studies of Planets" submitted to the Department of Astronomy and Astrophysics.[13][14][15][16]
He used the summer months of his graduate studies to work with his dissertation director, planetary scientist Gerard Kuiper, as well as physicist George Gamow, and chemist Melvin Calvin. The title of Sagan's dissertation reflects his shared interests with Kuiper, who throughout the 1950s had been president of the International Astronomical Union's commission on "Physical Studies of Planets and Satellites".[17] In 1958, the two worked on the classified military Project A119, the secret Air Force plan to detonate a nuclear warhead on the Moon.[18]
Sagan had a "Top Secret" clearance at the U.S. Air Force and a "Secret" clearance with NASA.[19] While working on his doctoral dissertation, Sagan revealed US Government classified titles of two Project A119 papers when he applied for a University of California at Berkeley scholarship in 1959. The leak was not publicly revealed until 1999, when it was published in the journal "Nature". A follow-up letter to the journal by project leader Leonard Reiffel confirmed Sagan's security leak.[20]
Scientific career[edit]
From 1960 to 1962 Sagan was a Miller Fellow at the University of California, Berkeley.[21] Meanwhile, he published an article in 1961 in the journal Science on the atmosphere of Venus, while also working with NASA's Mariner 2 team, and served as a "Planetary Sciences Consultant" to the RAND Corporation.[22]


Play media


Sagan is one of those discussing the likelihood of life on other planets in Who's Out There? (1973), an award-winning NASA documentary film by Robert Drew


After the publication of Sagan's Science article, in 1961 Harvard University astronomers Fred Whipple and Donald Menzel offered Sagan the opportunity to give a colloquium at Harvard, and they subsequently offered him a lecturer position at the institution. Sagan instead asked to be made an assistant professor, and eventually Whipple and Menzel were able to convince Harvard to offer Sagan the assistant professor position he requested.[22] Sagan lectured, performed research, and advised graduate students at the institution from 1963 until 1968, as well as working at the Smithsonian Astrophysical Observatory, both located in Cambridge, Massachusetts.
In 1968, Sagan was denied tenure at Harvard. He later indicated the decision was very much unexpected.[23] The tenure denial has been blamed on several factors, including that he focused his interests too broadly across a number of areas (while the norm in academia is to become a renowned expert in a narrow specialty), and perhaps because of his well-publicized scientific advocacy, which some scientists perceived as borrowing the ideas of others for little more than self-promotion.[19] An advisor from his years as an undergraduate student, Harold Urey, wrote a letter to the tenure committee recommending strongly against tenure for Sagan.[9]


Science is more than a body of knowledge; it is a way of thinking. I have a foreboding of an America in my children's or grandchildren's time — when the United States is a service and information economy; when nearly all the key manufacturing industries have slipped away to other countries; when awesome technological powers are in the hands of a very few, and no one representing the public interest can even grasp the issues; when the people have lost the ability to set their own agendas or knowledgeably question those in authority; when, clutching our crystals and nervously consulting our horoscopes, our critical faculties in decline, unable to distinguish between what feels good and what's true, we slide, almost without noticing, back into superstition and darkness.

Carl Sagan, from Demon-Haunted World (1995)[24]
Long before the ill-fated tenure process, Cornell University astronomer Thomas Gold had courted Sagan to move to Ithaca, New York and join the faculty at Cornell. Following the denial of tenure from Harvard, Sagan accepted Gold's offer and remained a faculty member at Cornell for nearly 30 years until his death in 1996. Unlike Harvard, the smaller and more laid-back astronomy department at Cornell welcomed Sagan's growing celebrity status.[25] Following two years as an associate professor, Sagan became a full professor at Cornell in 1970, and directed the Laboratory for Planetary Studies there. From 1972 to 1981, he was associate director of the Center for Radiophysics and Space Research (CRSR) at Cornell. In 1976, he became the David Duncan Professor of Astronomy and Space Sciences, a position he held for the remainder of his life.[26]
Sagan was associated with the U.S. space program from its inception. From the 1950s onward, he worked as an advisor to NASA, where one of his duties included briefing the Apollo astronauts before their flights to the Moon. Sagan contributed to many of the robotic spacecraft missions that explored the Solar System, arranging experiments on many of the expeditions. Sagan assembled the first physical message that was sent into space: a gold-anodized plaque, attached to the space probe Pioneer 10, launched in 1972. Pioneer 11, also carrying another copy of the plaque, was launched the following year. He continued to refine his designs; the most elaborate message he helped to develop and assemble was the Voyager Golden Record that was sent out with the Voyager space probes in 1977. Sagan often challenged the decisions to fund the Space Shuttle and the International Space Station at the expense of further robotic missions.[27]
Scientific achievements[edit]
Former student David Morrison describes Sagan as "an 'idea person' and a master of intuitive physical arguments and 'back of the envelope' calculations,"[19] and Gerard Kuiper said that "Some persons work best in specializing on a major program in the laboratory; others are best in liaison between sciences. Dr. Sagan belongs in the latter group."[19]
Sagan's contributions were central to the discovery of the high surface temperatures of the planet Venus.[1][28] In the early 1960s no one knew for certain the basic conditions of that planet's surface, and Sagan listed the possibilities in a report later depicted for popularization in a Time–Life book, Planets. His own view was that Venus was dry and very hot as opposed to the balmy paradise others had imagined. He had investigated radio emissions from Venus and concluded that there was a surface temperature of 500 °C (900 °F). As a visiting scientist to NASA's Jet Propulsion Laboratory, he contributed to the first Mariner missions to Venus, working on the design and management of the project. Mariner 2 confirmed his conclusions on the surface conditions of Venus in 1962.
Sagan was among[clarification needed] the first to hypothesize that Saturn's moon Titan might possess oceans of liquid compounds on its surface and that Jupiter's moon Europa might possess subsurface oceans of water. This would make Europa potentially habitable.[29] Europa's subsurface ocean of water was later indirectly confirmed by the spacecraft Galileo. The mystery of Titan's reddish haze was also solved with Sagan's help. The reddish haze was revealed to be due to complex organic molecules constantly raining down onto Titan's surface.[30]
He further contributed insights regarding the atmospheres of Venus and Jupiter as well as seasonal changes on Mars. He also perceived global warming as a growing, man-made danger and likened it to the natural development of Venus into a hot, life-hostile planet through a kind of runaway greenhouse effect.[31] Sagan and his Cornell colleague Edwin Ernest Salpeter speculated about life in Jupiter's clouds, given the planet's dense atmospheric composition rich in organic molecules. He studied the observed color variations on Mars' surface and concluded that they were not seasonal or vegetational changes as most believed[clarification needed] but shifts in surface dust caused by windstorms.
Sagan is best known, however, for his research on the possibilities of extraterrestrial life, including experimental demonstration of the production of amino acids from basic chemicals by radiation.[32][33]
He is also the 1994 recipient of the Public Welfare Medal, the highest award of the National Academy of Sciences for "distinguished contributions in the application of science to the public welfare".[34] He was denied membership in the Academy, reportedly because his media activities made him unpopular with many other scientists.[35][36][37]
Cosmos: popularizing science on TV[edit]




Sagan in Cosmos (1980)


In 1980 Sagan co-wrote and narrated the award-winning 13-part PBS television series, Cosmos: A Personal Voyage, which became the most widely watched series in the history of American public television. The show has been seen by at least 500 million people across 60 different countries.[2][38][39] The book, Cosmos, written by Sagan, was published to accompany the series.[40]
Because of his earlier popularity as a science writer from his best-selling books, including The Dragons of Eden, which won him a Pulitzer Prize in 1977, he was asked to write and narrate the show. It was targeted to a general audience of viewers who Sagan felt had lost interest in science, partly due to a stifled educational system.[41]
Each of the 13 episodes was created to focus on a particular subject or person, thereby demonstrating the synergy of the universe.[41] They covered a wide range of scientific subjects including the origin of life and a perspective of humans' place on Earth.
The show won an Emmy[42] along with a Peabody Award, and transformed Sagan from an obscure astronomer into a pop-culture icon.[43] Time magazine ran a cover story about Sagan soon after the show broadcast, referring to him as "creator, chief writer and host-narrator of the show.[44] In 2000, "Cosmos" was released on a remastered set of DVDs.
 "Billions and billions"[edit]
See also: Sagan's number




Sagan with a model of the Viking lander that would land on Mars. Sagan examined possible landing sites for Viking along with Mike Carr and Hal Masursky.


From Cosmos, he was invited to frequent appearances on The Tonight Show Starring Johnny Carson.[45] Sagan became jokingly associated with the catchphrase "billions and billions", although he never actually used the phrase in the Cosmos series.[46] He rather used the term "billions upon billions."[47] Carson, however, would sometimes use the phrase during his parodies of Sagan.[48][a]
As a humorous tribute to Sagan and his association with the catchphrase "billions and billions", a sagan has been defined as a unit of measurement equivalent to a very large number of anything.[50][51][52]
Scientific and critical thinking advocacy[edit]

Sagan's ability to convey his ideas allowed many people to understand the cosmos better—simultaneously emphasizing the value and worthiness of the human race, and the relative insignificance of the Earth in comparison to the Universe. He delivered the 1977 series of Royal Institution Christmas Lectures in London.[53]
Sagan was a proponent of the search for extraterrestrial life. He urged the scientific community to listen with radio telescopes for signals from potential intelligent extraterrestrial life-forms. Sagan was so persuasive that by 1982 he was able to get a petition advocating SETI published in the journal Science and signed by 70 scientists, including seven Nobel Prize winners. This signaled a tremendous increase in the respectability of a then-controversial field. Sagan also helped Frank Drake write the Arecibo message, a radio message beamed into space from the Arecibo radio telescope on November 16, 1974, aimed at informing potential extraterrestrials about Earth.
Sagan was chief technology officer of the professional planetary research journal Icarus for twelve years. He co-founded The Planetary Society, and a member of the SETI Institute Board of Trustees. Sagan served as Chairman of the Division for Planetary Science of the American Astronomical Society, as President of the Planetology Section of the American Geophysical Union, and as Chairman of the Astronomy Section of the American Association for the Advancement of Science (AAAS).




The Planetary Society members at the organization's founding. Carl Sagan is seated on the right.


At the height of the Cold War, Sagan became involved in nuclear disarmament efforts by promoting hypotheses on the effects of nuclear war when Paul Crutzen's "Twilight at Noon" concept, suggested that a substantial nuclear exchange could trigger a nuclear twilight and upset the delicate balance of life on Earth by cooling the surface. In 1983 he was one of five authors—the "S"—in the follow-up "TTAPS" model (as the research paper came to be known), which contained the first usage of the term "nuclear winter" which his colleague Richard P. Turco coined.[54][55] In 1984 he co-authored the book The Cold and the Dark: The World after Nuclear War and in 1990 he co-authored the book A Path Where No Man Thought: Nuclear Winter and the End of the Arms Race, which explains the nuclear winter hypothesis and with that advocates nuclear disarmament. Sagan received a great deal of skepticism and disdain for the use of media to disseminate a very uncertain hypothesis. In personal correspondence with Edward Teller c. 1983, although beginning amicably, with Teller expressing support for continued research to ascertain the credibility of the winter hypothesis, Sagan and Teller's correspondence would ultimately result in Teller writing "A propagandist is one who uses incomplete information to produce maximum persuasion. I can compliment you on being, indeed, an excellent propagandist remembering that a propagandist is the better the less he appears to be one".[56] Biographers of Sagan would also comment that from a scientific viewpoint, nuclear winter was a low point for Sagan, although politically speaking it popularized his image amongst the public.[56]
Sagan also wrote books to popularize science, such as Cosmos, which reflected and expanded upon some of the themes of A Personal Voyage and became the best-selling science book ever published in English;[57] The Dragons of Eden: Speculations on the Evolution of Human Intelligence, which won a Pulitzer Prize; and Broca's Brain: Reflections on the Romance of Science. Sagan also wrote the best-selling science fiction novel Contact in 1985, based on a film treatment he wrote with his wife in 1979, but he did not live to see the book's 1997 motion picture adaptation, which starred Jodie Foster and won the 1998 Hugo Award for Best Dramatic Presentation.




Pale Blue Dot: Earth is a bright pixel when photographed from Voyager 1 six billion kilometers out (beyond Pluto). Sagan encouraged NASA to generate this image.

from Pale Blue Dot (1994)

"On it, everyone you ever heard of...The aggregate of all our joys and sufferings, thousands of confident religions, ideologies and economic doctrines, every hunter and forager, every hero and coward, every creator and destroyer of civilizations, every king and peasant, every young couple in love, every hopeful child, every mother and father, every inventor and explorer, every teacher of morals, every corrupt politician, every superstar, every supreme leader, every saint and sinner in the history of our species, lived there on a mote of dust, suspended in a sunbeam. . . .

Think of the rivers of blood spilled by all those generals and emperors so that in glory and triumph they could become the momentary masters of a fraction of a dot."

Carl Sagan, Cornell lecture in 1994[58]



He wrote a sequel to Cosmos, Pale Blue Dot: A Vision of the Human Future in Space, which was selected as a notable book of 1995 by The New York Times. He appeared on PBS' Charlie Rose program in January 1995.[27] Sagan also wrote the introduction for Stephen Hawking's bestseller, A Brief History of Time. Sagan was also known for his popularization of science, his efforts to increase scientific understanding among the general public, and his positions in favor of scientific skepticism and against pseudoscience, such as his debunking of the Betty and Barney Hill abduction. To mark the tenth anniversary of Sagan's death, David Morrison, a former student of Sagan's, recalled "Sagan's immense contributions to planetary research, the public understanding of science, and the skeptical movement" in Skeptical Inquirer.[19]
Following Saddam Hussein's threats to light Kuwait's oil wells on fire in response to any physical challenge to Iraqi control of the oil assets, Sagan together with his "TTAPS" colleagues and Paul Crutzen, warned in January 1991 in the Baltimore Sun and Wilmington Morning Star newspapers that if the fires were left to burn over a period of several months, enough smoke from the 600 or so 1991 Kuwaiti oil fires "might get so high as to disrupt agriculture in much of South Asia ..." and that this possibility should "affect the war plans";[59][60] these claims were also the subject of a televised debate between Sagan and physicist Fred Singer on 22 January, aired on the ABC News program Nightline.[61][62]




Sagan admitted he had overestimated the danger posed by the 1991 Kuwaiti oil fires.


In the televised debate, Sagan argued that the effects of the smoke would be similar to the effects of a nuclear winter, with Singer arguing to the contrary. After the debate, the fires burnt for many months before extinguishing efforts were complete. The results of the smoke did not produce continental-sized cooling. Sagan later conceded in The Demon-Haunted World that the prediction did not turn out to be correct: "it was pitch black at noon and temperatures dropped 4°–6° C over the Persian Gulf, but not much smoke reached stratospheric altitudes and Asia was spared".[63]
In his later years Sagan advocated the creation of an organized search for asteroids/near-Earth objects (NEO) that might impact the Earth but to forestall or postpone developing the technological methods that would be needed to defend against them.[64] He argued that all of the numerous methods proposed to alter the orbit of an asteroid, including the employment of nuclear detonations, created a Deflection Dilemma: if the ability to deflect an asteroid away from the Earth exists, then one would also have the ability to divert a non-threatening object towards Earth, creating an immensely destructive weapon.[65][66] In a 1994 paper, he co-authored, he ridiculed a 3-day long "Near-Earth Object Interception Workshop" held by LANL in 1993 that did not, "even in passing" state that such interception and deflection technologies could have these "ancillary dangers".[65]
Sagan however was hopeful that the natural NEO impact threat and the intrinsically double-edged essence, of the methods to prevent these threats, would serve as a "new and potent motivation to maturing international relations".[65][67] Later acknowledging that, with sufficient international oversight, in the future a "work our way up" approach to fielding nuclear explosive deflection methods could be fielded, and when sufficient knowledge was gained, to use them to aid in mining asteroids.[66] His interest in the use of nuclear detonations in space grew out of his work in 1958 for the Armour Research Foundation's Project A119, concerning the possibility of detonating a nuclear device on the Lunar surface.[68]
Sagan was a critic of Plato, having said of the ancient Greek philosopher: "Science and mathematics were to be removed from the hands of the merchants and the artisans. This tendency found its most effective advocate in a follower of Pythagoras named Plato" and

He (Plato) believed that ideas were far more real than the natural world. He advised the astronomers not to waste their time observing the stars and planets. It was better, he believed, just to think about them. Plato expressed hostility to observation and experiment. He taught contempt for the real world and disdain for the practical application of scientific knowledge. Plato's followers succeeded in extinguishing the light of science and experiment that had been kindled by Democritus and the other Ionians.[69]

Popularizing science[edit]
Speaking about his activities in popularizing science, Sagan said that there were at least two reasons for scientists to share the purposes of science and its contemporary state. Simple self-interest was one: much of the funding for science came from the public, and the public therefore had the right to know how the money was being spent. If scientists increased public admiration for science, there was a good chance of having more public supporters.[clarification needed] The other reason was the excitement of communicating one's own excitement about science to others.[70]
Criticisms[edit]
While Sagan was widely adored by the general public, his reputation in the scientific community was more polarized.[71] Critics sometimes characterized his work as fanciful, non-rigorous, and self-aggrandizing,[72] and others complained in his later years that he neglected his role as a faculty member to foster his celebrity status.[73]
One of Sagan's harshest critics, Harold Urey, felt that Sagan was getting too much publicity for a scientist and was treating some scientific theories too casually.[74] Urey and Sagan were said to have different philosophies of science, according to Davidson. While Urey was an "old-time empiricist" who avoided theorizing about the unknown, Sagan was by contrast willing to speculate openly about such matters.[75] Fred Whipple wanted Harvard to keep Sagan there, but learned that because Urey was a Nobel laureate, his opinion was an important factor in Harvard denying Sagan tenure.[74]
Sagan's Harvard friend Lester Grinspoon also stated, "I know Harvard well enough to know there are people there who certainly do not like people" who are outspoken.[74] Grinspoon added:

Wherever you turned, there was one astronomer being quoted on everything, one astronomer whose face you were seeing on TV, and one astronomer whose books had the preferred display slot at the local bookstore.[74]

Some, like Urey, later came to realize Sagan's popular brand of scientific advocacy was beneficial to the science as a whole.[76] Urey especially liked Sagan's 1977 book, The Dragons of Eden, and wrote Sagan with his opinion: "I like it very much and am amazed that someone like you has such an intimate knowledge of the various features of the problem...I congratulate you...You are a man of many talents."[76]
Sagan was accused of borrowing some ideas of others for his own benefit, while Sagan countered these claims by explaining that the misappropriation was an unfortunate side effect of his role as a science communicator and explainer, and that he attempted to give proper credit whenever possible.[74]
Social concerns[edit]
Sagan believed that the Drake equation, on substitution of reasonable estimates, suggested that a large number of extraterrestrial civilizations would form, but that the lack of evidence of such civilizations highlighted by the Fermi paradox suggests technological civilizations tend to self-destruct. This stimulated his interest in identifying and publicizing ways that humanity could destroy itself, with the hope of avoiding such a cataclysm and eventually becoming a spacefaring species. Sagan's deep concern regarding the potential destruction of human civilization in a nuclear holocaust was conveyed in a memorable cinematic sequence in the final episode of Cosmos, called "Who Speaks for Earth?" Sagan had already resigned[date missing] from the Air Force Scientific Advisory Board's UFO investigating Condon Committee and voluntarily surrendered his top secret clearance in protest over the Vietnam War.[77] Following his marriage to his third wife (novelist Ann Druyan) in June 1981, Sagan became more politically active—particularly in opposing escalation of the nuclear arms race under President Ronald Reagan.




The United States and Soviet Union/Russia nuclear stockpiles, in total number of nuclear bombs/warheads in existence throughout the Cold War and post-Cold War era.


In March 1983, Reagan announced the Strategic Defense Initiative—a multibillion-dollar project to develop a comprehensive defense against attack by nuclear missiles, which was quickly dubbed the "Star Wars" program. Sagan spoke out against the project, arguing that it was technically impossible to develop a system with the level of perfection required, and far more expensive to build such a system than it would be for an enemy to defeat it through decoys and other means—and that its construction would seriously destabilize the "nuclear balance" between the United States and the Soviet Union, making further progress toward nuclear disarmament impossible.[78]
When Soviet leader Mikhail Gorbachev declared a unilateral moratorium on the testing of nuclear weapons, which would begin on August 6, 1985—the 40th anniversary of the atomic bombing of Hiroshima—the Reagan administration dismissed the dramatic move as nothing more than propaganda, and refused to follow suit. In response, US anti-nuclear and peace activists staged a series of protest actions at the Nevada Test Site, beginning on Easter Sunday in 1986 and continuing through 1987. Hundreds of people in the "Nevada Desert Experience" group were arrested, including Sagan, who was arrested on two separate occasions as he climbed over a chain-link fence at the test site during the underground Operation Charioteer and United States's Musketeer nuclear test series of detonations.[79]
Sagan was also a vocal advocate of the controversial notion of testosterone poisoning, arguing in 1992 that human males could become gripped by an "unusually severe [case of] testosterone poisoning" and this could compel them to become genocidal.[80] In his review of Moondance magazine writer Daniela Gioseffi's 1990 book Women on War, he argues that females are the only half of humanity "untainted by testosterone poisoning".[81] One chapter of his 1993 book, Shadows of Forgotten Ancestors is dedicated to testosterone and its alleged poisonous effects.[82]
Personal life and beliefs[edit]


"I have just finished The Cosmic Connection and loved every word of it. You are my idea of a good writer because you have an unmannered style, and when I read what you write, I hear you talking. One thing about the book made me nervous. It was entirely too obvious that you are smarter than I am. I hate that."

Isaac Asimov, in letter to Sagan, 1973[83][84]
Sagan was married three times. In 1957, he married biologist Lynn Margulis. The couple had two children, Jeremy and Dorion Sagan. After Carl Sagan and Margulis divorced, he married artist Linda Salzman in 1968 and they also had a child together, Nick Sagan. During these marriages, Carl Sagan focused heavily on his career, a factor which may have contributed to Sagan's first divorce.[19] In 1981, Sagan married author Ann Druyan and they later had two children, Alexandra and Samuel Sagan. Carl Sagan and Druyan remained married until his death in 1996. He lived in an Egyptian revival house in Ithaca perched on the edge of a cliff that had formerly been the headquarters of a Cornell secret society.[85]
Isaac Asimov described Sagan as one of only two people he ever met whose intellect surpassed his own. The other, he claimed, was the computer scientist and artificial intelligence expert Marvin Minsky.[86]
Sagan wrote frequently about religion and the relationship between religion and science, expressing his skepticism about the conventional conceptualization of God as a sapient being. For example:

Some people think God is an outsized, light-skinned male with a long white beard, sitting on a throne somewhere up there in the sky, busily tallying the fall of every sparrow. Others—for example Baruch Spinoza and Albert Einstein—considered God to be essentially the sum total of the physical laws which describe the universe. I do not know of any compelling evidence for anthropomorphic patriarchs controlling human destiny from some hidden celestial vantage point, but it would be madness to deny the existence of physical laws.[87]

In another description of his view on the concept of God, Sagan emphatically wrote:

The idea that God is an oversized white male with a flowing beard who sits in the sky and tallies the fall of every sparrow is ludicrous. But if by God one means the set of physical laws that govern the universe, then clearly there is such a God. This God is emotionally unsatisfying ... it does not make much sense to pray to the law of gravity.[88]

On atheism, Sagan commented in 1981:

An atheist is someone who is certain that God does not exist, someone who has compelling evidence against the existence of God. I know of no such compelling evidence. Because God can be relegated to remote times and places and to ultimate causes, we would have to know a great deal more about the universe than we do now to be sure that no such God exists. To be certain of the existence of God and to be certain of the nonexistence of God seem to me to be the confident extremes in a subject so riddled with doubt and uncertainty as to inspire very little confidence indeed.[89]

Sagan also commented on Christianity and the Jefferson Bible, stating "My long-time view about Christianity is that it represents an amalgam of two seemingly immiscible parts, the religion of Jesus and the religion of Paul. Thomas Jefferson attempted to excise the Pauline parts of the New Testament. There wasn't much left when he was done, but it was an inspiring document."[90]
Regarding spirituality and its relationship with science, Sagan stated:

'Spirit' comes from the Latin word 'to breathe'. What we breathe is air, which is certainly matter, however thin. Despite usage to the contrary, there is no necessary implication in the word 'spiritual' that we are talking of anything other than matter (including the matter of which the brain is made), or anything outside the realm of science. On occasion, I will feel free to use the word. Science is not only compatible with spirituality; it is a profound source of spirituality. When we recognize our place in an immensity of light-years and in the passage of ages, when we grasp the intricacy, beauty, and subtlety of life, then that soaring feeling, that sense of elation and humility combined, is surely spiritual.[91]

An environmental appeal, "Preserving and Cherishing the Earth", signed by Sagan with other noted scientists in January 1990, stated that "The historical record makes clear that religious teaching, example, and leadership are powerfully able to influence personal conduct and commitment... Thus, there is a vital role for religion and science."
In reply to a question in 1996 about his religious beliefs, Sagan answered, "I'm agnostic."[92] Sagan maintained that the idea of a creator God of the Universe was difficult to prove or disprove and that the only conceivable scientific discovery that could challenge it would be an infinitely old universe.[93] Sagan's views on religion have been interpreted as a form of pantheism comparable to Einstein's belief in Spinoza's God.[94] His son, Dorion Sagan said, "My father believed in the God of Spinoza and Einstein, God not behind nature but as nature, equivalent to it."[95] His last wife, Ann Druyan, stated:

When my husband died, because he was so famous and known for not being a believer, many people would come up to me—it still sometimes happens—and ask me if Carl changed at the end and converted to a belief in an afterlife. They also frequently ask me if I think I will see him again. Carl faced his death with unflagging courage and never sought refuge in illusions. The tragedy was that we knew we would never see each other again. I don't ever expect to be reunited with Carl.[96]

In 2006, Ann Druyan edited Sagan's 1985 Glasgow Gifford Lectures in Natural Theology into a book, The Varieties of Scientific Experience: A Personal View of the Search for God, in which he elaborates on his views of divinity in the natural world.




Carl Sagan (center) speaks with CDC employees in 1988.


Sagan is also widely regarded as a freethinker or skeptic; one of his most famous quotations, in Cosmos, was, "Extraordinary claims require extraordinary evidence"[97] (called the "Sagan Standard" by some[98]). This was based on a nearly identical statement by fellow founder of the Committee for the Scientific Investigation of Claims of the Paranormal, Marcello Truzzi, "An extraordinary claim requires extraordinary proof."[99][100] This idea had been earlier aphorized in Théodore Flournoy's work From India to the Planet Mars (1899) from a longer quote by Pierre-Simon Laplace (1749–1827), a French mathematician and astronomer, as the Principle of Laplace: "The weight of the evidence should be proportioned to the strangeness of the facts."[101]
Late in his life, Sagan's books elaborated on his skeptical, naturalistic view of the world. In The Demon-Haunted World, he presented tools for testing arguments and detecting fallacious or fraudulent ones, essentially advocating wide use of critical thinking and the scientific method. The compilation Billions and Billions: Thoughts on Life and Death at the Brink of the Millennium, published in 1997 after Sagan's death, contains essays written by Sagan, such as his views on abortion, and his widow Ann Druyan's account of his death as a skeptic, agnostic, and freethinker.
Sagan warned against humans' tendency towards anthropocentrism. He was the faculty adviser for the Cornell Students for the Ethical Treatment of Animals. In the Cosmos chapter "Blues For a Red Planet", Sagan wrote, "If there is life on Mars, I believe we should do nothing with Mars. Mars then belongs to the Martians, even if the Martians are only microbes."[102]
Sagan was a user and advocate of marijuana. Under the pseudonym "Mr. X", he contributed an essay about smoking cannabis to the 1971 book Marihuana Reconsidered.[103][104] The essay explained that marijuana use had helped to inspire some of Sagan's works and enhance sensual and intellectual experiences. After Sagan's death, his friend Lester Grinspoon disclosed this information to Sagan's biographer, Keay Davidson. The publishing of the biography, Carl Sagan: A Life, in 1999 brought media attention to this aspect of Sagan's life.[105][106][107] Not long after his death, widow Ann Druyan had gone on to preside over the board of directors of the National Organization for the Reform of Marijuana Laws (NORML), a non-profit organization dedicated to reforming cannabis laws.[108][109]
In 1994, engineers at Apple Computer code-named the Power Macintosh 7100 "Carl Sagan" in the hope that Apple would make "billions and billions" with the sale of the PowerMac 7100.[5] The name was only used internally, but Sagan was concerned that it would become a product endorsement and sent Apple a cease-and-desist letter. Apple complied, but engineers retaliated by changing the internal codename to "BHA" for “Butt-Head Astronomer”.[110][111] Sagan then sued Apple for libel in federal court. The court granted Apple's motion to dismiss Sagan's claims and opined in dicta that a reader aware of the context would understand Apple was "clearly attempting to retaliate in a humorous and satirical way", and that "It strains reason to conclude that Defendant was attempting to criticize Plaintiff's reputation or competency as an astronomer. One does not seriously attack the expertise of a scientist using the undefined phrase 'butt-head'."[110][112] Sagan then sued for Apple's original use of his name and likeness, but again lost.[113] Sagan appealed the ruling.[113] In November 1995, an out-of-court settlement was reached and Apple's office of trademarks and patents released a conciliatory statement that "Apple has always had great respect for Dr. Sagan. It was never Apple's intention to cause Dr. Sagan or his family any embarrassment or concern."[114] Apple's third and final code name for the project was "LAW", short for "Lawyers are Wimps".[111]
Sagan briefly served as an adviser on Stanley Kubrick's film 2001: A Space Odyssey.[7]:168 Sagan proposed that the film suggest, rather than depict, extraterrestrial superintelligence.[115]
Sagan and UFOs[edit]
In 1947, the year that inaugurated the "flying saucer" craze, the young Sagan suspected the "discs" might be alien spaceships.[9]
Sagan's interest in UFO reports prompted him on August 3, 1952, to write a letter to U.S. Secretary of State Dean Acheson to ask how the United States would respond if flying saucers turned out to be extraterrestrial.[7]:51–52 He later had several conversations on the subject in 1964 with Jacques Vallée.[116] Though quite skeptical of any extraordinary answer to the UFO question, Sagan thought scientists should study the phenomenon, at least because there was widespread public interest in UFO reports.
Stuart Appelle notes that Sagan "wrote frequently on what he perceived as the logical and empirical fallacies regarding UFOs and the abduction experience. Sagan rejected an extraterrestrial explanation for the phenomenon but felt there were both empirical and pedagogical benefits for examining UFO reports and that the subject was, therefore, a legitimate topic of study."[117]
In 1966 Sagan was a member of the Ad Hoc Committee to Review Project Blue Book, the U.S. Air Force's UFO investigation project. The committee concluded Blue Book had been lacking as a scientific study, and recommended a university-based project to give the UFO phenomenon closer scientific scrutiny. The result was the Condon Committee (1966–68), led by physicist Edward Condon, and in their final report they formally concluded that UFOs, regardless of what any of them actually were, did not behave in a manner consistent with a threat to national security.
Sociologist Ron Westrum writes that "The high point of Sagan's treatment of the UFO question was the AAAS' symposium in 1969. A wide range of educated opinions on the subject were offered by participants, including not only proponents such as James McDonald and J. Allen Hynek but also skeptics like astronomers William Hartmann and Donald Menzel. The roster of speakers was balanced, and it is to Sagan's credit that this event was presented in spite of pressure from Edward Condon."[116] With physicist Thornton Page, Sagan edited the lectures and discussions given at the symposium; these were published in 1972 as UFO's: A Scientific Debate. Some of Sagan's many books examine UFOs (as did one episode of Cosmos) and he claimed a religious undercurrent to the phenomenon.
Sagan again revealed his views on interstellar travel in his 1980 Cosmos series. In one of his last written works, Sagan argued that the chances of extraterrestrial spacecraft visiting Earth are vanishingly small. However, Sagan did think it plausible that Cold War concerns contributed to governments misleading their citizens about UFOs, and wrote that "some UFO reports and analyses, and perhaps voluminous files, have been made inaccessible to the public which pays the bills ... It's time for the files to be declassified and made generally available." He cautioned against jumping to conclusions about suppressed UFO data and stressed that there was no strong evidence that aliens were visiting the Earth either in the past or present.[118]
Sagan's Paradox
Sagan's contribution to the 1969 symposium was an attack on the belief that UFOs are piloted by extraterrestrial beings: Applying several logical assumptions (see Drake equation), Sagan calculated the possible number of advanced civilizations capable of interstellar travel to be about one million. He projected that any civilization wishing to check on all the others on a regular basis of, say, once a year would have to launch 10,000 spacecraft annually. Not only does that seem like an unreasonable number of launchings, but it would take all the material in one percent of the universe's stars to produce all the spaceships needed for all the civilizations to seek each other out.
To argue that the earth was being chosen for regular visitations, Sagan said, one would have to assume that the planet is somehow unique. And that assumption "goes exactly against the idea that there are lots of civilizations around. Because if there are then our sort of civilization must be pretty common. And if we're not pretty common then there aren't going to be many civilizations advanced enough to send visitors."
This argument, which some called "Sagan's paradox," helped to establish a new school of thought: the belief that extraterrestrial life exists but has nothing to do with UFOs. The new belief had a salutary effect on UFO studies. It helped separate researchers who wanted to identify unidentified flying objects from those who wanted to identify their pilots. And it gave scientists opportunities to search the universe for intelligent life unencumbered by the stigma associated with UFOs.[119]
Death[edit]




Stone dedicated to Carl Sagan in the Celebrity Path of the Brooklyn Botanic Garden


After suffering from myelodysplasia for two years, and receiving three bone marrow transplants from his sister Cari, Sagan died of pneumonia at the age of 62, at the Fred Hutchinson Cancer Research Center in Seattle, Washington, in the early morning of December 20, 1996.[120] Burial took place at Lakeview Cemetery in Ithaca, New York.[121]
Posthumous recognition[edit]
The 1997 movie Contact, based on Sagan's novel of the same name and finished after his death, ends with the dedication "For Carl". His photo can also be seen at 59:23 in the film.
In 1997 the Sagan Planet Walk was opened in Ithaca, New York. It is a walking-scale model of the Solar System, extending 1.2 km from the center of The Commons in downtown Ithaca to the Sciencenter, a hands-on museum. The exhibition was created in memory of Carl Sagan, who was an Ithaca resident and Cornell Professor. Professor Sagan had been a founding member of the museum's advisory board.[122]
The landing site of the unmanned Mars Pathfinder spacecraft was renamed the Carl Sagan Memorial Station on July 5, 1997. Asteroid 2709 Sagan is named in his honor, as is the Carl Sagan Institute for the search of habitable planets.
Sagan's son, Nick Sagan, wrote several episodes in the Star Trek franchise. In an episode of Star Trek: Enterprise entitled "Terra Prime", a quick shot is shown of the relic rover Sojourner, part of the Mars Pathfinder mission, placed by a historical marker at Carl Sagan Memorial Station on the Martian surface. The marker displays a quote from Sagan: "Whatever the reason you're on Mars, I'm glad you're there, and I wish I was with you." Sagan's student Steve Squyres led the team that landed the rovers Spirit and Opportunity successfully on Mars in 2004.
On November 9, 2001, on what would have been Sagan's 67th birthday, the Ames Research Center dedicated the site for the Carl Sagan Center for the Study of Life in the Cosmos. "Carl was an incredible visionary, and now his legacy can be preserved and advanced by a 21st century research and education laboratory committed to enhancing our understanding of life in the universe and furthering the cause of space exploration for all time", said NASA Administrator Daniel Goldin. Ann Druyan was at the Center as it opened its doors on October 22, 2006.
Sagan has at least three awards named in his honor:

The Carl Sagan Memorial Award presented jointly since 1997 by the American Astronomical Society and The Planetary Society,
The Carl Sagan Medal for Excellence in Public Communication in Planetary Science presented since 1998 by the American Astronomical Society's Division for Planetary Sciences (AAS/DPS) for outstanding communication by an active planetary scientist to the general public—Carl Sagan was one of the original organizing committee members of the DPS, and
The Carl Sagan Award for Public Understanding of Science presented by the Council of Scientific Society Presidents (CSSP)—Sagan was the first recipient of the CSSP award in 1993.[123]

August 2007 the Independent Investigations Group (IIG) awarded Sagan posthumously a Lifetime Achievement Award. This honor has also been awarded to Harry Houdini and James Randi.[124]
Beginning in 2009, a musical project known as Symphony of Science sampled several excerpts of Sagan from his series Cosmos and remixed them to electronic music. To date, the videos have received over 21 million views worldwide on YouTube.[125]
The 2014 Swedish science fiction short film Wanderers uses excerpts of Sagan's narration of his book Pale Blue Dot, played over digitally-created visuals of humanity's possible future expansion into outer space.[126][127]
In February 2015, the Finnish-based symphonic metal band Nightwish released the song "Sagan" as a non-album bonus track for their single "Élan".[128] The song, written by the band's songwriter/composer/keyboardist Tuomas Holopainen, is an homage to the life and work of the late Carl Sagan.
In August 2015, it was announced that a biopic of Sagan's life was being planned by Warner Bros.[129]
Awards and honors[edit]


NASA Distinguished Public Service Medal




Annual Award for Television Excellence—1981—Ohio State University—PBS series Cosmos: A Personal Voyage
Apollo Achievement Award—National Aeronautics and Space Administration
NASA Distinguished Public Service Medal—National Aeronautics and Space Administration (1977)
Emmy—Outstanding Individual Achievement—1981—PBS series Cosmos: A Personal Voyage[42]
Emmy—Outstanding Informational Series—1981—PBS series Cosmos: A Personal Voyage[42]
Exceptional Scientific Achievement Medal—National Aeronautics and Space Administration
Helen Caldicott Leadership Award – Awarded by Women's Action for Nuclear Disarmament
Hugo Award—1981—Best Dramatic Presentation—Cosmos: A Personal Voyage
Hugo Award—1981—Best Related Non-Fiction Book—Cosmos
Hugo Award—1998—Best Dramatic Presentation—Contact
Humanist of the Year—1981—Awarded by the American Humanist Association[130]
American Philosophical Society—1995—Elected to membership.[131]
In Praise of Reason Award—1987—Committee for Skeptical Inquiry [132]
Isaac Asimov Award—1994—Committee for Skeptical Inquiry[133]
John F. Kennedy Astronautics Award—1982—American Astronautical Society[134]
Special non-fiction Campbell Memorial Award—1974—The Cosmic Connection: An Extraterrestrial Perspective[135]
Joseph Priestley Award—"For distinguished contributions to the welfare of mankind"[136]
Klumpke-Roberts Award of the Astronomical Society of the Pacific—1974
Konstantin Tsiolkovsky Medal—Awarded by the Soviet Cosmonauts Federation
Locus Award 1986—Contact
Lowell Thomas Award—The Explorers Club—75th Anniversary
Masursky Award—American Astronomical Society
Miller Research Fellowship—Miller Institute (1960–1962)
Oersted Medal—1990—American Association of Physics Teachers
Peabody Award—1980—PBS series Cosmos: A Personal Voyage
Le Prix Galabert d’astronautique—International Astronautical Federation (IAF)[citation needed]
Public Welfare Medal—1994—National Academy of Sciences[137]
Pulitzer Prize for General Non-Fiction—1978—The Dragons of Eden
Science Fiction Chronicle Award—1998—Dramatic Presentation—Contact
Named the "99th Greatest American" on June 5, 2005, Greatest American television series on the Discovery Channel[citation needed]
Named an honorary member of the Demosthenian Literary Society on November 10, 2011
New Jersey Hall of Fame—2009—Inductee.[138]
Committee for Skeptical Inquiry (CSI) Pantheon of Skeptics—April 2011—Inductee[b][140]


Publications[edit]


Sagan, Carl; Leonard, Jonathan Norton (1966). Planets. Life Science Library. Editors of Life. New York: Time Inc. LCCN 66022436. OCLC 346361. 
——; Shklovskii, I.S. (1966) [Originally published 1962 as Вселенная, жизнь, разум; Moscow: USSR Academy of Sciences Publisher]. Intelligent Life in the Universe. Authorized translation by Paula Fern. San Francisco: Holden-Day, Inc. LCCN 64018404. OCLC 317314. 
——; Page, Thornton, eds. (1972). UFO's: A Scientific Debate. Ithaca, NY: Cornell University Press. ISBN 0-801-40740-0. LCCN 72004572. OCLC 415373. 
——, ed. (1973). Communication with Extraterrestrial Intelligence (CETI). Cambridge, MA: MIT Press. ISBN 0-262-19106-7. LCCN 73013999. OCLC 700752. 
——; Bradbury, Ray; Clarke, Arthur C.; et al. (1973). Mars and the Mind of Man (1st ed.). New York: Harper & Row. ISBN 0-060-10443-0. LCCN 72009746. OCLC 613541. 
—— (1973). The Cosmic Connection: An Extraterrestrial Perspective. Produced by Jerome Agel (1st ed.). Garden City, NY: Anchor Press. ISBN 0-385-00457-5. LCCN 73081117. OCLC 756158. 
—— (1975). Other Worlds. Produced by Jerome Agel. Toronto, NY: Bantam Books. ISBN 0-552-66439-1. OCLC 3029556. 
—— (1977). The Dragons of Eden: Speculations on the Evolution of Human Intelligence (1st ed.). New York: Random House. ISBN 0-394-41045-9. LCCN 76053472. OCLC 2922889. 
——; Drake, F. D.; Lomberg, Jon; et al. (1978). Murmurs of Earth: The Voyager Interstellar Record (1st ed.). New York: Random House. ISBN 0-394-41047-5. LCCN 77005991. OCLC 4037611. 
—— (1979). Broca's Brain: Reflections on the Romance of Science (1st ed.). New York: Random House. ISBN 0-394-50169-1. LCCN 78021810. OCLC 4493944. 
—— (1980). Cosmos (1st ed.). New York: Random House. ISBN 0-394-50294-9. LCCN 80005286. OCLC 6280573. 
——; Ehrlich, Paul R.; Kennedy, Donald; et al. (1984). The Cold and the Dark: The World after Nuclear War: The Conference on the Long-Term Worldwide Biological Consequences of Nuclear War. Foreword by Lewis Thomas (1st ed.). New York: W. W. Norton & Company. ISBN 0-393-01870-9. LCCN 84006070. OCLC 10697281. 
——; Druyan, Ann (1985). Comet (1st ed.). New York: Random House. ISBN 0-394-54908-2. LCCN 85008308. OCLC 811602694. 
—— (1985). Contact: A Novel. New York: Simon & Schuster. ISBN 0-671-43400-4. LCCN 85014645. OCLC 12344811. 
——; Turco, Richard (1990). A Path Where No Man Thought: Nuclear Winter and the End of the Arms Race (1st ed.). New York: Random House. ISBN 0-394-58307-8. LCCN 89043155. OCLC 20217496. 
——; Druyan, Ann (1992). Shadows of Forgotten Ancestors: A Search for Who We Are (1st ed.). New York: Random House. ISBN 0-394-53481-6. LCCN 92050155. OCLC 25675747. 
Sagan, Carl; Turco, Richard P. (November 1993). "Nuclear Winter in the Post-Cold War Era". Journal of Peace Research. Sage Publications, Ltd. 30 (4): 369–373. Retrieved 9 June 2017. 
—— (1994). Pale Blue Dot: A Vision of the Human Future in Space (1st ed.). New York: Random House. ISBN 0-679-43841-6. LCCN 94018121. OCLC 30736355. 
—— (1995). The Demon-Haunted World: Science as a Candle in the Dark (1st ed.). New York: Random House. ISBN 0-394-53512-X. LCCN 95034076. OCLC 779687822.  (Note: errata slip inserted.)
——; Druyan, Ann (1997). Billions and Billions: Thoughts on Life and Death at the Brink of the Millennium (1st ed.). New York: Random House. ISBN 0-679-41160-7. LCCN 96052730. OCLC 36066119. 
—— (2006) [Edited from 1985 Gifford Lectures, University of Glasgow]. Druyan, Ann, ed. The Varieties of Scientific Experience: A Personal View of the Search for God. New York: Penguin Press. ISBN 1-59420-107-2. LCCN 2006044827. OCLC 69021064. 


See also[edit]

List of peace activists
Sagan effect
Neil deGrasse Tyson

Notes[edit]



^ Richard Feynman, a precursor to Sagan, was observed to have used the phrase "billions and billions" many times in his "red books". However, Sagan's frequent use of the word billions, and distinctive delivery emphasizing the "b" (which he did intentionally, in place of more cumbersome alternatives such as "billions with a 'b'", in order to distinguish the word from "millions"),[46] made him a favorite target of comic performers, including Johnny Carson,[49] Gary Kroeger, Mike Myers, Bronson Pinchot, Penn Jillette, Harry Shearer, and others. Frank Zappa satirized the line in the song "Be in My Video", noting as well "atomic light". Sagan took this all in good humor, and his final book was entitled Billions and Billions, which opened with a tongue-in-cheek discussion of this catchphrase, observing that Carson was an amateur astronomer and that Carson's comic caricature often included real science.[46]
^ CSI was formerly CSICOP, the Committee for the Scientific Investigation of Claims of the Paranormal.[139]



References[edit]


^ a b Sagan, Carl; Head, Tom (2006). Conversations with Carl Sagan (illustrated ed.). Univ. Press of Mississippi. p. 14. ISBN 978-1-57806-736-7.  Extract of page 14
^ a b "StarChild: Dr. Carl Sagan". StarChild. NASA. Retrieved October 8, 2009. 
^ The Seth MacFarlane Collection of the Carl Sagan and Ann Druyan Archive: A Finding Aid to the Collection in the Library of Congress (PDF). Manuscript Division, Library of Congress. 2013. 
^ Lowensohn, Josh (February 4, 2014). "Massive Carl Sagan archive posted by Library of Congress". The Verge. Retrieved 16 January 2016. 
^ a b Poundstone 1999, pp. 363–364, 374–375
^ "Carl Sagan". Internet Accuracy Project. Grandville, MI: Internet Accuracy Project. Retrieved August 22, 2012. 
^ a b c d e f g h i j k l m n o p q r s t u v Davidson 1999
^ a b c Spangenburg & Moser 2004, pp. 2–5
^ a b c "American National Biography Online, Carl Sagan". 
^ a b c Poundstone 1999, p. 15
^ a b Poundstone 1999, p. 14
^ "Ryerson Astronomical Society". Ryerson Astronomical Society (RAS). University of Chicago Department of Astronomy and Astrophysics. Retrieved August 22, 2012. 
^ Sagan, Carl (June 1960), Physical Studies of the Planets (dissertation), University of Chicago, p. ii, A thesis in four parts submitted in partial fulfillment of the requirements for the degree of Doctor of Philosophy in the Department of Astronomy, University of Chicago, June, 1960. 
^ "Graduate students receive first Sagan teaching awards". University of Chicago Chronicle. University of Chicago News Office. 13 (6). November 11, 1993. Retrieved August 30, 2013. 
^ Head 2006, p. xxi
^ Spangenburg & Moser 2004, p. 28
^ Tatarewicz, Joseph N. (1990), Space Technology & Planetary Astronomy, Science, technology, and society, Bloomington, IN: Indiana University Press, p. 22, ISBN 0-253-35655-5 
^ Lunar Exploration, by Paolo Ulivi (2004)
^ a b c d e f Morrison, David (January–February 2007). "Carl Sagan's Life and Legacy as Scientist, Teacher, and Skeptic". Skeptical Inquirer. Amherst, NY: Committee for Skeptical Inquiry. 31.1: 29–38. ISSN 0194-6730. Retrieved August 31, 2013. 
^ Reiffel, Leonard (4 May 2000). "Sagan breached security by revealing US work on a lunar bomb project". Nature. 405 (13): Correspondence. doi:10.1038/35011148. 
^ "Happy (Belated) Birthday Carl!". University of California, Berkeley The Berkeley Science Review. Retrieved December 1, 2013. 
^ a b Davidson, Keay (1999). Carl Sagan:A life. John Wiley & Sons. p. 138. ISBN 0-471-25286-7. 
^ Davidson, Keay (1999). Carl Sagan:A life. John Wiley & Sons. p. 204. ISBN 0-471-25286-7. 
^ Sagan, Carl. Demon-Haunted World: Science as a Candle in the Dark, Balantine Books (1996) p. 25
^ Davidson, Keay (1999). Carl Sagan:A life. John Wiley & Sons. p. 213. ISBN 0-471-25286-7. 
^ Sagan, Carl; Head, Tom (2006). Conversations with Carl Sagan (illustrated ed.). Univ. Press of Mississippi. p. xxi. ISBN 978-1-57806-736-7.  Extract of page xxi
^ a b Sagan, Carl (January 5, 1995). "An Interview with Carl Sagan". Charlie Rose (Interview). New York: PBS. Retrieved August 30, 2013. 
^ Pierrehumbert, Raymond T. (2010). Principles of Planetary Climate. Cambridge University Press. p. 202. ISBN 978-1-139-49506-6.  Extract of page 202
^ Much of Sagan's research in the field of planetary science is outlined by William Poundstone. Poundstone's biography of Sagan includes an 8-page list of Sagan's scientific articles published from 1957 to 1998. Detailed information about Sagan's scientific work comes from the primary research articles. Example: Sagan, C.; Thompson, W.R.; Khare, B.N. (1992). "Titan: A Laboratory for Prebiological Organic Chemistry". Accounts of Chemical Research. Washington, D.C.: American Chemical Society. 25 (7): 286–292. doi:10.1021/ar00019a003.  There is commentary on this research article about Titan at David J. Darling's The Encyclopedia of Science.
^ Pafumi, G.R. (2010). Is Our Vision of God Obsolete?: Often What We Believe is not What We Observe. Bloomington, IN: Xlibris. p. 338. ISBN 978-1-4415-9041-1. OCLC 710798384. Retrieved August 30, 2013. 
^ Sagan, Carl (1985) [Originally published 1980]. Cosmos (1st Ballantine Books ed.). New York: Ballantine Books. ISBN 0-345-33135-4. LCCN 80005286. OCLC 12814276. 
^ "Sagan, Carl Edward". Columbia Encyclopedia (Sixth ed.). New York: Columbia University Press. May 2001. Archived from the original on October 11, 2007. Retrieved August 30, 2013. 
^ No Writer Attributed (1963-08-21). "Sagan Synthesizes ATP In Laboratory". The Harvard Crimson. Retrieved 2015-09-12. 
^ "Carl Sagan". Pasadena, CA: The Planetary Society. Retrieved August 30, 2013. 
^ Benford, Gregory (1997). "A Tribute to Carl Sagan: Popular & Pilloried". Skeptic. The Skeptics Society. 13 (1). 
^ Shermer, Michael. "Candle in the Dark". The Works of Michael Shermer. Michael Shermer. Retrieved March 10, 2013.  Article originally published in November 2003 issue of Scientific American.
^ Impey, Chris (January–February 2000). "Carl Sagan, Carl Sagan: Biographies Echo an Extraordinary Life". American Scientist (Book review). Sigma Xi. 88 (1). ISSN 0003-0996. Retrieved March 10, 2013. 
^ "Carl Sagan". EMuseum. Minnesota State University, Mankato. Archived from the original on May 28, 2010. Retrieved August 30, 2013. 
^ "CosmoLearning Astronomy". CosmoLearning. Retrieved October 8, 2009. 
^ Vergano, Dan (March 16, 2014). "Who Was Carl Sagan?". National Geographic Daily News. Washington, D.C.: National Geographic Society. Retrieved May 13, 2014. 
^ a b Browne, Ray Broadus. The Guide to United States Popular Culture, Popular Press (2001) p. 704
^ a b c "Cosmos". Academy of Television Arts & Sciences. Retrieved September 4, 2013. 
^ Popular Science, Oct. 2005, p. 90
^ Golden, Frederic (October 20, 1980). "The Cosmic Explainer". Time. Retrieved August 30, 2013. 
^ "Carl Sagan on the Tonight Show with Johnny Carson, 1980"
^ a b c Sagan & Druyan 1997, pp. 3–4
^ Shapiro, Fred R., ed. (2006). The Yale Book of Quotations. Foreword by Joseph Epstein. New Haven, CT: Yale University Press. p. 660. ISBN 978-0-300-10798-2. LCCN 2006012317. OCLC 66527213. 
^ Johnny Carson parodies Carl Sagan
^ Frazier, Kendrick, ed. (July–August 2005). "Carl Sagan Takes Questions: More From His 'Wonder and Skepticism' CSICOP 1994 Keynote". Skeptical Inquirer. Amherst, NY: The Committee for Skeptical Inquiry. 29.4. Retrieved March 25, 2010. 
^ "Sagan". Dictionary.com Unabridged. Random House. Retrieved August 31, 2013.  Jargon File 4.2.0.
^ Safire, William (April 17, 1994). "Footprints on the Infobahn". The New York Times. Retrieved August 31, 2013. 
^ Gresshoff, P.M. (2004). "Scheel D. and Wasternack C.(eds) Plant Signal Transduction" (PDF). Annals of Botany (Book review). Oxford University Press. 93 (6): 783–784. doi:10.1093/aob/mch102. Retrieved August 31, 2013. 
^ "Christmas Lectures 1977: The Planets : Ri Channel". Ri Channel. London: Royal Institution of Great Britain. Retrieved February 7, 2012. 
^ Turco, R.P.; Toon, O.B.; Ackerman, T.P.; Pollack, J.B.; Sagan, C. (January 12, 1990). "Climate and smoke: an appraisal of nuclear winter". Science. Washington, D.C.: American Association for the Advancement of Science. 247 (4939): 166–176. doi:10.2307/2873486. Retrieved August 31, 2013.  JSTOR link to full text article. Carl Sagan discussed his involvement in the political nuclear winter debates and his erroneous global cooling prediction for the Gulf War fires in his book, The Demon-Haunted World.
^ "Answers - The Most Trusted Place for Answering Life's Questions". Answers.com. 
^ a b The U.S. National Security State and Scientists’Challenge to Nuclear Weapons during the Cold War. Paul Harold Rubinson 2008.
^ "Meet Carl Sagan". The Science Channel. Discovery Communications. Archived from the original on May 18, 2007. Retrieved August 31, 2013. 
^ Sagan, Carl. Recorded lecture at Cornell in 1994, from Pale Blue Dot: A Vision of the Human Future in Space, Ballantine Books (reprint) (1997) p. 88
^ "PAGE 1 OF 2: Burning oil wells could be disaster, Sagan says January 23, 1991". 
^ Wilmington morning Star January 21’st, 1991
^ Hirschmann, Kris. "The Kuwaiti Oil Fires". Facts on File. 
^ "FIRST ISRAELI SCUD FATALITIES OIL FIRES IN KUWAIT". Nightline. yes. 1991-01-22. ABC. 
^ Sagan 1995, p. 257
^ Head 2006, p. 86–87
^ a b c Sagan, Carl; Ostro, Steven J. (Summer 1994). "Long-Range Consequences Of Interplanetary Collisions" (PDF). Issues in Science and Technology. Washington, D.C.: National Academy of Sciences. 10 (4): 67–72. Bibcode:1994IST....10...67S. ISSN 0748-5492. Retrieved August 31, 2013. 
^ a b "Chapter 18. The Marsh of Camarina - Pale Blue Dot: A Vision of the Human Future in Space". e-reading.club. 
^ Morrison, David (October 3, 2007). "Taking a Hit: Asteroid Impacts & Evolution". Astronomical Society of the Pacific (Podcast). Astronomical Society of the Pacific. Retrieved August 31, 2013. 
^ Gault, Matthew (28 November 2013). "When Earth Dreamed of Nuking the Moon". medium.com. War is Boring. Retrieved 28 November 2013. 
^ Sagan, Carl (writer/host) (November 9, 1980). "The Backbone of Night". Cosmos: A Personal Voyage. Episode 7. PBS. 
^ Dicke, William (December 21, 1996). "Carl Sagan, an Astronomer Who Excelled at Popularizing Science, Is Dead at 62". The New York Times. Retrieved August 31, 2013. 
^ Davidson, p. 202
^ Davidson, p. 227
^ Davidson, p. 341
^ a b c d e Davidson, p. 203
^ Davidson, p. 204
^ a b Davidson, p. 297
^ Druyan, Ann (November 2000). "A New Sense of the Sacred Carl Sagan's 'Cosmic Connection'". The Humanist. Washington, D.C.: American Humanist Association. 60 (6). Retrieved August 29, 2013. 
^ How to Reduce the Risk of Nuclear Warfare: Carl Sagan on Space Exploration (1986). Press Club.
^ Spangenburg & Moser 2004, p. 106
^ Morris, Julian (2000). Rethinking Risk and the Precautionary Principle. Butterworth-Heinemann. p. 116. ISBN 978-0-08-051623-3.  Extract of page 116
^ Women On War, Daniela Gioseffi.
^ Brewster, Melanie E. (2014). Atheists in America (reprinted ed.). Columbia University Press. p. 102. ISBN 978-0-231-53700-1.  Extract of page 102
^ Maggio, Rosalie. How They Said it, Prentice-Hall Press (2000) p. 20
^ Photo of Asimov and Sagan
^ Dear Uncle Ezra, archived from the original on 2013-06-06, retrieved 2016-08-16 
^ Asimov, Isaac (1981) [Originally published 1980; Garden City, NY: Doubleday]. In Joy Still Felt: The Autobiography of Isaac Asimov, 1954–1978. New York: Avon. pp. 217, 302. ISBN 0-380-53025-2. LCCN 79003685. OCLC 7880716. 
^ Sagan, Carl (1980) [Originally published 1979]. Broca's Brain: Reflections on the Romance of Science (Reprint ed.). New York: Ballantine Books. p. 330. ISBN 0-345-33689-5. LCCN 78021810. OCLC 428008204. 
^ "Quotes on Religion – Carl Sagan". Atheism.about.com. IAC. Retrieved March 10, 2013. 
^ Head 2006, p. 70
^ Schei, Kenneth A. (1996). An Atheist for Jesus. Synthesis. ISBN 0-926491-01-6. 
^ Sagan, Carl; Druyan, Ann (1997). The Demon-Haunted World: Science as a Candle in the Dark. Ballantine Books ISBN 0345409469
^ Head, Tom (1997). "Conversations with Carl". Skeptic. The Skeptics Society. 13 (1): 32–38.  Excerpted in Head 2006
^ Sagan, Carl (1997) [Originally published 1995]. The Demon-Haunted World: Science as a Candle in the Dark (1st Ballantine Books ed.). New York: Ballantine Books. p. 278. ISBN 0-345-40946-9. LCCN 95034076. OCLC 36504316. 
^ Tracy, David (1990). "Kenosis, Sunyata, and Trinity: A Dialogue with Masao Abe". In Cobb, John B., Jr.; Ives, Christopher. The Emptying God: A Buddhist-Jewish-Christian Conversation. Faith Meets Faith Series. Essays by Masao Abe. Maryknoll, NY: Orbis Books. p. 52. ISBN 0-883-44670-7. LCCN 90031442. OCLC 318355646. [page verification needed]
^ edited by Lynn Margulis, Dorion Sagan (2007). Dazzle Gradually: Reflections on the Nature of Nature. Chelsea Green Publishing. p. 14. ISBN 1933392312. CS1 maint: Extra text: authors list (link)
^ Druyan, Ann (November–December 2003). "Ann Druyan Talks About Science, Religion, Wonder, Awe ... and Carl Sagan". Skeptical Inquirer. Amherst, NY: Committee for Skeptical Inquiry. 27.6. ISSN 0194-6730. Retrieved July 27, 2010. 
^ Sagan, Carl (writer/host) (December 14, 1980). "Encyclopaedia Galactica". Cosmos: A Personal Voyage. Episode 12. 01:24 minutes in. PBS. 
^ Rawson, Hugh (2008). "Sagan's Standard". The Unwritten Laws of Life. CSBC Ltd. Archived from the original on January 12, 2012. Retrieved September 1, 2013. 
^ Truzzi, Marcello (1978). "On the Extraordinary: An Attempt at Clarification" (PDF). Zetetic Scholar. 1 (1): 11. 
^ Truzzi, Marcello (1998). Binkowski, Edward, ed. "On Some Unfair Practices towards Claims of the Paranormal". Oxymoron: Annual Thematic Anthology of the Arts and Sciences. New York: Oxymoron Media, Inc. 2: The Fringe. ISSN 1090-2236. OCLC 35240974. Retrieved September 1, 2013. 
^ Flournoy, Théodore (1983) [Originally published 1899; Geneva: Édition Atar]. Des Indes à la Planète Mars: Étude sur un cas de Somnambulisme avec Glossolalie [From India to the Planet Mars: A Study of a Case of Somnambulism with Glossolalia] (in French). Introduction by Hélène Boursinhac; translation by Daniel B. Vermilye (Reprint ed.). Geneva: Éditions Slatkine. pp. 344–345. ISBN 2-05-100499-4. OCLC 11558608. 
^ Sagan 1980 (1985 ed.), p. 108
^ Grinspoon, Lester (1994) [2nd ed. published 1977; Cambridge, MA: Harvard University Press]. Marihuana Reconsidered. New introduction by author (2nd (reprint) ed.). Oakland, CA: Quick American Archives. ISBN 0-932551-13-0. LCCN 77076767. OCLC 32410025. 
^ Sagan, Carl. "Mr. X". Marijuana-Uses.com. Retrieved August 7, 2009. 
^ Whitehouse, David (October 15, 1999). "Carl Sagan: A life in the cosmos". BBC News. BBC. Retrieved August 30, 2013. 
^ Davidson, Keay (August 22, 1999). "Billions and Billions of '60s Flashbacks". The San Francisco Examiner. Retrieved May 2, 2007. 
^ Larsen, Dana (November 1, 1999). "Carl Sagan: toking astronomer". Cannabis Culture. Vancouver, B.C. Retrieved May 2, 2007. 
^ "Foundation Board of Directors". NORML.org. Washington, D.C.: NORML and the NORML Foundation. August 13, 2010. Archived from the original on January 4, 2011. Retrieved September 2, 2013. 
^ "Ann Druyan". NORML.org. Washington, D.C.: NORML and the NORML Foundation. Retrieved July 20, 2011. 
^ a b Poundstone 1999, p. 364
^ a b Linzmayer, Owen; Chaffin, Bryan (November 15, 2004). "This Week in Apple History: November 14–20: McIntosh, IIe Killed, Butt-Head Astronomer". The Mac Observer. The Mac Observer, Inc. Retrieved July 23, 2012. 
^ Sagan v. Apple Computer, Inc., 874 F.Supp. 1072 (USDC C.D. Cal. 1994), CV 94-2180 LGB (BRx); 1994 U.S. Dist. LEXIS 20154.
^ a b Poundstone 1999, p. 374
^ Poundstone 1999, pp. 374–375
^ Sagan, Carl (2000) [Originally published 1973]. "'Hello, Central Casting? Send Me Twenty Extraterrestrials'". Carl Sagan's Cosmic Connection: An Extraterrestrial Perspective. Produced by Jerome Agel; new contributions by Freeman Dyson, Ann Druyan, and David Morrison (2nd ed.). Cambridge; New York: Cambridge University Press. p. 183. ISBN 0-521-78303-8. LCCN 00020378. OCLC 460747781. 
^ a b Westrum, Ron (2000). "Limited Access: Six Natural Scientists and the UFO Phenomenon". In Jacobs, David M. UFOs and Abductions: Challenging the Borders of Knowledge. Lawrence, KS: University Press of Kansas. pp. 31–55. ISBN 0-7006-1032-4. LCCN 00028970. OCLC 43615835. 
^ Appelle, Stuart (2000). "Ufology and Academia: The UFO Phenomenon as a Scholarly Discipline". In Jacobs, David M. UFOs and Abductions: Challenging the Borders of Knowledge. Lawrence, KS: University Press of Kansas. pp. 7–30. ISBN 0-7006-1032-4. LCCN 00028970. OCLC 43615835. 
^ Sagan 1995, pp. 81–96, 99–104
^ David Jacobs "The UFO Controversy In America" (1987), p.122-124
^ Quarles, Norma (December 20, 1996). "Carl Sagan dies at 62". CNN. Retrieved December 5, 2011. Sagan was a noted astronomer whose lifelong passion was searching for intelligent life in the cosmos. 
^ Carl Sagan at Find a Grave
^ "Sagan Planet Walk". sciencenter.org. Ithaca, NY: Sciencenter. Retrieved March 10, 2013. 
^ "Sagan Award for Public Understanding of Science". Council of Scientific Society Presidents. Archived from the original on July 26, 2007. Retrieved May 2, 2007. 
^ "The 2007 IIG Awards". IIG. Los Angeles: Independent Investigations Group. August 18, 2007. Retrieved July 1, 2011. 
^ Boswell, John (November 9, 2009). A Glorious Dawn (7-in (17.5 cm) gramophone record). Nashville, TN: Third Man Records. Retrieved September 3, 2013. 
^ D'Orazio, Dante (30 November 2014). "Wonderful short film imagines the day when we conquer the solar system". The Verge. Retrieved 19 February 2016. 
^ David, Leonard (1 December 2014). "Epic Short Film 'Wanderers' Envisions Humanity's Future in Space". Space.com. Retrieved 21 February 2016. 
^ "Latest News - Nightwish – The Official Website". nightwish.com. 
^ "WARNER BROS. HEADS TO THE COSMOS WITH CARL SAGAN BIOPIC", Tracking Board, August 17, 2015
^ "From the AHA archives: Carl Sagan's 1981 Humanist of the year speech". americanhumanist.org. Retrieved 25 December 2014. 
^ "American Philosophical Society Member History". Philadelphia, PA: American Philosophical Society. Retrieved September 3, 2013. 
^ Shore, Lys Ann (1987). "Controversies in Science and Fringe Science: From Animals and SETI to Quackery and SHC". The Skeptical Inquirer. 12 (1): 12–13. 
^ Karr, Barry (1994). "Five Honored with CSICOP Awards". Skeptical Inquirer. 18 (5): 461–462. 
^ "John F. Kennedy Astronautics Award". Springfield, VA: American Astronautical Society. Retrieved September 3, 2013. 
^ "The John W. Campbell Memorial Award". Lawrence, KS: Center for the Study of Science Fiction. Retrieved September 3, 2013. 
^ "Carl Sagan - 1975". The Joseph Priestley Award. Dickinson University. Retrieved 1 February 2017. 
^ "Public Welfare Medal". Washington, D.C.: National Academy of Sciences. Retrieved February 18, 2011. 
^ Mascarenhas, Rohan (May 3, 2009). "2009 New Jersey Hall of Fame inductees welcomed at NJPAC". The Star-Ledger. Newark, NJ: Advance Publications. Retrieved September 3, 2013. 
^ "CSICOP becomes CSI after thirty years". Committee for Skeptical Inquiry. Committee for Skeptical Inquiry. 20 November 2006. Archived from the original on 15 August 2009. 
^ "The Pantheon of Skeptics". CSI. Committee for Skeptical Inquiry. Archived from the original on 31 January 2017. Retrieved 30 April 2017. 


Further reading[edit]


Terzian, Yervant; Bilson, Elizabeth, eds. (1997). Carl Sagan's Universe. Cambridge; New York: Cambridge University Press. ISBN 0-521-57603-2. LCCN 96040511. OCLC 36130681. 
Achenbach, Joel (1999). Captured by Aliens: The Search for Life and Truth in a Very Large Universe. New York: Simon & Schuster. ISBN 0-684-84856-2. LCCN 99037592. OCLC 41606346. 
Davidson, Keay (1999). Carl Sagan: A Life. New York: John Wiley & Sons. ISBN 0-471-25286-7. LCCN 99036206. OCLC 41580617. 
Poundstone, William (1999). Carl Sagan: A Life in the Cosmos. New York: Henry Holt and Company. ISBN 0-8050-5766-8. LCCN 99014615. OCLC 40979822. 
Spangenburg, Ray; Moser, Kit (2004). Carl Sagan: A Biography. Westport, CT: Greenwood Publishing Group. ISBN 0-313-32265-1. LCCN 2004015176. OCLC 55846272. 
Head, Tom, ed. (2006). Conversations with Carl Sagan (1st ed.). Jackson, MS: University Press of Mississippi. ISBN 1-57806-736-7. LCCN 2005048747. OCLC 60375648. 
Morrison, David (2006). "Carl Sagan: The People's Astronomer". AmeriQuests. Nashville, TN: Vanderbilt University. 3 (2). ISSN 1553-4316. Retrieved August 30, 2013. 


External links[edit]

Find more aboutCarl Saganat Wikipedia's sister projects

Definitions from Wiktionary
Media from Commons
Quotations from Wikiquote
Texts from Wikisource



The Carl Sagan Portal
Carl Sagan (1934-1996) Biographical memories
Sagan interviewed by Ted Turner, CNN, 1989, video: 44 minutes.
BBC Radio program "Great Lives" on Carl Sagan's life
"A man whose time has come"—Interview with Carl Sagan by Ian Ridpath, New Scientist, July 4, 1974
Carl Sagan on IMDb
Works by or about Carl Sagan in libraries (WorldCat catalog)
"Carl Sagan's Life and Legacy as Scientist, Teacher, and Skeptic", by David Morrison, Committee for Skeptical Inquiry
"A Tribute to Carl Sagan: Our Place in the Universe", by Bill Nye, The Skeptics Society
FBI Records: The Vault - Carl Sagan at fbi.gov
"NASA Technical Reports Server (NTRS) 19630011050: Direct Contact Among Galactic Civilizations by Relativistic Interstellar Spaceflight", Carl Sagan, when he was at Stanford University, in 1962, produced a controversial paper funded by a NASA research grant that concludes ancient alien intervention may have sparked human civilization.







v
t
e


Carl Sagan



Scientific career



Pioneer plaque
Faint young Sun paradox
Cosmic Calendar
Voyager Golden Record (Contents)
Voyager Family Portrait

Pale Blue Dot


The Planetary Society
Search for extraterrestrial intelligence (SETI)








Books





Science




Mars and the Mind of Man (1971)
The Cosmic Connection: An Extraterrestrial Perspective (1973)
The Dragons of Eden: Speculations on the Evolution of Human Intelligence (1977)
Murmurs of Earth: The Voyager Interstellar Record (1978)
Broca's Brain: Reflections on the Romance of Science (1979)
Cosmos (1980)
The Nuclear Winter: The World After Nuclear War (1983)
The Cold and the Dark: The World after Nuclear War (1984)
Comet (1985)
A Path Where No Man Thought: Nuclear Winter and the End of the Arms Race (1990)
Shadows of Forgotten Ancestors: A Search for Who We Are (1993)
Pale Blue Dot: A Vision of the Human Future in Space (1994)
The Demon-Haunted World: Science as a Candle in the Dark (1995)
Billions and Billions: Thoughts on Life and Death at the Brink of the Millennium (1997)
The Varieties of Scientific Experience: A Personal View of the Search for God (2006)






Fiction




Contact (1985)








Media



Cosmos: A Personal Voyage (1980 TV series)
Contact (1997 film)
Cosmos: A Spacetime Odyssey (2014 TV series)
Wanderers (2014 film narration)





Family



Lynn Margulis (first wife)
Dorion Sagan (son)
Jeremy Sagan (son)
Linda Salzman Sagan (second wife)
Nick Sagan (son)
Ann Druyan (third wife)





Sagan Prizes



Carl Sagan Memorial Award
Carl Sagan Medal
Carl Sagan Award for Public Understanding of Science





Recognition



Carl Sagan Institute
Sagan Planet Walk
Carl Sagan Memorial Station
2709 Sagan
Pale Blue Dot: A Tribute to Carl Sagan
Symphony of Science
The Sagan series





Other



Quotes
Sagan's number
900 Stewart Avenue












v
t
e


Pulitzer Prize for General Nonfiction (1976–2000)






Why Survive? Being Old in America by Robert Neil Butler (1976)
Beautiful Swimmers by William W. Warner (1977)
The Dragons of Eden by Carl Sagan (1978)
On Human Nature by Edward O. Wilson (1979)
Gödel, Escher, Bach: an Eternal Golden Braid by Douglas Hofstadter (1980)
Fin-de-siècle Vienna by Carl E. Schorske (1981)
The Soul of a New Machine by Tracy Kidder (1982)
Is There No Place on Earth for Me? by Susan Sheehan (1983)
The Social Transformation of American Medicine by Paul Starr (1984)
The Good War by Studs Terkel (1985)
Common Ground: A Turbulent Decade in the Lives of Three American Families by J. Anthony Lukas / Move Your Shadow by Joseph Lelyveld (1986)
Arab and Jew: Wounded Spirits in a Promised Land by David K. Shipler (1987)
The Making of the Atomic Bomb by Richard Rhodes (1988)
A Bright Shining Lie by Neil Sheehan (1989)
And Their Children After Them by Dale Maharidge and Michael Williamson (1990)
The Ants by Bert Hölldobler and Edward O. Wilson (1991)
The Prize: The Epic Quest for Oil, Money, and Power by Daniel Yergin (1992)
Lincoln at Gettysburg: The Words That Remade America by Garry Wills (1993)
Lenin's Tomb: The Last Days of the Soviet Empire by David Remnick (1994)
The Beak of the Finch: A Story Of Evolution In Our Time by Jonathan Weiner (1995)
The Haunted Land: Facing Europe's Ghosts After Communism by Tina Rosenberg (1996)
Ashes to Ashes: America's Hundred-Year Cigarette War, the Public Health, and the Unabashed Triumph of Philip Morris by Richard Kluger (1997)
Guns, Germs, and Steel: The Fates of Human Societies by Jared Diamond (1998)
Annals of the Former World by John McPhee (1999)
Embracing Defeat by John W. Dower (2000)








Complete list
(1962–1975)
(1976–2000)
(2001–2025)












v
t
e


The Planetary Society



Projects



Cosmos 1
Living Interplanetary Flight Experiment
LightSail 2





Programs



Planetary Radio (guests)
Planetary Report





People



Louis Friedman
Carl Sagan
Bruce C. Murray
Bill Nye
Wesley Huntress
Mat Kaplan












v
t
e


Criticism of religion



By religion



Buddhism
Christianity

Catholic

Opus Dei


Jehovah's Witnesses
Latter Day Saint movement
Protestantism
Seventh-day Adventist
Unification Church
Westboro Baptist Church


Hinduism
Islam

Islamism
Twelver Shi’ism
Wahhabism


Jainism
Judaism
Monotheism
New religious movement
Scientology
Sikhism
Yazdânism
Zoroastrianism





Religious texts



Bible
Quran
Hadiths
Mormon sacred texts

Book of Mormon


Talmud





Religious figures



Aisha
Charles Taze Russell
Ellen White
Jesus
Moses
Muhammad
Mirza Ghulam Ahmad
Saul





Religion and violence



Buddhism
Christianity

Mormonism


Judaism
Islam
Terrorism

Christian
Hindu
Islamic
Jewish


Persecution

Christian thought on persecution and tolerance


War

In Islam
In Judaism


Sectarian violence
By country

India

Anti-Christian violence
In Odisha


Nigeria
Pakistan







Books



Atheist Manifesto
Breaking the Spell: Religion as a Natural Phenomenon
Christianity Unveiled
God in the Age of Science?
God Is Not Great
God: The Failed Hypothesis
Letter to a Christian Nation
The Age of Reason
The Blind Watchmaker
The Caged Virgin
The End of Faith
The God Delusion
The Rage Against God
Why I Am Not a Christian
Why I Am Not a Muslim





Movements



Agnosticism
Antitheism
Atheism
Criticism of atheism
Cārvāka
New Atheism
Nontheistic religions
Parody religion









Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 36997809
LCCN: n79064998
ISNI: 0000 0001 2128 2295
GND: 115873937
SELIBR: 266983
SUDOC: 032799128
BNF: cb12375841d (data)
MusicBrainz: 5d63a48c-16fc-4515-be15-c97bf0b3e396
NLA: 35471465
NDL: 00455136
NKC: jn19990007295
BNE: XX989452










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Carl_Sagan&oldid=791744368"					
Categories: Carl Sagan1934 births1996 deaths20th-century American writers20th-century American novelistsFellows at the University of California, BerkeleyAmerican agnosticsCritics of religionsAmerican activistsAmerican anti–nuclear weapons activistsAmerican anti–Vietnam War activistsAmerican astronomersAmerican cannabis activistsAmerican humanistsAmerican naturalistsAmerican nature writersAmerican pacifistsAmerican people of Russian-Jewish descentAmerican science fiction writersAmerican science writersAmerican skepticsAmerican UFO writersAstrochemistryAstrophysicsCosmologistsCornell University facultyDeaths from pneumoniaHarvard University peopleInfectious disease deaths in Washington (state)Jewish American scientistsJewish skepticsCritics of alternative medicineJewish activistsJewish agnosticsWriters from BrooklynPantheistsPlanetary scientistsPulitzer Prize for General Non-Fiction winnersRahway High School alumniScience communicatorsSearch for extraterrestrial intelligenceInterstellar messagesSpace advocatesUniversity of Chicago alumniNational Academy of Sciences laureatesPresidents of The Planetary SocietyFellows of the Committee for Skeptical InquiryPeople associated with the American Museum of Natural HistoryMembers of the American Philosophical SocietySagan familyAmerican male novelistsAstrobiologistsSpinozistsHidden categories: All pages needing factual verificationWikipedia articles needing factual verification from September 2013CS1 maint: Extra text: authors listCS1 French-language sources (fr)Find a Grave template with ID same as WikidataUse mdy dates from July 2013Wikipedia articles needing clarification from October 2014Wikipedia articles needing clarification from March 2016All articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from September 2013Wikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with LCCN identifiersWikipedia articles with ISNI identifiersWikipedia articles with GND identifiersWikipedia articles with SELIBR identifiersWikipedia articles with BNF identifiersWikipedia articles with MusicBrainz identifiersWikipedia articles with NLA identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia CommonsWikiquoteWikisource 



Languages


Afrikaansالعربيةঅসমীয়াAsturianuAzərbaycancaবাংলাBân-lâm-gúБеларускаяБългарскиBosanskiCatalàČeštinaCymraegDanskDeutschEestiΕλληνικάEspañolEsperantoEuskaraفارسیFrançaisGaeilgeGalego한국어Հայերենहिन्दीHrvatskiIdoBahasa IndonesiaÍslenskaItalianoעבריתBasa Jawaಕನ್ನಡქართულიLatinaLatviešuLëtzebuergeschLietuviųLimburgsMagyarМакедонскиMalagasyമലയാളംमराठीمصرىBaso Minangkabauမြန်မာဘာသာNāhuatlNederlands日本語Norsk bokmålNorsk nynorskOccitanਪੰਜਾਬੀپنجابیPolskiPortuguêsRomânăRuna SimiРусскийScotsShqipSimple EnglishSlovenčinaSlovenščinaکوردیСрпски / srpskiSrpskohrvatski / српскохрватскиSuomiSvenskaTagalogதமிழ்తెలుగుไทยTürkçeУкраїнськаاردوTiếng ViệtWinaray中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 22 July 2017, at 06:20.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Carl Sagan - Wikipedia






















 






Carl Sagan

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search



Carl Sagan



Carl Sagan in 1980



Born
Carl Edward Sagan
(1934-11-09)November 9, 1934
Brooklyn, New York, U.S.


Died
December 20, 1996(1996-12-20) (aged 62)
Seattle, Washington, U.S.


Resting place
Ithaca, New York, U.S.


Nationality
American


Fields



Astronomy
astrophysics
cosmology
astrobiology
space science
planetary science





Institutions



Cornell University
Harvard University
Smithsonian Astrophysical Observatory
University of California, Berkeley





Alma mater
University of Chicago


Doctoral advisor
Gerard Kuiper


Doctoral students
Clark Chapman, James B. Pollack, Owen Toon


Known for



Search for Extra-Terrestrial Intelligence (SETI)
Cosmos: A Personal Voyage
Cosmos
Voyager Golden Record
Pioneer plaque
The Dragons of Eden
Contact
Pale Blue Dot





Notable awards
Klumpke-Roberts Award (1974)
NASA Distinguished Public Service Medal (1977)
Pulitzer Prize for General Non-Fiction (1978)
Oersted Medal (1990)
Carl Sagan Award for Public Understanding of Science (1993)
National Academy of Sciences Public Welfare Medal (1994)


Spouse
Lynn Margulis (m. 1957; div. 1965)
Linda Salzman (m. 1968; div. 1981)
Ann Druyan (m. 1981)


Children
5, including Dorion and Nick


Signature




Carl Edward Sagan (/ˈseɪɡən/; November 9, 1934 – December 20, 1996) was an American astronomer, cosmologist, astrophysicist, astrobiologist, author, science popularizer, and science communicator in astronomy and other natural sciences. He is best known for his work as a science popularizer and communicator. His best known scientific contribution is research on extraterrestrial life, including experimental demonstration of the production of amino acids from basic chemicals by radiation. Sagan assembled the first physical messages sent into space: the Pioneer plaque and the Voyager Golden Record, universal messages that could potentially be understood by any extraterrestrial intelligence that might find them. Sagan argued the now accepted hypothesis that the high surface temperatures of Venus can be attributed to and calculated using the greenhouse effect.[1]
Sagan published more than 600 scientific papers and articles and was author, co-author or editor of more than 20 books. He wrote many popular science books, such as The Dragons of Eden, Broca's Brain and Pale Blue Dot, and narrated and co-wrote the award-winning 1980 television series Cosmos: A Personal Voyage. The most widely watched series in the history of American public television, Cosmos has been seen by at least 500 million people across 60 different countries.[2] The book Cosmos was published to accompany the series. He also wrote the science fiction novel Contact, the basis for a 1997 film of the same name. His papers, containing 595,000 items,[3] are archived at The Library of Congress.[4]
Sagan advocated scientific skeptical inquiry and the scientific method, pioneered exobiology and promoted the Search for Extra-Terrestrial Intelligence (SETI). He spent most of his career as a professor of astronomy at Cornell University, where he directed the Laboratory for Planetary Studies. Sagan and his works received numerous awards and honors, including the NASA Distinguished Public Service Medal, the National Academy of Sciences Public Welfare Medal, the Pulitzer Prize for General Non-Fiction for his book The Dragons of Eden, and, regarding Cosmos: A Personal Voyage, two Emmy Awards, the Peabody Award and the Hugo Award. He married three times and had five children. After suffering from myelodysplasia, Sagan died of pneumonia at the age of 62, on December 20, 1996.



Contents


1 Early life

1.1 1939 World's Fair
1.2 World War II
1.3 Inquisitiveness about nature
1.4 High school years


2 Education
3 Scientific career
4 Scientific achievements
5 Cosmos: popularizing science on TV

5.1 "Billions and billions"


6 Scientific and critical thinking advocacy

6.1 Popularizing science
6.2 Criticisms


7 Social concerns
8 Personal life and beliefs
9 Sagan and UFOs
10 Death
11 Posthumous recognition
12 Awards and honors
13 Publications
14 See also
15 Notes
16 References
17 Further reading
18 External links



Early life[edit]
Carl Sagan was born in Brooklyn, New York.[5] His father, Samuel Sagan, was an immigrant garment worker from Kamianets-Podilskyi, then in the Russian Empire,[6] in today's Ukraine. His mother, Rachel Molly Gruber, was a housewife from New York. Carl was named in honor of Rachel's biological mother, Chaiya Clara, in Sagan's words, "the mother she never knew."[7]
He had a sister, Carol, and the family lived in a modest apartment near the Atlantic Ocean, in Bensonhurst, a Brooklyn neighborhood. According to Sagan, they were Reform Jews, the most liberal of North American Judaism's four main groups. Both Sagan and his sister agreed that their father was not especially religious, but that their mother "definitely believed in God, and was active in the temple ... and served only kosher meat."[7]:12 During the depths of the Depression, his father worked as a theater usher.
According to biographer Keay Davidson, Sagan's "inner war" was a result of his close relationship with both of his parents, who were in many ways "opposites." Sagan traced his later analytical urges to his mother, a woman who had been extremely poor as a child in New York City during World War I and the 1920s.[7]:2 As a young woman she had held her own intellectual ambitions, but they were frustrated by social restrictions: her poverty, her status as a woman and a wife, and her Jewish ethnicity. Davidson notes that she therefore "worshipped her only son, Carl. He would fulfill her unfulfilled dreams."[7]:2
However, he claimed that his sense of wonder came from his father. In his free time he gave apples to the poor or helped soothe labor-management tensions within New York's garment industry.[7]:2 Although he was awed by Carl's intellectual abilities, he took his son's inquisitiveness in stride and saw it as part of his growing up.[7]:2 In his later years as a writer and scientist, Sagan would often draw on his childhood memories to illustrate scientific points, as he did in his book, Shadows of Forgotten Ancestors.[7]:9 Sagan describes his parents' influence on his later thinking:

My parents were not scientists. They knew almost nothing about science. But in introducing me simultaneously to skepticism and to wonder, they taught me the two uneasily cohabiting modes of thought that are central to the scientific method.[8]

1939 World's Fair[edit]
Sagan recalls that one of his most defining moments was when his parents took him to the 1939 New York World's Fair when he was four years old. The exhibits became a turning point in his life. He later recalled the moving map of the America of Tomorrow exhibit: "It showed beautiful highways and cloverleaves and little General Motors cars all carrying people to skyscrapers, buildings with lovely spires, flying buttresses—and it looked great!"[7]:14 At other exhibits, he remembered how a flashlight that shone on a photoelectric cell created a crackling sound, and how the sound from a tuning fork became a wave on an oscilloscope. He also witnessed the future media technology that would replace radio: television. Sagan wrote:

Plainly, the world held wonders of a kind I had never guessed. How could a tone become a picture and light become a noise?[7]:14

He also saw one of the Fair's most publicized events, the burial of a time capsule at Flushing Meadows, which contained mementos of the 1930s to be recovered by Earth's descendants in a future millennium. "The time capsule thrilled Carl," writes Davidson. As an adult, Sagan and his colleagues would create similar time capsules—capsules that would be sent out into the galaxy; these were the Pioneer plaque and the Voyager Golden Record précis, all of which were spinoffs of Sagan's memories of the World's Fair.[7]:15
World War II[edit]
During World War II Sagan's family worried about the fate of their European relatives. Sagan, however, was generally unaware of the details of the ongoing war. He wrote, "Sure, we had relatives who were caught up in the Holocaust. Hitler was not a popular fellow in our household... But on the other hand, I was fairly insulated from the horrors of the war." His sister, Carol, said that their mother "above all wanted to protect Carl... She had an extraordinarily difficult time dealing with World War II and the Holocaust."[7]:15 Sagan's book, The Demon-Haunted World (1996), included his memories of this conflicted period, when his family dealt with the realities of the war in Europe but tried to prevent it from undermining his optimistic spirit.[8]
Inquisitiveness about nature[edit]
Soon after entering elementary school he began to express a strong inquisitiveness about nature. Sagan recalled taking his first trips to the public library alone, at the age of five, when his mother got him a library card. He wanted to learn what stars were, since none of his friends or their parents could give him a clear answer:

I went to the librarian and asked for a book about stars ... And the answer was stunning. It was that the Sun was a star but really close. The stars were suns, but so far away they were just little points of light ... The scale of the universe suddenly opened up to me. It was a kind of religious experience. There was a magnificence to it, a grandeur, a scale which has never left me. Never ever left me.[7]:18

At about age six or seven, he and a close friend took trips to the American Museum of Natural History across the East River in Manhattan. While there, they went to the Hayden Planetarium and walked around the museum's exhibits of space objects, such as meteorites, and displays of dinosaurs and animals in natural settings. Sagan writes about those visits:

I was transfixed by the dioramas—lifelike representations of animals and their habitats all over the world. Penguins on the dimly lit Antarctic ice; ...a family of gorillas, the male beating his chest, ...an American grizzly bear standing on his hind legs, ten or twelve feet tall, and staring me right in the eye.[7]:18

His parents helped nurture his growing interest in science by buying him chemistry sets and reading materials. His interest in space, however, was his primary focus, especially after reading science fiction stories by writers such as H. G. Wells and Edgar Rice Burroughs, which stirred his imagination about life on other planets such as Mars. According to biographer Ray Spangenburg, these early years as Sagan tried to understand the mysteries of the planets became a "driving force in his life, a continual spark to his intellect, and a quest that would never be forgotten."[8]
In 1947 he discovered Astounding Science Fiction magazine, which introduced him to more hard science fiction speculations than those in Burroughs's novels. That same year inaugurated the "flying saucer" mass hysteria with the young Carl suspecting the "discs" might be alien spaceships.[9]
High school years[edit]
Sagan had lived in Bensonhurst where he went to David A. Boody Junior High School. He had his bar mitzvah in Bensonhurst when he turned 13.[7]:23 The following year, 1948, his family moved to the nearby town of Rahway, New Jersey for his father's work, where Sagan then entered Rahway High School. He graduated in 1951.[7]:23 Rahway was an older industrial town, and the Sagans were among its few Jewish families.[7]:23




Photo of Sagan from high school yearbook, 1951


Sagan was a straight-A student but was bored due to unchallenging classes and uninspiring teachers.[7]:23 His teachers realized this and tried to convince his parents to send him to a private school, the administrator telling them, "This kid ought to go to a school for gifted children, he has something really remarkable."[7]:24 This they couldn't do, partly because of the cost.
Sagan was made president of the school's chemistry club, and at home he set up his own laboratory. He taught himself about molecules by making cardboard cutouts to help him visualize how molecules were formed: "I found that about as interesting as doing [chemical] experiments," he said.[7]:24 Sagan remained mostly interested in astronomy as a hobby, and in his junior year made it a career goal after he learned that astronomers were paid for doing what he always enjoyed: "That was a splendid day­­­­—when I began to suspect that if I tried hard I could do astronomy full-time, not just part-time."[7]:25
Before the end of high school, he entered an essay contest in which he posed the question of whether human contact with advanced life forms from another planet might be as disastrous for people on Earth as it was for Native Americans when they first had contact with Europeans.[10] The subject was considered controversial, but his rhetorical skill won over the judges and they awarded him first prize.[10] By graduation, his classmates had voted him "Most likely to succeed," and put him in line to be valedictorian.[10]
Education[edit]
Sagan attended the University of Chicago, which was one of the few colleges he applied to that would consider admitting a sixteen-year-old, despite his excellent high school grades. Its Chancellor, Robert Hutchins, structured the school as an "ideal meritocracy," with no age requirement.[11] The school also employed a number of the nation's leading scientists, including Enrico Fermi and Edward Teller, along with operating the famous Yerkes Observatory.[11]
During his time as an honors program undergraduate, Sagan worked in the laboratory of the geneticist H. J. Muller and wrote a thesis on the origins of life with physical chemist Harold Urey. Sagan joined the Ryerson Astronomical Society,[12] received a B.A. degree in self-proclaimed "nothing" with general and special honors in 1954, and a B.S. degree in physics in 1955. He went on to earn a M.S. degree in physics in 1956, before earning a Ph.D. degree in 1960 with the dissertation "Physical Studies of Planets" submitted to the Department of Astronomy and Astrophysics.[13][14][15][16]
He used the summer months of his graduate studies to work with his dissertation director, planetary scientist Gerard Kuiper, as well as physicist George Gamow, and chemist Melvin Calvin. The title of Sagan's dissertation reflects his shared interests with Kuiper, who throughout the 1950s had been president of the International Astronomical Union's commission on "Physical Studies of Planets and Satellites".[17] In 1958, the two worked on the classified military Project A119, the secret Air Force plan to detonate a nuclear warhead on the Moon.[18]
Sagan had a "Top Secret" clearance at the U.S. Air Force and a "Secret" clearance with NASA.[19] While working on his doctoral dissertation, Sagan revealed US Government classified titles of two Project A119 papers when he applied for a University of California at Berkeley scholarship in 1959. The leak was not publicly revealed until 1999, when it was published in the journal "Nature". A follow-up letter to the journal by project leader Leonard Reiffel confirmed Sagan's security leak.[20]
Scientific career[edit]
From 1960 to 1962 Sagan was a Miller Fellow at the University of California, Berkeley.[21] Meanwhile, he published an article in 1961 in the journal Science on the atmosphere of Venus, while also working with NASA's Mariner 2 team, and served as a "Planetary Sciences Consultant" to the RAND Corporation.[22]


Play media


Sagan is one of those discussing the likelihood of life on other planets in Who's Out There? (1973), an award-winning NASA documentary film by Robert Drew


After the publication of Sagan's Science article, in 1961 Harvard University astronomers Fred Whipple and Donald Menzel offered Sagan the opportunity to give a colloquium at Harvard, and they subsequently offered him a lecturer position at the institution. Sagan instead asked to be made an assistant professor, and eventually Whipple and Menzel were able to convince Harvard to offer Sagan the assistant professor position he requested.[22] Sagan lectured, performed research, and advised graduate students at the institution from 1963 until 1968, as well as working at the Smithsonian Astrophysical Observatory, both located in Cambridge, Massachusetts.
In 1968, Sagan was denied tenure at Harvard. He later indicated the decision was very much unexpected.[23] The tenure denial has been blamed on several factors, including that he focused his interests too broadly across a number of areas (while the norm in academia is to become a renowned expert in a narrow specialty), and perhaps because of his well-publicized scientific advocacy, which some scientists perceived as borrowing the ideas of others for little more than self-promotion.[19] An advisor from his years as an undergraduate student, Harold Urey, wrote a letter to the tenure committee recommending strongly against tenure for Sagan.[9]


Science is more than a body of knowledge; it is a way of thinking. I have a foreboding of an America in my children's or grandchildren's time — when the United States is a service and information economy; when nearly all the key manufacturing industries have slipped away to other countries; when awesome technological powers are in the hands of a very few, and no one representing the public interest can even grasp the issues; when the people have lost the ability to set their own agendas or knowledgeably question those in authority; when, clutching our crystals and nervously consulting our horoscopes, our critical faculties in decline, unable to distinguish between what feels good and what's true, we slide, almost without noticing, back into superstition and darkness.

Carl Sagan, from Demon-Haunted World (1995)[24]
Long before the ill-fated tenure process, Cornell University astronomer Thomas Gold had courted Sagan to move to Ithaca, New York and join the faculty at Cornell. Following the denial of tenure from Harvard, Sagan accepted Gold's offer and remained a faculty member at Cornell for nearly 30 years until his death in 1996. Unlike Harvard, the smaller and more laid-back astronomy department at Cornell welcomed Sagan's growing celebrity status.[25] Following two years as an associate professor, Sagan became a full professor at Cornell in 1970, and directed the Laboratory for Planetary Studies there. From 1972 to 1981, he was associate director of the Center for Radiophysics and Space Research (CRSR) at Cornell. In 1976, he became the David Duncan Professor of Astronomy and Space Sciences, a position he held for the remainder of his life.[26]
Sagan was associated with the U.S. space program from its inception. From the 1950s onward, he worked as an advisor to NASA, where one of his duties included briefing the Apollo astronauts before their flights to the Moon. Sagan contributed to many of the robotic spacecraft missions that explored the Solar System, arranging experiments on many of the expeditions. Sagan assembled the first physical message that was sent into space: a gold-anodized plaque, attached to the space probe Pioneer 10, launched in 1972. Pioneer 11, also carrying another copy of the plaque, was launched the following year. He continued to refine his designs; the most elaborate message he helped to develop and assemble was the Voyager Golden Record that was sent out with the Voyager space probes in 1977. Sagan often challenged the decisions to fund the Space Shuttle and the International Space Station at the expense of further robotic missions.[27]
Scientific achievements[edit]
Former student David Morrison describes Sagan as "an 'idea person' and a master of intuitive physical arguments and 'back of the envelope' calculations,"[19] and Gerard Kuiper said that "Some persons work best in specializing on a major program in the laboratory; others are best in liaison between sciences. Dr. Sagan belongs in the latter group."[19]
Sagan's contributions were central to the discovery of the high surface temperatures of the planet Venus.[1][28] In the early 1960s no one knew for certain the basic conditions of that planet's surface, and Sagan listed the possibilities in a report later depicted for popularization in a Time–Life book, Planets. His own view was that Venus was dry and very hot as opposed to the balmy paradise others had imagined. He had investigated radio emissions from Venus and concluded that there was a surface temperature of 500 °C (900 °F). As a visiting scientist to NASA's Jet Propulsion Laboratory, he contributed to the first Mariner missions to Venus, working on the design and management of the project. Mariner 2 confirmed his conclusions on the surface conditions of Venus in 1962.
Sagan was among[clarification needed] the first to hypothesize that Saturn's moon Titan might possess oceans of liquid compounds on its surface and that Jupiter's moon Europa might possess subsurface oceans of water. This would make Europa potentially habitable.[29] Europa's subsurface ocean of water was later indirectly confirmed by the spacecraft Galileo. The mystery of Titan's reddish haze was also solved with Sagan's help. The reddish haze was revealed to be due to complex organic molecules constantly raining down onto Titan's surface.[30]
He further contributed insights regarding the atmospheres of Venus and Jupiter as well as seasonal changes on Mars. He also perceived global warming as a growing, man-made danger and likened it to the natural development of Venus into a hot, life-hostile planet through a kind of runaway greenhouse effect.[31] Sagan and his Cornell colleague Edwin Ernest Salpeter speculated about life in Jupiter's clouds, given the planet's dense atmospheric composition rich in organic molecules. He studied the observed color variations on Mars' surface and concluded that they were not seasonal or vegetational changes as most believed[clarification needed] but shifts in surface dust caused by windstorms.
Sagan is best known, however, for his research on the possibilities of extraterrestrial life, including experimental demonstration of the production of amino acids from basic chemicals by radiation.[32][33]
He is also the 1994 recipient of the Public Welfare Medal, the highest award of the National Academy of Sciences for "distinguished contributions in the application of science to the public welfare".[34] He was denied membership in the Academy, reportedly because his media activities made him unpopular with many other scientists.[35][36][37]
Cosmos: popularizing science on TV[edit]




Sagan in Cosmos (1980)


In 1980 Sagan co-wrote and narrated the award-winning 13-part PBS television series, Cosmos: A Personal Voyage, which became the most widely watched series in the history of American public television. The show has been seen by at least 500 million people across 60 different countries.[2][38][39] The book, Cosmos, written by Sagan, was published to accompany the series.[40]
Because of his earlier popularity as a science writer from his best-selling books, including The Dragons of Eden, which won him a Pulitzer Prize in 1977, he was asked to write and narrate the show. It was targeted to a general audience of viewers who Sagan felt had lost interest in science, partly due to a stifled educational system.[41]
Each of the 13 episodes was created to focus on a particular subject or person, thereby demonstrating the synergy of the universe.[41] They covered a wide range of scientific subjects including the origin of life and a perspective of humans' place on Earth.
The show won an Emmy[42] along with a Peabody Award, and transformed Sagan from an obscure astronomer into a pop-culture icon.[43] Time magazine ran a cover story about Sagan soon after the show broadcast, referring to him as "creator, chief writer and host-narrator of the show.[44] In 2000, "Cosmos" was released on a remastered set of DVDs.
 "Billions and billions"[edit]
See also: Sagan's number




Sagan with a model of the Viking lander that would land on Mars. Sagan examined possible landing sites for Viking along with Mike Carr and Hal Masursky.


From Cosmos, he was invited to frequent appearances on The Tonight Show Starring Johnny Carson.[45] Sagan became jokingly associated with the catchphrase "billions and billions", although he never actually used the phrase in the Cosmos series.[46] He rather used the term "billions upon billions."[47] Carson, however, would sometimes use the phrase during his parodies of Sagan.[48][a]
As a humorous tribute to Sagan and his association with the catchphrase "billions and billions", a sagan has been defined as a unit of measurement equivalent to a very large number of anything.[50][51][52]
Scientific and critical thinking advocacy[edit]

Sagan's ability to convey his ideas allowed many people to understand the cosmos better—simultaneously emphasizing the value and worthiness of the human race, and the relative insignificance of the Earth in comparison to the Universe. He delivered the 1977 series of Royal Institution Christmas Lectures in London.[53]
Sagan was a proponent of the search for extraterrestrial life. He urged the scientific community to listen with radio telescopes for signals from potential intelligent extraterrestrial life-forms. Sagan was so persuasive that by 1982 he was able to get a petition advocating SETI published in the journal Science and signed by 70 scientists, including seven Nobel Prize winners. This signaled a tremendous increase in the respectability of a then-controversial field. Sagan also helped Frank Drake write the Arecibo message, a radio message beamed into space from the Arecibo radio telescope on November 16, 1974, aimed at informing potential extraterrestrials about Earth.
Sagan was chief technology officer of the professional planetary research journal Icarus for twelve years. He co-founded The Planetary Society, and a member of the SETI Institute Board of Trustees. Sagan served as Chairman of the Division for Planetary Science of the American Astronomical Society, as President of the Planetology Section of the American Geophysical Union, and as Chairman of the Astronomy Section of the American Association for the Advancement of Science (AAAS).




The Planetary Society members at the organization's founding. Carl Sagan is seated on the right.


At the height of the Cold War, Sagan became involved in nuclear disarmament efforts by promoting hypotheses on the effects of nuclear war when Paul Crutzen's "Twilight at Noon" concept, suggested that a substantial nuclear exchange could trigger a nuclear twilight and upset the delicate balance of life on Earth by cooling the surface. In 1983 he was one of five authors—the "S"—in the follow-up "TTAPS" model (as the research paper came to be known), which contained the first usage of the term "nuclear winter" which his colleague Richard P. Turco coined.[54][55] In 1984 he co-authored the book The Cold and the Dark: The World after Nuclear War and in 1990 he co-authored the book A Path Where No Man Thought: Nuclear Winter and the End of the Arms Race, which explains the nuclear winter hypothesis and with that advocates nuclear disarmament. Sagan received a great deal of skepticism and disdain for the use of media to disseminate a very uncertain hypothesis. In personal correspondence with Edward Teller c. 1983, although beginning amicably, with Teller expressing support for continued research to ascertain the credibility of the winter hypothesis, Sagan and Teller's correspondence would ultimately result in Teller writing "A propagandist is one who uses incomplete information to produce maximum persuasion. I can compliment you on being, indeed, an excellent propagandist remembering that a propagandist is the better the less he appears to be one".[56] Biographers of Sagan would also comment that from a scientific viewpoint, nuclear winter was a low point for Sagan, although politically speaking it popularized his image amongst the public.[56]
Sagan also wrote books to popularize science, such as Cosmos, which reflected and expanded upon some of the themes of A Personal Voyage and became the best-selling science book ever published in English;[57] The Dragons of Eden: Speculations on the Evolution of Human Intelligence, which won a Pulitzer Prize; and Broca's Brain: Reflections on the Romance of Science. Sagan also wrote the best-selling science fiction novel Contact in 1985, based on a film treatment he wrote with his wife in 1979, but he did not live to see the book's 1997 motion picture adaptation, which starred Jodie Foster and won the 1998 Hugo Award for Best Dramatic Presentation.




Pale Blue Dot: Earth is a bright pixel when photographed from Voyager 1 six billion kilometers out (beyond Pluto). Sagan encouraged NASA to generate this image.

from Pale Blue Dot (1994)

"On it, everyone you ever heard of...The aggregate of all our joys and sufferings, thousands of confident religions, ideologies and economic doctrines, every hunter and forager, every hero and coward, every creator and destroyer of civilizations, every king and peasant, every young couple in love, every hopeful child, every mother and father, every inventor and explorer, every teacher of morals, every corrupt politician, every superstar, every supreme leader, every saint and sinner in the history of our species, lived there on a mote of dust, suspended in a sunbeam. . . .

Think of the rivers of blood spilled by all those generals and emperors so that in glory and triumph they could become the momentary masters of a fraction of a dot."

Carl Sagan, Cornell lecture in 1994[58]



He wrote a sequel to Cosmos, Pale Blue Dot: A Vision of the Human Future in Space, which was selected as a notable book of 1995 by The New York Times. He appeared on PBS' Charlie Rose program in January 1995.[27] Sagan also wrote the introduction for Stephen Hawking's bestseller, A Brief History of Time. Sagan was also known for his popularization of science, his efforts to increase scientific understanding among the general public, and his positions in favor of scientific skepticism and against pseudoscience, such as his debunking of the Betty and Barney Hill abduction. To mark the tenth anniversary of Sagan's death, David Morrison, a former student of Sagan's, recalled "Sagan's immense contributions to planetary research, the public understanding of science, and the skeptical movement" in Skeptical Inquirer.[19]
Following Saddam Hussein's threats to light Kuwait's oil wells on fire in response to any physical challenge to Iraqi control of the oil assets, Sagan together with his "TTAPS" colleagues and Paul Crutzen, warned in January 1991 in the Baltimore Sun and Wilmington Morning Star newspapers that if the fires were left to burn over a period of several months, enough smoke from the 600 or so 1991 Kuwaiti oil fires "might get so high as to disrupt agriculture in much of South Asia ..." and that this possibility should "affect the war plans";[59][60] these claims were also the subject of a televised debate between Sagan and physicist Fred Singer on 22 January, aired on the ABC News program Nightline.[61][62]




Sagan admitted he had overestimated the danger posed by the 1991 Kuwaiti oil fires.


In the televised debate, Sagan argued that the effects of the smoke would be similar to the effects of a nuclear winter, with Singer arguing to the contrary. After the debate, the fires burnt for many months before extinguishing efforts were complete. The results of the smoke did not produce continental-sized cooling. Sagan later conceded in The Demon-Haunted World that the prediction did not turn out to be correct: "it was pitch black at noon and temperatures dropped 4°–6° C over the Persian Gulf, but not much smoke reached stratospheric altitudes and Asia was spared".[63]
In his later years Sagan advocated the creation of an organized search for asteroids/near-Earth objects (NEO) that might impact the Earth but to forestall or postpone developing the technological methods that would be needed to defend against them.[64] He argued that all of the numerous methods proposed to alter the orbit of an asteroid, including the employment of nuclear detonations, created a Deflection Dilemma: if the ability to deflect an asteroid away from the Earth exists, then one would also have the ability to divert a non-threatening object towards Earth, creating an immensely destructive weapon.[65][66] In a 1994 paper, he co-authored, he ridiculed a 3-day long "Near-Earth Object Interception Workshop" held by LANL in 1993 that did not, "even in passing" state that such interception and deflection technologies could have these "ancillary dangers".[65]
Sagan however was hopeful that the natural NEO impact threat and the intrinsically double-edged essence, of the methods to prevent these threats, would serve as a "new and potent motivation to maturing international relations".[65][67] Later acknowledging that, with sufficient international oversight, in the future a "work our way up" approach to fielding nuclear explosive deflection methods could be fielded, and when sufficient knowledge was gained, to use them to aid in mining asteroids.[66] His interest in the use of nuclear detonations in space grew out of his work in 1958 for the Armour Research Foundation's Project A119, concerning the possibility of detonating a nuclear device on the Lunar surface.[68]
Sagan was a critic of Plato, having said of the ancient Greek philosopher: "Science and mathematics were to be removed from the hands of the merchants and the artisans. This tendency found its most effective advocate in a follower of Pythagoras named Plato" and

He (Plato) believed that ideas were far more real than the natural world. He advised the astronomers not to waste their time observing the stars and planets. It was better, he believed, just to think about them. Plato expressed hostility to observation and experiment. He taught contempt for the real world and disdain for the practical application of scientific knowledge. Plato's followers succeeded in extinguishing the light of science and experiment that had been kindled by Democritus and the other Ionians.[69]

Popularizing science[edit]
Speaking about his activities in popularizing science, Sagan said that there were at least two reasons for scientists to share the purposes of science and its contemporary state. Simple self-interest was one: much of the funding for science came from the public, and the public therefore had the right to know how the money was being spent. If scientists increased public admiration for science, there was a good chance of having more public supporters.[clarification needed] The other reason was the excitement of communicating one's own excitement about science to others.[70]
Criticisms[edit]
While Sagan was widely adored by the general public, his reputation in the scientific community was more polarized.[71] Critics sometimes characterized his work as fanciful, non-rigorous, and self-aggrandizing,[72] and others complained in his later years that he neglected his role as a faculty member to foster his celebrity status.[73]
One of Sagan's harshest critics, Harold Urey, felt that Sagan was getting too much publicity for a scientist and was treating some scientific theories too casually.[74] Urey and Sagan were said to have different philosophies of science, according to Davidson. While Urey was an "old-time empiricist" who avoided theorizing about the unknown, Sagan was by contrast willing to speculate openly about such matters.[75] Fred Whipple wanted Harvard to keep Sagan there, but learned that because Urey was a Nobel laureate, his opinion was an important factor in Harvard denying Sagan tenure.[74]
Sagan's Harvard friend Lester Grinspoon also stated, "I know Harvard well enough to know there are people there who certainly do not like people" who are outspoken.[74] Grinspoon added:

Wherever you turned, there was one astronomer being quoted on everything, one astronomer whose face you were seeing on TV, and one astronomer whose books had the preferred display slot at the local bookstore.[74]

Some, like Urey, later came to realize Sagan's popular brand of scientific advocacy was beneficial to the science as a whole.[76] Urey especially liked Sagan's 1977 book, The Dragons of Eden, and wrote Sagan with his opinion: "I like it very much and am amazed that someone like you has such an intimate knowledge of the various features of the problem...I congratulate you...You are a man of many talents."[76]
Sagan was accused of borrowing some ideas of others for his own benefit, while Sagan countered these claims by explaining that the misappropriation was an unfortunate side effect of his role as a science communicator and explainer, and that he attempted to give proper credit whenever possible.[74]
Social concerns[edit]
Sagan believed that the Drake equation, on substitution of reasonable estimates, suggested that a large number of extraterrestrial civilizations would form, but that the lack of evidence of such civilizations highlighted by the Fermi paradox suggests technological civilizations tend to self-destruct. This stimulated his interest in identifying and publicizing ways that humanity could destroy itself, with the hope of avoiding such a cataclysm and eventually becoming a spacefaring species. Sagan's deep concern regarding the potential destruction of human civilization in a nuclear holocaust was conveyed in a memorable cinematic sequence in the final episode of Cosmos, called "Who Speaks for Earth?" Sagan had already resigned[date missing] from the Air Force Scientific Advisory Board's UFO investigating Condon Committee and voluntarily surrendered his top secret clearance in protest over the Vietnam War.[77] Following his marriage to his third wife (novelist Ann Druyan) in June 1981, Sagan became more politically active—particularly in opposing escalation of the nuclear arms race under President Ronald Reagan.




The United States and Soviet Union/Russia nuclear stockpiles, in total number of nuclear bombs/warheads in existence throughout the Cold War and post-Cold War era.


In March 1983, Reagan announced the Strategic Defense Initiative—a multibillion-dollar project to develop a comprehensive defense against attack by nuclear missiles, which was quickly dubbed the "Star Wars" program. Sagan spoke out against the project, arguing that it was technically impossible to develop a system with the level of perfection required, and far more expensive to build such a system than it would be for an enemy to defeat it through decoys and other means—and that its construction would seriously destabilize the "nuclear balance" between the United States and the Soviet Union, making further progress toward nuclear disarmament impossible.[78]
When Soviet leader Mikhail Gorbachev declared a unilateral moratorium on the testing of nuclear weapons, which would begin on August 6, 1985—the 40th anniversary of the atomic bombing of Hiroshima—the Reagan administration dismissed the dramatic move as nothing more than propaganda, and refused to follow suit. In response, US anti-nuclear and peace activists staged a series of protest actions at the Nevada Test Site, beginning on Easter Sunday in 1986 and continuing through 1987. Hundreds of people in the "Nevada Desert Experience" group were arrested, including Sagan, who was arrested on two separate occasions as he climbed over a chain-link fence at the test site during the underground Operation Charioteer and United States's Musketeer nuclear test series of detonations.[79]
Sagan was also a vocal advocate of the controversial notion of testosterone poisoning, arguing in 1992 that human males could become gripped by an "unusually severe [case of] testosterone poisoning" and this could compel them to become genocidal.[80] In his review of Moondance magazine writer Daniela Gioseffi's 1990 book Women on War, he argues that females are the only half of humanity "untainted by testosterone poisoning".[81] One chapter of his 1993 book, Shadows of Forgotten Ancestors is dedicated to testosterone and its alleged poisonous effects.[82]
Personal life and beliefs[edit]


"I have just finished The Cosmic Connection and loved every word of it. You are my idea of a good writer because you have an unmannered style, and when I read what you write, I hear you talking. One thing about the book made me nervous. It was entirely too obvious that you are smarter than I am. I hate that."

Isaac Asimov, in letter to Sagan, 1973[83][84]
Sagan was married three times. In 1957, he married biologist Lynn Margulis. The couple had two children, Jeremy and Dorion Sagan. After Carl Sagan and Margulis divorced, he married artist Linda Salzman in 1968 and they also had a child together, Nick Sagan. During these marriages, Carl Sagan focused heavily on his career, a factor which may have contributed to Sagan's first divorce.[19] In 1981, Sagan married author Ann Druyan and they later had two children, Alexandra and Samuel Sagan. Carl Sagan and Druyan remained married until his death in 1996. He lived in an Egyptian revival house in Ithaca perched on the edge of a cliff that had formerly been the headquarters of a Cornell secret society.[85]
Isaac Asimov described Sagan as one of only two people he ever met whose intellect surpassed his own. The other, he claimed, was the computer scientist and artificial intelligence expert Marvin Minsky.[86]
Sagan wrote frequently about religion and the relationship between religion and science, expressing his skepticism about the conventional conceptualization of God as a sapient being. For example:

Some people think God is an outsized, light-skinned male with a long white beard, sitting on a throne somewhere up there in the sky, busily tallying the fall of every sparrow. Others—for example Baruch Spinoza and Albert Einstein—considered God to be essentially the sum total of the physical laws which describe the universe. I do not know of any compelling evidence for anthropomorphic patriarchs controlling human destiny from some hidden celestial vantage point, but it would be madness to deny the existence of physical laws.[87]

In another description of his view on the concept of God, Sagan emphatically wrote:

The idea that God is an oversized white male with a flowing beard who sits in the sky and tallies the fall of every sparrow is ludicrous. But if by God one means the set of physical laws that govern the universe, then clearly there is such a God. This God is emotionally unsatisfying ... it does not make much sense to pray to the law of gravity.[88]

On atheism, Sagan commented in 1981:

An atheist is someone who is certain that God does not exist, someone who has compelling evidence against the existence of God. I know of no such compelling evidence. Because God can be relegated to remote times and places and to ultimate causes, we would have to know a great deal more about the universe than we do now to be sure that no such God exists. To be certain of the existence of God and to be certain of the nonexistence of God seem to me to be the confident extremes in a subject so riddled with doubt and uncertainty as to inspire very little confidence indeed.[89]

Sagan also commented on Christianity and the Jefferson Bible, stating "My long-time view about Christianity is that it represents an amalgam of two seemingly immiscible parts, the religion of Jesus and the religion of Paul. Thomas Jefferson attempted to excise the Pauline parts of the New Testament. There wasn't much left when he was done, but it was an inspiring document."[90]
Regarding spirituality and its relationship with science, Sagan stated:

'Spirit' comes from the Latin word 'to breathe'. What we breathe is air, which is certainly matter, however thin. Despite usage to the contrary, there is no necessary implication in the word 'spiritual' that we are talking of anything other than matter (including the matter of which the brain is made), or anything outside the realm of science. On occasion, I will feel free to use the word. Science is not only compatible with spirituality; it is a profound source of spirituality. When we recognize our place in an immensity of light-years and in the passage of ages, when we grasp the intricacy, beauty, and subtlety of life, then that soaring feeling, that sense of elation and humility combined, is surely spiritual.[91]

An environmental appeal, "Preserving and Cherishing the Earth", signed by Sagan with other noted scientists in January 1990, stated that "The historical record makes clear that religious teaching, example, and leadership are powerfully able to influence personal conduct and commitment... Thus, there is a vital role for religion and science."
In reply to a question in 1996 about his religious beliefs, Sagan answered, "I'm agnostic."[92] Sagan maintained that the idea of a creator God of the Universe was difficult to prove or disprove and that the only conceivable scientific discovery that could challenge it would be an infinitely old universe.[93] Sagan's views on religion have been interpreted as a form of pantheism comparable to Einstein's belief in Spinoza's God.[94] His son, Dorion Sagan said, "My father believed in the God of Spinoza and Einstein, God not behind nature but as nature, equivalent to it."[95] His last wife, Ann Druyan, stated:

When my husband died, because he was so famous and known for not being a believer, many people would come up to me—it still sometimes happens—and ask me if Carl changed at the end and converted to a belief in an afterlife. They also frequently ask me if I think I will see him again. Carl faced his death with unflagging courage and never sought refuge in illusions. The tragedy was that we knew we would never see each other again. I don't ever expect to be reunited with Carl.[96]

In 2006, Ann Druyan edited Sagan's 1985 Glasgow Gifford Lectures in Natural Theology into a book, The Varieties of Scientific Experience: A Personal View of the Search for God, in which he elaborates on his views of divinity in the natural world.




Carl Sagan (center) speaks with CDC employees in 1988.


Sagan is also widely regarded as a freethinker or skeptic; one of his most famous quotations, in Cosmos, was, "Extraordinary claims require extraordinary evidence"[97] (called the "Sagan Standard" by some[98]). This was based on a nearly identical statement by fellow founder of the Committee for the Scientific Investigation of Claims of the Paranormal, Marcello Truzzi, "An extraordinary claim requires extraordinary proof."[99][100] This idea had been earlier aphorized in Théodore Flournoy's work From India to the Planet Mars (1899) from a longer quote by Pierre-Simon Laplace (1749–1827), a French mathematician and astronomer, as the Principle of Laplace: "The weight of the evidence should be proportioned to the strangeness of the facts."[101]
Late in his life, Sagan's books elaborated on his skeptical, naturalistic view of the world. In The Demon-Haunted World, he presented tools for testing arguments and detecting fallacious or fraudulent ones, essentially advocating wide use of critical thinking and the scientific method. The compilation Billions and Billions: Thoughts on Life and Death at the Brink of the Millennium, published in 1997 after Sagan's death, contains essays written by Sagan, such as his views on abortion, and his widow Ann Druyan's account of his death as a skeptic, agnostic, and freethinker.
Sagan warned against humans' tendency towards anthropocentrism. He was the faculty adviser for the Cornell Students for the Ethical Treatment of Animals. In the Cosmos chapter "Blues For a Red Planet", Sagan wrote, "If there is life on Mars, I believe we should do nothing with Mars. Mars then belongs to the Martians, even if the Martians are only microbes."[102]
Sagan was a user and advocate of marijuana. Under the pseudonym "Mr. X", he contributed an essay about smoking cannabis to the 1971 book Marihuana Reconsidered.[103][104] The essay explained that marijuana use had helped to inspire some of Sagan's works and enhance sensual and intellectual experiences. After Sagan's death, his friend Lester Grinspoon disclosed this information to Sagan's biographer, Keay Davidson. The publishing of the biography, Carl Sagan: A Life, in 1999 brought media attention to this aspect of Sagan's life.[105][106][107] Not long after his death, widow Ann Druyan had gone on to preside over the board of directors of the National Organization for the Reform of Marijuana Laws (NORML), a non-profit organization dedicated to reforming cannabis laws.[108][109]
In 1994, engineers at Apple Computer code-named the Power Macintosh 7100 "Carl Sagan" in the hope that Apple would make "billions and billions" with the sale of the PowerMac 7100.[5] The name was only used internally, but Sagan was concerned that it would become a product endorsement and sent Apple a cease-and-desist letter. Apple complied, but engineers retaliated by changing the internal codename to "BHA" for “Butt-Head Astronomer”.[110][111] Sagan then sued Apple for libel in federal court. The court granted Apple's motion to dismiss Sagan's claims and opined in dicta that a reader aware of the context would understand Apple was "clearly attempting to retaliate in a humorous and satirical way", and that "It strains reason to conclude that Defendant was attempting to criticize Plaintiff's reputation or competency as an astronomer. One does not seriously attack the expertise of a scientist using the undefined phrase 'butt-head'."[110][112] Sagan then sued for Apple's original use of his name and likeness, but again lost.[113] Sagan appealed the ruling.[113] In November 1995, an out-of-court settlement was reached and Apple's office of trademarks and patents released a conciliatory statement that "Apple has always had great respect for Dr. Sagan. It was never Apple's intention to cause Dr. Sagan or his family any embarrassment or concern."[114] Apple's third and final code name for the project was "LAW", short for "Lawyers are Wimps".[111]
Sagan briefly served as an adviser on Stanley Kubrick's film 2001: A Space Odyssey.[7]:168 Sagan proposed that the film suggest, rather than depict, extraterrestrial superintelligence.[115]
Sagan and UFOs[edit]
In 1947, the year that inaugurated the "flying saucer" craze, the young Sagan suspected the "discs" might be alien spaceships.[9]
Sagan's interest in UFO reports prompted him on August 3, 1952, to write a letter to U.S. Secretary of State Dean Acheson to ask how the United States would respond if flying saucers turned out to be extraterrestrial.[7]:51–52 He later had several conversations on the subject in 1964 with Jacques Vallée.[116] Though quite skeptical of any extraordinary answer to the UFO question, Sagan thought scientists should study the phenomenon, at least because there was widespread public interest in UFO reports.
Stuart Appelle notes that Sagan "wrote frequently on what he perceived as the logical and empirical fallacies regarding UFOs and the abduction experience. Sagan rejected an extraterrestrial explanation for the phenomenon but felt there were both empirical and pedagogical benefits for examining UFO reports and that the subject was, therefore, a legitimate topic of study."[117]
In 1966 Sagan was a member of the Ad Hoc Committee to Review Project Blue Book, the U.S. Air Force's UFO investigation project. The committee concluded Blue Book had been lacking as a scientific study, and recommended a university-based project to give the UFO phenomenon closer scientific scrutiny. The result was the Condon Committee (1966–68), led by physicist Edward Condon, and in their final report they formally concluded that UFOs, regardless of what any of them actually were, did not behave in a manner consistent with a threat to national security.
Sociologist Ron Westrum writes that "The high point of Sagan's treatment of the UFO question was the AAAS' symposium in 1969. A wide range of educated opinions on the subject were offered by participants, including not only proponents such as James McDonald and J. Allen Hynek but also skeptics like astronomers William Hartmann and Donald Menzel. The roster of speakers was balanced, and it is to Sagan's credit that this event was presented in spite of pressure from Edward Condon."[116] With physicist Thornton Page, Sagan edited the lectures and discussions given at the symposium; these were published in 1972 as UFO's: A Scientific Debate. Some of Sagan's many books examine UFOs (as did one episode of Cosmos) and he claimed a religious undercurrent to the phenomenon.
Sagan again revealed his views on interstellar travel in his 1980 Cosmos series. In one of his last written works, Sagan argued that the chances of extraterrestrial spacecraft visiting Earth are vanishingly small. However, Sagan did think it plausible that Cold War concerns contributed to governments misleading their citizens about UFOs, and wrote that "some UFO reports and analyses, and perhaps voluminous files, have been made inaccessible to the public which pays the bills ... It's time for the files to be declassified and made generally available." He cautioned against jumping to conclusions about suppressed UFO data and stressed that there was no strong evidence that aliens were visiting the Earth either in the past or present.[118]
Sagan's Paradox
Sagan's contribution to the 1969 symposium was an attack on the belief that UFOs are piloted by extraterrestrial beings: Applying several logical assumptions (see Drake equation), Sagan calculated the possible number of advanced civilizations capable of interstellar travel to be about one million. He projected that any civilization wishing to check on all the others on a regular basis of, say, once a year would have to launch 10,000 spacecraft annually. Not only does that seem like an unreasonable number of launchings, but it would take all the material in one percent of the universe's stars to produce all the spaceships needed for all the civilizations to seek each other out.
To argue that the earth was being chosen for regular visitations, Sagan said, one would have to assume that the planet is somehow unique. And that assumption "goes exactly against the idea that there are lots of civilizations around. Because if there are then our sort of civilization must be pretty common. And if we're not pretty common then there aren't going to be many civilizations advanced enough to send visitors."
This argument, which some called "Sagan's paradox," helped to establish a new school of thought: the belief that extraterrestrial life exists but has nothing to do with UFOs. The new belief had a salutary effect on UFO studies. It helped separate researchers who wanted to identify unidentified flying objects from those who wanted to identify their pilots. And it gave scientists opportunities to search the universe for intelligent life unencumbered by the stigma associated with UFOs.[119]
Death[edit]




Stone dedicated to Carl Sagan in the Celebrity Path of the Brooklyn Botanic Garden


After suffering from myelodysplasia for two years, and receiving three bone marrow transplants from his sister Cari, Sagan died of pneumonia at the age of 62, at the Fred Hutchinson Cancer Research Center in Seattle, Washington, in the early morning of December 20, 1996.[120] Burial took place at Lakeview Cemetery in Ithaca, New York.[121]
Posthumous recognition[edit]
The 1997 movie Contact, based on Sagan's novel of the same name and finished after his death, ends with the dedication "For Carl". His photo can also be seen at 59:23 in the film.
In 1997 the Sagan Planet Walk was opened in Ithaca, New York. It is a walking-scale model of the Solar System, extending 1.2 km from the center of The Commons in downtown Ithaca to the Sciencenter, a hands-on museum. The exhibition was created in memory of Carl Sagan, who was an Ithaca resident and Cornell Professor. Professor Sagan had been a founding member of the museum's advisory board.[122]
The landing site of the unmanned Mars Pathfinder spacecraft was renamed the Carl Sagan Memorial Station on July 5, 1997. Asteroid 2709 Sagan is named in his honor, as is the Carl Sagan Institute for the search of habitable planets.
Sagan's son, Nick Sagan, wrote several episodes in the Star Trek franchise. In an episode of Star Trek: Enterprise entitled "Terra Prime", a quick shot is shown of the relic rover Sojourner, part of the Mars Pathfinder mission, placed by a historical marker at Carl Sagan Memorial Station on the Martian surface. The marker displays a quote from Sagan: "Whatever the reason you're on Mars, I'm glad you're there, and I wish I was with you." Sagan's student Steve Squyres led the team that landed the rovers Spirit and Opportunity successfully on Mars in 2004.
On November 9, 2001, on what would have been Sagan's 67th birthday, the Ames Research Center dedicated the site for the Carl Sagan Center for the Study of Life in the Cosmos. "Carl was an incredible visionary, and now his legacy can be preserved and advanced by a 21st century research and education laboratory committed to enhancing our understanding of life in the universe and furthering the cause of space exploration for all time", said NASA Administrator Daniel Goldin. Ann Druyan was at the Center as it opened its doors on October 22, 2006.
Sagan has at least three awards named in his honor:

The Carl Sagan Memorial Award presented jointly since 1997 by the American Astronomical Society and The Planetary Society,
The Carl Sagan Medal for Excellence in Public Communication in Planetary Science presented since 1998 by the American Astronomical Society's Division for Planetary Sciences (AAS/DPS) for outstanding communication by an active planetary scientist to the general public—Carl Sagan was one of the original organizing committee members of the DPS, and
The Carl Sagan Award for Public Understanding of Science presented by the Council of Scientific Society Presidents (CSSP)—Sagan was the first recipient of the CSSP award in 1993.[123]

August 2007 the Independent Investigations Group (IIG) awarded Sagan posthumously a Lifetime Achievement Award. This honor has also been awarded to Harry Houdini and James Randi.[124]
Beginning in 2009, a musical project known as Symphony of Science sampled several excerpts of Sagan from his series Cosmos and remixed them to electronic music. To date, the videos have received over 21 million views worldwide on YouTube.[125]
The 2014 Swedish science fiction short film Wanderers uses excerpts of Sagan's narration of his book Pale Blue Dot, played over digitally-created visuals of humanity's possible future expansion into outer space.[126][127]
In February 2015, the Finnish-based symphonic metal band Nightwish released the song "Sagan" as a non-album bonus track for their single "Élan".[128] The song, written by the band's songwriter/composer/keyboardist Tuomas Holopainen, is an homage to the life and work of the late Carl Sagan.
In August 2015, it was announced that a biopic of Sagan's life was being planned by Warner Bros.[129]
Awards and honors[edit]


NASA Distinguished Public Service Medal




Annual Award for Television Excellence—1981—Ohio State University—PBS series Cosmos: A Personal Voyage
Apollo Achievement Award—National Aeronautics and Space Administration
NASA Distinguished Public Service Medal—National Aeronautics and Space Administration (1977)
Emmy—Outstanding Individual Achievement—1981—PBS series Cosmos: A Personal Voyage[42]
Emmy—Outstanding Informational Series—1981—PBS series Cosmos: A Personal Voyage[42]
Exceptional Scientific Achievement Medal—National Aeronautics and Space Administration
Helen Caldicott Leadership Award – Awarded by Women's Action for Nuclear Disarmament
Hugo Award—1981—Best Dramatic Presentation—Cosmos: A Personal Voyage
Hugo Award—1981—Best Related Non-Fiction Book—Cosmos
Hugo Award—1998—Best Dramatic Presentation—Contact
Humanist of the Year—1981—Awarded by the American Humanist Association[130]
American Philosophical Society—1995—Elected to membership.[131]
In Praise of Reason Award—1987—Committee for Skeptical Inquiry [132]
Isaac Asimov Award—1994—Committee for Skeptical Inquiry[133]
John F. Kennedy Astronautics Award—1982—American Astronautical Society[134]
Special non-fiction Campbell Memorial Award—1974—The Cosmic Connection: An Extraterrestrial Perspective[135]
Joseph Priestley Award—"For distinguished contributions to the welfare of mankind"[136]
Klumpke-Roberts Award of the Astronomical Society of the Pacific—1974
Konstantin Tsiolkovsky Medal—Awarded by the Soviet Cosmonauts Federation
Locus Award 1986—Contact
Lowell Thomas Award—The Explorers Club—75th Anniversary
Masursky Award—American Astronomical Society
Miller Research Fellowship—Miller Institute (1960–1962)
Oersted Medal—1990—American Association of Physics Teachers
Peabody Award—1980—PBS series Cosmos: A Personal Voyage
Le Prix Galabert d’astronautique—International Astronautical Federation (IAF)[citation needed]
Public Welfare Medal—1994—National Academy of Sciences[137]
Pulitzer Prize for General Non-Fiction—1978—The Dragons of Eden
Science Fiction Chronicle Award—1998—Dramatic Presentation—Contact
Named the "99th Greatest American" on June 5, 2005, Greatest American television series on the Discovery Channel[citation needed]
Named an honorary member of the Demosthenian Literary Society on November 10, 2011
New Jersey Hall of Fame—2009—Inductee.[138]
Committee for Skeptical Inquiry (CSI) Pantheon of Skeptics—April 2011—Inductee[b][140]


Publications[edit]


Sagan, Carl; Leonard, Jonathan Norton (1966). Planets. Life Science Library. Editors of Life. New York: Time Inc. LCCN 66022436. OCLC 346361. 
——; Shklovskii, I.S. (1966) [Originally published 1962 as Вселенная, жизнь, разум; Moscow: USSR Academy of Sciences Publisher]. Intelligent Life in the Universe. Authorized translation by Paula Fern. San Francisco: Holden-Day, Inc. LCCN 64018404. OCLC 317314. 
——; Page, Thornton, eds. (1972). UFO's: A Scientific Debate. Ithaca, NY: Cornell University Press. ISBN 0-801-40740-0. LCCN 72004572. OCLC 415373. 
——, ed. (1973). Communication with Extraterrestrial Intelligence (CETI). Cambridge, MA: MIT Press. ISBN 0-262-19106-7. LCCN 73013999. OCLC 700752. 
——; Bradbury, Ray; Clarke, Arthur C.; et al. (1973). Mars and the Mind of Man (1st ed.). New York: Harper & Row. ISBN 0-060-10443-0. LCCN 72009746. OCLC 613541. 
—— (1973). The Cosmic Connection: An Extraterrestrial Perspective. Produced by Jerome Agel (1st ed.). Garden City, NY: Anchor Press. ISBN 0-385-00457-5. LCCN 73081117. OCLC 756158. 
—— (1975). Other Worlds. Produced by Jerome Agel. Toronto, NY: Bantam Books. ISBN 0-552-66439-1. OCLC 3029556. 
—— (1977). The Dragons of Eden: Speculations on the Evolution of Human Intelligence (1st ed.). New York: Random House. ISBN 0-394-41045-9. LCCN 76053472. OCLC 2922889. 
——; Drake, F. D.; Lomberg, Jon; et al. (1978). Murmurs of Earth: The Voyager Interstellar Record (1st ed.). New York: Random House. ISBN 0-394-41047-5. LCCN 77005991. OCLC 4037611. 
—— (1979). Broca's Brain: Reflections on the Romance of Science (1st ed.). New York: Random House. ISBN 0-394-50169-1. LCCN 78021810. OCLC 4493944. 
—— (1980). Cosmos (1st ed.). New York: Random House. ISBN 0-394-50294-9. LCCN 80005286. OCLC 6280573. 
——; Ehrlich, Paul R.; Kennedy, Donald; et al. (1984). The Cold and the Dark: The World after Nuclear War: The Conference on the Long-Term Worldwide Biological Consequences of Nuclear War. Foreword by Lewis Thomas (1st ed.). New York: W. W. Norton & Company. ISBN 0-393-01870-9. LCCN 84006070. OCLC 10697281. 
——; Druyan, Ann (1985). Comet (1st ed.). New York: Random House. ISBN 0-394-54908-2. LCCN 85008308. OCLC 811602694. 
—— (1985). Contact: A Novel. New York: Simon & Schuster. ISBN 0-671-43400-4. LCCN 85014645. OCLC 12344811. 
——; Turco, Richard (1990). A Path Where No Man Thought: Nuclear Winter and the End of the Arms Race (1st ed.). New York: Random House. ISBN 0-394-58307-8. LCCN 89043155. OCLC 20217496. 
——; Druyan, Ann (1992). Shadows of Forgotten Ancestors: A Search for Who We Are (1st ed.). New York: Random House. ISBN 0-394-53481-6. LCCN 92050155. OCLC 25675747. 
Sagan, Carl; Turco, Richard P. (November 1993). "Nuclear Winter in the Post-Cold War Era". Journal of Peace Research. Sage Publications, Ltd. 30 (4): 369–373. Retrieved 9 June 2017. 
—— (1994). Pale Blue Dot: A Vision of the Human Future in Space (1st ed.). New York: Random House. ISBN 0-679-43841-6. LCCN 94018121. OCLC 30736355. 
—— (1995). The Demon-Haunted World: Science as a Candle in the Dark (1st ed.). New York: Random House. ISBN 0-394-53512-X. LCCN 95034076. OCLC 779687822.  (Note: errata slip inserted.)
——; Druyan, Ann (1997). Billions and Billions: Thoughts on Life and Death at the Brink of the Millennium (1st ed.). New York: Random House. ISBN 0-679-41160-7. LCCN 96052730. OCLC 36066119. 
—— (2006) [Edited from 1985 Gifford Lectures, University of Glasgow]. Druyan, Ann, ed. The Varieties of Scientific Experience: A Personal View of the Search for God. New York: Penguin Press. ISBN 1-59420-107-2. LCCN 2006044827. OCLC 69021064. 


See also[edit]

List of peace activists
Sagan effect
Neil deGrasse Tyson

Notes[edit]



^ Richard Feynman, a precursor to Sagan, was observed to have used the phrase "billions and billions" many times in his "red books". However, Sagan's frequent use of the word billions, and distinctive delivery emphasizing the "b" (which he did intentionally, in place of more cumbersome alternatives such as "billions with a 'b'", in order to distinguish the word from "millions"),[46] made him a favorite target of comic performers, including Johnny Carson,[49] Gary Kroeger, Mike Myers, Bronson Pinchot, Penn Jillette, Harry Shearer, and others. Frank Zappa satirized the line in the song "Be in My Video", noting as well "atomic light". Sagan took this all in good humor, and his final book was entitled Billions and Billions, which opened with a tongue-in-cheek discussion of this catchphrase, observing that Carson was an amateur astronomer and that Carson's comic caricature often included real science.[46]
^ CSI was formerly CSICOP, the Committee for the Scientific Investigation of Claims of the Paranormal.[139]



References[edit]


^ a b Sagan, Carl; Head, Tom (2006). Conversations with Carl Sagan (illustrated ed.). Univ. Press of Mississippi. p. 14. ISBN 978-1-57806-736-7.  Extract of page 14
^ a b "StarChild: Dr. Carl Sagan". StarChild. NASA. Retrieved October 8, 2009. 
^ The Seth MacFarlane Collection of the Carl Sagan and Ann Druyan Archive: A Finding Aid to the Collection in the Library of Congress (PDF). Manuscript Division, Library of Congress. 2013. 
^ Lowensohn, Josh (February 4, 2014). "Massive Carl Sagan archive posted by Library of Congress". The Verge. Retrieved 16 January 2016. 
^ a b Poundstone 1999, pp. 363–364, 374–375
^ "Carl Sagan". Internet Accuracy Project. Grandville, MI: Internet Accuracy Project. Retrieved August 22, 2012. 
^ a b c d e f g h i j k l m n o p q r s t u v Davidson 1999
^ a b c Spangenburg & Moser 2004, pp. 2–5
^ a b c "American National Biography Online, Carl Sagan". 
^ a b c Poundstone 1999, p. 15
^ a b Poundstone 1999, p. 14
^ "Ryerson Astronomical Society". Ryerson Astronomical Society (RAS). University of Chicago Department of Astronomy and Astrophysics. Retrieved August 22, 2012. 
^ Sagan, Carl (June 1960), Physical Studies of the Planets (dissertation), University of Chicago, p. ii, A thesis in four parts submitted in partial fulfillment of the requirements for the degree of Doctor of Philosophy in the Department of Astronomy, University of Chicago, June, 1960. 
^ "Graduate students receive first Sagan teaching awards". University of Chicago Chronicle. University of Chicago News Office. 13 (6). November 11, 1993. Retrieved August 30, 2013. 
^ Head 2006, p. xxi
^ Spangenburg & Moser 2004, p. 28
^ Tatarewicz, Joseph N. (1990), Space Technology & Planetary Astronomy, Science, technology, and society, Bloomington, IN: Indiana University Press, p. 22, ISBN 0-253-35655-5 
^ Lunar Exploration, by Paolo Ulivi (2004)
^ a b c d e f Morrison, David (January–February 2007). "Carl Sagan's Life and Legacy as Scientist, Teacher, and Skeptic". Skeptical Inquirer. Amherst, NY: Committee for Skeptical Inquiry. 31.1: 29–38. ISSN 0194-6730. Retrieved August 31, 2013. 
^ Reiffel, Leonard (4 May 2000). "Sagan breached security by revealing US work on a lunar bomb project". Nature. 405 (13): Correspondence. doi:10.1038/35011148. 
^ "Happy (Belated) Birthday Carl!". University of California, Berkeley The Berkeley Science Review. Retrieved December 1, 2013. 
^ a b Davidson, Keay (1999). Carl Sagan:A life. John Wiley & Sons. p. 138. ISBN 0-471-25286-7. 
^ Davidson, Keay (1999). Carl Sagan:A life. John Wiley & Sons. p. 204. ISBN 0-471-25286-7. 
^ Sagan, Carl. Demon-Haunted World: Science as a Candle in the Dark, Balantine Books (1996) p. 25
^ Davidson, Keay (1999). Carl Sagan:A life. John Wiley & Sons. p. 213. ISBN 0-471-25286-7. 
^ Sagan, Carl; Head, Tom (2006). Conversations with Carl Sagan (illustrated ed.). Univ. Press of Mississippi. p. xxi. ISBN 978-1-57806-736-7.  Extract of page xxi
^ a b Sagan, Carl (January 5, 1995). "An Interview with Carl Sagan". Charlie Rose (Interview). New York: PBS. Retrieved August 30, 2013. 
^ Pierrehumbert, Raymond T. (2010). Principles of Planetary Climate. Cambridge University Press. p. 202. ISBN 978-1-139-49506-6.  Extract of page 202
^ Much of Sagan's research in the field of planetary science is outlined by William Poundstone. Poundstone's biography of Sagan includes an 8-page list of Sagan's scientific articles published from 1957 to 1998. Detailed information about Sagan's scientific work comes from the primary research articles. Example: Sagan, C.; Thompson, W.R.; Khare, B.N. (1992). "Titan: A Laboratory for Prebiological Organic Chemistry". Accounts of Chemical Research. Washington, D.C.: American Chemical Society. 25 (7): 286–292. doi:10.1021/ar00019a003.  There is commentary on this research article about Titan at David J. Darling's The Encyclopedia of Science.
^ Pafumi, G.R. (2010). Is Our Vision of God Obsolete?: Often What We Believe is not What We Observe. Bloomington, IN: Xlibris. p. 338. ISBN 978-1-4415-9041-1. OCLC 710798384. Retrieved August 30, 2013. 
^ Sagan, Carl (1985) [Originally published 1980]. Cosmos (1st Ballantine Books ed.). New York: Ballantine Books. ISBN 0-345-33135-4. LCCN 80005286. OCLC 12814276. 
^ "Sagan, Carl Edward". Columbia Encyclopedia (Sixth ed.). New York: Columbia University Press. May 2001. Archived from the original on October 11, 2007. Retrieved August 30, 2013. 
^ No Writer Attributed (1963-08-21). "Sagan Synthesizes ATP In Laboratory". The Harvard Crimson. Retrieved 2015-09-12. 
^ "Carl Sagan". Pasadena, CA: The Planetary Society. Retrieved August 30, 2013. 
^ Benford, Gregory (1997). "A Tribute to Carl Sagan: Popular & Pilloried". Skeptic. The Skeptics Society. 13 (1). 
^ Shermer, Michael. "Candle in the Dark". The Works of Michael Shermer. Michael Shermer. Retrieved March 10, 2013.  Article originally published in November 2003 issue of Scientific American.
^ Impey, Chris (January–February 2000). "Carl Sagan, Carl Sagan: Biographies Echo an Extraordinary Life". American Scientist (Book review). Sigma Xi. 88 (1). ISSN 0003-0996. Retrieved March 10, 2013. 
^ "Carl Sagan". EMuseum. Minnesota State University, Mankato. Archived from the original on May 28, 2010. Retrieved August 30, 2013. 
^ "CosmoLearning Astronomy". CosmoLearning. Retrieved October 8, 2009. 
^ Vergano, Dan (March 16, 2014). "Who Was Carl Sagan?". National Geographic Daily News. Washington, D.C.: National Geographic Society. Retrieved May 13, 2014. 
^ a b Browne, Ray Broadus. The Guide to United States Popular Culture, Popular Press (2001) p. 704
^ a b c "Cosmos". Academy of Television Arts & Sciences. Retrieved September 4, 2013. 
^ Popular Science, Oct. 2005, p. 90
^ Golden, Frederic (October 20, 1980). "The Cosmic Explainer". Time. Retrieved August 30, 2013. 
^ "Carl Sagan on the Tonight Show with Johnny Carson, 1980"
^ a b c Sagan & Druyan 1997, pp. 3–4
^ Shapiro, Fred R., ed. (2006). The Yale Book of Quotations. Foreword by Joseph Epstein. New Haven, CT: Yale University Press. p. 660. ISBN 978-0-300-10798-2. LCCN 2006012317. OCLC 66527213. 
^ Johnny Carson parodies Carl Sagan
^ Frazier, Kendrick, ed. (July–August 2005). "Carl Sagan Takes Questions: More From His 'Wonder and Skepticism' CSICOP 1994 Keynote". Skeptical Inquirer. Amherst, NY: The Committee for Skeptical Inquiry. 29.4. Retrieved March 25, 2010. 
^ "Sagan". Dictionary.com Unabridged. Random House. Retrieved August 31, 2013.  Jargon File 4.2.0.
^ Safire, William (April 17, 1994). "Footprints on the Infobahn". The New York Times. Retrieved August 31, 2013. 
^ Gresshoff, P.M. (2004). "Scheel D. and Wasternack C.(eds) Plant Signal Transduction" (PDF). Annals of Botany (Book review). Oxford University Press. 93 (6): 783–784. doi:10.1093/aob/mch102. Retrieved August 31, 2013. 
^ "Christmas Lectures 1977: The Planets : Ri Channel". Ri Channel. London: Royal Institution of Great Britain. Retrieved February 7, 2012. 
^ Turco, R.P.; Toon, O.B.; Ackerman, T.P.; Pollack, J.B.; Sagan, C. (January 12, 1990). "Climate and smoke: an appraisal of nuclear winter". Science. Washington, D.C.: American Association for the Advancement of Science. 247 (4939): 166–176. doi:10.2307/2873486. Retrieved August 31, 2013.  JSTOR link to full text article. Carl Sagan discussed his involvement in the political nuclear winter debates and his erroneous global cooling prediction for the Gulf War fires in his book, The Demon-Haunted World.
^ "Answers - The Most Trusted Place for Answering Life's Questions". Answers.com. 
^ a b The U.S. National Security State and Scientists’Challenge to Nuclear Weapons during the Cold War. Paul Harold Rubinson 2008.
^ "Meet Carl Sagan". The Science Channel. Discovery Communications. Archived from the original on May 18, 2007. Retrieved August 31, 2013. 
^ Sagan, Carl. Recorded lecture at Cornell in 1994, from Pale Blue Dot: A Vision of the Human Future in Space, Ballantine Books (reprint) (1997) p. 88
^ "PAGE 1 OF 2: Burning oil wells could be disaster, Sagan says January 23, 1991". 
^ Wilmington morning Star January 21’st, 1991
^ Hirschmann, Kris. "The Kuwaiti Oil Fires". Facts on File. 
^ "FIRST ISRAELI SCUD FATALITIES OIL FIRES IN KUWAIT". Nightline. yes. 1991-01-22. ABC. 
^ Sagan 1995, p. 257
^ Head 2006, p. 86–87
^ a b c Sagan, Carl; Ostro, Steven J. (Summer 1994). "Long-Range Consequences Of Interplanetary Collisions" (PDF). Issues in Science and Technology. Washington, D.C.: National Academy of Sciences. 10 (4): 67–72. Bibcode:1994IST....10...67S. ISSN 0748-5492. Retrieved August 31, 2013. 
^ a b "Chapter 18. The Marsh of Camarina - Pale Blue Dot: A Vision of the Human Future in Space". e-reading.club. 
^ Morrison, David (October 3, 2007). "Taking a Hit: Asteroid Impacts & Evolution". Astronomical Society of the Pacific (Podcast). Astronomical Society of the Pacific. Retrieved August 31, 2013. 
^ Gault, Matthew (28 November 2013). "When Earth Dreamed of Nuking the Moon". medium.com. War is Boring. Retrieved 28 November 2013. 
^ Sagan, Carl (writer/host) (November 9, 1980). "The Backbone of Night". Cosmos: A Personal Voyage. Episode 7. PBS. 
^ Dicke, William (December 21, 1996). "Carl Sagan, an Astronomer Who Excelled at Popularizing Science, Is Dead at 62". The New York Times. Retrieved August 31, 2013. 
^ Davidson, p. 202
^ Davidson, p. 227
^ Davidson, p. 341
^ a b c d e Davidson, p. 203
^ Davidson, p. 204
^ a b Davidson, p. 297
^ Druyan, Ann (November 2000). "A New Sense of the Sacred Carl Sagan's 'Cosmic Connection'". The Humanist. Washington, D.C.: American Humanist Association. 60 (6). Retrieved August 29, 2013. 
^ How to Reduce the Risk of Nuclear Warfare: Carl Sagan on Space Exploration (1986). Press Club.
^ Spangenburg & Moser 2004, p. 106
^ Morris, Julian (2000). Rethinking Risk and the Precautionary Principle. Butterworth-Heinemann. p. 116. ISBN 978-0-08-051623-3.  Extract of page 116
^ Women On War, Daniela Gioseffi.
^ Brewster, Melanie E. (2014). Atheists in America (reprinted ed.). Columbia University Press. p. 102. ISBN 978-0-231-53700-1.  Extract of page 102
^ Maggio, Rosalie. How They Said it, Prentice-Hall Press (2000) p. 20
^ Photo of Asimov and Sagan
^ Dear Uncle Ezra, archived from the original on 2013-06-06, retrieved 2016-08-16 
^ Asimov, Isaac (1981) [Originally published 1980; Garden City, NY: Doubleday]. In Joy Still Felt: The Autobiography of Isaac Asimov, 1954–1978. New York: Avon. pp. 217, 302. ISBN 0-380-53025-2. LCCN 79003685. OCLC 7880716. 
^ Sagan, Carl (1980) [Originally published 1979]. Broca's Brain: Reflections on the Romance of Science (Reprint ed.). New York: Ballantine Books. p. 330. ISBN 0-345-33689-5. LCCN 78021810. OCLC 428008204. 
^ "Quotes on Religion – Carl Sagan". Atheism.about.com. IAC. Retrieved March 10, 2013. 
^ Head 2006, p. 70
^ Schei, Kenneth A. (1996). An Atheist for Jesus. Synthesis. ISBN 0-926491-01-6. 
^ Sagan, Carl; Druyan, Ann (1997). The Demon-Haunted World: Science as a Candle in the Dark. Ballantine Books ISBN 0345409469
^ Head, Tom (1997). "Conversations with Carl". Skeptic. The Skeptics Society. 13 (1): 32–38.  Excerpted in Head 2006
^ Sagan, Carl (1997) [Originally published 1995]. The Demon-Haunted World: Science as a Candle in the Dark (1st Ballantine Books ed.). New York: Ballantine Books. p. 278. ISBN 0-345-40946-9. LCCN 95034076. OCLC 36504316. 
^ Tracy, David (1990). "Kenosis, Sunyata, and Trinity: A Dialogue with Masao Abe". In Cobb, John B., Jr.; Ives, Christopher. The Emptying God: A Buddhist-Jewish-Christian Conversation. Faith Meets Faith Series. Essays by Masao Abe. Maryknoll, NY: Orbis Books. p. 52. ISBN 0-883-44670-7. LCCN 90031442. OCLC 318355646. [page verification needed]
^ edited by Lynn Margulis, Dorion Sagan (2007). Dazzle Gradually: Reflections on the Nature of Nature. Chelsea Green Publishing. p. 14. ISBN 1933392312. CS1 maint: Extra text: authors list (link)
^ Druyan, Ann (November–December 2003). "Ann Druyan Talks About Science, Religion, Wonder, Awe ... and Carl Sagan". Skeptical Inquirer. Amherst, NY: Committee for Skeptical Inquiry. 27.6. ISSN 0194-6730. Retrieved July 27, 2010. 
^ Sagan, Carl (writer/host) (December 14, 1980). "Encyclopaedia Galactica". Cosmos: A Personal Voyage. Episode 12. 01:24 minutes in. PBS. 
^ Rawson, Hugh (2008). "Sagan's Standard". The Unwritten Laws of Life. CSBC Ltd. Archived from the original on January 12, 2012. Retrieved September 1, 2013. 
^ Truzzi, Marcello (1978). "On the Extraordinary: An Attempt at Clarification" (PDF). Zetetic Scholar. 1 (1): 11. 
^ Truzzi, Marcello (1998). Binkowski, Edward, ed. "On Some Unfair Practices towards Claims of the Paranormal". Oxymoron: Annual Thematic Anthology of the Arts and Sciences. New York: Oxymoron Media, Inc. 2: The Fringe. ISSN 1090-2236. OCLC 35240974. Retrieved September 1, 2013. 
^ Flournoy, Théodore (1983) [Originally published 1899; Geneva: Édition Atar]. Des Indes à la Planète Mars: Étude sur un cas de Somnambulisme avec Glossolalie [From India to the Planet Mars: A Study of a Case of Somnambulism with Glossolalia] (in French). Introduction by Hélène Boursinhac; translation by Daniel B. Vermilye (Reprint ed.). Geneva: Éditions Slatkine. pp. 344–345. ISBN 2-05-100499-4. OCLC 11558608. 
^ Sagan 1980 (1985 ed.), p. 108
^ Grinspoon, Lester (1994) [2nd ed. published 1977; Cambridge, MA: Harvard University Press]. Marihuana Reconsidered. New introduction by author (2nd (reprint) ed.). Oakland, CA: Quick American Archives. ISBN 0-932551-13-0. LCCN 77076767. OCLC 32410025. 
^ Sagan, Carl. "Mr. X". Marijuana-Uses.com. Retrieved August 7, 2009. 
^ Whitehouse, David (October 15, 1999). "Carl Sagan: A life in the cosmos". BBC News. BBC. Retrieved August 30, 2013. 
^ Davidson, Keay (August 22, 1999). "Billions and Billions of '60s Flashbacks". The San Francisco Examiner. Retrieved May 2, 2007. 
^ Larsen, Dana (November 1, 1999). "Carl Sagan: toking astronomer". Cannabis Culture. Vancouver, B.C. Retrieved May 2, 2007. 
^ "Foundation Board of Directors". NORML.org. Washington, D.C.: NORML and the NORML Foundation. August 13, 2010. Archived from the original on January 4, 2011. Retrieved September 2, 2013. 
^ "Ann Druyan". NORML.org. Washington, D.C.: NORML and the NORML Foundation. Retrieved July 20, 2011. 
^ a b Poundstone 1999, p. 364
^ a b Linzmayer, Owen; Chaffin, Bryan (November 15, 2004). "This Week in Apple History: November 14–20: McIntosh, IIe Killed, Butt-Head Astronomer". The Mac Observer. The Mac Observer, Inc. Retrieved July 23, 2012. 
^ Sagan v. Apple Computer, Inc., 874 F.Supp. 1072 (USDC C.D. Cal. 1994), CV 94-2180 LGB (BRx); 1994 U.S. Dist. LEXIS 20154.
^ a b Poundstone 1999, p. 374
^ Poundstone 1999, pp. 374–375
^ Sagan, Carl (2000) [Originally published 1973]. "'Hello, Central Casting? Send Me Twenty Extraterrestrials'". Carl Sagan's Cosmic Connection: An Extraterrestrial Perspective. Produced by Jerome Agel; new contributions by Freeman Dyson, Ann Druyan, and David Morrison (2nd ed.). Cambridge; New York: Cambridge University Press. p. 183. ISBN 0-521-78303-8. LCCN 00020378. OCLC 460747781. 
^ a b Westrum, Ron (2000). "Limited Access: Six Natural Scientists and the UFO Phenomenon". In Jacobs, David M. UFOs and Abductions: Challenging the Borders of Knowledge. Lawrence, KS: University Press of Kansas. pp. 31–55. ISBN 0-7006-1032-4. LCCN 00028970. OCLC 43615835. 
^ Appelle, Stuart (2000). "Ufology and Academia: The UFO Phenomenon as a Scholarly Discipline". In Jacobs, David M. UFOs and Abductions: Challenging the Borders of Knowledge. Lawrence, KS: University Press of Kansas. pp. 7–30. ISBN 0-7006-1032-4. LCCN 00028970. OCLC 43615835. 
^ Sagan 1995, pp. 81–96, 99–104
^ David Jacobs "The UFO Controversy In America" (1987), p.122-124
^ Quarles, Norma (December 20, 1996). "Carl Sagan dies at 62". CNN. Retrieved December 5, 2011. Sagan was a noted astronomer whose lifelong passion was searching for intelligent life in the cosmos. 
^ Carl Sagan at Find a Grave
^ "Sagan Planet Walk". sciencenter.org. Ithaca, NY: Sciencenter. Retrieved March 10, 2013. 
^ "Sagan Award for Public Understanding of Science". Council of Scientific Society Presidents. Archived from the original on July 26, 2007. Retrieved May 2, 2007. 
^ "The 2007 IIG Awards". IIG. Los Angeles: Independent Investigations Group. August 18, 2007. Retrieved July 1, 2011. 
^ Boswell, John (November 9, 2009). A Glorious Dawn (7-in (17.5 cm) gramophone record). Nashville, TN: Third Man Records. Retrieved September 3, 2013. 
^ D'Orazio, Dante (30 November 2014). "Wonderful short film imagines the day when we conquer the solar system". The Verge. Retrieved 19 February 2016. 
^ David, Leonard (1 December 2014). "Epic Short Film 'Wanderers' Envisions Humanity's Future in Space". Space.com. Retrieved 21 February 2016. 
^ "Latest News - Nightwish – The Official Website". nightwish.com. 
^ "WARNER BROS. HEADS TO THE COSMOS WITH CARL SAGAN BIOPIC", Tracking Board, August 17, 2015
^ "From the AHA archives: Carl Sagan's 1981 Humanist of the year speech". americanhumanist.org. Retrieved 25 December 2014. 
^ "American Philosophical Society Member History". Philadelphia, PA: American Philosophical Society. Retrieved September 3, 2013. 
^ Shore, Lys Ann (1987). "Controversies in Science and Fringe Science: From Animals and SETI to Quackery and SHC". The Skeptical Inquirer. 12 (1): 12–13. 
^ Karr, Barry (1994). "Five Honored with CSICOP Awards". Skeptical Inquirer. 18 (5): 461–462. 
^ "John F. Kennedy Astronautics Award". Springfield, VA: American Astronautical Society. Retrieved September 3, 2013. 
^ "The John W. Campbell Memorial Award". Lawrence, KS: Center for the Study of Science Fiction. Retrieved September 3, 2013. 
^ "Carl Sagan - 1975". The Joseph Priestley Award. Dickinson University. Retrieved 1 February 2017. 
^ "Public Welfare Medal". Washington, D.C.: National Academy of Sciences. Retrieved February 18, 2011. 
^ Mascarenhas, Rohan (May 3, 2009). "2009 New Jersey Hall of Fame inductees welcomed at NJPAC". The Star-Ledger. Newark, NJ: Advance Publications. Retrieved September 3, 2013. 
^ "CSICOP becomes CSI after thirty years". Committee for Skeptical Inquiry. Committee for Skeptical Inquiry. 20 November 2006. Archived from the original on 15 August 2009. 
^ "The Pantheon of Skeptics". CSI. Committee for Skeptical Inquiry. Archived from the original on 31 January 2017. Retrieved 30 April 2017. 


Further reading[edit]


Terzian, Yervant; Bilson, Elizabeth, eds. (1997). Carl Sagan's Universe. Cambridge; New York: Cambridge University Press. ISBN 0-521-57603-2. LCCN 96040511. OCLC 36130681. 
Achenbach, Joel (1999). Captured by Aliens: The Search for Life and Truth in a Very Large Universe. New York: Simon & Schuster. ISBN 0-684-84856-2. LCCN 99037592. OCLC 41606346. 
Davidson, Keay (1999). Carl Sagan: A Life. New York: John Wiley & Sons. ISBN 0-471-25286-7. LCCN 99036206. OCLC 41580617. 
Poundstone, William (1999). Carl Sagan: A Life in the Cosmos. New York: Henry Holt and Company. ISBN 0-8050-5766-8. LCCN 99014615. OCLC 40979822. 
Spangenburg, Ray; Moser, Kit (2004). Carl Sagan: A Biography. Westport, CT: Greenwood Publishing Group. ISBN 0-313-32265-1. LCCN 2004015176. OCLC 55846272. 
Head, Tom, ed. (2006). Conversations with Carl Sagan (1st ed.). Jackson, MS: University Press of Mississippi. ISBN 1-57806-736-7. LCCN 2005048747. OCLC 60375648. 
Morrison, David (2006). "Carl Sagan: The People's Astronomer". AmeriQuests. Nashville, TN: Vanderbilt University. 3 (2). ISSN 1553-4316. Retrieved August 30, 2013. 


External links[edit]

Find more aboutCarl Saganat Wikipedia's sister projects

Definitions from Wiktionary
Media from Commons
Quotations from Wikiquote
Texts from Wikisource



The Carl Sagan Portal
Carl Sagan (1934-1996) Biographical memories
Sagan interviewed by Ted Turner, CNN, 1989, video: 44 minutes.
BBC Radio program "Great Lives" on Carl Sagan's life
"A man whose time has come"—Interview with Carl Sagan by Ian Ridpath, New Scientist, July 4, 1974
Carl Sagan on IMDb
Works by or about Carl Sagan in libraries (WorldCat catalog)
"Carl Sagan's Life and Legacy as Scientist, Teacher, and Skeptic", by David Morrison, Committee for Skeptical Inquiry
"A Tribute to Carl Sagan: Our Place in the Universe", by Bill Nye, The Skeptics Society
FBI Records: The Vault - Carl Sagan at fbi.gov
"NASA Technical Reports Server (NTRS) 19630011050: Direct Contact Among Galactic Civilizations by Relativistic Interstellar Spaceflight", Carl Sagan, when he was at Stanford University, in 1962, produced a controversial paper funded by a NASA research grant that concludes ancient alien intervention may have sparked human civilization.







v
t
e


Carl Sagan



Scientific career



Pioneer plaque
Faint young Sun paradox
Cosmic Calendar
Voyager Golden Record (Contents)
Voyager Family Portrait

Pale Blue Dot


The Planetary Society
Search for extraterrestrial intelligence (SETI)








Books





Science




Mars and the Mind of Man (1971)
The Cosmic Connection: An Extraterrestrial Perspective (1973)
The Dragons of Eden: Speculations on the Evolution of Human Intelligence (1977)
Murmurs of Earth: The Voyager Interstellar Record (1978)
Broca's Brain: Reflections on the Romance of Science (1979)
Cosmos (1980)
The Nuclear Winter: The World After Nuclear War (1983)
The Cold and the Dark: The World after Nuclear War (1984)
Comet (1985)
A Path Where No Man Thought: Nuclear Winter and the End of the Arms Race (1990)
Shadows of Forgotten Ancestors: A Search for Who We Are (1993)
Pale Blue Dot: A Vision of the Human Future in Space (1994)
The Demon-Haunted World: Science as a Candle in the Dark (1995)
Billions and Billions: Thoughts on Life and Death at the Brink of the Millennium (1997)
The Varieties of Scientific Experience: A Personal View of the Search for God (2006)






Fiction




Contact (1985)








Media



Cosmos: A Personal Voyage (1980 TV series)
Contact (1997 film)
Cosmos: A Spacetime Odyssey (2014 TV series)
Wanderers (2014 film narration)





Family



Lynn Margulis (first wife)
Dorion Sagan (son)
Jeremy Sagan (son)
Linda Salzman Sagan (second wife)
Nick Sagan (son)
Ann Druyan (third wife)





Sagan Prizes



Carl Sagan Memorial Award
Carl Sagan Medal
Carl Sagan Award for Public Understanding of Science





Recognition



Carl Sagan Institute
Sagan Planet Walk
Carl Sagan Memorial Station
2709 Sagan
Pale Blue Dot: A Tribute to Carl Sagan
Symphony of Science
The Sagan series





Other



Quotes
Sagan's number
900 Stewart Avenue












v
t
e


Pulitzer Prize for General Nonfiction (1976–2000)






Why Survive? Being Old in America by Robert Neil Butler (1976)
Beautiful Swimmers by William W. Warner (1977)
The Dragons of Eden by Carl Sagan (1978)
On Human Nature by Edward O. Wilson (1979)
Gödel, Escher, Bach: an Eternal Golden Braid by Douglas Hofstadter (1980)
Fin-de-siècle Vienna by Carl E. Schorske (1981)
The Soul of a New Machine by Tracy Kidder (1982)
Is There No Place on Earth for Me? by Susan Sheehan (1983)
The Social Transformation of American Medicine by Paul Starr (1984)
The Good War by Studs Terkel (1985)
Common Ground: A Turbulent Decade in the Lives of Three American Families by J. Anthony Lukas / Move Your Shadow by Joseph Lelyveld (1986)
Arab and Jew: Wounded Spirits in a Promised Land by David K. Shipler (1987)
The Making of the Atomic Bomb by Richard Rhodes (1988)
A Bright Shining Lie by Neil Sheehan (1989)
And Their Children After Them by Dale Maharidge and Michael Williamson (1990)
The Ants by Bert Hölldobler and Edward O. Wilson (1991)
The Prize: The Epic Quest for Oil, Money, and Power by Daniel Yergin (1992)
Lincoln at Gettysburg: The Words That Remade America by Garry Wills (1993)
Lenin's Tomb: The Last Days of the Soviet Empire by David Remnick (1994)
The Beak of the Finch: A Story Of Evolution In Our Time by Jonathan Weiner (1995)
The Haunted Land: Facing Europe's Ghosts After Communism by Tina Rosenberg (1996)
Ashes to Ashes: America's Hundred-Year Cigarette War, the Public Health, and the Unabashed Triumph of Philip Morris by Richard Kluger (1997)
Guns, Germs, and Steel: The Fates of Human Societies by Jared Diamond (1998)
Annals of the Former World by John McPhee (1999)
Embracing Defeat by John W. Dower (2000)








Complete list
(1962–1975)
(1976–2000)
(2001–2025)












v
t
e


The Planetary Society



Projects



Cosmos 1
Living Interplanetary Flight Experiment
LightSail 2





Programs



Planetary Radio (guests)
Planetary Report





People



Louis Friedman
Carl Sagan
Bruce C. Murray
Bill Nye
Wesley Huntress
Mat Kaplan












v
t
e


Criticism of religion



By religion



Buddhism
Christianity

Catholic

Opus Dei


Jehovah's Witnesses
Latter Day Saint movement
Protestantism
Seventh-day Adventist
Unification Church
Westboro Baptist Church


Hinduism
Islam

Islamism
Twelver Shi’ism
Wahhabism


Jainism
Judaism
Monotheism
New religious movement
Scientology
Sikhism
Yazdânism
Zoroastrianism





Religious texts



Bible
Quran
Hadiths
Mormon sacred texts

Book of Mormon


Talmud





Religious figures



Aisha
Charles Taze Russell
Ellen White
Jesus
Moses
Muhammad
Mirza Ghulam Ahmad
Saul





Religion and violence



Buddhism
Christianity

Mormonism


Judaism
Islam
Terrorism

Christian
Hindu
Islamic
Jewish


Persecution

Christian thought on persecution and tolerance


War

In Islam
In Judaism


Sectarian violence
By country

India

Anti-Christian violence
In Odisha


Nigeria
Pakistan







Books



Atheist Manifesto
Breaking the Spell: Religion as a Natural Phenomenon
Christianity Unveiled
God in the Age of Science?
God Is Not Great
God: The Failed Hypothesis
Letter to a Christian Nation
The Age of Reason
The Blind Watchmaker
The Caged Virgin
The End of Faith
The God Delusion
The Rage Against God
Why I Am Not a Christian
Why I Am Not a Muslim





Movements



Agnosticism
Antitheism
Atheism
Criticism of atheism
Cārvāka
New Atheism
Nontheistic religions
Parody religion









Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 36997809
LCCN: n79064998
ISNI: 0000 0001 2128 2295
GND: 115873937
SELIBR: 266983
SUDOC: 032799128
BNF: cb12375841d (data)
MusicBrainz: 5d63a48c-16fc-4515-be15-c97bf0b3e396
NLA: 35471465
NDL: 00455136
NKC: jn19990007295
BNE: XX989452










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Carl_Sagan&oldid=791744368"					
Categories: Carl Sagan1934 births1996 deaths20th-century American writers20th-century American novelistsFellows at the University of California, BerkeleyAmerican agnosticsCritics of religionsAmerican activistsAmerican anti–nuclear weapons activistsAmerican anti–Vietnam War activistsAmerican astronomersAmerican cannabis activistsAmerican humanistsAmerican naturalistsAmerican nature writersAmerican pacifistsAmerican people of Russian-Jewish descentAmerican science fiction writersAmerican science writersAmerican skepticsAmerican UFO writersAstrochemistryAstrophysicsCosmologistsCornell University facultyDeaths from pneumoniaHarvard University peopleInfectious disease deaths in Washington (state)Jewish American scientistsJewish skepticsCritics of alternative medicineJewish activistsJewish agnosticsWriters from BrooklynPantheistsPlanetary scientistsPulitzer Prize for General Non-Fiction winnersRahway High School alumniScience communicatorsSearch for extraterrestrial intelligenceInterstellar messagesSpace advocatesUniversity of Chicago alumniNational Academy of Sciences laureatesPresidents of The Planetary SocietyFellows of the Committee for Skeptical InquiryPeople associated with the American Museum of Natural HistoryMembers of the American Philosophical SocietySagan familyAmerican male novelistsAstrobiologistsSpinozistsHidden categories: All pages needing factual verificationWikipedia articles needing factual verification from September 2013CS1 maint: Extra text: authors listCS1 French-language sources (fr)Find a Grave template with ID same as WikidataUse mdy dates from July 2013Wikipedia articles needing clarification from October 2014Wikipedia articles needing clarification from March 2016All articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from September 2013Wikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with LCCN identifiersWikipedia articles with ISNI identifiersWikipedia articles with GND identifiersWikipedia articles with SELIBR identifiersWikipedia articles with BNF identifiersWikipedia articles with MusicBrainz identifiersWikipedia articles with NLA identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia CommonsWikiquoteWikisource 



Languages


Afrikaansالعربيةঅসমীয়াAsturianuAzərbaycancaবাংলাBân-lâm-gúБеларускаяБългарскиBosanskiCatalàČeštinaCymraegDanskDeutschEestiΕλληνικάEspañolEsperantoEuskaraفارسیFrançaisGaeilgeGalego한국어Հայերենहिन्दीHrvatskiIdoBahasa IndonesiaÍslenskaItalianoעבריתBasa Jawaಕನ್ನಡქართულიLatinaLatviešuLëtzebuergeschLietuviųLimburgsMagyarМакедонскиMalagasyമലയാളംमराठीمصرىBaso Minangkabauမြန်မာဘာသာNāhuatlNederlands日本語Norsk bokmålNorsk nynorskOccitanਪੰਜਾਬੀپنجابیPolskiPortuguêsRomânăRuna SimiРусскийScotsShqipSimple EnglishSlovenčinaSlovenščinaکوردیСрпски / srpskiSrpskohrvatski / српскохрватскиSuomiSvenskaTagalogதமிழ்తెలుగుไทยTürkçeУкраїнськаاردوTiếng ViệtWinaray中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 22 July 2017, at 06:20.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 







VMware Inc (VMW)  People | Reuters.com


























































X



Edition:

United States


















Africa
América Latina


عربي
Argentina


Brasil
Canada


中国
Deutschland


España
France


India
Italia


日本
México


РОССИЯ
United Kingdom

United States
















VMware Inc (VMW)










Related Topics: 
StocksStock ScreenerMarket DataTechnologyIT Services & Consulting












                
                        Overview
                    



                
                        News
                    



                
                        Key Developments
                    



                
                        People
                    



                
                        Charts
                    



                
                        Financials
                    



                
                        Analysts
                    



                    
                            Research
                        



                    
                            Pulse
                        










				VMW on New York Consolidated


				92.27USD
21 Jul 2017





				    Change	(% chg)


		    
						    $0.00


					            (+0.00%)
					        






Prev Close

$92.27


Open

$92.30




Day's High

$92.47


Day's Low

$91.83




Volume

1,031,710


Avg. Vol

1,511,829




52-wk High

$98.00


52-wk Low

$69.52











					Summary





Name
Age
Since
Current Position




							Michael Dell

52
2016

                                Chairman of the Board




							Patrick Gelsinger

55
2012

                                Chief Executive Officer, Director




							Zane Rowe

46
2016

                                Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President




							Maurizio Carli

58
2016

                                Executive Vice President - Worldwide Sales




							S. Dawn Smith

53
2016

                                Senior Vice President, Secretary, Chief Legal Officer




							Claire Dixon


2017

                                Senior Vice President and Chief Communications Officer




							Sanjay Poonen

47
2016

                                Chief Operating Officer - Customer Operations




							Rangarajan Raghuram

54
2016

                                Chief Operating Officer - Products and Cloud Services




							Rajiv Ramaswami

51
2016

                                Chief Operating Officer - Products and Cloud Services




							Paul Sagan

58
2015

                                Lead Independent Director




							Egon Durban

43
2016

                                Director




							Paul Maritz

62
2012

                                Director




							Anthony Bates

49
2016

                                Independent Director




							Michael Brown

71
2007

                                Independent Director




							Donald Carty

70
2015

                                Independent Director




							Karen Dykstra

58
2016

                                Independent Director




							Sandra Kerrigan




                                Senior Manager- Investor Relations



» Insider Trading





					Biographies





Name
Description




							Michael Dell


					
							Mr. Michael S. Dell serves as Chairman of the Board of the Company. He has served as a director and Chairman of the Board (“Chairman”) of VMware since September 2016 when Dell, a provider of scalable IT systems, acquired EMC, VMware’s parent company (the “Dell Acquisition”). Mr. Dell serves as Chairman and CEO of Dell. Mr. Dell has held the title of Chairman of Dell Inc. since he founded the company in 1984. Mr. Dell also served as CEO of Dell Inc. from 1984 until July 2004 and resumed that role in January 2007. In 1998, Mr. Dell formed MSD Capital, L.P. for the purpose of managing his and his family’s investments, and, in 1999, he and his wife established the Michael & Susan Dell Foundation to provide philanthropic support to a variety of global causes. Mr. Dell also serves as a director and non-executive Chairman of the board of SecureWorks Corp., a majority owned subsidiary of Dell.




							Patrick Gelsinger


					
							Mr. Patrick P. Gelsinger is Chief Executive Officer, Director of the Company. Prior to joining VMware, he served as President and Chief Operating Officer, EMC Information Infrastructure Products at EMC, from September 2009 to August 2012. Mr. Gelsinger joined EMC from Intel Corporation, a designer and manufacturer of advanced integrated digital technology platforms, where he was Senior Vice President and Co-General Manager of Intel Corporation’s Digital Enterprise Group from 2005 to September 2009 and served as Intel’s Senior Vice President, Chief Technology Officer from 2002 to 2005. Prior to this, Mr. Gelsinger led Intel’s Desktop Products Group.




							Zane Rowe


					
							Mr. Zane C. Rowe is Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President of the Company. Prior to joining VMware, he was EMC’s Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer from October 2014 until February 2016. Prior to joining EMC, Mr. Rowe was Vice President of North American Sales of Apple Inc., a technology company that designs, develops, and sells consumer electronics, computer software, online services, and personal computers, from May 2012 until May 2014. He was Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of United Continental Holdings, Inc., an airline holdings company, from October 2010 until April 2012, and was Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Continental Airlines from August 2008 to September 2010. Mr. Rowe joined Continental in 1993. Mr. Rowe currently serves on the boards of Sabre Corporation and Pivotal Software, Inc., an indirect majority-owned subsidiary of VMware’s parent company, Dell Technologies, and in which VMware has an ownership interest.




							Maurizio Carli


					
							Mr. Maurizio Carli is Executive Vice President - Worldwide Sales of the Company. He previously served as VMware’s Corporate Senior Vice President and General Manager, Americas from April 2015 to March 2016, and as Senior Vice President and General Manager, EMEA from December 2008 to April 2015. Before joining VMware, Mr. Carli held executive sales management positions at Google Inc., an internet search and advertising company, where he served as Managing Director, Enterprise Business, EMEA from June 2008 to November 2008; Business Objects S.A., a provider of business intelligence solutions, where he served as Senior Vice President & General Manager, EMEA from December 2002 to December 2007; and at International Business Machines Corporation, a provider of integrated business solutions, where he spent 19 years, from 1984 to 2002, serving in a variety of sales, marketing and leadership positions, including Vice President Software Group from 2000 to 2002 and General Manager and Vice President Tivoli EMEA from 1998 to 2000.




							S. Dawn Smith


					
							Ms. S. Dawn Smith is Senior Vice President, Secretary, Chief Legal Officer of the company. She joined VMware as Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary in September 2009, and she served as Chief Compliance Officer from August 2010 through January 2017. Prior to joining VMware, Ms. Smith was a partner at Morrison & Foerster LLP, a law firm. Prior to joining Morrison & Foerster LLP, she was an attorney at Wilson Sonsini Goodrich & Rosati P.C.




							Claire Dixon


					
							Ms. Claire Dixon has been appointed as Senior Vice President and Chief Communications Officer of the Company, with effective from July 10, 2017. Dixon is a seasoned senior global communications leader with a strong track record of successfully driving change with globally recognized brands. She joins VMware from eBay, where she was vice president, Global Communications, leading global external communications including media, executive communications and thought-leadership, consumer PR and eBay's corporate content, digital and social channels. At eBay, Dixon fought a high-profile proxy battle with activist investor Carl Icahn and led global communications around a significant cyber-attack, before going on to announce and manage communications for the spin-out of PayPal from eBay. She was also responsible for eBay's Global Impact comprising Corporate Responsibility, eBay for Charity and the eBay Foundation. Before joining eBay, Dixon led UK and then European communications at the consumer products division of global healthcare company GlaxoSmithKline, based in London. Prior to GSK, Claire held communications roles at consumer products giant Unilever and global PR agency Weber Shandwick.




							Sanjay Poonen


					
							Mr. Sanjay Poonen serves as Chief Operating Officer - Customer Operations of the Company. Prior to that he served as Executive Vice President and General Manager, End-User Computing, Head of Global Marketing from April 2016 to October 2016. He joined VMware as Executive Vice President and General Manager, End-User Computing in August 2013. Prior to joining VMware, he spent more than seven years at SAP AG, an enterprise application software and services company, serving as President and Corporate Officer of Platform Solutions and the Mobile Division from April 2012 to July 2013, prior to that as President of Global Solutions from November 2010 to March 2012, as Executive Vice President of Performance Optimization Apps from June 2008 to September 2009 and Senior Vice President of Analytics from April 2006 to May 2008. Mr. Poonen's over 20 years of technology industry experience also includes executive-level positions with Symantec and Veritas, and product management and engineering positions with Alphablox Corporation, Apple, Inc. and Microsoft Corporation.




							Rangarajan Raghuram


					
							Mr. Rangarajan Raghuram serves as Chief Operating Officer - Products and Cloud Services of the Company. Prior to that he served as Executive Vice President, Software-Defined Data Center Division from April 2012 to October 2016. Mr. Raghuram joined VMware in 2003 and has held multiple product management and marketing roles. Mr. Raghuram served as Senior Vice President and General Manager, Cloud Infrastructure and Management, Virtualization and Cloud Platforms, and Enterprise Products from December 2009 through March 2012. Mr. Raghuram previously served as Vice President of VMware's Server Business Unit and of Product and Solutions Marketing from September 2003 through December 2009. Prior to VMware, Mr. Raghuram held product management and marketing roles at Netscape Communications Corporation and Bang Networks, Inc.




							Rajiv Ramaswami


					
							Dr. Rajiv Ramaswami, Ph.D. is Chief Operating Officer - Products and Cloud Services of the company. Prior to that he served as Executive Vice President, Software-Defined Data Center Division from April 2012 to October 2016. Mr. Raghuram joined VMware in 2003 and has held multiple product management and marketing roles. Mr. Raghuram served as Senior Vice President and General Manager, Cloud Infrastructure and Management, Virtualization and Cloud Platforms, and Enterprise Products from December 2009 through March 2012. Mr. Raghuram previously served as Vice President of VMware's Server Business Unit and of Product and Solutions Marketing from September 2003 through December 2009. Prior to VMware, Mr. Raghuram held product management and marketing roles at Netscape Communications Corporation and Bang Networks, Inc.




							Paul Sagan


					
							Mr. Paul L. Sagan serves as Lead Independent Director of the Company. He has served as a director of VMware since April 2014 and was elected VMware’s Lead Director in February 2015. Mr. Sagan was a director of EMC from December 2007 until the Dell Acquisition in September 2016. Mr. Sagan has been an Executive In Residence (XIR) at General Catalyst Partners, a venture capital firm, since January 2014. From April 2005 to January 2013, Mr. Sagan served as CEO of Akamai Technologies, Inc., a provider of services for accelerating the delivery of content and applications over the Internet, and was President from May 1999 to September 2010 and from October 2011 to December 2012. Mr. Sagan joined Akamai in October 1998 as Vice President and COO. In December 2010, President Barack Obama appointed Mr. Sagan as a member of the President’s National Security Telecommunications Advisory Committee. From July 1997 to August 1998, Mr. Sagan was Senior Advisor to the World Economic Forum. Previously, Mr. Sagan held senior executive positions at global media and entertainment companies Time Warner Cable and Time Inc., affiliates of Time Warner, Inc., as well as at CBS, Inc. Mr. Sagan is currently a director of Akamai.




							Egon Durban


					
							Mr. Egon P. Durban serves as Director of the Company. He has served as a director of VMware since the Dell Acquisition in September 2016. Mr. Durban has been a member of the boards of directors of Dell and Dell Inc. since the closing of Dell Inc.’s going-private transaction in October 2013. Mr. Durban is a Managing Partner and Managing Director of Silver Lake, a global private equity firm. Mr. Durban joined Silver Lake in 1999 as a founding principal. Mr. Durban also serves on the board of directors of Motorola Solutions, Inc., Pivotal Software, Inc., an indirect majority owned subsidiary of Dell in which VMware has an ownership interest (“Pivotal”), and SecureWorks Corp., a majority owned subsidiary of Dell.




							Paul Maritz


					
							Mr. Paul A. Maritz is Director of the Company. He has served as a director of VMware since July 2008 when he joined VMware as CEO. Mr. Maritz was VMware’s CEO from July 2008 through August 2012 and President from July 2008 to January 2011. Mr. Maritz is currently the Executive Chairman of Pivotal. Mr. Maritz served as Pivotal’s CEO from April 2013 through August 2015. From September 2012 through March 2013, Mr. Maritz served as Chief Strategist at EMC. Prior to joining VMware, he was President of EMC’s Cloud Infrastructure and Services Division after EMC acquired Pi Corporation in February 2008. Mr. Maritz was a founder of Pi, a software company focused on building cloud-based solutions, and served as its CEO. Before founding Pi, Mr. Maritz spent 14 years working at Microsoft Corporation, where he served as a member of the five-person Executive Committee that managed the company. As Vice President of the Platform Strategy and Developer Group, among other roles, at Microsoft, he oversaw the development and marketing of System Software Products (including Windows 95, Windows NT, and Windows 2000), Development Tools (Visual Studio) and Database Products (SQL Server) and the complete Office and Exchange Product Lines. Prior to Microsoft, Mr. Maritz spent five years working at Intel Corporation as a software and tools developer.




							Anthony Bates


					
							Mr. Anthony John Bates is Independent Director of the Company. He has served as a director of VMware since February 2016. From June 2014 until December 2016, Mr. Bates served as President of GoPro, Inc., a maker of video and photo capture devices. From June 2013 until March 2014, Mr. Bates was Executive Vice President, Business Development and Evangelism of Microsoft Corporation, a software company. Mr. Bates was Chief Executive Officer (“CEO”) of Skype Inc. from October 2010 until its acquisition by Microsoft in 2011, subsequent to which Mr. Bates served as President of Microsoft’s Skype Division until June 2013. From 1996 to October 2010, Mr. Bates served in various roles at Cisco Systems, Inc., most recently as Senior Vice President and General Manager of Enterprise, Commercial and Small Business. Mr. Bates currently serves on the board of directors of GoPro and eBay Inc.




							Michael Brown


					
							Mr. Michael W. Brown serves as Independent Director of the Company. He has served as a director of VMware since April 2007. Mr. Brown was a director of EMC from August 2005 until May 2016. From August 1994 until his retirement in July 1997, Mr. Brown served as Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (“CFO”) of Microsoft Corporation. He was Vice President, Finance of Microsoft from April 1993 to August 1994. He joined Microsoft in December 1989. After retiring from Microsoft, Mr. Brown served as Chair of the board of directors of the NASDAQ Stock Market and as a past governor of the National Association of Securities Dealers. Prior to joining Microsoft, Mr. Brown spent 18 years with Deloitte & Touche LLP in various positions. Mr. Brown is currently a director of Insperity, Inc., where he serves on the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee and the Compensation Committee. He is also a director of Stifel Financial Corp, where he serves on the Audit Committee.




							Donald Carty


					
							Mr. Donald J. Carty is Independent Director of the Company. He is also a member of the EMC board of directors, on which he has served since January 2015. Mr. Carty is chair of EMC’s Finance Committee and a member of EMC’s Audit Committee and its Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee. He served as Vice Chairman and Chief Financial Officer of Dell Inc. from January 2007 to June 2008, and as Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of AMR Corporation and American Airlines from May 1998 to April 2003. Mr. Carty is also Chairman of Virgin America Inc. (where he is Chair of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee and a member of the Audit Committee), and is a director of Canadian National Railway Company (where he is Chair of the Audit Committee and a member of the Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee, the Environment, Safety and Security Committee, the Human Resources and Compensation Committee, and the Strategic Planning Committee).




							Karen Dykstra


					
							Ms. Karen E. Dykstra is Independent Director of the Company. She has served as a director of VMware since March 2016. Ms. Dykstra served as CFO and Administrative Officer of AOL, Inc., a global media technology company, from November 2013 until July 2015, and as Executive Vice President and CFO of AOL from September 2012 until November 2013. Ms. Dykstra served on the board of directors of AOL from 2009 until September 2012. From January 2007 until December 2010, Ms. Dykstra was a Partner of Plainfield Asset Management LLC (“Plainfield”), an asset management company, and she served as Chief Operating Officer (“COO”) and CFO of Plainfield Direct LLC, Plainfield’s business development company, from May 2006 to 2010, and as a director from 2007 to 2010. She previously spent over 25 years with Automatic Data Processing, Inc., a provider of human capital management solutions to employers, from 1981 through 2006, serving most recently as CFO from January 2003 to May 2006, and previously as Vice President – Finance, Corporate Controller and in other capacities. Ms. Dykstra is currently a director of Gartner, Inc., where she serves on the Audit Committee, and is a director of Boston Properties, Inc., where she also serves on the Audit Committee.




							Sandra Kerrigan














					Basic Compensation





Name
Fiscal Year Total




							Michael Dell

--




							Patrick Gelsinger

14,841,400




							Zane Rowe

6,550,870




							Maurizio Carli

--




							S. Dawn Smith

2,015,190




							Claire Dixon

--




							Sanjay Poonen

12,102,300




							Rangarajan Raghuram

11,945,300




							Rajiv Ramaswami

22,936,200




							Paul Sagan

474,739




							Egon Durban

--




							Paul Maritz

915,931




							Anthony Bates

439,002




							Michael Brown

374,739




							Donald Carty

349,739




							Karen Dykstra

420,359




							Sandra Kerrigan

--



As Of 
30 Dec 2016





					Options Compensation





Name
Options
Value




							Michael Dell

0
0




							Patrick Gelsinger

610,064
6,834,740




							Zane Rowe

0
0




							Maurizio Carli

0
0




							S. Dawn Smith

22,500
1,194,120




							Claire Dixon

0
0




							Sanjay Poonen

0
0




							Rangarajan Raghuram

3,125
180,006




							Rajiv Ramaswami

0
0




							Paul Sagan

0
0




							Egon Durban

0
0




							Paul Maritz

500,000
25,930,000




							Anthony Bates

0
0




							Michael Brown

0
0




							Donald Carty

0
0




							Karen Dykstra

0
0




							Sandra Kerrigan

0
0









					Insider Trading












Name
Shares Traded
Price


Krysler (Patrick Kevan)
27,101
$0.00


Poonen Sanjay
5,344
$87.88


Ramaswami (Rajiv)
20,457
$87.84


Sagan (Paul L)
2,788
$0.00


Dykstra (Karen E)
2,788
$0.00


Carty (Donald J Jr)
2,788
$0.00


Bates Anthony John
2,788
$0.00


Brown (Michael W)
2,788
$0.00


Poonen Sanjay
3,477
$92.82


Carli Maurizio
278
$70.54


Carli Maurizio
11,237
$94.66


Carli Maurizio
246
$79.66


Krysler (Patrick Kevan)
3,353
$97.40


Carli Maurizio
1,880
$97.40


Raghuram (Rangarajan)
816
$97.40


Ramaswami (Rajiv)
33,369
$97.40


Gelsinger (Patrick P)
2,716
$97.40


Brown (Michael W)
6,000
$60.34


Brown (Michael W)
3,913
$92.52


Carli Maurizio
27,353
$0.00


Gelsinger (Patrick P)
49,235
$0.00


Rowe (Zane C.)
32,823
$0.00


Ramaswami (Rajiv)
32,823
$0.00


Raghuram (Rangarajan)
32,823
$0.00


Durban (Egon)
666,354
$89.14




» Full list on Insider Trading
















Related Topics: 
StocksStock ScreenerMarket DataTechnologyIT Services & Consulting






















	VMware, Inc. - Overview - Governance - Board of Directors







































































 Cloud Services


Infrastructure
vCloud Air Virtual Private Cloud
vCloud Air Dedicated Cloud
vCloud Air Disaster Recovery
More IaaS Offerings >


Desktop
Horizon Air Hybrid-Mode
Horizon Air Cloud-Hosted Desktops and Apps
Horizon Air Cloud-Hosted Desktop DR




Management
vCloud Air Hybrid Cloud Manager


Information and Resources
What is Hybrid Cloud?
vCloud Air Network
Services for Government
Information for Service Providers
Information for ISVs




View All Service Offerings





 Cloud Services


Data Center & Cloud Infrastructure
vSphere with Operations Management
vSphere
More >


Networking & Security
NSX


Storage & Availability
Virtual SAN
Site Recovery Manager
More >


Hyper-Converged Infrastructure
Hyper-Converged Software
Virtual SAN Ready Node
EVO SDDC




Cloud Management Platform
vRealize Suite
vRealize Automation
vRealize Business for Cloud
vRealize Operations
vCloud Suite
More >


Personal Desktop
Fusion
Fusion Pro
Workstation Pro
Workstation Player


Digital Workspace
Workspace ONE
Identity Manager




Desktop and Application Virtualization
Horizon 7
Horizon Air
App Volumes
More >


Enterprise Mobility Management
AirWatch


Endpoint Security
TrustPoint


Free Products
vSphere Hypervisor
vCenter Converter
Software Manager
More >





 Cloud Services


Product Support Centers
vSphere
vSphere with Operations Management
Horizon
vCloud Director
vRealize Operations
Fusion
Workstation Pro
vSphere Hypervisor (ESXi)
vCenter Server
More >>




Top Support Tasks
Search Knowledge Base
Login to My VMware
File a Support Request
View Filed Support Requests
Manage Support Contracts
View Orders
Register Products
Manage Your License Keys




Support Resources
Security Advisories
Product Documentation
Technical Papers
Compatibility Guides
Customer Advocacy
Developer Center




Support Offerings and Policies
Support Offerings
Support Policies
Lifecycle Policies
Lifecycle Product Matrix
Support by Product Matrix
Support Help Guides
Support Terms and Conditions




 Cloud Services


Product Downloads
vSphere
vSphere with Operations Management
vCloud Suite
VMware vSphere Hypervisor (ESXi)
Site Recovery Manager
Horizon 7
Fusion
Workstation Pro




Free Product Trials & Demo
vCloud Suite
vSphere
vSphere with Operations Management
Virtual SAN
Site Recovery Manager
Horizon 7
Fusion
Workstation Pro
All Product Trials




Free Product Downloads
vSphere Hypervisor
vCenter Converter
Workstation Player
Software Manager




All Downloads, Drivers & Tools




 Cloud Services


Professional Services
Services Overview
Technology Services
Technical Account Manager Services




 Cloud Services


Resellers
VMware Solution Provider Program
Solution Competencies
Specializations


Services
VMware vCloud Air Network Program
Partner Professional Services Program (PPSP)
VMware Authorized Training Centers (VATC)


Technology
Technology Alliance Partner Program (TAP)
VMware Ready
Embedded OEM
ISV Center
VMware Solution Exchange
OEM Partner Program




Partner Resources
Partner Central
Partner Learning
Promote Products and Solutions
My VMware Partner Resources


Global Research and Education
VMware IT Academy Program
VMware Academic Program




Find Partners
Global Alliances - OEM & ISVs
Global Alliances - SI/SO
Partner Locator
VMware Solution Exchange Partners





 Cloud Services


Business Solutions
Business Mobility
IT Outcomes
vCloud Air Network Services
One Cloud, Any Application, Any Device


Technology Solutions
Virtualization
Virtualization Management
Virtualizing Business Critical Applications
Virtualizing Big Data
Business Continuity & Disaster Recovery


Industry Solutions
Automotive
Education
Financial Services
Government
Healthcare
Manufacturing
Retail
Telecommunication




Software Defined Data Center
SDDC Overview
Software Defined Storage (SDS)
Software Defined Networking (SDN)
VMware Validated Design


Cloud Computing
Cloud Computing Overview
Private Cloud
Hybrid Cloud
Cloud Management


Information For
Application Developers
Executives
Service Providers
Small & Medium Businesses






 Cloud Services


Company Information
Executive Leadership
Why Choose VMware?
Customers
Acquisitions
Briefing Center
Office Locations
Contact VMware
Sustainability
VMware Foundation
VMware Merchandise




News
Newsroom
RADIUS
CIO Vantage
Media Resources
Events & Webcasts


Investor Relations
Stock Information
Financial Information
SEC Filings




Careers
Working at VMware








 Cloud Services
 Products
 Support
 Downloads
 Professional Services
 Partner Programs
 Solutions
 Company








HomeHome/Overview/Governance/Board of Directors








 Follow





 Follow





 Follow





 Follow





 Follow








Investor Relations




NYSE: VMW

92.27
+0.00
+0%
Volume: 
1,031,700
20 minutes delay
July 21, 2017




HomeHome  >  Overview  >  Governance  >  Board of Directors


































Anthony J. Bates
,


,






Mr. Bates was appointed to the VMware board of directors in February 2016. From June 2014 until December 2016, Mr. Bates served as President of GoPro, Inc., a maker of video and photo capture devices.  From June 2013 until March 2014, Mr. Bates was the Executive Vice President, Business Development and Evangelism of Microsoft Corporation, a software company. Mr. Bates was the Chief Executive Officer of Skype Inc., a provider of software applications and related Internet communications products, from October 2010 until its acquisition by Microsoft in 2011, subsequent to which Mr. Bates served as the President of Microsoft’s Skype Division until June 2013. From 1996 to October 2010, Mr. Bates served in various roles at Cisco Systems, Inc., a networking equipment provider, most recently as Senior Vice President and General Manager of Enterprise, Commercial and Small Business. Mr. Bates currently serves on the board of directors of GoPro, Inc. and Ebay Inc.

Member of the Compensation and Corporate Governance Committee
Member of the Related Persons Transactions Committee
Chair of the Mergers and Acquisitions Committee 







Michael W. Brown 
,


,






Mr. Brown has been a director of VMware since April 2007. From August 1994 until his retirement in July 1997, Mr. Brown served as Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Microsoft Corporation. He was Vice President, Finance, of Microsoft from April 1993 to August 1994. He joined Microsoft in December 1989. After retiring from Microsoft, Mr. Brown served as Chair of the NASDAQ Stock Market board of directors and as a past governor of the National Association of Securities Dealers. Prior to joining Microsoft, Mr. Brown spent 18 years with Deloitte & Touche LLP in various positions. Mr. Brown is also a director of Insperity, Inc., where he is a member of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee and the Compensation Committee. He is also a director of Stifel Financial Corp, where he serves on the Risk Management/Corporate Governance Committee.

Chair of the Audit Committee
Member of the Compensation and Corporate Governance Committee







Donald J. Carty 
,


,






Mr. Carty was appointed to the VMware board of directors in December 2015. Mr. Carty is currently a private investor. He served as Vice Chairman and Chief Financial Officer of Dell, Inc. from January 2007 to June 2008, and as Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of AMR Corporation and American Airlines from May 1998 to April 2003. Mr. Carty is also a director of Hawaiian Holdings, Inc., the parent company of Hawaiian Airlines, Inc., and is a director of Canadian National Railway Company (where he is Chair of the Audit Committee and a member of the Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee, the Environment, Safety and Security Committee, the Human Resources and Compensation Committee, and the Strategic Planning Committee).

Member of the Audit Committee







Michael  Dell
,


,






Michael S. Dell has served as a director and Chairman of the Board since September 7, 2016 when Dell Technologies Inc., a provider of scalable IT systems, acquired EMC Corporation, VMware’s parent company. Mr. Dell serves as Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer of Dell Technologies. Mr. Dell has held the title of Chairman of the Board of Dell since he founded the company in 1984. Mr. Dell also served as Chief Executive Officer of Dell Inc. from 1984 until July 2004 and resumed that role in January 2007. In 1998, Mr. Dell formed MSD Capital, L.P. for the purpose of managing his and his family’s investments, and, in 1999, he and his wife established the Michael & Susan Dell Foundation to provide philanthropic support to a variety of global causes. Mr. Dell also serves as a director and non-executive Chairman of the Board of SecureWorks Corp., a majority-owned subsidiary of Dell Technologies.






Egon  Durban
,


,






Egon Durban has served as a director since September 7, 2016 when Dell Technologies Inc. (formerly Denali Holding Inc.), a provider of scalable IT systems, acquired EMC Corporation, VMware’s parent company. Mr. Durban has been a member of the boards of directors of Dell and Denali since the closing of Dell’s going-private transaction in October 2013. Mr. Durban is a Managing Partner and Managing Director of Silver Lake, a global private equity firm. Mr. Durban joined Silver Lake in 1999 as a founding principal. Mr. Durban serves on the board of directors of Motorola Solutions, Inc. and SecureWorks Corp., a majority-owned subsidiary of Dell Technologies.

Member of the Mergers and Acquisitions Committee 







Karen E. Dykstra
,


,






Karen E. Dykstra was elected to VMware’s Board of Directors in March 2016. Ms. Dykstra served as Chief Financial Officer and Administrative Officer of AOL, Inc., a global media technology company, from November 2013 until July 2015, and as the Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of AOL from September 2012 until November 2013. Ms. Dykstra previously served on the Board of Directors of AOL from 2009 until September 2012, including service as Chair of the Audit Committee during her last two years on the AOL board. From January 2007 until December 2010, Ms. Dykstra had been a Partner of Plainfield Asset Management LLC (“Plainfield”), an asset management company, and she served as Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer of Plainfield Direct LLC, Plainfield’s business development company, from May 2006 to 2010, and as a director from 2007 to 2010. She previously spent over 25 years with Automatic Data Processing, Inc., a provider of human capital management solutions to employers, from 1981 through 2006, serving most recently as Chief Financial Officer from January 2003 to May 2006, and previously as Vice President – Finance, Corporate Controller and in other capacities.

Member of the Audit Committee
 Chair of the Related Persons Transactions Committee







Pat Gelsinger
,


,






Mr. Gelsinger has been Chief Executive Officer and a director of VMware since September 2012. Prior to joining VMware, he served as President and Chief Operating Officer, EMC Information Infrastructure Products at EMC from September 2009 to August 2012. Mr. Gelsinger joined EMC from Intel Corporation, a designer and manufacturer of advanced integrated digital technology platforms, where he was Senior Vice President and Co-General Manager of Intel Corporation’s Digital Enterprise Group from 2005 to September 2009 and served as Intel’s Senior Vice President, Chief Technology Officer from 2002 to 2005. Prior to this, Mr. Gelsinger led Intel’s Desktop Products Group.

Member of the Mergers and Acquisitions Committee 







Paul Maritz
,


,






Mr. Maritz has been a director of VMware since July 2008 when he joined VMware as Chief Executive Officer. Mr. Maritz was Chief Executive Officer at VMware through August 2012. Mr. Maritz also served as VMware’s President from July 2008 to January 2011. Mr. Maritz is currently the Executive Chairman of Pivotal Software, Inc., an indirect majority-owned subsidiary of Dell Technologies in which VMware has an ownership interest. Mr. Maritz served as Pivotal’s CEO from April 2013 through August 2015. From September 2012 through March 2013, Mr. Maritz served as Chief Strategist at EMC. Prior to joining VMware, he was President of EMC’s Cloud Infrastructure and Services Division after EMC acquired Pi Corporation in February 2008. Mr. Maritz was a founder of Pi and served as its Chief Executive Officer. Pi was a software company focused on building cloud-based solutions. Before founding Pi, Mr. Maritz spent 14 years working at Microsoft Corporation, where he served as a member of the five-person Executive Committee that managed the overall company. As Vice President of the Platform Strategy and Developer Group, among other roles, he oversaw the development and marketing of System Software Products (including Windows 95, Windows NT, and Windows 2000), Development Tools (Visual Studio) and Database Products (SQL Server) and the complete Office and Exchange Product Lines. Prior to Microsoft, he spent five years working at Intel Corporation as a software and tools developer.

Member of the Mergers and Acquisitions Committee 







Paul Sagan
,


,






Paul Sagan has been a director of VMware since April 2014 and was appointed VMware’s Lead Director in February 2015. Mr. Sagan is a member of EMC’s Leadership and Compensation Committee. Mr. Sagan has been an Executive In Residence (XIR) at General Catalyst Partners, a venture capital firm, since January 2014. From April 2005 to January 2013, Mr. Sagan served as Chief Executive Officer of Akamai Technologies, Inc. (“Akamai”), a provider of services for accelerating the delivery of content and applications over the Internet, and was President from May 1999 to September 2010 and from October 2011 to December 2012. Mr. Sagan joined Akamai in October 1998 as Vice President and Chief Operating Officer. In December 2010, President Barack Obama appointed Mr. Sagan as a member of the President’s National Security Telecommunications Advisory Committee. From July 1997 to August 1998, Mr. Sagan was Senior Advisor to the World Economic Forum. Previously, Mr. Sagan held senior executive positions at global media and entertainment companies Time Warner Cable and Time Inc., affiliates of Time Warner, Inc., as well as at CBS, Inc. Mr. Sagan is also a director of Akamai.

Member of the Audit CommitteeChair of the Compensation and Corporate Governance Committee











VMware IR Department


Get in touch with our Investor Relations Department.
Contact Us




Signup for Email Alerts





Email Address:


*








Mailing Lists
*






Press Release

SEC Filing

Presentation

Event

End of Day Stock Quote










 





Enter the code shown above.



*























               CONTACT SALES

               GET SUPPORT

               ABOUT VMWARE

               CAREERS



© 2017 VMware, Inc
Terms of Use
Privacy
Accessibility
Site Index
Trademarks
Help

Feedback


































Powered By Q4 Inc. 4.5.0.5



















	VMware, Inc. - Home






































































 Cloud Services


Infrastructure
vCloud Air Virtual Private Cloud
vCloud Air Dedicated Cloud
vCloud Air Disaster Recovery
More IaaS Offerings >


Desktop
Horizon Air Hybrid-Mode
Horizon Air Cloud-Hosted Desktops and Apps
Horizon Air Cloud-Hosted Desktop DR




Management
vCloud Air Hybrid Cloud Manager


Information and Resources
What is Hybrid Cloud?
vCloud Air Network
Services for Government
Information for Service Providers
Information for ISVs




View All Service Offerings





 Cloud Services


Data Center & Cloud Infrastructure
vSphere with Operations Management
vSphere
More >


Networking & Security
NSX


Storage & Availability
Virtual SAN
Site Recovery Manager
More >


Hyper-Converged Infrastructure
Hyper-Converged Software
Virtual SAN Ready Node
EVO SDDC




Cloud Management Platform
vRealize Suite
vRealize Automation
vRealize Business for Cloud
vRealize Operations
vCloud Suite
More >


Personal Desktop
Fusion
Fusion Pro
Workstation Pro
Workstation Player


Digital Workspace
Workspace ONE
Identity Manager




Desktop and Application Virtualization
Horizon 7
Horizon Air
App Volumes
More >


Enterprise Mobility Management
AirWatch


Endpoint Security
TrustPoint


Free Products
vSphere Hypervisor
vCenter Converter
Software Manager
More >





 Cloud Services


Product Support Centers
vSphere
vSphere with Operations Management
Horizon
vCloud Director
vRealize Operations
Fusion
Workstation Pro
vSphere Hypervisor (ESXi)
vCenter Server
More >>




Top Support Tasks
Search Knowledge Base
Login to My VMware
File a Support Request
View Filed Support Requests
Manage Support Contracts
View Orders
Register Products
Manage Your License Keys




Support Resources
Security Advisories
Product Documentation
Technical Papers
Compatibility Guides
Customer Advocacy
Developer Center




Support Offerings and Policies
Support Offerings
Support Policies
Lifecycle Policies
Lifecycle Product Matrix
Support by Product Matrix
Support Help Guides
Support Terms and Conditions




 Cloud Services


Product Downloads
vSphere
vSphere with Operations Management
vCloud Suite
VMware vSphere Hypervisor (ESXi)
Site Recovery Manager
Horizon 7
Fusion
Workstation Pro




Free Product Trials & Demo
vCloud Suite
vSphere
vSphere with Operations Management
Virtual SAN
Site Recovery Manager
Horizon 7
Fusion
Workstation Pro
All Product Trials




Free Product Downloads
vSphere Hypervisor
vCenter Converter
Workstation Player
Software Manager




All Downloads, Drivers & Tools




 Cloud Services


Professional Services
Services Overview
Technology Services
Technical Account Manager Services




 Cloud Services


Resellers
VMware Solution Provider Program
Solution Competencies
Specializations


Services
VMware vCloud Air Network Program
Partner Professional Services Program (PPSP)
VMware Authorized Training Centers (VATC)


Technology
Technology Alliance Partner Program (TAP)
VMware Ready
Embedded OEM
ISV Center
VMware Solution Exchange
OEM Partner Program




Partner Resources
Partner Central
Partner Learning
Promote Products and Solutions
My VMware Partner Resources


Global Research and Education
VMware IT Academy Program
VMware Academic Program




Find Partners
Global Alliances - OEM & ISVs
Global Alliances - SI/SO
Partner Locator
VMware Solution Exchange Partners





 Cloud Services


Business Solutions
Business Mobility
IT Outcomes
vCloud Air Network Services
One Cloud, Any Application, Any Device


Technology Solutions
Virtualization
Virtualization Management
Virtualizing Business Critical Applications
Virtualizing Big Data
Business Continuity & Disaster Recovery


Industry Solutions
Automotive
Education
Financial Services
Government
Healthcare
Manufacturing
Retail
Telecommunication




Software Defined Data Center
SDDC Overview
Software Defined Storage (SDS)
Software Defined Networking (SDN)
VMware Validated Design


Cloud Computing
Cloud Computing Overview
Private Cloud
Hybrid Cloud
Cloud Management


Information For
Application Developers
Executives
Service Providers
Small & Medium Businesses






 Cloud Services


Company Information
Executive Leadership
Why Choose VMware?
Customers
Acquisitions
Briefing Center
Office Locations
Contact VMware
Sustainability
VMware Foundation
VMware Merchandise




News
Newsroom
RADIUS
CIO Vantage
Media Resources
Events & Webcasts


Investor Relations
Stock Information
Financial Information
SEC Filings




Careers
Working at VMware








 Cloud Services
 Products
 Support
 Downloads
 Professional Services
 Partner Programs
 Solutions
 Company








HomeHome







 Follow





 Follow





 Follow





 Follow





 Follow








Investor Relations




NYSE: VMW

92.27
+0.00
+0%
Volume: 
1,031,700
20 minutes delay
July 21, 2017




HomeHome































VMware IR Department


Get in touch with our Investor Relations Department.
Contact Us




Signup for Email Alerts





Email Address:


*








Mailing Lists
*






Press Release

SEC Filing

Presentation

Event

End of Day Stock Quote










 





Enter the code shown above.



*























               CONTACT SALES

               GET SUPPORT

               ABOUT VMWARE

               CAREERS



© 2017 VMware, Inc
Terms of Use
Privacy
Accessibility
Site Index
Trademarks
Help

Feedback


































Powered By Q4 Inc. 4.5.0.5

















	VMware, Inc. - Overview








































































 Cloud Services


Infrastructure
vCloud Air Virtual Private Cloud
vCloud Air Dedicated Cloud
vCloud Air Disaster Recovery
More IaaS Offerings >


Desktop
Horizon Air Hybrid-Mode
Horizon Air Cloud-Hosted Desktops and Apps
Horizon Air Cloud-Hosted Desktop DR




Management
vCloud Air Hybrid Cloud Manager


Information and Resources
What is Hybrid Cloud?
vCloud Air Network
Services for Government
Information for Service Providers
Information for ISVs




View All Service Offerings





 Cloud Services


Data Center & Cloud Infrastructure
vSphere with Operations Management
vSphere
More >


Networking & Security
NSX


Storage & Availability
Virtual SAN
Site Recovery Manager
More >


Hyper-Converged Infrastructure
Hyper-Converged Software
Virtual SAN Ready Node
EVO SDDC




Cloud Management Platform
vRealize Suite
vRealize Automation
vRealize Business for Cloud
vRealize Operations
vCloud Suite
More >


Personal Desktop
Fusion
Fusion Pro
Workstation Pro
Workstation Player


Digital Workspace
Workspace ONE
Identity Manager




Desktop and Application Virtualization
Horizon 7
Horizon Air
App Volumes
More >


Enterprise Mobility Management
AirWatch


Endpoint Security
TrustPoint


Free Products
vSphere Hypervisor
vCenter Converter
Software Manager
More >





 Cloud Services


Product Support Centers
vSphere
vSphere with Operations Management
Horizon
vCloud Director
vRealize Operations
Fusion
Workstation Pro
vSphere Hypervisor (ESXi)
vCenter Server
More >>




Top Support Tasks
Search Knowledge Base
Login to My VMware
File a Support Request
View Filed Support Requests
Manage Support Contracts
View Orders
Register Products
Manage Your License Keys




Support Resources
Security Advisories
Product Documentation
Technical Papers
Compatibility Guides
Customer Advocacy
Developer Center




Support Offerings and Policies
Support Offerings
Support Policies
Lifecycle Policies
Lifecycle Product Matrix
Support by Product Matrix
Support Help Guides
Support Terms and Conditions




 Cloud Services


Product Downloads
vSphere
vSphere with Operations Management
vCloud Suite
VMware vSphere Hypervisor (ESXi)
Site Recovery Manager
Horizon 7
Fusion
Workstation Pro




Free Product Trials & Demo
vCloud Suite
vSphere
vSphere with Operations Management
Virtual SAN
Site Recovery Manager
Horizon 7
Fusion
Workstation Pro
All Product Trials




Free Product Downloads
vSphere Hypervisor
vCenter Converter
Workstation Player
Software Manager




All Downloads, Drivers & Tools




 Cloud Services


Professional Services
Services Overview
Technology Services
Technical Account Manager Services




 Cloud Services


Resellers
VMware Solution Provider Program
Solution Competencies
Specializations


Services
VMware vCloud Air Network Program
Partner Professional Services Program (PPSP)
VMware Authorized Training Centers (VATC)


Technology
Technology Alliance Partner Program (TAP)
VMware Ready
Embedded OEM
ISV Center
VMware Solution Exchange
OEM Partner Program




Partner Resources
Partner Central
Partner Learning
Promote Products and Solutions
My VMware Partner Resources


Global Research and Education
VMware IT Academy Program
VMware Academic Program




Find Partners
Global Alliances - OEM & ISVs
Global Alliances - SI/SO
Partner Locator
VMware Solution Exchange Partners





 Cloud Services


Business Solutions
Business Mobility
IT Outcomes
vCloud Air Network Services
One Cloud, Any Application, Any Device


Technology Solutions
Virtualization
Virtualization Management
Virtualizing Business Critical Applications
Virtualizing Big Data
Business Continuity & Disaster Recovery


Industry Solutions
Automotive
Education
Financial Services
Government
Healthcare
Manufacturing
Retail
Telecommunication




Software Defined Data Center
SDDC Overview
Software Defined Storage (SDS)
Software Defined Networking (SDN)
VMware Validated Design


Cloud Computing
Cloud Computing Overview
Private Cloud
Hybrid Cloud
Cloud Management


Information For
Application Developers
Executives
Service Providers
Small & Medium Businesses






 Cloud Services


Company Information
Executive Leadership
Why Choose VMware?
Customers
Acquisitions
Briefing Center
Office Locations
Contact VMware
Sustainability
VMware Foundation
VMware Merchandise




News
Newsroom
RADIUS
CIO Vantage
Media Resources
Events & Webcasts


Investor Relations
Stock Information
Financial Information
SEC Filings




Careers
Working at VMware








 Cloud Services
 Products
 Support
 Downloads
 Professional Services
 Partner Programs
 Solutions
 Company








HomeHome/Overview








 Follow





 Follow





 Follow





 Follow





 Follow








Investor Relations




NYSE: VMW

92.27
+0.00
+0%
Volume: 
1,031,700
20 minutes delay
July 21, 2017




HomeHome  >  Overview



































Latest







Latest News






July 17, 2017

Amy Fliegelman Olli Appointed Senior Vice President and General Counsel of VMware








July 10, 2017

Claire Dixon Appointed Chief Communications Officer of VMware








July 6, 2017

VMworld 2017 Heads to Las Vegas and Barcelona





press releases












Latest Events



Upcoming Events
Past Events



William Blair Annual Growth Stock Conference


June 13, 2017
10:10 AM PST



Listen to webcast





VMW Annual Meeting of Stockholders


June 8, 2017
08:30 AM PST



Listen to webcast





Bank of America Merrill Lynch Global Technology Conference


June 6, 2017
11:30 AM PST



Listen to webcast





Stifel Technology, Internet & Media Conference


June 5, 2017
10:55 AM PST



Listen to webcast





Q1 2018 VMware, Inc. Earnings Conference Call


June 1, 2017
02:00 PM PST



Listen to webcast





events












VMware FAQs Regarding Dell Relationship and Tracking Stock

FAQs



Quick Links

Form 10-K
Proxy Statement
Fiscal Calendar





VMware IR Department


Get in touch with our Investor Relations Department.
Contact Us




Signup for Email Alerts





Email Address:


*








Mailing Lists
*






Press Release

SEC Filing

Presentation

Event

End of Day Stock Quote










 





Enter the code shown above.



*























               CONTACT SALES

               GET SUPPORT

               ABOUT VMWARE

               CAREERS



© 2017 VMware, Inc
Terms of Use
Privacy
Accessibility
Site Index
Trademarks
Help

Feedback


































Powered By Q4 Inc. 4.5.0.5




















	VMware, Inc. - Overview - Governance - Management Team







































































 Cloud Services


Infrastructure
vCloud Air Virtual Private Cloud
vCloud Air Dedicated Cloud
vCloud Air Disaster Recovery
More IaaS Offerings >


Desktop
Horizon Air Hybrid-Mode
Horizon Air Cloud-Hosted Desktops and Apps
Horizon Air Cloud-Hosted Desktop DR




Management
vCloud Air Hybrid Cloud Manager


Information and Resources
What is Hybrid Cloud?
vCloud Air Network
Services for Government
Information for Service Providers
Information for ISVs




View All Service Offerings





 Cloud Services


Data Center & Cloud Infrastructure
vSphere with Operations Management
vSphere
More >


Networking & Security
NSX


Storage & Availability
Virtual SAN
Site Recovery Manager
More >


Hyper-Converged Infrastructure
Hyper-Converged Software
Virtual SAN Ready Node
EVO SDDC




Cloud Management Platform
vRealize Suite
vRealize Automation
vRealize Business for Cloud
vRealize Operations
vCloud Suite
More >


Personal Desktop
Fusion
Fusion Pro
Workstation Pro
Workstation Player


Digital Workspace
Workspace ONE
Identity Manager




Desktop and Application Virtualization
Horizon 7
Horizon Air
App Volumes
More >


Enterprise Mobility Management
AirWatch


Endpoint Security
TrustPoint


Free Products
vSphere Hypervisor
vCenter Converter
Software Manager
More >





 Cloud Services


Product Support Centers
vSphere
vSphere with Operations Management
Horizon
vCloud Director
vRealize Operations
Fusion
Workstation Pro
vSphere Hypervisor (ESXi)
vCenter Server
More >>




Top Support Tasks
Search Knowledge Base
Login to My VMware
File a Support Request
View Filed Support Requests
Manage Support Contracts
View Orders
Register Products
Manage Your License Keys




Support Resources
Security Advisories
Product Documentation
Technical Papers
Compatibility Guides
Customer Advocacy
Developer Center




Support Offerings and Policies
Support Offerings
Support Policies
Lifecycle Policies
Lifecycle Product Matrix
Support by Product Matrix
Support Help Guides
Support Terms and Conditions




 Cloud Services


Product Downloads
vSphere
vSphere with Operations Management
vCloud Suite
VMware vSphere Hypervisor (ESXi)
Site Recovery Manager
Horizon 7
Fusion
Workstation Pro




Free Product Trials & Demo
vCloud Suite
vSphere
vSphere with Operations Management
Virtual SAN
Site Recovery Manager
Horizon 7
Fusion
Workstation Pro
All Product Trials




Free Product Downloads
vSphere Hypervisor
vCenter Converter
Workstation Player
Software Manager




All Downloads, Drivers & Tools




 Cloud Services


Professional Services
Services Overview
Technology Services
Technical Account Manager Services




 Cloud Services


Resellers
VMware Solution Provider Program
Solution Competencies
Specializations


Services
VMware vCloud Air Network Program
Partner Professional Services Program (PPSP)
VMware Authorized Training Centers (VATC)


Technology
Technology Alliance Partner Program (TAP)
VMware Ready
Embedded OEM
ISV Center
VMware Solution Exchange
OEM Partner Program




Partner Resources
Partner Central
Partner Learning
Promote Products and Solutions
My VMware Partner Resources


Global Research and Education
VMware IT Academy Program
VMware Academic Program




Find Partners
Global Alliances - OEM & ISVs
Global Alliances - SI/SO
Partner Locator
VMware Solution Exchange Partners





 Cloud Services


Business Solutions
Business Mobility
IT Outcomes
vCloud Air Network Services
One Cloud, Any Application, Any Device


Technology Solutions
Virtualization
Virtualization Management
Virtualizing Business Critical Applications
Virtualizing Big Data
Business Continuity & Disaster Recovery


Industry Solutions
Automotive
Education
Financial Services
Government
Healthcare
Manufacturing
Retail
Telecommunication




Software Defined Data Center
SDDC Overview
Software Defined Storage (SDS)
Software Defined Networking (SDN)
VMware Validated Design


Cloud Computing
Cloud Computing Overview
Private Cloud
Hybrid Cloud
Cloud Management


Information For
Application Developers
Executives
Service Providers
Small & Medium Businesses






 Cloud Services


Company Information
Executive Leadership
Why Choose VMware?
Customers
Acquisitions
Briefing Center
Office Locations
Contact VMware
Sustainability
VMware Foundation
VMware Merchandise




News
Newsroom
RADIUS
CIO Vantage
Media Resources
Events & Webcasts


Investor Relations
Stock Information
Financial Information
SEC Filings




Careers
Working at VMware








 Cloud Services
 Products
 Support
 Downloads
 Professional Services
 Partner Programs
 Solutions
 Company








HomeHome/Overview/Governance/Management Team








 Follow





 Follow





 Follow





 Follow





 Follow








Investor Relations




NYSE: VMW

92.27
+0.00
+0%
Volume: 
1,031,700
20 minutes delay
July 21, 2017




HomeHome  >  Overview  >  Governance  >  Management Team


































Patrick P. Gelsinger 
,


,

, Chief Executive Officer




Pat Gelsinger has been serving as CEO of VMware since September 2012 nearly doubling the size of the company during his tenure. He brings more than 35 years of technology and leadership experience.
Before joining VMware, Gelsinger led EMC's Information Infrastructure Products business as president and COO.  A respected IT industry veteran, he was at Intel for 30 years becoming the company’s first CTO and driving the creation of key industry technologies including USB and Wi-Fi.  He led Intel to be dominant supplier of the microprocessor – while in the significant role as the architect of the original 80486 processor.
Gelsinger earned a Master's degree from Stanford University in 1985, his Bachelor's degree from Santa Clara University in 1983 (magna cum laude), and an Associate's degree from Lincoln Technical Institute in 1979, all in electrical engineering. In 2008 he was named a Fellow of the IEEE and that same year awarded an Honorary Doctorate of Letters from William Jessup University. He holds seven patents in the areas of VLSI design, computer architecture and communications.






Zane Rowe
,


,

, Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President




Zane C. Rowe has served as VMware’s Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President since March 1, 2016. Prior to joining VMware he was EMC’s Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer from October 2014 until February 2016. Prior to joining EMC, Mr. Rowe was Vice President of North American Sales of Apple Inc., a technology company that designs, develops, and sells consumer electronics, computer software, online services, and personal computers, from May 2012 until May 2014. He was Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of United Continental Holdings, Inc., an airline holdings company, from October 2010 until April 2012 and was Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Continental Airlines from August 2008 to September 2010. Mr. Rowe joined Continental in 1993. Mr. Rowe currently serves on the board of Sabre Corporation.






Maurizio Carli
,


,

, Executive Vice President, Worldwide Sales and Services




Maurizio Carli has served as VMware’s Executive Vice President, Worldwide Sales and Services since February 2017. Mr. Carli previously served as VMware’s Executive Vice President, Worldwide Sales since April 2016, Corporate Senior Vice President and General Manager, Americas, from April 2015 to March 2016 and as Senior Vice President and General Manager, EMEA, from December 2008 to April 2015. Before joining VMware, Mr. Carli held executive sales management positions at Google Inc., an internet search and advertising company, where he served as Managing Director, Enterprise Business, EMEA, from June 2008 to November 2008; Business Objects S.A., a provider of business intelligence solutions, where he served as Senior Vice President & General Manager, EMEA, from December 2002 to December 2007; and at International Business Machines Corporation, a provider of integrated business solutions, where he spent 19 years, from 1984 to 2002, serving in a variety of sales, marketing and leadership positions, including Vice President Software Group from 2000 to 2002 and General Manager and Vice President Tivoli EMEA from 1998 to 2000.






Sanjay J. Poonen 
,


,

, Chief Operating Officer, Customer Operations




Mr. Poonen has served as VMware’s Chief Operating Officer, Customer Operations since October 2016.  Prior to that he served as Executive Vice President and General Manager, End-User Computing, Head of Global Marketing from April 2016 to October 2016. He joined VMware as Executive Vice President and General Manager, End-User Computing in August 2013. Prior to joining VMware, he spent more than seven years at SAP AG, serving as President and Corporate Officer of Platform Solutions and the Mobile Division from April 2012 till July 2013, prior to that as President of Global Solutions from November 2010 to March 2012, as Executive Vice President of Performance Optimization Apps from June 2008 to September 2009 and Senior Vice President of Analytics from April 2006 to May 2008. Mr. Poonen's over 20 years of technology industry experience also included executive-level positions with Symantec and Veritas, and product management and engineering positions with Alphablox, Apple, Inc. and Microsoft Corporation.






Raghu Raghuram
,


,

, Chief Operating Officer, Products and Cloud Services




Raghu Raghuram has served as VMware's Chief Operating Officer, Products and Cloud Services since October 2016.  Prior to that he served as Executive Vice President, Software-Defined Data Center Division from April 2012 to October 2016. Mr. Raghuram joined VMware in 2003 and has held multiple product management and marketing roles. Mr. Raghuram served as Senior Vice President and General Manager, Cloud Infrastructure and Management, Virtualization and Cloud Platforms, and Enterprise Products, from December 2009 through March 2012. Mr. Raghuram previously served as Vice President of VMware's Server Business Unit and of Product and Solutions Marketing from September 2003 through December 2009. Prior to VMware, Mr. Raghuram held product management and marketing roles at Netscape and Bang Networks.






Rajiv  Ramaswami
,


,

, Chief Operating Officer, Products and Cloud Services




Mr. Ramaswami had served as VMware’s Chief Operating Officer, Products and Cloud Services since October 2016.  Mr. Ramaswami joined VMware in April 2016 and served as VMware’s Executive Vice President and General Manager of its Networking. Prior to joining VMware he was Executive Vice President and General Manager of the Infrastructure & Networking Group of Broadcom Corporation, a semiconductor company, from 2010. Prior to that he was Vice President and General Manager of the Cloud Services and Switching Technology Group at Cisco Systems, Inc., where he also served as Vice President and General Manager for a variety of business units in Optical, Switching and Storage Networking. Prior to joining Cisco, he served in various technical and leadership positions at Xros, Tellabs and IBM’s Thomas J. Watson Research Center. Mr. Ramaswami is a member of the board of directors of NeoPhotonics Corporation.










VMware IR Department


Get in touch with our Investor Relations Department.
Contact Us




Signup for Email Alerts





Email Address:


*








Mailing Lists
*






Press Release

SEC Filing

Presentation

Event

End of Day Stock Quote










 





Enter the code shown above.



*























               CONTACT SALES

               GET SUPPORT

               ABOUT VMWARE

               CAREERS



© 2017 VMware, Inc
Terms of Use
Privacy
Accessibility
Site Index
Trademarks
Help

Feedback


































Powered By Q4 Inc. 4.5.0.5




























 




PAUL SAGAN - SAN FRANCISCO, CA - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



CA



SAN FRANCISCO



Services, Nec



Services, Nec



                            PAUL SAGAN
                                    



 





















P 


PAUL SAGAN
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



555 OFARRELL ST APT 607 SAN FRANCISCO, CA 94102
Get Directions



(415) 345-1748





Business Info



 Founded --
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $30,000.00
 Employee Count 1
 Industries Services, Nec
 Contacts PAUL SAGAN







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Paul Sagan has estimated annual revenues of $30,000.00 and also employs an estimated 1 employees. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







P

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.

















Carl Sagan Quotes  (Author of Contact)









































Sign InJoin












Goodreads helps you follow your favorite authors.  Be the first to learn about new releases!


Start by following Carl Sagan.


Follow Author






Carl Sagan
	  >
	  Quotes
	

more photos (21)


Carl Sagan quotes   
(showing 1-30 of 1,045)





      “Somewhere, something incredible is waiting to be known.”
    ―
    Carl Sagan



     tags:
       astronomer,
       science,
       writer


6694 likes




Like





      “Look again at that dot. That's here. That's home. That's us. On it everyone you love, everyone you know, everyone you ever heard of, every human being who ever was, lived out their lives. The aggregate of our joy and suffering, thousands of confident religions, ideologies, and economic doctrines, every hunter and forager, every hero and coward, every creator and destroyer of civilization, every king and peasant, every young couple in love, every mother and father, hopeful child, inventor and explorer, every teacher of morals, every corrupt politician, every "superstar," every "supreme leader," every saint and sinner in the history of our species lived there-on a mote of dust suspended in a sunbeam.The Earth is a very small stage in a vast cosmic arena. Think of the endless cruelties visited by the inhabitants of one corner of this pixel on the scarcely distinguishable inhabitants of some other corner, how frequent their misunderstandings, how eager they are to kill one another, how fervent their hatreds. Think of the rivers of blood spilled by all those generals and emperors so that, in glory and triumph, they could become the momentary masters of a fraction of a dot.Our posturings, our imagined self-importance, the delusion that we have some privileged position in the Universe, are challenged by this point of pale light. Our planet is a lonely speck in the great enveloping cosmic dark. In our obscurity, in all this vastness, there is no hint that help will come from elsewhere to save us from ourselves.The Earth is the only world known so far to harbor life. There is nowhere else, at least in the near future, to which our species could migrate. Visit, yes. Settle, not yet. Like it or not, for the moment the Earth is where we make our stand.It has been said that astronomy is a humbling and character-building experience. There is perhaps no better demonstration of the folly of human conceits than this distant image of our tiny world. To me, it underscores our responsibility to deal more kindly with one another, and to preserve and cherish the pale blue dot, the only home we've ever known.”
    ―
    Carl Sagan,
    
Pale Blue Dot: A Vision of the Human Future in Space






     tags:
       earth,
       perspective,
       space


3435 likes




Like





      “Every one of us is, in the cosmic perspective, precious. If a human disagrees with you, let him live. In a hundred billion galaxies, you will not find another.”
    ―
    Carl Sagan,
    
Cosmos





     tags:
       humanity,
       individuality,
       love,
       mercy


3036 likes




Like





      “The nitrogen in our DNA, the calcium in our teeth, the iron in our blood, the carbon in our apple pies were made in the interiors of collapsing stars. We are made of starstuff.”
    ―
    Carl Sagan,
    
Cosmos





     tags:
       atoms,
       cosmos,
       dna,
       sense-of-wonder,
       stars


2380 likes




Like





      “Science is not only compatible with spirituality; it is a profound source of spirituality.”
    ―
    Carl Sagan,
    
The Demon-Haunted World: Science as a Candle in the Dark





     tags:
       metaphysics,
       philosophy,
       science,
       sense-of-wonder,
       spirituality


1941 likes




Like





      “One glance at a book and you hear the voice of another person, perhaps someone dead for 1,000 years. To read is to voyage through time.”
    ―
    Carl Sagan



     tags:
       books,
       literacy,
       reading


1714 likes




Like





      “If you wish to make an apple pie from scratch, you must first invent the universe.”
    ―
    Carl Sagan,
    
Cosmos





     tags:
       science


1501 likes




Like





      “A book is made from a tree. It is an assemblage of flat, flexible parts (still called "leaves") imprinted with dark pigmented squiggles. One glance at it and you hear the voice of another person, perhaps someone dead for thousands of years. Across the millennia, the author is speaking, clearly and silently, inside your head, directly to you. Writing is perhaps the greatest of human inventions, binding together people, citizens of distant epochs, who never knew one another. Books break the shackles of time ― proof that humans can work magic.”
    ―
    Carl Sagan



     tags:
       books,
       reading,
       writing


1489 likes




Like





      “For me, it is far better to grasp the Universe as it really is than to persist in delusion, however satisfying and reassuring.”
    ―
    Carl Sagan,
    
The Demon-Haunted World: Science as a Candle in the Dark





     tags:
       cosmology,
       delusion,
       knowledge,
       religion,
       science,
       truth,
       understanding


1279 likes




Like





      “What an astonishing thing a book is. It's a flat object made from a tree with flexible parts on which are imprinted lots of funny dark squiggles. But one glance at it and you're inside the mind of another person, maybe somebody dead for thousands of years. Across the millennia, an author is speaking clearly and silently inside your head, directly to you. Writing is perhaps the greatest of human inventions, binding together people who never knew each other, citizens of distant epochs. Books break the shackles of time. A book is proof that humans are capable of working magic."[Cosmos, Part 11: The Persistence of Memory (1980)]”
    ―
    Carl Sagan,
    
Cosmos





     tags:
       books,
       literature,
       reading,
       words,
       writing


1181 likes




Like





      “Extraordinary claims require extraordinary evidence.”
    ―
    Carl Sagan



     tags:
       evidence,
       faith,
       science,
       skepticism


1084 likes




Like





      “Who is more humble? The scientist who looks at the universe with an open mind and accepts whatever the universe has to teach us, or somebody who says everything in this book must be considered the literal truth and never mind the fallibility of all the human beings involved?”
    ―
    Carl Sagan



     tags:
       agnosticism,
       humility,
       science,
       skepticism,
       truth


1057 likes




Like





      “In science it often happens that scientists say, 'You know that's a really good argument; my position is mistaken,' and then they would actually change their minds and you never hear that old view from them again. They really do it. It doesn't happen as often as it should, because scientists are human and change is sometimes painful. But it happens every day. I cannot recall the last time something like that happened in politics or religion.”
    ―
    Carl Sagan



     tags:
       politics,
       religion,
       science


944 likes




Like





      “For small creatures such as we the vastness is bearable only through love.”
    ―
    Carl Sagan,
    
Contact





     tags:
       vastness-people-love


943 likes




Like





      “One of the saddest lessons of history is this: If we’ve been bamboozled long enough, we tend to reject any evidence of the bamboozle. We’re no longer interested in finding out the truth. The bamboozle has captured us. It’s simply too painful to acknowledge, even to ourselves, that we’ve been taken. Once you give a charlatan power over you, you almost never get it back.”
    ―
    Carl Sagan,
    
The Demon-Haunted World: Science as a Candle in the Dark





     tags:
       aristocracy,
       capitalism,
       corruption,
       government,
       history,
       oppression,
       power,
       rationalization,
       society


914 likes




Like





      “Imagination will often carry us to worlds that never were, but without it we go nowhere.”
    ―
    Carl Sagan



     tags:
       imagination


906 likes




Like





      “It pays to keep an open mind, but not so open your brains fall out.”
    ―
    Carl Sagan



711 likes




Like





      “We are like butterflies who flutter for a day and think it is forever.”
    ―
    Carl Sagan,
    
Cosmos





692 likes




Like





      “Books permit us to voyage through time, to tap the wisdom of our ancestors.”
    ―
    Carl Sagan,
    
Cosmos





659 likes




Like





      “I would love to believe that when I die I will live again, that some thinking, feeling, remembering part of me will continue. But as much as I want to believe that, and despite the ancient and worldwide cultural traditions that assert an afterlife, I know of nothing to suggest that it is more than wishful thinking.”
    ―
    Carl Sagan,
    
Billions & Billions: Thoughts on Life and Death at the Brink of the Millennium





     tags:
       afterlife,
       atheism,
       immortality


633 likes




Like





      “Science is not only compatible with spirituality; it is a profound source of spirituality. When we recognize our place in an immensity of light‐years and in the passage of ages, when we grasp the intricacy, beauty, and subtlety of life, then that soaring feeling, that sense of elation and humility combined, is surely spiritual. So are our emotions in the presence of great art or music or literature, or acts of exemplary selfless courage such as those of Mohandas Gandhi or Martin Luther King, Jr. The notion that science and spirituality are somehow mutually exclusive does a disservice to both.”
    ―
    Carl Sagan,
    
The Demon-Haunted World: Science as a Candle in the Dark





     tags:
       atheism,
       religion,
       science,
       science-vs-religion,
       spirituality


630 likes




Like





      “We can judge our progress by the courage of our questions and the depth of our answers, our willingness to embrace what is true rather than what feels good.”
    ―
    Carl Sagan



     tags:
       atheism,
       science


615 likes




Like





      “The universe is a pretty big place. If it's just us, seems like an awful waste of space.”
    ―
    Carl Sagan,
    
Contact





     tags:
       optimism,
       seti,
       universe


611 likes




Like





      “You're an interesting species. An interesting mix. You're capable of such beautiful dreams, and such horrible nightmares. You feel so lost, so cut off, so alone, only you're not. See, in all our searching, the only thing we've found that makes the emptiness bearable, is each other.”
    ―
    Carl Sagan,
    
Contact





578 likes




Like





      “But the fact that some geniuses were laughed at does not imply that all who are laughed at are geniuses. They laughed at Columbus, they laughed at Fulton, they laughed at the Wright brothers. But they also laughed at Bozo the Clown.”
    ―
    Carl Sagan,
    
Broca's Brain: Reflections on the Romance of Science





     tags:
       genius,
       humor,
       laughter,
       philosophy


572 likes




Like





      “The cosmos is within us. We are made of star-stuff. We are a way for the universe to know itself.”
    ―
    Carl Sagan



     tags:
       connectedness,
       evolution,
       life,
       origin-of-life,
       perspective,
       philosophy,
       quantum-physics,
       stardust,
       stars


516 likes




Like





      “How is it that hardly any major religion has looked at science and concluded, “This is better than we thought! The Universe is much bigger than our prophets said, grander, more subtle, more elegant?” Instead they say, “No, no, no! My god is a little god, and I want him to stay that way.” A religion, old or new, that stressed the magnificence of the Universe as revealed by modern science might be able to draw forth reserves of reverence and awe hardly tapped by the conventional faiths.”
    ―
    Carl Sagan,
    
Pale Blue Dot: A Vision of the Human Future in Space





     tags:
       awe,
       cosmology,
       epistemology,
       god,
       organized-religion,
       religion,
       science


495 likes




Like





      “Frederick Douglass taught that literacy is the path from slavery to freedom. There are many kinds of slavery and many kinds of freedom, but reading is still the path.”
    ―
    Carl Sagan



     tags:
       douglass,
       frederick-douglass,
       freedom,
       literacy,
       reading,
       slavery


494 likes




Like





      “We are a way for the cosmos to know itself.”
    ―
    Carl Sagan,
    
Cosmos





     tags:
       cosmos,
       science,
       thought-provoking


478 likes




Like





      “The nuclear arms race is like two sworn enemies standing waist deep in gasoline, one with three matches, the other with five.”
    ―
    Carl Sagan



     tags:
       absurdity,
       humor,
       reason,
       sagan,
       war


447 likes




Like




« previous 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 … 34 35 next »





All Quotes
	|
	Add A Quote






Play The 'Guess That Quote' Game


Books by Carl Sagan


Contact
        94,975 ratings
Open Preview


See a Problem?


        We’d love your help.
        Let us know what’s wrong with this preview of
          Contact by Carl Sagan.
      


Problem:
It’s the wrong book
It’s the wrong edition
Other



Details (if other):




         
        
        Cancel
        
 



Thanks for telling us about the problem.

    Return to Book Page
  



Not the book you’re looking for?

      Preview — Contact
        by Carl Sagan
    










Cosmos
        80,133 ratings
Open Preview


See a Problem?


        We’d love your help.
        Let us know what’s wrong with this preview of
          Cosmos by Carl Sagan.
      


Problem:
It’s the wrong book
It’s the wrong edition
Other



Details (if other):




         
        
        Cancel
        
 



Thanks for telling us about the problem.

    Return to Book Page
  



Not the book you’re looking for?

      Preview — Cosmos
        by Carl Sagan
    










The Demon-Haunted World
        42,800 ratings
Open Preview


See a Problem?


        We’d love your help.
        Let us know what’s wrong with this preview of
          The Demon-Haunted World by Carl Sagan.
      


Problem:
It’s the wrong book
It’s the wrong edition
Other



Details (if other):




         
        
        Cancel
        
 



Thanks for telling us about the problem.

    Return to Book Page
  



Not the book you’re looking for?

      Preview — The Demon-Haunted World
        by Carl Sagan
    










Pale Blue Dot
        20,424 ratings
Open Preview


See a Problem?


        We’d love your help.
        Let us know what’s wrong with this preview of
          Pale Blue Dot by Carl Sagan.
      


Problem:
It’s the wrong book
It’s the wrong edition
Other



Details (if other):




         
        
        Cancel
        
 



Thanks for telling us about the problem.

    Return to Book Page
  



Not the book you’re looking for?

      Preview — Pale Blue Dot
        by Carl Sagan
    









More…



Videos About This Author




Add a comment




More videos...














©
2017
Goodreads Inc




about us


advertise


author program


jobs


api


our blog


authors & advertisers blog


terms


privacy


help


switch to:
mobile version















Welcome back. Just a moment while we sign you in to your Goodreads account.























Paul Sagan



































                        Menu                      








HomeWhy SolarWhy SolarSolarize CampaignsYour NeedsYour NeedsYour HomeYour BusinessYour FarmYour EV CarBattery Back-up, Off-GridThe Sunpower AdvantageThe Sunpower AdvantageMost BeautifulMost Advanced TechnologyGreat Return On InvestmentBest Warranty In The IndustryAn American Success StoryGreener For The PlanetProduct SelectionProduct SelectionRoofGround MountPole MountTrackerBattery Back-upDC or ACSolar NewsSolar NewsBeware the Wires!The Night the Magic Bird Came to Town.How To Be A Smart Solar ShopperAbout UsAbout UsWhat Do Our Customers SayContact UsContact UsFree Site AssessmentSolar Savings Calculator

























(518) 828-3105
info@LotusSolar.com





SiteMap





Search ...  Search 




















HomeWhy SolarWhy SolarSolarize CampaignsYour NeedsYour NeedsYour HomeYour BusinessYour FarmYour EV CarBattery Back-up, Off-GridThe Sunpower AdvantageThe Sunpower AdvantageMost BeautifulMost Advanced TechnologyGreat Return On InvestmentBest Warranty In The IndustryAn American Success StoryGreener For The PlanetProduct SelectionProduct SelectionRoofGround MountPole MountTrackerBattery Back-upDC or ACSolar NewsSolar NewsBeware the Wires!The Night the Magic Bird Came to Town.How To Be A Smart Solar ShopperAbout UsAbout UsWhat Do Our Customers SayContact UsContact UsFree Site AssessmentSolar Savings Calculator

































				Paul Sagan			


 



We appreciate that you were focused on designing a system for our particular needs and the unusual conditions at our site, and that your approach with us was extremely collaborative. This Installation went perfectly and finished ahead of schedule. We particularly like the ability to track our electrical usage and solar power generation online, and that capability is helping us save more energy. You have a can-do attitude and offer a great service. We would happily work with you and Lotus Energy again, or recommend your company and services to others.   Sincerely, — Paul Sagan 

See more






Joshua Lipsman

                	"I am quite pleased with the service and product I received from Lotus Energy for the s...                







Marilyn Miller

                	"March 2014 Total: 563 kWh. That is how much electricity my solar panel provided me in ...                







Ed Roberts

                	"Since the solar panels have been installed, I have enjoyed watching my panels work. I ...                







Go back


Go home

















The only SunPower Elite dealer in Upstate NY.
SunPower: an American success story since 1985.
Lotus Solar: your trusted local solar installer since 1993.










Lotus Solar
98 Green St.
Hudson, NY  12534
(518) 828-3105
Info@LotusSolar.com


























Some of the area towns we serve:

AlbanyCoxsackieLoudonvilleScotia
AthensDelmarMechanicvilleSelkirk
BethlehemE. GreenbushPhilmontSlingerlands
CatskillGermantownQueensburyTroy
ChathamGlens FallsRensselaerWatervliet
Clifton ParkGreenwichSaratogaW. Sand Lake
CohoesHudsonSaugertiesWynantskill
ColonieKingstonSchenectadyLake George
Latham ...and yours, too!





 Albany Athens Bethlehem Catskill Chatham Clifton Park Cohoes Colonie Coxsackie Delmar East Greenbush
 Germantown Glens Falls Greenwich Hudson Kingston Lake George Latham Loudonville Mechanicville Philmont Queensbury
 Rensselaer Saratoga Saugerties Schenectady Scotia Selkirk Slingerlands Troy Watervliet West Sand Lake Wynantskill Marbletown Rochester  Olive 















© 2017
                              
                                Lotus Solar                              


































