




















 



 Nitin Sahney, Former President and CEO of Omnicare, Appointed as Operating Advisor to Clayton, 
         










    










 













 











 



















Nitin Sahney, Former President and CEO of Omnicare, Appointed as Operating Advisor to Clayton, Dubilier & Rice
        																																						
              











 News provided by
Clayton, Dubilier & Rice, LLC  
Jun 28, 2016, 08:30 ET









 Share this article





























































NEW YORK, June 28, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Clayton, Dubilier & Rice today announced the appointment of Nitin Sahney, former President and Chief Executive Officer of Omnicare, Inc., as an Operating Advisor to CD&R's funds.


Under Mr. Sahney's leadership, Omnicare implemented a complex growth plan and dramatically improved operating efficiency, culminating in the $12.7 billion sale of the company to CVS Health Corporation in 2015. At the time of sale, Omnicare had 13,000 employees, 160 U.S. locations and over $800 million of EBITDA. Prior to assuming Omnicare's CEO position, he held several senior leadership roles, including Chief Operating Officer and Executive Vice President and President of the Specialty Care Group.
"Nitin is a great business leader who has an outstanding record of building and transforming the businesses he has led," said CD&R Partner Rick Schnall. "He brings valuable perspective and experience to our growing healthcare investing activities."
CD&R has successfully invested in a number of healthcare companies which are positioned to benefit from the increased emphasis on reducing the cost of healthcare delivery and improving patient outcomes, including AssuraMed, a distributor of specialty medical products sold to Cardinal Health in March 2013; Envision Healthcare, a provider of facility-based outsourced physician and medical transportation services, which went public on the NYSE in 2013; Healogics, the largest outsourced wound care service provider in the U.S.; PharMEDium, a provider of hospital pharmacy-outsourced sterile compounding services sold to AmerisourceBergen in 2015; and Vets First Choice, a provider of cloud-based prescription management and pharmacy services for veterinary practitioners.
"I'm very pleased to be associated with CD&R," said Nitin Sahney. "This is a firm with strong values, a commitment to operational excellence and a very strong investment record in a number of industry sectors, including healthcare."
In 2001, Mr. Sahney founded RxCrossroads, an innovative healthcare start-up he built into a leading outsourced specialty services company serving both the biotech and pharmaceutical industries. RxCrossroads was sold to Omnicare in 2005. Prior to RxCrossroads, Nitin spent nine years in senior leadership positions at Cardinal Health, where he became the company's youngest general manager. From 2007 to 2010, he managed a personal healthcare investment fund.
He is an Independent Director of Exlservice Holdings, Inc. Mr. Sahney graduated with a Bachelor of Arts in Economics from Punjab University and a Master of Business Administration from Clarion University.
About Clayton, Dubilier & Rice
Founded in 1978, Clayton, Dubilier & Rice is a private investment firm with an investment strategy predicated on producing financial returns through building stronger, more profitable businesses. Since inception, CD&R has managed the investment of $21 billion in 66 businesses representing a broad range of industries with an aggregate transaction value of approximately $100 billion. The Firm has offices in New York and London. For more information, visit www.cdr-inc.com. 
 
To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/nitin-sahney-former-president-and-ceo-of-omnicare-appointed-as-operating-advisor-to-clayton-dubilier--rice-300290626.html
SOURCE  Clayton, Dubilier & Rice, LLC  Related Links

http://www.cdr-inc.com




 

















Jun 08, 2015, 03:00 ET
Preview: Clayton, Dubilier & Rice Partner with Management to Acquire Motor Fuel Group from Patron Capital in 500m British Pounds Sterling Transaction






My News


  Release contains wide tables.	  View fullscreen.





 You just read:
Nitin Sahney, Former President and CEO of Omnicare, Appointed as Operating Advisor to Clayton, Dubilier & Rice


 News provided by
Clayton, Dubilier & Rice, LLC  
Jun 28, 2016, 08:30 ET








 Share this article









































 











Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire?
Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform.
Sign up to get started
Request more information
Have an account? Log In



















Search











Searching for your content...









Advanced Search












































 





About | Nitin Sawhney




























































About






Home


Nitin Sawhney, Ph.D. is Assistant Professor of Media Studies at the New School and affiliated with the MIT Center for Civic Media. His research, teaching and creative practice engages the critical role of technology, artistic interventions and DIY cultures among communities in contested spaces.
Nitin previously taught at the MIT Program in Art, Culture and Technology (ACT) and conducted research at the MIT Media Lab on networked collaboration for sustainable product design, ubiquitous computing and responsive media in urban spaces. Nitin is affiliated with the MIT Center for Civic Media where he established the Department of Play, a research collaborative to design participatory media tools for marginalized youth.
Nitin has conducted research on urban renewal through the arts in divided cities, and creative resilience through youth media and activism in Palestine. Since 2006 he has conducted research and digital storytelling through the Voices Beyond Walls initiative with Palestinian youth in the West Bank, East Jerusalem and Gaza. He co-founded the Boston Palestine Film Festival in 2007 to showcase Palestinian films, arts and culture.
Nitin is conducting participatory media workshops and pilot research studies with youth in New York City, though the Engage Media Lab. He established the OccupyDataNYC Hackathons to facilitate participatory data-driven activism, and is developing an online platform and place-based initiative, MikroAct, to support urban tactics and civic action in neighborhoods of Moscow and NYC.
In 2013, Nitin completed his first feature-length documentary film, Flying Paper, about the participatory culture of kite making among children in Gaza, with support from National Geographic.
Faculty page at The New School for Public Engagement






 
Search


Meta 
Register Log in
Entries RSS
Comments RSS
WordPress.com 
 
















 














































































































































































Nitin Sahney, Former President and CEO of Omnicare, Appointed as Operating Advisor to Clayton, Dubilier & Rice - The Business Journals



































Menu









Select a City



National


Albany


Albuquerque


Atlanta


Austin


Baltimore


Birmingham


Boston


Buffalo


Charlotte


Chicago


Cincinnati


Columbus


Dallas


Dayton


Denver


Greensboro/Winston-Salem


Honolulu


Houston


Jacksonville


Kansas City


Los Angeles


Louisville


Memphis


Miami/Fort Lauderdale


Milwaukee


Minneapolis/St. Paul


Nashville


New York


Orlando


Philadelphia


Phoenix


Pittsburgh


Portland


Raleigh/Durham


Sacramento


San Antonio


San Francisco


Seattle


Silicon Valley


St. Louis


Tampa Bay


Washington, D.C.


Wichita

















Limited Time Offer
Subscribe Now







 Search


× Close











Sign In


Sign In
Your Account 




Your Account


Welcome
Your Account 










Sign In
Existing Users




Create Your FREE Account
Don't have an account?




 






Your Account




Subscriptions




Newsletters


 

Custom Notifications




My Custom Site




Manage Site Users


 

Sign Out











Sign In


Sign In
Your Account 











 Search








 Home




Industries & Topics 




All Industries & Topics



Banking & Financial Services




Career & Workplace




Commercial Real Estate




Education




Energy




Food & Lifestyle




Government & Regulations




Health Care




Manufacturing




Media & Marketing




Philanthropy & Nonprofits




Professional Services




Residential Real Estate




Retailing




Sports Business




Technology




Transportation




Travel & Tourism




Sponsored Content



CRE Now




We Value Your Business




Office Environments




Small Business Marketing




Know Your Neighborhood










News 





News



Latest News




Business Pulse




Press Releases






 


Lists & Awards 





Lists



All Lists




Build Your Own Lists






 


People & Companies 





Companies



Top Private Companies




Find Businesses for Sale




Search for Company News





People



People on the Move




Contact Top Executives




Executive Profiles




Search for People in the News






 


Events 





Events



Business Event Calendar




Nominations






 


More… 






Jobs
Find or post a job




Store
Subscriptions, reprints & more









How To
Grow your business, advance your career




Thought Leadership
Trends, tips and insights from our partners





 


Subscribers 








Manage your Account






 


About & Contact 








About The Business Journals




Advertise




Help & FAQs




Call Center Directory






 


Apps & Syndication 








Newsletters






 


ACBJ Publications 








Bizwomen




Upstart




Hemmings




Sports Business Journal




Inside Lacrosse




BostInno




DCInno




ChicagoInno




AustinInno






 


Select a City 




National


Albany


Albuquerque


Atlanta


Austin


Baltimore


Birmingham


Boston


Buffalo


Charlotte


Chicago


Cincinnati


Columbus


Dallas


Dayton


Denver


Greensboro/Winston-Salem


Honolulu


Houston


Jacksonville


Kansas City


Los Angeles


Louisville


Memphis


Miami/Fort Lauderdale


Milwaukee


Minneapolis/St. Paul


Nashville


New York


Orlando


Philadelphia


Phoenix


Pittsburgh


Portland


Raleigh/Durham


Sacramento


San Antonio


San Francisco


Seattle


Silicon Valley


St. Louis


Tampa Bay


Washington, D.C.


Wichita







Follow us




 Twitter


 LinkedIn


 Facebook


 Google +













 






Press Releases



Nitin Sahney, Former President and CEO of Omnicare, Appointed as Operating Advisor to Clayton, Dubilier & Rice






Jun 28, 2016, 8:30am EDT
















NEW YORK, June 28, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Clayton, Dubilier & Rice today announced the appointment of Nitin Sahney, former President and Chief Executive Officer of Omnicare, Inc., as an Operating Advisor to CD&R's funds.
Under Mr. Sahney's leadership, Omnicare implemented a complex growth plan and dramatically improved operating efficiency, culminating in the $12.7 billion sale of the company to CVS Health Corporation in 2015. At the time of sale, Omnicare had 13,000 employees, 160 U.S. locations and over $800 million of EBITDA. Prior to assuming Omnicare's CEO position, he held several senior leadership roles, including Chief Operating Officer and Executive Vice President and President of the Specialty Care Group.
"Nitin is a great business leader who has an outstanding record of building and transforming the businesses he has led," said CD&R Partner Rick Schnall. "He brings valuable perspective and experience to our growing healthcare investing activities."
CD&R has successfully invested in a number of healthcare companies which are positioned to benefit from the increased emphasis on reducing the cost of healthcare delivery and improving patient outcomes, including AssuraMed, a distributor of specialty medical products sold to Cardinal Health in March 2013; Envision Healthcare, a provider of facility-based outsourced physician and medical transportation services, which went public on the NYSE in 2013; Healogics, the largest outsourced wound care service provider in the U.S.; PharMEDium, a provider of hospital pharmacy-outsourced sterile compounding services sold to AmerisourceBergen in 2015; and Vets First Choice, a provider of cloud-based prescription management and pharmacy services for veterinary practitioners.
"I'm very pleased to be associated with CD&R," said Nitin Sahney. "This is a firm with strong values, a commitment to operational excellence and a very strong investment record in a number of industry sectors, including healthcare."
In 2001, Mr. Sahney founded RxCrossroads, an innovative healthcare start-up he built into a leading outsourced specialty services company serving both the biotech and pharmaceutical industries. RxCrossroads was sold to Omnicare in 2005. Prior to RxCrossroads, Nitin spent nine years in senior leadership positions at Cardinal Health, where he became the company's youngest general manager. From 2007 to 2010, he managed a personal healthcare investment fund.
He is an Independent Director of Exlservice Holdings, Inc. Mr. Sahney graduated with a Bachelor of Arts in Economics from Punjab University and a Master of Business Administration from Clarion University.
About Clayton, Dubilier & Rice
Founded in 1978, Clayton, Dubilier & Rice is a private investment firm with an investment strategy predicated on producing financial returns through building stronger, more profitable businesses. Since inception, CD&R has managed the investment of $21 billion in 66 businesses representing a broad range of industries with an aggregate transaction value of approximately $100 billion. The Firm has offices in New York and London. For more information, visit www.cdr-inc.com. 
 
To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/nitin-sahney-former-president-and-ceo-of-omnicare-appointed-as-operating-advisor-to-clayton-dubilier--rice-300290626.html
SOURCE  Clayton, Dubilier & Rice, LLC




The information on this page is provided by PR Newswire. All rights reserved. Reproduction or redistribution of this content without prior written consent from PR Newswire is strictly prohibited.  is not responsible for this content. Learn more about this service.








 





 





About PR Newswire







                                            The information on this page is provided by PR Newswire. The Business Journals is not responsible for this content.
                                        



Learn More







 









 
 


 


  


 












Nitin Sahney, Omnicare, Inc President & CEO - REDBOOKS








































Brands, Marketers, Agencies. Search Less. Sell More.





/   SIGN IN

GET A FREE TRIAL   
CONTACT US: (800) 908-5395





















Nitin  Sahney
President & CEO, Omnicare, Inc

EMAIL: 
                      







              Real-time sales trigger feed - generated by REDBOOKS machine learning and natural language processing technology, tracking 800,000+ news sources to aggregate all new executives, job/role changes and news on decision makers, brands and agencies in the media/marketing industry.
              

              This sales feed is for Nitin  Sahney at Omnicare, Inc. Nitin  Sahney works as President & CEO , acting in a Executive Management role .  Omnicare, Inc is a leader in Pharmaceuticals & Health Care Products .
              REDBOOKS tracks personnel changes for advertisers spending over $1 million annually.
              

              For more Executive Management leads or media/marketing prospecting automation, start a free trial now.
              

Recent Related News


03/17/2017:


Specialty Biopharma Services Company PharmaCord Launched

..... The company seamlessly links and manages the more complicated aspects of treatment delivery, facilitating access for patients to innovative treatments by serving as a connector between manufacturers, patients, physicians and payors (see also Pharmaceutical Companies).
With over twenty years' industry experience and multiple product launches in the specialty channel, Nitin Sahney, the company's founder and CEO, has led companies through transformational growth and served as a major player in the nation's healthcare industry. As founder of RxCrossroads, a specialty pharmaceutical services startup, and President & CEO of Omnicare, a former Fortune 500 leader in the long-term care and specialty care industry, Sahney has introduced innovative approaches in healthcare and pharmaceuticals. .....

People In This Article:
Nitin Sahney
 

03/03/2017:


Exclusive: Former CEO starts new health care venture, brings jobs to Louisville

Nitin Sahney, the former CEO of Omnicare Inc. (NYSE: OCR) and founder of RxCrossroads, is at it again with a new Louisville-based venture called PharmaCord LLC. .....

People In This Article:
Nitin Sahney
 






Learn more about Nitin  Sahney  and 260,000+ key contacts

  Create targeted lead lists

  Gain insider knowledge with advanced machine  learning
  Real-time verified contact info



Enter Work Email:

Please enter email address.
 Please enter valid email address.









             Learn more about Nitin  Sahney and 260,000+ key contacts
            



























First Name *

 Please enter first name.




Last Name *

 Please enter last name.






Company Name *

 Please enter company name.






Email *





Phone *

 Please enter phone number.
 Please enter 10 digits number.





What industry are you in? *  
                (Please select one the categories below)
Please enter value for the industry.




                     Media Sales
                  




                     Production
                  




                     Ad-Tech/Mar-Tech
                  




                     Sponsorship Sales
                  



  Agency New Business
                  



  Other:
                  




What is your role? *
                 
                 (Please select one the categories below)
Please enter value for the role.



  C-Suite
                  



  VP/Manager
                  



  Sales Rep
                  



  Other:
                  














Thank you for registering for a Free REDBOOKS.com Trial!
We are processing your request and will be in touch shortly to get you started!
For Immediate Assistance, please call us at (800) 908-5395 or email us at info@redbooks.com


























Home
Learn More
FREE Trial


Features




AD THINK Events
Thought Leadership Events
Top Advertiser Directory
Top Agency Directory



Add Your Agency
Update Your Agency
Agency Showcase
Advertising Associations
Creative Spotlight
Services and Suppliers


About Us
Blog
Contact Us
Jobs
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy





Customer Support
(800) 908-5395
Connect with us




















Copyright © 2017 Red Books LLC. All rights reserved
































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft

















Nitin Sahney | PharmaCord

























 




 















Select Page


  
 



 



 








NITIN SAHNEY
Founder and Chief Executive Officer
Mr. Nitin Sahney is the founder and Chief Executive Officer of PharmaCord. As the driving force and visionary behind PharmaCord, Mr. Sahney leverages his vast experience within the healthcare sector. He understands and recognizes both the importance of innovation for key support services and the significance of on-going operational excellence. Throughout the years Mr. Sahney has worked with manufacturing partners to develop innovative solutions supporting over 40 product launches spanning a 20-year period. He brings this passion and leadership not only to PharmaCord, but to the clients we serve as well.
 
Continue Reading

 



 
 
 



Prior to founding PharmaCord, Mr. Sahney served as the Chief Executive Officer of Omnicare Inc., a Fortune 500 company. He held a number of roles of increasing responsibilities including President and Chief Operating Officer. Mr. Sahney rejoined Omnicare to expedite and propel the formation of its Specialty Care Group. Under Mr. Sahney’s leadership, Omnicare implemented a complex growth plan and dramatically improved operating efficiency, culminating in the $13 billion sale of the company to CVS Health Corporation in 2015. He also launched RxCrossroads in 2001 to provide patient access services for specialty pharmaceuticals in partnership with biopharma manufacturers.
Mr. Sahney is one of the healthcare industry’s leading strategic operators and is widely recognized for an exceptional record of building value at Fortune 100 and 500 healthcare and pharmaceutical services companies. Currently he is an Independent Director of ExlService Holdings, Inc. and is on the Board of Trustees for the University of Louisville. He also served as an Operating Advisor to Clayton, Dubilier & Rice. Mr. Sahney has a Bachelor of Arts in Economics from Punjab University and an MBA from Clarion University in Pennsylvania.
To contact Nitin, click here
 
 
 

 

Return to Executive Profiles

 
 
 
 



 6100 Dutchmans Lane, 12th Floor Louisville, KY 40205 502-805-3400 | info@pharmacord.com
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 













 



















	Nitin Sawhney - Assistant Professor of Media Studies


















The New School





Public Engagement
























Public Engagement


















University LinksMyNewSchoolCampus MapCourse CatalogFaculty & Staff DirectoryResources and Services
Prospective StudentsStudentsParentsAlumniSupporters and FriendsFacultyEmployees
ParsonsLangPerforming ArtsMannesJazzDramaThe New School for Social ResearchParsons ParisMilanoMedia StudiesAdult Bachelor'sTESOLCreative WritingContinuing Education (Open Campus)
Social MediaWebsite Feedback










                Academics
            


                            Environmental Studies (BA/BS)
                        


                            Global Studies (BA)
                        


                            Liberal Arts (BA/BS)
                        


                            Musical Theater (BFA)
                        


                            Psychology (BA)
                        


                            Urban Studies (BA)
                        


                            Creative Writing (MFA)
                        


                            Environmental Policy and Sustainability Management (MS)
                        


                            International Affairs (MA/MS)
                        


                            Media Studies (BA/BS)
                        


                            Media Studies (MA)
                        


                            Media Management (MS)
                        


                            Nonprofit Management (MS)
                        


                            Organizational Change Management (MS)
                        


                            Teaching English to Speakers of Other Languages (MA)
                        


                            Urban Policy Analysis and Management (MS)
                        


                            Creative Arts and Health (Certificate)
                        


                            Documentary Media Studies (Graduate Certificate)
                        


                            ESL University Preparation (Certificate)
                        


                            ESL + Design Certificate
                        


                            Film Production (Certificate)
                        


                            Leadership and Change (Post-GMasters Certificate)
                        


                            Media Management (Graduate Certificate)
                        


                            Organization Development (Post-Masters Certificate)
                        


                            Screenwriting (Certificate)
                        


                            Sustainability Strategies (Post-Masters Certificate)
                        


                            Teaching English to Speakers of Other Languages (Certificate)
                        


                            Public and Urban Policy (PhD)
                        


                            Food Studies (BA/BS)
                        


                            Food Studies (AAS)
                        


                            ESL + Food Certificate
                        


                            Creative Writing (BA)
                        




                About
            


                            Schools
                        


                            Message from the Dean
                        


                            History
                        


                            Administration
                        


                            Civic Engagement
                        


                            News and Events
                        




                Admission
            


                            Application Information
                        


                            Bachelor's Program Events
                        


                            Graduate School Events
                        


                            Graduate School Admission FAQ
                        


                            Graduate Student Ambassadors
                        


                            International Students
                        


                            Military Benefits
                        


                            Transfer Students
                        




                Profiles
            


                Faculty
            

















The New School

School of Media Studies












                About
            


                Degrees and Programs
            


                Faculty
            


                Summer Filmmaking Intensive
            


                Student Work Showcases
            


                Academic Advising
            


                Internships and Independent Study
            


                Scholarships, Fellowships, and Assistantships
            


                News
            


                Events
            

































Faculty
Nitin SawhneyAssistant Professor of Media StudiesEmail:nitin@newschool.eduOffice Location:79 Fifth AvenueDownload vCardProfile:
Nitin Sawhney is an Assistant Professor of Media Studies at The New School. His current research, teaching and creative practice engages the critical role of technology, civic media, and artistic interventions in contested spaces. He examines social movements and crisis contexts, though forms of creative urban tactics, participatory research, performance and documentary film.

	Nitin completed his doctoral degree at the MIT Media Lab, where he conducted research on networked collaboration for sustainable product design, ubiquitous and wearable computing, speech/auditory interfaces, and responsive media in urban community spaces. He co-founded Akaza Research, a startup software firm, to develop open source tools and online repositories for public biomedical research with support from the National Institutes of Health (NIH), and directed new product development at Cytel, Inc. for statistical simulation tools to support adaptive clinical trials.

	Nitin is a research affiliate with the MIT Center for Civic Media, where he co-founded the Department of Play, a research collaborative, to design participatory mobile video, mapping and pedagogical tools to support creative expression and civic agency among marginalized youth. Nitin was awarded a Visionary Fellowship at MIT in 2008 with the Jerusalem 2050 Project at the Dept. of Urban Studies and Planning and the Center for International Studies, conducting research on urban renewal and civic engagement through the media arts in divided cities such as Belfast and Jerusalem. His current work includes OccupyData Hackathons to facilitate participatory data-driven activism, and developing a collaborative online platform and place-based initiative, MikroAct, to support urban tactics and civic action in neighborhoods of Moscow and NYC. He recently conducted workshops in Moscow examining Invisible Borders in the city.

	Since 2006 he has conducted research and digital storytelling initiatives (Voices Beyond Walls) with Palestinian youth in the West Bank, East Jerusalem and Gaza. He established the Engage Media Lab as a program at The New School for students to design and conduct participatory media-based learning and assessment with youth in New York City. Nitin organized and co-chaired the International Conference on Interaction Design and Children (IDC 2013) at The New School in partnership with Sesame Workshop in June 23-27, 2013, with over 400 participants from around the world attending and presenting at the conference.

Nitin recently completed a documentary film, Flying Paper, about the participatory culture of kite making and flying among children in Gaza, with support from National Geographic. Nitin is currently developing a participatory media project, Zona Intervenida, focusing on genocide, memory and body through site-specific performance interventions and documentary film in Quetzaltenango, Guatemala.
Recent Publications:
	 

	Christo de Klerk, Nitin Sawhney, and Shriya Malhotra. MikroAct: Designing to Mobilize Collective Urban Action. Using ICT, Social Media and Mobile Technologies to Foster Self-Organization in Urban and Neighborhood Governance, Delft University, The Netherlands, May 16-17, 2013.

	Nitin Sawhney. Making Sense of Participatory Video: Approaches for Participatory Content Analysis. The Handbook of Participatory Video, AltaMira Press. August 2012.

	Nitin Sawhney, Raed Yacoub, Julie M. Norman. Jerusalem and Belfast: Envisioning Media Arts for Urban Renewal and Cultural Identity in Divided Cities. The Jerusalem Quarterly Journal, Institute for Jerusalem Studies, October 2009, Issue 39. pp. 62-80.

	Nitin Sawhney. Voices Beyond Walls: The Role of Digital Storytelling for Empowering Marginalized Youth in Refugee Camps. International Conference on Interaction Design and Children, Workshop on Digital Technologies and Marginalized Youth, June 3–5, 2009, Como, Italy.

	Nitin Sawhney, Saul Griffith, Yael Maguire and Timothy Prestero. ThinkCycle: Sharing Distributed Design Knowledge for Open Collaborative Design. International Journal of Technologies for the Advancement of Knowledge and Learning (TechKnowLogia), Jan 2002, Vol. 4 Issue 1. pp. 49-53.

	Nitin Sawhney, Sean Wheeler and Chris Schmandt. Aware Community Portals: Shared Information Appliances for Transitional Spaces. Springer-Verlag Journal of Personal and Ubiquitous Computing, February 2001, Vol. 5, Issue 1. pp. 66-70.

	Nitin Sawhney and Chris Schmandt. Nomadic Radio: Speech and Audio Interaction for Contextual Messaging in Nomadic Environments. ACM Transactions on Computer-Human Interaction with Mobile Systems (TOCHI), Sept. 2000, Vol. 7 Issue 3. pp. 353-383.

	Nitin Sawhney, David Balcom and Ian Smith. Authoring and Navigating Video in Space and Time. IEEE Multimedia Journal, October-December 1997, Vol. 4, Issue 4. pp. 30-39.

	 
Research Interests:
	Participatory media technologies, collaborative learning platforms, creative DIY cultures, civic media and artistic intervention in conflict and crisis, responsive media and tactical design in urban public spaces, mobile video and speech/audio interaction, hybrid documentary film practice, digital storytelling and resilience among marginalized children and adolescents in global contexts, creative activism and civic agency among youth in the Middle East.
Awards and Honors:

		Flying Paper Awarded Best Documentary (Foreign), The Indie Gathering International Film Festival, August 2013.



		Seed grant for documentary film “Flying Paper” awarded by the National Geographic All Roads Film Project, May 12, 2011



		Jerusalem Visionary Fellowship awarded by the MIT Dept. of Urban Studies and Planning and the Center for International Studies, 2008-2009



		Dedication to Activism through the Arts awarded for the Boston Palestine Film Festival (co-founder) by the American-Arab Anti-Discrimination Committee, May 31, 2008



		Martin Fellow for Sustainability awarded by the Martin Family Foundation and the MIT Laboratory for Energy and Environment, 2002-2003



		First Douglas Engelbart Best Paper Award at the ACM SIGWEB Hypertext Conference for “HyperCafe: Narrative and Aesthetic Properties of Hypervideo,” March 1996 

Current Courses:Media EthicsEngage Media LabParticapatory ResearchArt, Media, and ConflictCo-Lab:Urban Tactics & Med EcoThesis Proposal (Open Campus)Thesis Supervision (Open Campus)



































Milano School of International Affairs, Management, and Urban Policy
School of Languages
School of Media Studies
Bachelor's Program for Adults and Transfer Students
MFA Creative Writing Program







×












A Conversation with Nitin Sahney, Omnicare Specialty Care Group

























































 









 































 











A Conversation with Nitin Sahney, Omnicare Specialty Care Group

May 1, 2013 
 









Since the 1990s, Omnicare (Cincinnati) has been one of the leading pharmacy supply services to the long-term care (LTC) market. Starting in the mid-2000s, the company made a series of acquisitions and, in November 2010, unified them as the Omnicare Specialty Care Group (SCG). Nitin Sahney, who had founded one of the acquired companies, RxCrossroads, in 2001, was appointed president of SCG in 2010 and recently became president and chief operating officer of Omnicare.

						 
 SCG has five “platforms” for services to the biopharma industry: Brand Support Services; Supply Chain Solutions; Patient Support Services; Specialty Pharmacy; and End of Life Care. The first three are offered on a fee-for-service basis to manufacturers, making SCG a marketing support organization, a specialty hub provider and a specialty distributor; the latter two involve consigned pharmaceutical products, some of which flow into the parent’s LTC business. Currently, SCG is growing at a 20% per year clip, and reported revenue of about $1.3 billion in 2012, representing more than a fifth of the parent company’s business.




		 



Pharmaceutical Commerce sat down with Mr. Sahney to talk about specialty distribution, the healthcare market and industry needs. Here’s what he had to say.

		 

1) Omnicare Specialty Care Group is made up of four businesses—PBM Plus, RxCrossroads, Excellerx and ACS, all of whom maintain their own identity. How did these companies come together, and how is it planned for them to work together going forward?

		 

		Little more than two years ago, the Specialty Care Group essentially did not exist. Instead, it was a collection of five separate businesses that Omnicare had acquired over the years, each operating independently and unaware of any operating and strategic synergies that may have existed. These businesses also lacked direction and the structure required to generate consistent operating improvements and sales results. Today, the Specialty Care Group is an integrated, well-oiled operating entity that is competing very well in the marketplace.

		 

		We achieved this by laying a very solid foundation operationally and strategically by constructing a very good operational team and developed a brand new sales function. What we did was to integrate these four entities into five distinct platforms. You can notice these are five platforms; four of them are pointed toward biopharmaceutical services. That is brand support services, supply chain, patient support services and our specialty pharmacy business.

		 

		Three out of our five platforms are fee-for-service, which is very exciting for us and we feel there’s a lot of opportunity in that area. In three of the five platforms the manufacturer owns the product, so we do not have any inventory risk. On the other two that are focused on dispensing to the patients, our specialty pharmacy has been growing very robustly and we expect that to continue. We want to be a full-service commercialization partner for challenging products of today’s biopharma industry. We also promise to provide the quickest possible access to patients for these specialty products.

		 

		We’ve also made substantial capital investments in the past two years, building or expanding two logistics centers in Kentucky, and opening another patient-support call center last year. Specialty pharmacy is headquarted in Orlando, FL, and is backed up by facilities in Memphis, Louisville and Philadelphia.

		 

2) How much overlap is there with Omnicare’s main line of business, which is focused strongly on the LTC market?

		 

		We believe our specialty care group adds tremendous value to Omnicare. In addition to being closer to the manufacturer, the business also diversifies Omnicare’s payer mix with the substantial amount of EBITDA now coming from nongovernment resources.

		 

		Within our SCG business, our focus remains on accelerating growth within our fee-for-service business, and we are actively developing new solutions for our biopharma clients. Our specialty pharmacy platform is also gaining traction through limited distribution networks. One unique example is the drug Xenazine [ed. note: tetrabenazine, a therapy for Huntington’s disease, marketed in the US by Lundbeck], where we have utilized our LTC footprint to become the exclusive provider of this product within the LTC channel. We will continue to evaluate opportunities like this to better leverage our assets; with both our businesses now under the leadership of one team, we believe we are in a better position to do so.

		Now that both our businesses are in the single management team, we are focused in a very standardized way on metrics and with the same sense of urgency that helped us construct the Specialty Care Group. Our multiphase plan for our long-term care business is underway and we’ll focus on Omnicare’s key differentiated services, clinical operations and technology.

		 

3) Brand Support and Supply Chain Solutions are focused very clearly on serving manufacturers. What does Omnicare do that differentiates it from other players in this market, and what do these differentiators mean for your biopharma clients?

		 

		We believe our specialty offering is very differentiated from our competitors, due to the integrated nature of our services and that is resonating very well with our customers. Our structure allows us to provide a complete turnkey alternative for some of the manufacturers. While we can handle selected services for our clients, it is our integrated, end-to-end approach from sales support to dispensing where we can be a true partner with our pharma clients.

		 

		One of the key differentiators is that we can represent a manufacturer. So we’re out there to help them in the fee-for-service business, vs. somebody else who may be offering a multitude of products for that therapeutic class. This aligns us perfectly with the manufacturer. We have an internal physician sales staff—of not insignificant size—that calls on physicians to help with accessing specialty pharmaceuticals. And again, due to the fact that we have the Specialty Pharmacy, we are unique as we’re the only company to cross all these different platforms.

		 

4) How are the patient support services structured and delivered? Does Omnicare Specialty have an advantage in providing both supplier services and patient services?

		 

		We try to make certain through the solutions that we develop for these branded products that we are engaging the patients and making them involved in their therapies. And then we leverage our distribution expertise to deliver either to practitioners directly, to patients directly, or to make use of what we have in the institutional pharmacy side of our business—the footprint that we have nationally. Besides the specialty pharmacy network, we have more than 170 institutional pharmacies serving 47 states, the District of Columbia and Canada.

		 

		Patient support is two things: One, how do we create access to the products and get patients on therapy? Tools include a reimbursement support program, and hub access services to address the barriers in the marketplace. Again, we’re doing this on behalf of our manufacturing partners.

		 

		Two, on the back side, we want to make certain we maintain that patient on therapy through these tools such as compliance and persistency, copay support programs and ultimately the distribution with the product. The end result is we want to make certain that the patient remains on therapy and mitigate any of the challenges that are in the marketplace today.

		 

5) What is the near-term outlook for SCG?

		 

		Since our Specialty Care Group was formed in late 2010, we laid a foundation for significant growth. We invested in our operations and infrastructure, including building a new sales force. For the last eight quarters, we’ve seen this performance show itself in double-digit revenue and EBITDA growth.

		 

		While I’ll tell you that we don’t believe that we can continue to grow at the 20% to 30% rates we’ve seen thus far, we do believe that this is a double-digit, long-term growth story for two reasons.

		 

		First, the industry grows in the high single digits. We have already seen significant increases in specialty molecule drugs over the last several years, and that will continue into the future. If you look at today’s pipeline, there is a saturation of traditional drugs in the marketplace, but we see continued increases in the pipeline of specialty drugs. Today, there are more than 900 specialty products in the current pipeline.

		 

		Secondly, the number of drugs that we have in our business today is very small relative to the number of drugs in the marketplace and the growth that’s coming. There are good opportunities ahead for us as the market has yet to mature in our view. We will continue to enhance our structure, where warranted, adding key talent to further our credibility with our biopharma clients. We will also look to penetrate additional disease states to open up markets in underserved therapeutic states, like orphan drugs. We also will look at ways to leverage both the SCG and LTC assets collectively, especially with both businesses now being under one management team. Taken together, we believe our Specialty Care Group is well positioned to capitalize on these opportunities.

		 

6) As you put yourself in your pharma customers’ shoes, what are the big problems or challenges to be overcome in today’s healthcare market? What would you advise pharma companies to do to meet them?

		 

		From a market dynamics challenge, we’re in an interesting time right now in that specialty pharmacy and specialty products are taking a larger segment from a cost standpoint. So, we’re seeing the payers come forward with a number of initiatives to help control and contain costs, leveraging tools such as prior authorization and step added therapies to contain costs and barriers to access.

		 

		At the top of the list of challenges are growing healthcare price and budget pressures, followed by the growing need to demonstrate cost effectiveness. This not only impacts FDA approval, but also can have implications to reimbursement and coverage.

		 

		From the governmental side, the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act is going to create more complexity in this marketplace. It will challenge consumers with how they are going to obtain insurance. We believe there’ll be an increase in the number of underinsured individuals, creating an opportunity for us to help support these patients as they try to access complex therapies.

		 

		Finally, there’s just the unique nature of the products that are coming to market, whether they’re cold-chain, limited distribution, or orphan drugs for small patient populations. Supply chain challenges and developing the appropriate strategy to get products to market are causing biopharma to really look beyond a traditional marketing and channel management strategy and to execution of specialty services and specialty distribution.

		 

		Payer actions like restricted access, step edits, prior authorizations and the like are understandable. Scrutiny of high prices for specialty drugs is warranted. At the same time, I worry that payers are not paying enough attention to the overall cost of healthcare. Restricted access to new therapies can mean higher hospitalization costs and lower quality of life. Look at how the scene has changed for multiple sclerosis, with multiple therapies available now that vastly improve the quality of life. We remain on the side of the manufacturer in these regards: new medications can lessen overall patient cost and reduce human suffering.

		 

7) Looking back to your early days in the industry—and looking ahead at the prospects for SCG, how has all of this affected you personally?

		 

		I’m an entrepreneur at heart. When I first came to the US from India, I had wonderful opportunities to learn, working at a home infusion company and then at a major wholesaler—this was in the early 1990s, before wholesaling became so consolidated, and before PBMs. I saw the need for patient support services as the pharmaceutical industry evolved, and that led to the founding of RxCrossroads in 2001. We started from scratch.

		 

		After that company was sold to Omnicare, I left and spent considerable time back in India, doing pro bono work and becoming more knowledgeable about the pharma industry there, which is dominated by the generics makers. By now I had a family, with two daughters, and they’ve spent considerable time in India as well.

		 

		The India market is very dynamic, and has a bright future. Logistics is the problem there—how to distribute drugs across a vast subcontinent, with a population of 1.2 billion. No cold chain, few well-performing supply chain services. They’ll work that out over time. The other point I would make is that specialty products have a future there. In the past, people believed that complex conditions like rheumatoid arthritis or multiple sclerosis are effects of developed Western economies. They’re not—they are universal problems. Specialty products will be needed.

		 

		When I returned to Omnicare, I felt that we had a dramatic opportunity to provide real value to the pharma industry, and ultimately to healthcare delivery in the US. We have a solid management team, and we’re executing well on a solid strategy. The future is bright.

		 

		I love living here in the Midwest, in the Cincinnati area. People told me Cincinnati and Kentucky are not cosmopolitan areas, but I find a rich culture with interesting people here. It’s tremendously satisfying to be part of a company that’s generating hundreds of new jobs. And there is still a lot of work to be done and challenges to be met.


	 

















WE RECOMMENDClinical OperationsClinical operations are heading for a unified digital platform, but how fast?Latest NewsWoodfield Distribution offers 3PL-based DSCSA compliance servicesCold Chain FocusHoneywell bids to be a player in healthcare logisticsLatest NewsFDA moves to withdraw Opana opioid from the marketClinical OperationsMaking a business of ‘compassionate use’ drug distribution 











Most Popular

Blockchain: the technology to make DSCSA work after 2023?
FDA postpones DSCSA compliance for one year
Pharma’s cold chain is going below zero
Little applause—but little praise—for FDA’s delay of DSCSA enforcement
Artificial intelligence’s value in influencing treatment decisions



DIGITAL EDITIONRead the July/August 2017 Issue now  It's Free!
Industry Events




11th Annual Forum on Transparency & Aggregate Spend



August 14 - August 16 




Reimbursement and Access 2017



August 15 - August 16 




Patient Journey Mapping – From Diagnosis to Treatment



August 15 @ 8:00 am - August 16 @ 5:00 pm 




Medical Affairs Value Assessment & Lifecycle Innovation Summit



August 15 @ 8:00 am - August 16 @ 5:00 pm 




CBI’s Expedited Review Pathways Summit



August 16 - August 17 




Reimbursement and Access 2017



August 16 - August 17 




Partnering with IDNs BioPharma Strategy Summit



August 16 @ 8:00 am - August 17 @ 5:00 pm 




Specialty Pharmacy Network Design Summit



August 17 - August 18 




NACDS Total Store Expo



August 19 - August 22 




Life Sciences Forum on Data Science & Business Intelligence



August 21 - August 22 



View All Events



 







If you find this content valuable, join our email list to receive notification of our next bi-monthly issue in your inbox!



Name



Email



Subscribe

 
 













