










 













 







Salem Femasys Investors LLC - Pooled Investment Fund- Dyett  FormDs.com - SEC filings of fundraisings and investments in hedge funds, private equity firms, startups, and growing companies 











 FormDs.com 





 Newest
 Filter
 Local




 









Salem Femasys Investors LLC

      Industry: Pooled Investment Fund
      (See others in industry)

Address:



    11111 Santa Monica Blvd., Suite 2250  
    Los Angeles, CA, 90025Phone: 310.806.4200 




Filings



Date
FilingType
Reported Sold
Incremental Cash 
Type
Exemptions
Link to Raw Filing




	2017-01-06


New


$3,007,437


$3,007,437


Equity Only


06b


SEC link




	2016-12-22


New


$18,447,563


$18,447,563


Equity Only


06b


SEC link




	2015-04-27


New


$6,875,000


$6,875,000


Equity Only


06b


SEC link






Directors and Executives (Current and Past)



Name
Role



 John Dyett 
 Promoter 





















 




Salem Femasys Investors LLC - List of CEOs, founders and company directors

















directorpedia.net - List of CEOs, founders, board members and company directors











Salem Femasys Investors LLC
List of persons related to the company Salem Femasys Investors LLC. Find out list of CEOs, founders, board members, and company directors of Salem Femasys Investors LLC.

CIK Number: 0001640440Company address: 11111 SANTA MONICA BLVD., SUITE 2250  LOS ANGELES 90025Phone number: 310.806.4200



People related to Salem Femasys Investors LLC
NamePositionStreetCityCountryDyett  John11111 Santa Monica Blvd. Suite 2250Los AngelesCA




Salem Femasys Investors LLC on the Web
Related companiesSALEM 2X FUND LP, Salem Global Opportunity Fund (Offshore), Ltd, Salem Global Opportunity Fund, L.P., Salem Hotel Group, LLC, Salem Investment Partners III, Limited Partnership, Salem Investment Partners IV, Limited Partnership, Salem Lakes Storage, LLC, Salem Ridge Apartments LLC, Salem Sebacia Investors, LLC, Salem Surgery Center, Ltd., Salem ZS Investors, LLC, Salemarked, Inc., SaleMove, Inc.












 



























 



 Femasys Completes $10.2 Million Series B Financing Round 
         










    










 






 











 









Femasys Completes $10.2 Million Series B Financing Round

Apr 29, 2015, 11:13 ET
		  		  					
						 from   Femasys Inc. 











 
















































 

 















































 

 

 
 
 
 







Femasys Inc.    
 Facebook
 Twitter
 Pinterest

































 




 




Femasys Inc.
 


 

 




 





 


ATLANTA, April 29, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- Femasys Inc., a developer of innovative medical devices for the women's healthcare market has raised a $10.2 million financing round.  The investor group was led by Legacy Capital Partners and Mario Family Partners, the family offices of life sciences industry veterans John Adams, Jr. and Dr. Ernest Mario. Joining the Company's board of directors is Mr. Adams, former CEO of Adams Respiratory Therapeutics.  Salem Partners, a Los Angeles based investment bank focused on life sciences, advised the Company on the transaction and participated as a principal investor.
Femasys has developed a groundbreaking non-surgical female sterilization device (FemBloc™ Permanent Contraceptive System) that allows physicians to deliver exclusively in their office a biomaterial through a catheter based system to permanently block the fallopian tubes that substantially reduces patient risks and costs by eliminating the use of anesthesia and permanent implants.  The company has also expanded options for women with its two commercially available products for diagnosis of infertility (FemVue® Saline-Air device) and cervical cancer (FemCerv® Endocervical Sampler) that present significant advantages for the patient, physician and healthcare system.    
"We are pleased to have the support and confidence of this esteemed group of investors," said Kathy Lee-Sepsick, Femasys' President and CEO. "This round of funding will enable Femasys to invest in the people and programs necessary to achieve the Investigational Device Exemption (IDE) milestone for FemBloc and expand commercialization globally for our diagnostic products to allow women access to better options when it comes to managing their health needs."
"Femasys fills an important and significant gap in the women's healthcare continuum," said John Q. Adams, Jr., Legacy Capital Partners. "We believe that both physicians and patients will have great interest in the innovative new technologies and that we can provide value to the company through our highly experienced investor syndicate." 
ABOUT FEMASYS INC. | www.femasys.com  Femasys Inc., based in Atlanta, GA, is a privately held corporation committed to advancing women's healthcare worldwide by expanding options for women with innovative medical devices and next generation advancements providing significant clinical impact.  Additional information about Femasys and the Company's products can be found at www.femasys.com 
ABOUT LEGACY CAPITAL PARTNERS John Adams, Jr. was the former CEO of Adams Respiratory Therapeutics, developer of the Mucinex brands. Adams was sold to Reckitt Benckiser in 2008 for $2.3 billion.  Mr. Adams has been in the pharmaceutical industry for over 30 years and has made investments in a number of development-stage companies.  Legacy Capital Partners is based in Southlake, TX.
ABOUT MARIO FAMILY PARTNERS Mario Family Partners is the private equity arm of Dr. Ernest Mario's family office.  Dr. Mario was the former CEO of Alza Corporation which was sold to Johnson & Johnson for $12 billion in 2001, the largest-ever M&A deal for J&J at the time.  He was previously CEO of Glaxo and currently sits on the boards of Boston Scientific Corporation and Celgene Corporation among others. 
ABOUT SALEM PARTNERS LLC | www.salempartners.com Salem Partners is a boutique investment bank and wealth management firm based in Los Angeles that specializes in raising growth capital and executing M&A assignments for companies in the media, life sciences and industrial sectors.  Salem has a strong track record in life sciences, having raised substantially all of the private capital for Adams Respiratory Therapeutics, ZS Pharma, Inc. and Neos Therapeutics.
Femasys, FemBloc, FemVue and FemCerv are registered trademarks of Femasys Inc.  All rights reserved.
Media Contact:             Jerry Fink 770-500-3910 
Logo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20110502/CL93858LOGO 
 SOURCE  Femasys Inc.  

RELATED LINKS
http://www.femasys.com



  

 View Table Fullscreen 




  View Table Fullscreen 





Journalists and Bloggers
The news you need, when you need it.
 
Join PR Newswire for Journalists to access all of the free services designated to make your job easier.
In need of subject matter experts for your story? Submit a free ProfNet request and find the sources you need.
LEARN MORE




 

 
 



















































  
















Jul 09, 2015, 11:27 ET
Preview: Femasys Secures Term Loan Facility from Silicon Valley Bank















Jul 08, 2014, 16:36 ET
Preview: Femasys Signs Distribution Agreement with McKesson Medical-Surgical for FemCerv Device for Diagnosis of Cervical Cancer






My News


  Release contains wide tables.	  View fullscreen.





Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire?
Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform.
Sign up to get started
Request more information
Have an account? Log In

 















Search











Searching for your content...









Advanced Search












































 


 


Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Femasys Inc. raises $4m – MassDevice







































































 















MassDeviceThe Medical Device Business Journal — Medical Device News & Articles | MassDevice 

Home » Femasys Inc. raises $4mFemasys Inc. raises $4m
January 17, 2017 By Sarah Faulkner Leave a Comment Femasys Inc. said last week that it raised $4 million, according to a regulatory document filed with the SEC. Atlanta-based Femasys wrote that 8 investors contributed to the round and that it paid Los Angeles-based investment bank Salem Partners LLC an estimated $200,000 in sales commissions.
The 1st sale in the financing round happened on Jan. 6 this year, the company said in its filing.
In December last year, Femasys closed a $40 million Series C round that it said it will use to fund a pivotal trial for its FemBloc permanent female contraception device.
The financing round was arranged and led by Salem Partners, with “multiple institutional investors, family offices and a multibillion-dollar global medical device company” also contributing.
The company touts its FemBloc as a non-surgical procedure that can be done at the doctor’s office and is designed to obstruct the fallopain tubes. Femasys won an investigational device exemption from the FDA in December to conduct the 1st clinical trial for the proposed indication of the FemBloc system.
“FemBloc is designed to fill the unmet need of a safe, permanent contraceptive method that can be easily implemented since it does not require specialized surgical skills or investment in costly surgical equipment,” clinical affairs VP Dr. Mimi Zieman said. “This contrasts with current female sterilization options that have the inconvenience and risks associated with surgery and anesthesia for tubal ligation; and for hysteroscopic procedures – the challenge of placing the devices correctly, and concerns with long-term use.”
 

 In case you missed it


Omnicell shares surge after Q2 beat


Slug slime inspires new surgical glue


Haemonetics wins FDA 510(k) for NexSys PCS plasmapheresis system


Cyber attack stalls manufacturing for Merck, narrows outlook


7 medtech stories we missed this week: July 28, 2017


Integer misses expectations on Q2 profits, but grows revenue


NuVasive shares drop amid mixed Q2 earnings, reorganization efforts


Quantitative Insights wins FDA de novo nod for QuantX machine learning cancer diag


Trumpcare goes down on no vote for ‘skinny repeal’


AtriCure gains on Q2 revenue beat, raised outlook


Titan Medical closes $7m offering


Tandem shares slide after Q2 sales miss


Prolonging the lives & independence of Alzheimer’s patients with artificial intelligence


Hill-Rom slips on fiscal Q3 sales miss, lowered outlook


Stryker’s Q2 earnings beat prompts raised outlook


Boston Scientific warns on fluke S-ICD death


FDA sets inaugural meeting of first-ever Patient Engagement Advisory Committee



 From Medical Design & Outsourcing
FDA sets inaugural meeting of first-ever Patient Engagement Advisory CommitteeBy: Kathryn O’Callaghan and Jeffrey Shuren, M.D., J.D. Imagine checking your blood sugar levels several times a day with a glucose meter to keep your diabetes under control. Or maybe you’ve had a hip joint replaced or a stent inserted in your coronary artery to treat a heart blockage. Maybe you participated in a clinical […]These wheelchair wheels function like airplane landing gearFrog Legs has partnered with PlastiComp to make carbon fiber composite wheelchair caster wheels that function like airplane landing gear for a smoother ride. Frog Legs wanted to switch the wheels of its wheelchairs from machined aluminum to carbon fiber composite. Mark Chelgren, the company’s founder, also wanted to create a wheelchair that had a […]Patients don’t have to lose weight for joint replacement surgeriesObese patients who are having knee or hip replacement surgery don’t need to lose weight prior to surgery to reap the benefits, according to a new study from the University of Massachusetts Medical School. “Our data shows it’s not necessary to ask patients to lose weight prior to surgery,” said Wenjun Li, lead author on […]7 ways neurostimulation could make our lives betterNeurostimulation is being used for a lot of different things that go beyond motor disorders and diseases. Neurostimulation is used to stimulate certain parts of the brain’s nervous system. It can be invasive with implants or it can be non-invasive with electrode-filled caps and ear clips. The neurostimulation market was worth an estimated $1.9 billion […]Wisconsin biotech industry optimistic about state’s Foxconn winWisconsin’s biotech industry sees opportunity in Taiwanese electronics giant Foxconn’s decision to spend $10 billion on a 3,000-employee plant in the state’s southeast. That’s because the 8K liquid crystal display (LCD) screens made at the new Foxconn campus could enable new medical solutions for surgical procedures, according to BioForward Wisconsin. “BioForward and Wisconsin’s biohealth community welcomes […]Icon beats Street on Q2 earnings, acquires Mapi GroupDrug development provider Icon PLC (Nasdaq: ICLR) saw its stock jump about 6% in value today after announcing second-quarter earnings that beat analysts’ expectations. The Dublin, Ireland–based company, which serves the pharmaceutical, biotechnology and medical device industries, also said it has acquired the Mapi Group, which provides patient-centered health outcomes research and commercialisation. Financial terms of […]Could this at-home monitoring device make the elderly more independent?A University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign student developed a home monitoring device that allows the elderly to live alone without families worrying about them, according to a case study from Model Solution (Milpitas, Calif.). Jun Young Park, a senior industrial design student led by professor Sung Too Shin, created the INCAIR at-home monitoring device to help […]5 innovative medical devices designed by studentsThe Industrial Designers Society of America (IDSA) just released its list of the 2017 IDEA award-winning designed products. The winners in the medical device category included several interesting devices. But what really caught our eye was the Student Designs category, which featured several noteworthy medical innovations. These devices were interesting because of their focus on […]GI Dynamics taps Proven Process as EndoBarrier manufacturerGI Dynamics (ASX:GID) said today it inked a contract manufacturing partnership deal with Proven Process Medical Devices. Through the deal, Proven Process will manufacture Boston-based GI Dynamic’s EndoBarrier device at its Mansfield, Mass.-based facilities. The EndoBarrier is a plastic gut sleeve designed to prevent the absorption of nutrients from food as it exits the stomach and enters the […]How a built-in refrigerator ice dispenser can dispense medicationAn Arizona State University student recently designed an automatic medicine dispenser that could replace water and ice dispensers on refrigerators, according to a case study from Model Solution (Milpitas, Calif.). The device can dispense pills for two different users and gives audio and visual signals for the times that the users have to take their […]Chinese regulators identify first round of medical device clinical trial inspectionsBy Stewart Eisenhart, Emergo Group Following its recent announcement of a new inspection program for medical device clinical trial sites, the China Food and Drug Administration (CFDA) has identified the first round of sites that will undergo such inspections. Get the full story here at the Emergo Group’s blog. The opinions expressed in this blog […]
 
Leave a Reply Cancel replyYou must be logged in to post a comment. 

 


 Need Medtech news in a minute? 
We Deliver!

MassDevice Enewsletters get you caught up on all the mission critical news you need in med tech. Sign up today.


 



 






 




 Tweets by @MassDevice


 

 

 


 

MASSDEVICE MEDICAL NETWORK
DeviceTalks

Drug Delivery Business News
Medical Design & Outsourcing


MASSDEVICE
Subscribe to MassDevice

Advertise with us

About

Contact us

Privacy

 MassDevice Network
@MassDevice
LinkedIn
Google+

 









Femasys Inc





























Making a differencein the lives of women,
one product at a time, is a great privilege that drives the Company's mission. 
Read More












 FemBloc™ Permanent Contraceptive SystemRevolutionizing
 family planning options for women 
Read More














The FemBloc™  Solution
Femasys is developing a permanent contraceptive solution (FemBloc™) that will provide a safe and effective family planning option for women who want to be free from temporary methods. 








                FemBloc has been designed for widespread acceptance by physicians and their patients:





Every gynecologist can perform in-office

Simple, non-surgical placement using known intrauterine techniques. 







Safe and natural approach for patients
Pregnancy prevention by the body’s natural response to a temporary biopolymer with no intrusive implants or hormones.







Least expensive convenient permanent option
This office based procedure eliminates all  extra costs to the practice and patient, such as: anesthesia, hospital/equipment fees, and radiology referrals.






 FemBloc™ Permanent Contraceptive System is not commercially available for sale. 








50+% of all women  using contraceptives no longer want more children 1,2

1 Daniels K., et al. Current contraceptive status among women aged 15-44; United States, 2011-2013: National Center for Health Statistics. Dec 2014
2 Jones J., et al. Current contraceptive use in the United states, 2006-2010, and changes in patterns of use since 1995: National health statistics reports: no 60. Oct 2012









Products
                Currently making a Difference

Femasys has expanded options for women with its two commercially available products for diagnosis of infertility (FemVue® Saline-Air device) and cervical cancer (FemCerv® Endocervical Sampler).












About FemVue


The FemVue® Saline-Air device is used to introduce a consistent mixture of saline and air contrast in a controlled fashion for the tubal evaluation portion of the Sono HSG. The bright echoes of the air bubbles can be seen flowing into and through each fallopian tube, providing physicians an effective contrast to make a tubal patency determination.

 Learn More















About Sono HSG


 Sono HSG, also called sonographic hysterosalpingogram, is a transvaginal ultrasound technique that involves assessment of fallopian tube patency with  a mixture of air and saline delivered through an intrauterine catheter, as well as, detection of abnormalities of the uterus.

 Learn More






 
              * Gynecology in Practice: Infertility edited by Emre Seli, Chapter 3 Diagnosis and management of tubal factor infertility, Amanda N. Kallen and Peter H. Kodaman/span>
 
Learn more about FemCerv at www.femcerv.com




















About Us
Femasys Inc. is a privately held corporation committed to transforming women's healthcare worldwide by expanding options
for women with innovative medical devices and next generation advancements providing significant clinical impact. Our products have been organically conceived, researched and developed by the Company and all manufacturing activities are conducted to ensure compliance with the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) per the requirements of 21 CFR 820, as well as ISO 13485.  
                Femasys has achieved significant milestones to date, including numerous issued patents and filings, clearance of multiple regulatory filings by the U.S. FDA, European Union, Canada, and Japan with other select countries in process. Our Process





1


INVENT





2


DEVELOP





3


TEST





4


 APPROVE





5


BUILD





6


MARKET









Leadership





Kathy Lee-SepsickPresident & CEO




                                    Founder of Femasys Inc., has served as President &  CEO overseeing the development of the Company since its inception.    She has over 20 years experience in medical device  management, directing product development, operations and  commercialization efforts in medical product regulated markets globally and is the inventor on more than 60 patents and patent applications. 
                           






Jeffrey Marcus, MD
                                        Chief Medical Advisor
                                    




                                     Practicing obstetrician/ gynecologist, has influenced the Company’s product development, including intellectual property and commercialization efforts. He has over 20 years of experience as a physician and was a founding member of Atlanta Women's Health Group. He has served as a principal investigator of numerous clinical trials and as a member of medical advisory and speaker boards.
                                






Todd CreechChief Financial Advisor
                                    




                                     Has been involved since 2015 and is responsible for overseeing the Company’s financing, accounting, corporate development and investor activities. He has over 20 years of experience where he has structured, placed and managed capital investments, raising millions in debt and equity financing for emerging companies, such as ZS Pharma, SARcode Bioscience, Sirion Therapeutics, NovaQuest and Centice. Also serves as a partner at HealthQuest Capital.
                    






Daniel CurrieSenior VP, Operations  




                                    Has served as head of Operations developing the Company's infrastructure, product development program and quality system foundation since its inception. He has over 25 years of operational experience in the medical device industry, working closely with research and development teams, implementing and managing quality systems, and developing fully compliant manufacturing operations both domestically and internationally.
                    






Lisa PeacockVP, Regulatory Affairs
                                    




                                     Has served as VP overseeing global regulatory product approvals since 2009. She has over 20 years of experience in medical device development, compliance, and global regulatory product approvals and has led product strategy and development initiatives for Class III medical devices that have successfully achieved PMA approval and managed pre-clinical and quality aspects for groundbreaking technologies.
                    






Mimi Zieman, MD VP, Clinical Affairs
                                    




                                     Has served as VP overseeing global clinical trial activities since 2016.  She has over 20 years of consulting experience in women's health and contraception, medical education, pharmacovigilance, and clinical trial development.  She was the Director of Family Planning for 10 years at Grady Memorial Hospital and Emory University where she founded a Family Planning Fellowship Program.
                    






Steven Damon VP, Business & Commercial Development
                                    




                                   Has served as VP since 2011, overseeing strategic partnerships, including distribution arrangements. Mr. Damon has over 25 years of experience in pharmaceutical and medical device business management in the U.S. and Europe with a track record of securing several key partnerships with pharmaceutical companies resulting in more than $45 million of non-dilutive financing.
                                






Gary ThompsonVP, Finance & Administration
                                    




                                     Has served as VP since 2010 and has over 30 years of finance and management experience in the medical device and pharmaceutical industries and public accounting as a CPA for both growth and revenue generating stage companies. He uniquely served as head of finance for a emerging unit within C.R. Bard and was responsible for budgeting, strategic plans and reporting.
                                     
                    






Tim PruittVP, Manufacturing 
                                    




                                     Has been involved since 2017 and is responsible for overseeing the Company’s manufacturing. He has over 30 years of experience including machine design, product development, process engineering, and operations for the manufacturing and distribution of medical devices and tissue products for companies, such as Cryolife, C.R. Bard, Aderans, and Novoste.
                                     
                    





News



Dec 2016


 MAR 2016


Dec 2015


JUL 2015


APR 2015




Femasys Appoints Fred Aslan and Charles Larsen to its Board of Directors

                                 Atlanta, GA, March 22, 2016 Femasys Inc., a developer of innovative medical devices for the women's healthcare market today announced that Fred Aslan, Founder and Chief Executive Officer of Advance Medical, Inc. and Vice President of Venrock and Charles E. Larsen, Managing Director of Accuitive Medical Ventures, have been appointed to the Femasys Board of Directors. Both new directors bring significant leadership, operations and commercial experience to Femasys as the Company prepares to commence its pivotal trial of FemBloc™ which is designed to provide women with the first non-surgical permanent contraception option delivered exclusively in the office. read more


Femasys Announces Todd Creech as Chief Financial Officer

                                 ATLANTA, GA, December 14, 2015 - Femasys Inc., a developer of innovative medical devices for the women's healthcare market today                                  announced the appointment of Todd A. Creech as Chief Financial Officer. Mr. Creech will serve as Femasys' principal financial and                                  accounting officer, will report to Kathy Lee-Sepsick, President and CEO, and will be responsible for all financing, accounting,                                  corporate development and investor activities. 
                                 
                              read more


Femasys Secures Term Loan Facility from Silicon Valley Bank

                                 ATLANTA, GA, July 9, 2015 - Femasys Inc., a developer of innovative medical devices for the women's healthcare market, announced today that it has secured a term loan facility from Silicon Valley Bank. Under the loan facility, the company received initial funding and a conditional option to receive additional funding. The Company will use the funds for working capital as it supports the advancement of its groundbreaking non-surgical female sterilization device.
                                 
                                 read more


Femasys Completes $10.2 Million Series B Financing Round

                                 ATLANTA, GA, April 29, 2015 - Femasys Inc., a developer of innovative medical devices for the women's healthcare market has raised a $10.2 million financing round. The investor group was led by Legacy Capital Partners and Mario Family Partners, the family offices of life sciences industry veterans John Adams, Jr. and Dr. Ernest Mario. Joining the Company's board of directors is Mr. Adams, former CEO of Adams Respiratory Therapeutics. Salem Partners, a Los Angeles based investment bank focused on life sciences, advised the Company on the transaction and participated as a principal investor. 
                                 
                              read more


Femasys Announces $40 Million in Series C Financing to Complete Development of FemBloc™
 Funding to support pivotal testing of non-surgical permanent contraception solution FemBloc™ -

- IDE approval granted by FDA for U.S. clinical trial of FemBloc; study to start early 2017 -
                                	
                                 ATLANTA, Dec. 15, 2016 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Femasys Inc., a developer of innovative medical devices for the women's healthcare market, today announced that it has closed $40 million in Series C financing.  The transaction was arranged by Salem Partners, a Los Angeles-based investment bank which also participated as a principal investor. The Series C syndicate included multiple institutional investors, family offices and a multibillion-dollar global medical device company. The funding will be used primarily to support the pivotal testing of FemBloc™, the Company's revolutionary, non-surgical permanent contraception solution. Femasys designed FemBloc to provide women with the first non-surgical permanent contraceptive option delivered exclusively in the physician's office.
                                 
                                 read more









Corporate Contacts:
General information:  info@femasys.com
Employment:  hr@femasys.com
 Business Development: Steve Damon   sdamon@femasys.com
Media & Public Relations: Jerry Fink   jfink@femasys.com



FemVue Orders & Customer Service
United States Orders | Femasys  (Mon-Fri, 8:30 am - 5:30 pm ET)
                    

                    


 Toll free:  +1.877.336.2562 customerservice@femasys.com




 Fax: +1.404.581.5903 
 www.FemVue.com 




Japan Orders |  Bayer Healthcare 



 Bayer Diagnostics Japan




 




FemCerv Orders & Customer Service
United States | McKesson Medical-Surgical
                    

                    


 Toll free:  +1.866.625.2679




 www.FemCerv.com
















Corporate Headquarters

Femasys Inc.
                              3950 Johns Creek Court, Suite 100
                            Suwanee, GA 30024
P: 1.770.500.3910
                              F: 1.770.500.3980
                            














Send Message










Femasys Announces Todd Creech as Chief Financial Officer
X

Atlanta, Ga. --- December 14, 2015 --- Femasys Inc., a developer of innovative medical devices for the women's healthcare market today announced the appointment of Todd A. Creech as Chief Financial Officer. Mr. Creech will serve as Femasys' principal financial and accounting officer, will report to Kathy Lee-Sepsick, President and CEO, and will be responsible for all financing, accounting, corporate development and investor activities.
"Todd has a tremendous amount of financial and corporate development experience in the Life Sciences industry. We are honored to welcome Todd to the Femasys team as we enter the next critical phase of growth while pursuing our vision of expanding healthcare options for women with our innovative medical devices," said Kathy Lee-Sepsick, Femasys' President and CEO. "Todd's proven track record and financial leadership is exemplified by his success with numerous debt and equity financings to support the development of late-stage programs, regulatory approvals as well as commercial activities."
Mr. Creech previously served as the Chief Financial Officer of ZS Pharma, Inc., from August 2013 until June 2015 and was part of the team responsible for taking the company public, completing a successful secondary offering, disseminating key clinical data, and positioning the company for M&A discussions and eventual acquisition. During his tenure at ZS Pharma, Mr. Creech helped raise approximately $360 million in debt and equity financing.
Prior to ZS Pharma, Mr. Creech was CFO and Vice President of Business Development at SARcode Bioscience, where he led all financing, legal, accounting, and corporate development activities. Shire Pharmaceuticals acquired SARcode in April 2013. Prior to SARcode, Mr. Creech was CFO of Sirion Therapeutics, an ophthalmic pharmaceutical company. During his tenure, he raised $100 million in debt and equity financing to support the development of six late-stage clinical programs and two NDA approvals, and he also helped lead the sale of Sirion's drug assets to Alcon and Bausch & Lomb.
Mr. Creech worked with NovaQuest, the investment group within Quintiles, Inc., where he structured, placed, and managed capital investments into US-emerging biotech and specialty pharmaceutical companies. Prior to his work with NovaQuest, he cofounded Centice, an optical sensor spin out from Duke University, in 2003. Mr. Creech has an additional 10 years of experience consulting to biotech and high-tech companies while at SRI International and Andersen Consulting. Mr. Creech holds bachelor's degrees in finance and accounting from Miami University of Ohio and an MBA from Duke University.
"This is an extremely exciting time to be joining Femasys especially as the company prepares to commence its pivotal trial of FemBloc™ which is designed to provide women with the first non-surgical permanent contraception option delivered in exclusively in the office.," said Mr. Creech. "I look forward to working closely with the Femasys team to achieve its financial and strategic goals."





Femasys Secures Term Loan Facility from Silicon Valley Bank
×

Atlanta, GA -July 9, 2015 - Femasys Inc., a developer of innovative medical devices for the women's healthcare market, announced today that it has secured a term loan facility from Silicon Valley Bank. Under the loan facility, the company received initial funding and a conditional option to receive additional funding. The Company will use the funds for working capital as it supports the advancement of its groundbreaking non-surgical female sterilization device.
"We are pleased to build a relationship with Silicon Valley Bank, a leader in financial services for the healthcare industry. This loan facility will provide greater financial flexibility as we aggressively pursue the regulatory milestones of our highly promising FemBloc™ Permanent Contraceptive System and expansion of commercialization efforts for our novel medical devices," remarked Kathy Lee-Sepsick, President & CEO of Femasys Inc.
"The opportunity to work with innovative medical device companies like Femasys is what excites us on the life science side of the SVB portfolio," said Scott McCarty, Director of Life Science and Healthcare for Silicon Valley Bank's Atlanta office. "We have confidence in the Femasys team and it has been a pleasure working with them throughout the implementation of the loan facility. Our partnership is intended to increase the Company's probability of success as it develops and delivers solutions that are transforming women's healthcare."
"Femasys fills an important and significant gap in the women's healthcare continuum," said John Q. Adams, Jr. Legacy Capital Partners. "We believe that both physicians and patients will have great interest in the innovative new technologies and that we can provide value to the company through our highly experienced investor syndicate."
ABOUT SILICON VALLEY BANK | www.svb.com
For more than 30 years, Silicon Valley Bank (SVB) has helped innovative companies and their investors move bold ideas forward, fast. SVB provides targeted financial services and expertise through its offices in innovation centers around the world. With commercial, international and private banking services, SVB helps address the unique needs of innovators. Forbes named SVB one of America's best banks (2015) and one of America's best-managed companies (2014). Learn more at svb.com.
Silicon Valley Bank is the California bank subsidiary and commercial banking operation of SVB Financial Group (Nasdaq: SIVB), and a member of the FDIC. Silicon Valley Bank and SVB Financial Group are members of the Federal Reserve System.





Femasys Completes $10.2 Million Series B Financing Round
×

Atlanta, GA -April 29, 2015 - Femasys Inc., a developer of innovative medical devices for the women's healthcare market has raised a $10.2 million financing round. The investor group was led by Legacy Capital Partners and Mario Family Partners, the family offices of life sciences industry veterans John Adams, Jr. and Dr. Ernest Mario. Joining the Company's board of directors is Mr. Adams, former CEO of Adams Respiratory Therapeutics. Salem Partners, a Los Angeles based investment bank focused on life sciences, advised the Company on the transaction and participated as a principal investor.
Femasys has developed a groundbreaking non-surgical female sterilization device (FemBloc™ Permanent Contraceptive System) that allows physicians to deliver exclusively in their office a biomaterial through a catheter based system to permanently block the fallopian tubes that substantially reduces patient risks and costs by eliminating the use of anesthesia and permanent implants. The company has also expanded options for women with its two commercially available products for diagnosis of infertility (FemVue® Saline-Air device) and cervical cancer (FemCerv® Endocervical Sampler) that present significant advantages for the patient, physician and healthcare system.
"We are pleased to have the support and confidence of this esteemed group of investors," said Kathy Lee-Sepsick, Femasys' President and CEO. "This round of funding will enable Femasys to invest in the people and programs necessary to achieve the Investigational Device Exemption (IDE) milestone for FemBloc and expand commercialization globally for our diagnostic products to allow women access to better options when it comes to managing their health needs."
"Femasys fills an important and significant gap in the women's healthcare continuum," said John Q. Adams, Jr. Legacy Capital Partners. "We believe that both physicians and patients will have great interest in the innovative new technologies and that we can provide value to the company through our highly experienced investor syndicate."
ABOUT LEGACY CAPITAL PARTNERS
John Adams, Jr. was the former CEO of Adams Respiratory Therapeutics, developer of the Mucinex brands. Adams was sold to Reckitt Benckiser in 2008 for $2.3 billion. Mr. Adams has been in the pharmaceutical industry for over 30 years and has made investments in a number of development-stage companies. Legacy Capital Partners is based in Southlake, TX.
ABOUT MARIO FAMILY PARTNERS
Mario Family Partners is the private equity arm of Dr. Ernest Mario's family office. Dr. Mario was the former CEO of Alza Corporation which was sold to Johnson & Johnson for $12 billion in 2001, the largest-ever M&A deal for J&J at the time. He was previously CEO of Glaxo and currently sits on the boards of Boston Scientific Corporation and Celgene Corporation among others.
ABOUT SALEM PARTNERS LLC | www.salempartners.com
Salem Partners is a boutique investment bank and wealth management firm based in Los Angeles that specializes in raising growth capital and executing M&A assignments for companies in the media, life sciences and industrial sectors. Salem has a strong track record in life sciences, having raised substantially all of the private capital for Adams Respiratory Therapeutics, ZS Pharma, Inc. and Neos Therapeutics. 





Femasys Appoints Fred Aslan and Charles Larsen to its Board of Directors
×

-- Aslan and Larsen are seasoned healthcare executives who have successfully developed emerging technologies to advance the practice of medicine --
Atlanta, GA March 23, 2016 - Femasys Inc., a developer of innovative medical devices for the women's healthcare market today announced that Fred Aslan, Founder and Chief Executive Officer of Advance Medical, Inc. and Vice President of Venrock and Charles E. Larsen, Managing Director of Accuitive Medical Ventures, have been appointed to the Femasys Board of Directors. Both new directors bring significant leadership, operations and commercial experience to Femasys as the Company prepares to commence its pivotal trial of FemBloc™ which is designed to provide women with the first non-surgical permanent contraception option delivered exclusively in the office.
"We are extremely honored to have Fred and Charlie join our Board of Directors – they are proven executives who have been successful starting new businesses, developing and commercializing emerging technologies, building organizations and delivering value to shareholders,” said Kathy Lee-Sepsick, President and CEO of Femasys. “Their considerable experience will be invaluable to our team as we embark on the next phase of development with FemBloc™.”
Dr. Aslan has over 15 years of strategic management and direct investment experience in the medical device, diagnostics, and biotechnology sectors. Dr. Aslan is currently the Founder and Chief Executive Officer of Advance Medical, a Venrock portfolio company that is focused on the commercialization of medical device and diagnostics technologies in Brazil, and he is also a Vice President at Venrock. Dr. Aslan has served on the Board of Directors of Receptos, a company recently acquired by Celgene, and has been a Board observer for a number of other companies including Zeltiq and PowerVision. Dr. Aslan was the Director of Business Development and Investor Relations at CuraGen Corporation. Prior to CuraGen, he worked at Boston Consulting Group where he advised biotechnology and pharmaceutical companies on a number of strategic initiatives. Dr. Aslan received his B.S. in Biology from Duke University, M.D. from Yale University School of Medicine and M.B.A. from the Harvard Business School. 
Mr. Larsen has over 35 years of operating and technical experience in the medical device industry. He co-founded Novoste Corporation and The Innovation Factory and through his role at The Innovation Factory, he co-founded additional companies including: Acufocus, AqueSys, Halscion, LipoSonix, Neuronetics and Sebacia. He holds over 30 issued U.S. and international patents on medical devices. Before joining Novoste, Mr. Larsen held positions with Novoste Puerto Rico, Cordis Corporation, Key Pharmaceuticals and Parke-Davis/Warner Lambert in executive, senior engineering and project management roles. Mr. Larsen received a B.S. in Mechanical Engineering from the New Jersey Institute of Technology. Mr. Larsen currently is member of the Board of Directors for Acufocus, CardioFocus, Intuity, and Torax.
ABOUT FEMASYS
Femasys Inc., based in Atlanta, GA, is a privately held corporation committed to transforming women's healthcare worldwide by expanding options for women with innovative medical devices and next generation advancements providing significant clinical impact. Additional information about Femasys and the Company’s products can be found at www.femasys.com 

Femasys has developed a groundbreaking non-surgical female sterilization device (FemBloc™ Permanent Contraceptive System) that allows physicians to deliver exclusively in their office a Biopolymer through a catheter-based Delivery System to permanently block the fallopian tubes in a procedure that substantially reduces patient risks and costs by eliminating the use of anesthesia and permanent implants.  The company has also expanded options for women with its two commercially available products for diagnosis of infertility (FemVue® Saline-Air device) and cervical cancer (FemCerv® Endocervical Sampler) that present significant advantages for the patient, physician, and healthcare system. 





Femasys Announces $40 Million in Series C Financing to Complete Development of FemBloc™- Funding to support pivotal testing of non-surgical permanent contraception solution FemBloc™ -

- IDE approval granted by FDA for U.S. clinical trial of FemBloc; study to start early 2017 -
×

ATLANTA, Dec. 15, 2016 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Femasys Inc., a developer of innovative medical devices for the women's healthcare market, today announced that it has closed $40 million in Series C financing.  The transaction was arranged by Salem Partners, a Los Angeles-based investment bank which also participated as a principal investor. The Series C syndicate included multiple institutional investors, family offices and a multibillion-dollar global medical device company. The funding will be used primarily to support the pivotal testing of FemBloc™, the Company's revolutionary, non-surgical permanent contraception solution. Femasys designed FemBloc to provide women with the first non-surgical permanent contraceptive option delivered exclusively in the physician's office.

"We are thrilled with the level of enthusiasm in this oversubscribed round of funding and grateful for the backing from our new and existing investors," said Kathy Lee-Sepsick, Femasys President and CEO. "Their financial investment enables us to conduct and complete the FemBloc clinical plan, which will support our planned premarket approval application (PMA), and ultimately, our vision of improving the lives of women by providing access to an ideal permanent contraception solution that is safe and highly effective for women in the U.S. and worldwide."

Femasys also announced that it has gained U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) Investigational Device Exemption (IDE) approval to launch a prospective, multi-center, clinical trial to evaluate the safety of the FemBloc permanent contraceptive system while preventing pregnancy. The clinical trial, which will enroll women who desire permanent birth control by occlusion of the fallopian tubes, will be the Company's first trial to evaluate the complete FemBloc contraceptive system for its intended use.

"FemBloc is designed to fill the unmet need of a safe, permanent contraceptive method that can be easily implemented since it does not require specialized surgical skills or investment in costly surgical equipment," said Mimi Zieman, M.D., Vice President of Clinical Affairs at Femasys and a board certified Ob/Gyn specializing in Family Planning. "This contrasts with current female sterilization options that have the inconvenience and risks associated with surgery and anesthesia for tubal ligation; and for hysteroscopic procedures - the challenge of placing the devices correctly, and concerns with long-term use."

Dechert LLP served as legal counsel to Femasys Inc. while Baker Botts LLP served as investor counsel.

About Femasys
Femasys is a privately held corporation committed to transforming women's healthcare worldwide by expanding options for women with innovative medical devices and next generation advancements providing significant clinical impact. Additional information about Femasys and the Company's products can be found at www.femasys.com

Femasys has developed a groundbreaking non-surgical female sterilization solution (FemBloc™ Permanent Contraceptive System*) that allows physicians to deliver exclusively in their office a Biopolymer through a catheter-based Delivery System to permanently block the fallopian tubes in a procedure that substantially reduces patient risks and costs by eliminating the use of anesthesia and permanent implants. The company has also expanded options for women with its two commercially available products for diagnosis of infertility (FemVue® Saline-Air device) and cervical cancer (FemCerv® Endocervical Sampler) that present significant advantages for the patient, physician, and healthcare system.

*FemBloc Permanent Contraceptive System is not commercially available for sale.

Femasys, FemBloc, FemVue and FemCerv are registered trademarks of Femasys Inc.
All rights reserved. 





Terms & Privacy
×

THIS SITE AND ANY RELATED SERVICES ARE PROVIDED SUBJECT TO THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS. PLEASE READ THE FOLLOWING INFORMATION CAREFULLY. YOUR CONTINUED USE OF THIS WEBSITE WILL INDICATE YOUR AGREEMENT TO BE BOUND BY THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS SET FORTH BELOW.IF YOU DO NOT WISH TO BE BOUND BY THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS, PLEASE DO NOT USE OR ACCESS THIS WEBSITE.
Femasys may modify the Terms and Conditions at any time, and such modifications will be effective immediately upon posting to the website. Please review the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy each time you visit the Femasys website.
Purpose
This is a World Wide Web site for information about Femasys Inc. products: FemBloc, FemCerv, and FemVue, and Sono HSG. The purpose is to provide information to healthcare providers, patients, and all interested parties.
Copyright
All rights, including copyright, in the content of the web pages contained in this website are owned or controlled for these purposes by Femasys Inc. In accessing Femasys' web pages, you agree that you may only download the content for your personal non-commercial use. You are not permitted to copy, reproduce, republish, distribute, broadcast, download, store (in any medium), transmit, show or play in public, adapt or change in any way the content of these Femasys web pages for any other purpose whatsoever without the prior written permission of Femasys Inc.
Security
Unauthorized attempts to upload information or change information on this Web site are strictly prohibited and may be punishable under the Computer Fraud and Abuse Act of 1986 and the National Information Infrastructure Protection Act. For site security purposes and to ensure that this service remains available to all users, this server employs software programs to monitor network traffic to identify unauthorized attempts to upload or change information, or otherwise cause damage.
Trademark Notice
Femasys is a trademark of Femasys Inc. Other trademarks, logos, brand names and slogans registered or used by Femasys in the United States and/or other countries include, but are not limited to, the following:  FemBloc, FemCerv, FemChec, FemaSeed, and FemVue.
                            All other trademarks and registered trademarks are the property of their respective owners.
Privacy PolicyExcept to maintain required correspondence files, no other attempts are made to identify individual users or their usage habits. Raw data logs are used to determine how many users are accessing the site, which pages are most popular, and, from time to time, from which top level domain users are coming.
                        	No personally identifying information about you will be obtained when you visit this site unless you choose to provide such information to us. If you choose to send an email to points of contact on the site any information you provide will be used solely to respond to your request.
                            									
	                          





















 

Salem Femasys Investors Llc - Funding history, company info, news ...































Want to see more?Want to find out who got funded, and who’s funding the next big thing? in real time? all across the world? tailored to your specific areas of focus?100+ deals per dayGet access to the most exhaustive worldwide funding watch on the web!Comprehensive funding informationKnow about who invested in a company, which sites covered the event, the funding history, etc.Exclusive insightsView original analytics such as most dynamic industries, most active investors, and more!Stay aware!Get emailed when deals critical to your business happen. Filter by region, industry and topics of interest.As seen onHave a login?Sign inRegister now!It's free!Use your social accountOr fill in the quick form:Register nowpromise we won't spamSign invia your social account:via your existing WGF account:Remember meRegister, it's freeForgot your password?SIGN INForgot your password?Enter your e-mail and we will send you your new password.reset passwordThe world's largest funding base/companies/194316-salem-femasys-investors-llcsection=companies&subsection=detail&id=194316  




			Search deals by company name, industry, location, investors...			
			




SEARCH


Salem Femasys Investors LlcCompany DetailsGet alertedif Salem Femasys Investors Llc gets funded!Salem Femasys Investors LlcFunding history Key peopleCountry:State:City:United StatesCaliforniaLos AngelesIndustry:Finance Funding history DateDeal sizeInvestors April 21st, 2015$6,875,000-View DealCreate alertManage your alerts in accountWant to know when Salem Femasys Investors Llc gets funded?Key peopleJohn DyettPromoterPlease note that all data is automatically extracted and errors can occur.The WhoGotFunded team has not necessarily reviewed the information in this page and has not determined if it is accurate and complete.Inaccurate Data? Help us improve WhoGotFunded: post a comment!