

























Salem Investment Counselors Inc. Maintains Position in Roper Technologies, Inc. (NYSE:ROP) - BNB Daily





































 
















 

 













Daily Ratings & News for Roper Technologies Inc.
Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Roper Technologies Inc. with our free daily email newsletter:



 




Follow @bnbdailynews





Recent Posts

Ritchie Bros. Auctioneers Incorporated (NYSE:RBA) Hits New 12-Month Low After Analyst Downgrade
Traders Purchase High Volume of Put Options on WisdomTree India Earnings Fund (NYSE:EPI)
Boeing Company (The) (NYSE:BA) Hits New 1-Year High After Analyst Upgrade
Traders Buy High Volume of Whiting Petroleum Corporation Put Options (NYSE:WLL)
Stock Traders Purchase Large Volume of Cabot Oil & Gas Corporation Call Options (NYSE:COG)
Insider Buying: Hill & Smith Holdings PLC (HILS) Insider Purchases 2,780 Shares of Stock
Lilly Endowment Inc Sells 210,000 Shares of Eli Lilly and Company (LLY) Stock
Brooks Automation, Inc. (NASDAQ:BRKS) Downgraded by ValuEngine
DSP Group, Inc. (NASDAQ:DSPG) Upgraded at BidaskClub
Financial Engines, Inc. (NASDAQ:FNGN) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research
Amarin Corporation PLC’s (NASDAQ:AMRN) Overweight Rating Reaffirmed at Cantor Fitzgerald
Canaccord Genuity Reiterates “Hold” Rating for Ashford Hospitality Trust, Inc. (AHT)
Nucor Corporation (NYSE:NUE) Rating Reiterated by KeyCorp
Salem Investment Counselors Inc. Maintains Position in Roper Technologies, Inc. (NYSE:ROP)
FNY Partners Fund LP Sells 2,401 Shares of Primo Water Corporation (NASDAQ:PRMW)
Whole Foods Market, Inc. (NASDAQ:WFM) Receives $36.75 Average Target Price from Brokerages
Janus Capital Management LLC Has $161.09 Million Position in Micron Technology, Inc. (NASDAQ:MU)
AmerisourceBergen Corporation (Holding Co) (NYSE:ABC) Shares Sold by Janus Capital Management LLC
AutoZone, Inc. (NYSE:AZO) Position Maintained by Salem Investment Counselors Inc.
FNY Partners Fund LP Sells 2,900 Shares of Newell Brands Inc. (NYSE:NWL)


 


Salem Investment Counselors Inc. Maintains Position in Roper Technologies, Inc. (NYSE:ROP)

Posted by Dan Jones on Jul 22nd, 2017 // No Comments 

Salem Investment Counselors Inc. held its position in Roper Technologies, Inc. (NYSE:ROP) during the first quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The fund owned 15,055 shares of the industrial products company’s stock at the end of the first quarter. Salem Investment Counselors Inc.’s holdings in Roper Technologies were worth $3,089,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. 
Other institutional investors have also recently bought and sold shares of the company. Motco boosted its position in Roper Technologies by 387.0% in the first quarter. Motco now owns 487 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $101,000 after buying an additional 387 shares during the last quarter. Northwestern Mutual Wealth Management Co. raised its stake in shares of Roper Technologies by 9.0% in the first quarter. Northwestern Mutual Wealth Management Co. now owns 618 shares of the industrial products company’s stock worth $129,000 after buying an additional 51 shares during the period. Creative Planning raised its stake in shares of Roper Technologies by 7.7% in the first quarter. Creative Planning now owns 716 shares of the industrial products company’s stock worth $148,000 after buying an additional 51 shares during the period. Quadrant Capital Group LLC raised its stake in shares of Roper Technologies by 4.1% in the first quarter. Quadrant Capital Group LLC now owns 732 shares of the industrial products company’s stock worth $147,000 after buying an additional 29 shares during the period. Finally, WFG Advisors LP raised its stake in shares of Roper Technologies by 55.8% in the first quarter. WFG Advisors LP now owns 785 shares of the industrial products company’s stock worth $162,000 after buying an additional 281 shares during the period. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 96.71% of the company’s stock. 


 Get Roper Technologies Inc. alerts:



Roper Technologies, Inc. (ROP) opened at 234.77 on Friday. Roper Technologies, Inc. has a 12-month low of $159.28 and a 12-month high of $238.49. The stock’s 50 day moving average is $232.31 and its 200 day moving average is $213.29. The company has a market cap of $23.95 billion, a P/E ratio of 36.24 and a beta of 1.05. 




Roper Technologies (NYSE:ROP) last posted its quarterly earnings data on Friday, April 28th. The industrial products company reported $2.11 earnings per share for the quarter, topping the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $1.99 by $0.12. The company had revenue of $1.09 billion for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $1.09 billion. Roper Technologies had a net margin of 16.74% and a return on equity of 12.81%. Roper Technologies’s revenue for the quarter was up 20.4% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period in the prior year, the business earned $1.81 earnings per share. On average, equities analysts forecast that Roper Technologies, Inc. will post $9.21 earnings per share for the current year. 
The firm also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Friday, July 21st. Shareholders of record on Friday, July 7th were given a dividend of $0.35 per share. This represents a $1.40 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 0.60%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend was Wednesday, July 5th. Roper Technologies’s payout ratio is currently 21.60%. 
TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: “Salem Investment Counselors Inc. Maintains Position in Roper Technologies, Inc. (NYSE:ROP)” was reported by BNB Daily and is owned by of BNB Daily. If you are reading this piece of content on another website, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of United States and international trademark & copyright laws. The original version of this piece of content can be accessed at https://www.baseball-news-blog.com/2017/07/22/salem-investment-counselors-inc-has-3089000-stake-in-roper-technologies-inc-nyserop-updated-updated.html. 
A number of equities research analysts have issued reports on the stock. Zacks Investment Research lowered shares of Roper Technologies from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Monday, July 17th. Royal Bank Of Canada reaffirmed a “buy” rating and issued a $248.00 price objective on shares of Roper Technologies in a research note on Wednesday, July 12th. Stifel Nicolaus reaffirmed a “buy” rating and issued a $242.00 price objective on shares of Roper Technologies in a research note on Friday, July 7th. Raymond James Financial, Inc. lifted their price objective on shares of Roper Technologies from $253.00 to $268.00 in a research note on Wednesday, July 5th. Finally, Barclays PLC lifted their price objective on shares of Roper Technologies from $221.00 to $237.00 and gave the company an “overweight” rating in a research note on Monday, May 1st. Three investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and eight have given a buy rating to the company’s stock. The company has a consensus rating of “Buy” and a consensus target price of $232.09.
In other Roper Technologies news, Director Christopher Wright sold 1,800 shares of the stock in a transaction that occurred on Friday, June 9th. The shares were sold at an average price of $228.70, for a total transaction of $411,660.00. Following the transaction, the director now directly owns 66,104 shares in the company, valued at $15,117,984.80. The sale was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which can be accessed through this hyperlink. 2.50% of the stock is owned by company insiders. 
Roper Technologies Company Profile
 

 
Receive News & Ratings for Roper Technologies Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Roper Technologies Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 





















Latest News




Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name (Required) 



Mail (will not be published) (Required) 



Website






 











































Bing Places for Business
























































































































Bing
 places for business


Sign in using your




Microsoft Account





Work Account





Google Account





Facebook Account

Don't have an account? Create one.







American Tech Report - ITLL







































Close














Quotes by TradingView













Today












Filings and Disclosure


5 Reasons ITLL May Be the Most Profitable Stock Play of 2017

















In 2017, cell phones are as vital to us as the air we breathe. Between both old and young, from personal users to businesses and now even hospitals, mobile phones have become an essential part of the modern eco system. Without one, people have difficulty finding employment and leave themselves negatively exposed to emergencies. The vast majority of American adults - 95% - now own a cell phone. This has resulted in the massive growth of businesses supplying and supplementing this market. Of which ITLL is now becoming a key player. 


The OTCQB is an elite tier of the over the counter markets. These are companies that have audited financials available, are current in their reporting, have verified management and shareholders and additional disclosure requirements to meet. All in all, this signifies that ITLL is on the ball and doing business the right way. Morningstar rates OTC:ITLL at an excellent 3 stars, meaning it is of fair value. The rating is determined by three factors: a stock's current price, Morningstar's estimate of the stock's fair value, and the uncertainty rating of the fair value. The bigger the discount, the higher the star rating. Once again, an excellent omen for savvy investors!Breaking News: ITLL Successfully Closes Acquisition with Completion of Definitive Agreements


With such immense growth in the industry and corporate giants dominating the arena, we frequently see small companies either grow exponentially or get bought out before they become a threat. This is where OTC: ITLL comes into play. Their goal is to deliver market disruptive products and pricing to the millions of consumers who are looking for better deals in the mobile phone and application space. Since ITLL is a public company, we believe this is an excellent opportunity for savvy investors to capitalize on the booming industry. We’ve done some digging and have laid out 6 reasons why we believe ITLL may be the most profitable stock play of 2017. Breaking News: ITLL Successfully Closes Acquisition with Completion of Definitive Agreements.
















Massive telecom acquisitions are happening all the time. They're so common in fact, we barely notice the billions of dollars that are flying between these massive corporations, month after month. For example, in 2017 alone, we've already seen several major acquisitions. Telecom service provider GTT Communications announced in June that it plans to buy network connectivity provider Global Capacity for $100 million in cash and 1.85 million shares of GTT common stock. We also saw that in April, Windstream announced its plan to acquire cloud-based unified communications provider Broadview Networks in an all-cash transaction worth $228 million. And if that isn't enough, in March, Zayo Group Holdings, Inc. closed its $1.42 billion acquisition of Electric Lightwave, the company formerly known as Integra Telecom. All of this happened in just the last few months!All this makes you wonder why this is happening and whether ITLL has what it takes to dance with the big guys. Well, it is our belief that the telecom giants scoop up the smaller, competitive companies because they are a danger to their business model. Big companies like Verizon are making money hand over fist - why stop when you can just scoop up the competition and keep business going as usual?ITLL has made it clear that their goal is to be affordable and disruptive. A similar situation took place in Canada some years ago, when a company named Wind Mobile came into play. Over a few short years Wind grew a massive user base simply because their plans were significantly cheaper than the competition. Recently, Shaw bought them out for $1.6 billion. As a result of all this, our opinion of the ITLL business model is excellent.








1. We've seen this business model work before. 


If you’ve missed putting this on your stock tracker, take a moment and do it right now!

For more information about Intelligent Cloud Resources (OTC:ITLL), visit the company website at http://intelligentcloudresources.com/ or https://www.otcmarkets.com/stock/ITLL/quote. 

As always, we encourage you to do your due diligence thoroughly before making a buying decision. 

Good trading! 

Sincerely, 

The American Tech Report Team


This is a statement that often attracts negativity from skeptics and self-pronounced market professionals. And frankly, it's understandable; it seems too good to be true. We always encourage our readers to do their own due-diligence and this is one of those scenarios. Dig through message boards, scanners and blogs and you'll quickly realize that stocks are making major moves like this on a regular basis. This isn't some mythical unicorn - once again, stocks do this on a regular basis. Below, you can see some examples of movements like this, but believe us when we say there are many, many more. 






3. One trade can make profits of 2,000% or more. 













At the time of writing this article, ITLL is sitting at 80 cents. We believe that this is an extremely attractive price for a company of this caliber. As was observed above, acquisitions in this industry often come in at hundreds of millions or billions of dollars. In addition to this, 80 cents is an excellent place for traders and investors to turn quicker profits. It is much easier for a stock to double or triple at these prices, in a very short period of time. "It’s far better to buy a wonderful company at a fair price than a fair company at a wonderful price” - Warren Buffet







2. The stock is priced right. Better than right. 






















5.	QB Status and 3 stars from Morningstar. 


Keep Track of OTC: ITLL


Name:                     Intelligent Cloud Resources, Inc. Ticker:                     ITLLExchange:              OTC QBWebsite:                 http://intelligentcloudresources.com/
Phone:                    (647) 478-6385
Email:                      info@intelligentcloudresources.com 
CIK:                          0001634912Transfer Agent:     VStock Transfer LLC
For additional information please visit: https://www.otcmarkets.com/stock/ITLL/filings
https://www.otcmarkets.com/stock/ITLL/profile


Sign up for updates on news,charts and other information







We respect your privacy and never share your information with anyone. 


OWCP - 63,900%


When going up against telecom giants, a company has to hold a competitive edge to stand out. Through our due diligence, we have found this to be undoubtedly true for ITLL. The cornerstone to every customer seeking a cell provider is the smartphones that they have available. Smartphones are expensive for your average consumer, as many flagship phones sit around the $1000 mark. ITLL has seemed to solve this problem by partnering up with the smartphone manufacturer, Leagoo. These phones have everything that the typical consumer wants at a fraction of the cost. They are well built, stylish, powerful and power through daily functions like taking photographs and browsing the web on par with phones that are five times the price. All of this seems consistent with ITLL's commitment to lower prices and maintain their competitive edge. In addition to this, they are offering all subscribers a premium mastercard, no questions asked! We believe that many consumers will find this to be an irresistible offer, making the growth potential for ITLL very attractive. 


BLDV - 5,600%


4. The most competitive tech and phones on the market. 


OWCP - 9,900%










Stock Data







Current Market Cap:             $74,684,794Outstanding Shares:             93,355,992






Website:   intelligentcloudresources.comFloat:         69,477,660



Click To Subscribe










Disclaimer


This is a paid advertisement and all individuals should verify all claims and perform their own due diligence on ITLL (and / or any other mentioned companies and / or securities), and read this disclaimer in its entirety.

American Tech Report profiles are not a solicitation or recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities. American Tech Report is a paid advertiser and is not offering securities for sale. Neither American Tech Report nor its owners, operators, affiliates or anyone disseminating information on its behalf is registered as an Investment Advisor under any federal or state law and none of the information provided by American Tech Report, its owners, operators, affiliates or anyone disseminating information on its behalf should be construed as investment advice or investment recommendations.
American Tech Report does not recommend that the securities profiled should be purchased, sold or held and is not liable for any investment decisions by its readers or subscribers.

Information presented by American Tech Report may contain “forward-looking statements ” within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Any statements that express or involve discussions with respect to predictions, expectations, beliefs, plans, projections, objectives, goals, assumptions, or future events or performance, are not statements of historical fact and may be “forward-looking statements.” Forward-looking statements are based on expectations, estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those presently anticipated. Forward-looking statements may be identified through the use of words such as “expects, ” “will, ” “anticipates,” “estimates,” “believes,” “may,” or by statements indicating that certain actions “may,” “could,” or “might” occur.

THIS SITE IS PROVIDED BY AMERICAN TECH REPORT ON AN “AS IS” AND “AS AVAILABLE” BASIS. AMERICAN TECH REPORT MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, AS TO THE OPERATION OF THIS SITE OR THE INFORMATION, CONTENT, MATERIALS, OR PRODUCTS INCLUDED ON THIS SITE. YOU EXPRESSLY AGREE THAT YOUR USE OF THIS SITE IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK.
TO THE FULL EXTENT PERMISSIBLE BY APPLICABLE LAW, AMERICAN TECH REPORT DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. AMERICAN TECH REPORT DOES NOT WARRANT THAT THIS SITE, IT’S SERVERS, OR E-MAIL SENT FROM AMERICAN TECH REPORT ARE FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS. AMERICAN TECH REPORT, ITS MEMBERS, MANAGERS, OWNERS, AGENTS, AND EMPLOYEES WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES OF ANY KIND ARISING FROM THE USE OF THIS SITE, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE, AND CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES.
CERTAIN STATE LAWS DO NOT ALLOW LIMITATIONS ON IMPLIED WARRANTIES OR THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF CERTAIN DAMAGES. IF THESE LAWS APPLY TO YOU, SOME OR ALL OF THE ABOVE DISCLAIMERS, EXCLUSIONS, OR LIMITATIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU, AND YOU MIGHT HAVE ADDITIONAL RIGHTS. By using American Tech Report, you agree, without limitation or qualification, to be bound by, and to comply with, these Terms of Use and any other posted guidelines or rules applicable.

The website contains links to other related World Wide Web Internet sites and resources. American Tech Report is not responsible for the availability of these outside resources, or their contents, nor does American Tech Report endorse nor is American Tech Report responsible for any of the contents, advertising, products or other materials on such sites. Under no circumstances shall American Tech Report be held responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any loss or damages caused or alleged to have been caused by use of or reliance on any content, goods or services available on such sites. Any concerns regarding any external link should be directed to its respective site administrator or webmaster.

You agree to indemnify and hold American Tech Report, its officers, directors, owners, agents and employees, harmless from any claim or demand, including reasonable attorneys fees, made by any third party due to or arising out of your use of the website, the violation of these Terms of Use by you, or the infringement by you, or other user of the website using your computer, of any intellectual property or other right of any person or entity. We reserve the right, at our own expense, to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter otherwise subject to indemnification.

The Terms of Use are governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of Belize and the intellectual property laws of Belize. The Terms of Service for American Tech Report is entered into and shall be deemed wholly performed from July 24th 2017 to August 18th 2017 and shall in all respects be governed by and construed in accordance exclusively with the laws of Belize applicable to contracts made and to be entirely performed therein without regard to principles of conflicts of law. The parties specifically agree that the courts of the Caribbean Court of Justice, shall have personal and subject matter jurisdiction and exclusive venue with respect to any and all disputes in connection herewith.
American Tech Report is owned and operated by Public Ventures Of America Corp, which is a Belize based corporation. We are paid advertisers, also known as stock touts or stock promoters, who disseminate favorable information (the “Information”) about publicly traded companies (the “Profiled Issuers”).
We publish the Information on our website, americantechreport.com and in newsletters, text message alerts, audio services, live interviews, featured “research” reports, on message boards and in email communications for specific time periods that are agreed upon between us and the Profiled Issuer and / or third party paying us. Our publication of the Information is known as a “Campaign”. This information may be sent to potential investors at different times that are minutes, hours, days or even weeks apart. Typically, the trading volume and price of a Profiled Issuer’s securities increases after the information is provided to the first group of investors. Therefore, the later an investor receives the Information, the more likely it is that he will suffer trading losses if they purchase the securities of a Profiled Issuer late in a Campaign. We are paid to advertise the Profiled Issuers, Intelligent Cloud Resources, Inc. American Tech Report has been hired by a third party, Golden Island Investments Ltd., for a period beginning on July 24th 2017 and is scheduled to end on August 18th 2017 to publicly disseminate information about (ITLL) via website and email. We expect to be paid three hundred thousand dollars via a series of bank wire transfers over this period. We will update any changes to our compensation. We own zero shares of (ITLL).

Third Parties paying us to market the Profiled Issuer we believe intend to sell their shares they hold while we tell investors to purchase during the Campaign. Intelligent Cloud Resources Inc. is a penny stock that was illiquid (little to no trading volume) prior to our Campaign, and therefore these securities are subject to wide fluctuations in trading price and volume. During the Campaign the trading volume and price of the securities of each Profile Issuer will likely increase significantly because of the media exposure. When the Campaign ends, the volume and price of the Profiled Issuer will likely decrease dramatically. As a result, investors who purchase during the Campaign and hold shares of the Profiled Issuer when the Campaign ends will probably lose most, if not all, of their investment.

The Information we publish in the Campaign is only a snapshot that provides only positive information about the Profiled Issuers. The Information consists of only positive content. We do not and will not publish any negative information about the Profiled Issuers; accordingly, investors should consider the Information to be one-sided and not balanced, complete, accurate, truthful and / or reliable. We do not verify or confirm any portion of the Information. We do not conduct any due diligence, nor do we research any aspect of the Information including the completeness, accuracy, truthfulness and / or reliability of the Information. We do not review the Profiled Issuers’ financial condition, operations, business model, management or risks involved in the Profiled Issuer’s business or an investment in a Profiled Issuer’s securities.

All information in our Campaign is publicly available information from 3rd party sources and / or the Profiled Issuers and/or the 3rd parties that hire us. We may also obtain the Information from publicly available sources such as the OTC Markets, Google, NASDAQ, NYSE, Yahoo, Bing, the Securities and Exchange Commission’s Edgar database or other available public sources.

We select the stocks we profile and / or pick as we are compensated to advertise them. If an investor relies solely on the Information in making an investment decision it is highly probable that the investor will lose most, if not all, of his or her investment. Investors should not rely on the Information to make an investment decision.

The source of our compensation varies depending upon the particular circumstances of the Campaign. In certain cases, we are compensated by the Profiled Issuers, third party shareholders, and / or other parties related to the Profiled Issuers such as officers and/or directors who will derive a financial or other benefit from an increase in the trading price and/or volume of a Profiled Issuer’s securities.
We make no warranty and / or representation about the Information, including its completeness, accuracy, truthfulness or reliability and we disclaim, expressly and implicitly, all warranties of any kind, including whether the Information is complete, accurate, truthful, or reliable and as such, your use of the Information is at your own risk. The Information is provided as is without limitation.

We are not, and do not act in the capacity of any of the following; as such, you should not construe our activities as involving any of the following: an independent adviser or consultant; a fortune teller; an investment adviser or an entity engaging in activities that would be deemed to be providing investment advice that requires registration either at the federal and / or state level; a broker-dealer or an individual acting in the capacity of a registered representative or broker; a stock picker; a securities trading expert; a securities researcher or analyst; a financial planner or one who engages in financial planning; a provider of stock recommendations; a provider of advice about buy, sell or hold recommendations as to specific securities; or an agent offering or securities for sale or soliciting their purchase.


There are numerous risks associated with each Profiled Issuer and investors should undertake a full review of each Profiled Issuer with the assistance of their financial, legal, and tax advisers prior to purchasing the securities of any Profiled Issuer.
We are not objective or independent and have multiple conflicts of interest. The Profiled Issuers and parties hiring us have conflicts of interest. Third parties that have hired us and own shares will sell these shares while we tell investors to purchase, and this selling of the Profiled Issuer’s securities will likely cause investors to suffer losses.

Our publication of the Information involves actual and material conflicts of interest including but not limited to the fact that we receive monetary compensation in exchange for publishing the (favorable) Information about the Profiled Issuers; and we do not publish any negative information, whatsoever, about the Profiled Issuers; in addition to the fact that while we do not own the Profiled Issuer’s securities, the third parties that hired us do, and intend to sell all of these securities during the Campaign while we publish favorable information that instructs investors to purchase, and this selling of the Profiled Issuer’s securities will likely cause investors to suffer losses.

We are not responsible or liable for any person’s use of the Information or any success or failure that is directly or indirectly related to such person’s use of the Information because we have specifically stated that the information is not reliable and should not be relied upon for any purpose. We are not responsible for omissions and / or errors in the Information and we are not responsible for actions taken by any person who relies upon the Information.
We urge Investors to conduct their own in-depth investigation of the Profiled Issuers with the assistance of their legal, tax and / or investment adviser(s). An investor’s review of the Information should include but not be limited to the Profiled Issuer’s financial condition, operations, management, products and / or services, trends in the industry and risks that may be material to the profiled Issuer’s business and other information he and his advisers deem material to an investment decision. An investor’s review should include, but not be limited to a review of available public sources and information received directly from the Profiled Issuers or from websites such as Google, Yahoo, Bing, OTC Markets, NASDAQ, NYSE, www.sec.gov or other available public sources.

We are providing you with this disclaimer because we are publishing advertisements about penny stocks. Because we are paid to disseminate the Information to the public about securities, we are required by the securities laws including Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the “Exchange Act”) and Rule 10b-5 thereunder, and Section 17(b) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”), to specifically disclose my compensation as well as other important information, This information includes that we may hold, as well as purchase and sell, the securities of a Profiled Issuer before, during and after we publish favorable Information about the Profiled Issuer. We may urge investors to purchase the securities of a Profiled Issuer while we sell my own shares. The anti-fraud provisions of federal and state securities laws require us to inform you that we may engage in buying and selling of Profiled Issuer’s securities before, during and after the Campaigns.

Any investment in the Profiled Issuers involves a high degree of risk and uncertainty. The securities may be subject to extreme volume and price volatility, especially during the Campaigns. Favorable past performance of a Profiled Issuer does not guarantee future results. If you purchase the securities of the Profiled Issuers, you should be prepared to lose your entire investment. Some of the risks involved in purchasing securities of the Profiled Issuers include, but are not limited to the risks stated below.

We do not endorse, independently verify or assert the truthfulness, completeness, accuracy or reliability of the Information. We conduct no due diligence or investigation whatsoever of the Information or the Profiled Issuers and we do not receive any verification from the Profiled Issuer regarding the Information we disseminate.

If we publish any percentage gain of a Profiled Issuer from the previous day close in the Information, it is not and should not be construed as an indication that the future stock price or future operational results will reflect gains or otherwise prove to be advantageous to your investment.
The Information may contain statements asserting that a Profiled Issuer’s stock price has increased over a certain period of time which may reflect an arbitrary period of time, and is not predictive or of any analytical quality; as such, you should not rely upon the (favorable) Information in your analysis of the present or future potential of a Profiled Issuer or its securities.
The Information should not be interpreted in any way, shape, form or manner whatsoever as an indication of the Profiled Issuer’s future stock price or future financial performance.

You may encounter difficulties determining what, if any, portions of the Information are material or non-material, making it all the more imperative that you conduct your own independent investigation of the Profiled Issuer and its securities with the assistance of your legal, tax and financial advisor.
When 3rd parties that hire us acquire, purchase and / or sell the securities of the Profiled Issuers, it may (a) cause significant volatility in the Profiled Issuer’s securities; (b) cause temporary but unrealistic increases in volume and price of the Profiled Issuer’s securities; (c) if selling, cause the Profiled Issuer’s stock price to decline dramatically; and (d) permit themselves to make substantial profits while investors who purchase during the Campaign experience significant losses.

The securities of the Profiled Issuers are high risk, unstable, unpredictable and illiquid which may make it difficult for investors to sell their securities of the Profiled Issuers.

We may hire third party service providers and stock promoters to electronically disseminate live news regarding the Profiled Issuers, yet we have no control over the content of and do not verify the information that the Profiled Issuers and/or third party service providers publish. These third party service providers are likely compensated for providing positive information about the Issuer and may fail to disclose their compensation to you.
If a Profiled Issuer is a SEC reporting company, it could be delinquent (not current) in its periodic reporting obligations (i.e., in its quarterly and annual reports), or if it is an OTC Markets Pink Sheet quoted company, it may be delinquent in its Pink Sheet reporting obligations, which may result in OTC Markets posting a negative legend pertaining to the Profiled Issuer at www.otcmarkets.com, as follows: (i) “Limited Information” for companies with financial reporting problems, economic distress, or that are unwilling to file required reports with the Pink Sheets; (ii) “No Information,” which characterizes companies that are unable or unwilling to provide any disclosure to the public markets, to the SEC or the Pink Sheets; and (iii) “Caveat Emptor,” signifying buyers should be aware that there is a public interest concern associated with a company’s illegal spam campaign, questionable stock promotion, known investigation of a company’s fraudulent activity or its insiders, regulatory suspensions or disruptive corporate actions.

If the Information states that a Profiled Issuer’s securities are consistent with the future economic trends or even if your independent research indicates that, you should be aware that economic trends have their own limitations, including: (a) that economic trends or predictions may be speculative; (b) consumers, producers, investors, borrowers, lenders and/or government may react in unforeseen ways and be affected by behavioral biases that we are unable to predict; (c) human and social factors may outweigh future economic trends that we state may or will occur; (d) clear cut economic predictions have their limitations in that they do not account for the fundamental uncertainty in economic life, as well as ordinary life; (e) economic trends may be disrupted by sudden jumps, disruptions or other factors that are not accounted for in economic trends analysis; in other words, past or present data predicting future economic trends may become irrelevant in light of new circumstances and situations in which uncertainty becomes reality rather than predicted economic outcome; or (f) if the trend predicted involves a single result, it ignores other scenarios that may be crucial to make a decision in the event of unknown contingencies.
The Information is presented only as a brief snapshot of the Profiled Issuer and should only be used, at most, and if at all, as a starting point for you to conduct a thorough investigation of the Profiled Issuer and its securities. You should consult your financial, legal or other adviser(s) and avail yourself of the filings and information that may be accessed at www.sec.gov, www.otcmarkets.com or other electronic media, including: (a) reviewing SEC periodic reports (Forms 10-Q and 10-K), reports of material events (Form 8-K), insider reports (Forms 3, 4, 5 and Schedule 13D); (b) reviewing Information and Disclosure Statements and unaudited financial reports filed with the OTCMarkets.com; (c) obtaining and reviewing publicly available information contained in commonly known search engines such as Google; and (d) consulting investment guides at www.sec.gov and www.finra.org. You should always be cognizant that the Profiled Issuers may not be current in their reporting obligations with the SEC and the OTC Markets and/or have negative legends and designations at otcmarkets.com.

American Tech Report, reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to change, modify, add and/ or remove all or part of this Disclaimer and / or Terms of Use at any time.



















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft
















Bibey Post | 														




















 



















































Trending Stock News
Penny Stock News
Market News
Stock News








Latest Headlines





Gareth Morgan Investments Limited Partnership Lifted Its Centurylink (CTL) Holding; Manitowoc Company (MTW) Had 3 Bulls
test
Gareth Morgan Investments Limited Partnership increased Centurylink Inc (CTL) stake by 18.79% reported in 2016Q4 SEC filing. Gareth Morgan Investments Limited Partnership acquired 22,902 shares as Centurylink (more…)




New Amsterdam Partners Has Increased By $1.16 Million Its Primerica (PRI) Holding, Roystone Capital Management LP Trimmed Nexstar Broadcasting Group I (NXST) Holding
Maria Brooks
Roystone Capital Management Lp decreased Nexstar Broadcasting Group I (NXST) stake by 27.43% reported in 2016Q4 SEC filing. Roystone Capital Management Lp sold 225,500 shares as Nexstar Broadcasting Group (more…)


EPS for CENTRIC HEALTH (CHH) Expected At $-0.01; Rainier Investment Management Upped Its First Rep Bk San Francisco C (FRC) Position
Dolores Ford
Analysts expect CENTRIC HEALTH Corp (TSE:CHH) to report $-0.01 EPS on August, 8.They anticipate $0.06 EPS change or 85.71% from last quarter’s $-0.07 EPS. After having $-0.02 EPS previously, CENTRIC HEALTH (more…)




AirBoss of America (BOS) Analysts See $0.19 EPS, Secor Capital Advisors LP Raised Its Inogen (INGN) Position
Imperva (IMPV) Reaches $44.38 After 8.00% Down Move; Spf Beheer Bv Has Lowered Amerisourcebergen Co (ABC) Stake
EPS for SeaSpine Holdings (SPNE) Expected At $-0.79; Vertex Pharmaceuticals (VRTX) Shorts Up By 4.85%
Syndax Pharmaceuticals (SNDX) EPS Estimated At $-0.84; Fiduciary Trust Company Trimmed Nextera Energy (NEE) Holding
Analysts See $0.34 EPS for SeaWorld Entertainment (SEAS); Vermillion (VRML) Sellers Decreased By 17.9% Their Shorts
Cabot Oil & Gas (COG) Reaches $25.64 After 6.00% Up Move; Bluemountain Capital Management Has Decreased By $579,479 Its Citrix Sys (CTXS) Stake
Echostar (SATS) Analysts See $0.12 EPS; Springbok Capital Management Raised Weibo (WB) Position By $3.41 Million
Analysts See $-1.66 EPS for SAGE Therapeutics (SAGE), Shorts at Viewray (VRAY) Raised By 11.34%
Brown Capital Management Has Lifted By $13.93 Million Its Balchem (BCPC) Stake; U S Global Investors Has Lifted Its Hsbc Hldgs Plc (Call) (HSBC) Stake
Pacific Ethanol (PEIX) Reaches $6.35 After 8.00% Up Move, Prospector Partners Trimmed By $4.27 Million Its Primerica (PRI) Stake
Dubuque Bank & Trust Company Has Upped Its Harris (HRS) Position; Spirit Airlines (SAVE) Has 1.11 Sentiment
Analysts See $-0.47 EPS for Oncomed Pharmaceuticals (OMED), Vmware (VMW) Shorts Raised By 5.97%
Analysts See $0.36 EPS for NexPoint Residential Trust (NXRT); 1 Analysts Bullish Qihoo 360 Technology Co Ltd (QIHU)
LeMaitre Vascular (LMAT) Reaches $33.79 After 6.00% Up Move, Huntsman Has 0.67 Sentiment
At Bancorp Lowered Its Lennar (LEN) Holding; Last Week Container Store Group (TCS) Analysts
Exxon Mobil (XOM) Reaches $79.33 52-Week Low, Sir Capital Management LP Upped Halliburton Co (HAL) Position
Analysts at B. Riley Reiterate their Buy rating for Cohu (COHU) with $28.0000 Price Target; 8 Bullish Analysts Covering American Electric Power Company (AEP)
Stephens Maintained Hilltop Holdings (HTH) As “Buy”; Has Target Of $31.0000, Resmed Has 0.99 Sentiment
Tandem Diabetes Care (TNDM) Reaches $0.54 Yearly Low; Pura Vida Investments Has Raised Its Gw Pharmaceuticals Plc (GWPH) Stake






 





Free Newsletter Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for your stocks with our free daily email newsletter:






  Recent Posts 

Gareth Morgan Investments Limited Partnership Lifted Its Centurylink (CTL) Holding; Manitowoc Company (MTW) Had 3 Bulls


New Amsterdam Partners Has Increased By $1.16 Million Its Primerica (PRI) Holding, Roystone Capital Management LP Trimmed Nexstar Broadcasting Group I (NXST) Holding


EPS for CENTRIC HEALTH (CHH) Expected At $-0.01; Rainier Investment Management Upped Its First Rep Bk San Francisco C (FRC) Position


AirBoss of America (BOS) Analysts See $0.19 EPS, Secor Capital Advisors LP Raised Its Inogen (INGN) Position


Imperva (IMPV) Reaches $44.38 After 8.00% Down Move; Spf Beheer Bv Has Lowered Amerisourcebergen Co (ABC) Stake


EPS for SeaSpine Holdings (SPNE) Expected At $-0.79; Vertex Pharmaceuticals (VRTX) Shorts Up By 4.85%


Syndax Pharmaceuticals (SNDX) EPS Estimated At $-0.84; Fiduciary Trust Company Trimmed Nextera Energy (NEE) Holding


Analysts See $0.34 EPS for SeaWorld Entertainment (SEAS); Vermillion (VRML) Sellers Decreased By 17.9% Their Shorts


Cabot Oil & Gas (COG) Reaches $25.64 After 6.00% Up Move; Bluemountain Capital Management Has Decreased By $579,479 Its Citrix Sys (CTXS) Stake


Echostar (SATS) Analysts See $0.12 EPS; Springbok Capital Management Raised Weibo (WB) Position By $3.41 Million







© Copyright 2015-2017 Bibey Post Inc - bibeypost.com       About - Our Team - Contact













Salem Investment Counselors Inc. Has $198000 Stake in Baxter International Inc. (BAX)

































  Notizie
                

Renault share price tumbles despite 60pc profit increase 
E&G Advisors LP Increases Stake in Pioneer Natural Resources Company (NYSE:PXD) 
Analysts See $0.23 EPS for Physicians Realty Trust (DOC) 
U.S. economy bounces back from weak first quarter 
Exxon Mobil Corporation (XOM) Position Raised by City Holding Co 
YouTube TV is now live, though only in five major American cities 
InterOcean Capital LLC Buys 33174 Shares of Cisco Systems, Inc. (CSCO) 


























Notizia
Affari Cultura Scienza Sportivo Internazionale Salute Nazionale 




Affari
Cultura
Scienza
Sportivo
Internazionale
Salute
Nazionale


 


Salem Investment Counselors Inc. Has $198000 Stake in Baxter International Inc. (BAX)
Paterniano Del Favero
Luglio 24, 2017



Condividere













Here is the rundown on market activity for Baxter International Inc. (NYSE:BAX) by 21.6% during the first quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the SEC. Thrivent Financial for Lutherans now owns 17,301 shares of the medical instruments supplier's stock worth $768,000 after buying an additional 1,010 shares during the last quarter.A number of other institutional investors have also recently modified their holdings of the company. Victory Capital Management Inc. increased its position in shares of Baxter International by 438.8% in the first quarter. Piedmont Investment Advisors LLC owns 150,605 shares valued at $7,810,000. Quadrant Capital Group LLC raised its stake in Baxter International by 1.3% in the first quarter. Los Angeles Capital Management & Equity Research Inc. now owns 2,083,954 shares of the medical instruments supplier's stock valued at $108,074,000 after buying an additional 1,393,321 shares during the period. Finally, Teachers Advisors LLC raised its position in Baxter International by 11.0% in the fourth quarter. Harris Associates L P now owns 14,373,056 shares of the medical instruments supplier's stock valued at $745,387,000 after buying an additional 1,039,729 shares during the period. Reliance Trust Co. of DE now owns 5,743 shares of the medical instruments supplier's stock worth $298,000 after buying an additional 63 shares during the period. Finally, Reliance Trust Co. of DE boosted its position in Baxter International by 1.1% in the first quarter.Baxter International Inc., launched on October 19, 1931, through its subsidiaries, provides a portfolio of essential renal and hospital products, including acute and chronic dialysis; sterile intravenous (IV) solutions; infusion systems and devices; parenteral nutrition therapies; premixed and oncolytic injectables; biosurgery products and anesthetics; drug reconstitution systems, and pharmacy automation, software and services. (NYSE:BAX). Sr VP, President, Americas Brik V. Eyre sold 130,732 shares at an average price of $55.69 on Monday the 8th. The stock last traded at $63.04 a tad higher than $60.23, the 50 day moving average and a tad above the 200 day moving average of $53.80.Baxter International Inc. has a 12-month low of $43.13 and a 12-month high of $61.52. Baxter International Inc. The stock has a market cap of $34.10 billion, a P/E ratio of 18.56 and a beta of 0.66.Baxter International (NYSE:BAX) last announced its earnings results on Wednesday, April 26th. The medical instruments supplier reported $0.58 EPS for the quarter, topping the Thomson Reuters' consensus estimate of $0.51 by $0.07.The price/earnings ratio (P/E) for Baxter International Inc.is 18.67 and the forward P/E ratio stands at 24.30. The company had revenue of $2.48 billion during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $2.43 billion. News & Ratings Via Email - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Baxter International Inc. with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. Analysts expect that Baxter International Inc. will post $2.27 EPS for the current fiscal year. Investors of record on Friday, September 1st will be paid a dividend of $0.16 per share. The ex-dividend date of this dividend was Wednesday, May 31st. This dividend amount represented a yeild of $1.03.Investors can consider the Vanguard S&P 500 ETF (VOO) for exposure to Baxter International to participate in its growth potential.TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: "Baxter International Inc".Shares of Baxter International Inc. The Stock becomes significant when you consider how many shares are shorted versus the average daily volume, means how many days to cover those short shares at that volume. If you are accessing this piece of content on another site, it was stolen and republished in violation of global copyright and trademark law.Wells Fargo issued its first research report on the stock with a rating of "Outperform". BMO Capital Markets upgraded Baxter International from a "market perform" rating to an "outperform" rating and lifted their target price for the stock from $55.00 to $70.00 in a research note on Tuesday, July 11th. Cantor Fitzgerald began coverage on Baxter International in a research report on Thursday, June 29th. On July 27 JP Morgan made no change to the company rating of "Neutral" and moved down the price target from $65.00 to $48.00. Finally, Barclays PLC upped their price objective on Baxter International from $62.00 to $64.00 and gave the stock an "overweight" rating in a research report on Wednesday, June 14th. One analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, six have assigned a hold rating, six have given a buy rating and two have issued a strong buy rating to the company. The company now has a consensus rating of "Buy" and an average price target of $62.33.In other news, SVP Brik V. Eyre sold 130,732 shares of the business's stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday, May 8th. The shares were sold at an average price of $55.69, for a total value of $7,280,465.08. Following the completion of the transaction, the senior vice president now directly owns 49,966 shares of the company's stock, valued at approximately $2,782,606.54. $151,635 worth of stock was sold by Shapazian Carole J on Tuesday, May 23. The stock was sold at an average price of $55.89, for a total transaction of $210,146.40. Following the sale, the director now owns 16,226 shares of the company's stock, valued at $906,871.14. Thomas T. Stallkamp, Director disclosed the sale of 10,698 shares. Over the last three months, insiders sold 137,110 shares of company stock valued at $7,642,246. The Firm operates through two divisions: Hospital Products and Renal.

 




Altre relazioni OverNewsmagazine 









24 Luglio 2017




Dale Earnhardt Jr. taking Talents to NBC After Season







Can analysts adopt a bullish outlook for Yandex NV (NASDAQ:YNDX)?







Pedro travels home after suffering concussion











24 Luglio 2017




Trump calls senior House Democrat 'sleazy'









24 Luglio 2017




Love Island 2017 couples enjoy a final night prom









24 Luglio 2017




Chicago Lawn Shooting Kills One Man, Wounds 59-Year-Old











24 Luglio 2017




Previsioni meteo: le temperature caleranno anche di 8° rispetto agli attuali valori









24 Luglio 2017




Pedro Suffers Suspected Concussion in Chelsea's Win vs









24 Luglio 2017




Hellas Verona, ufficiale l'arrivo di Buchel









KCG Holdings Inc. Invests $376000 in Hibbett Sports, Inc. (HIBB)







Canaccord Genuity Trims Petra Diamonds Limited (PDL) Target Price to GBX 150









24 Luglio 2017




Saliva analysis hints at ghost human species









Recenti News Articoli


 
'Morning Joe' Slams Jared Kushner's Revised Russia Statement: 'Chaos and Sloppiness Defense'




 
Fiamme allo stabilimento Fiat di Termoli, operai evacuati




 
Trump Jr., Kushner, Manafort Ready to Talk to Senate; Aides Downplay 'Pardons'




Discuti questo articolo








 PIÙ POPOLARE OverNewsmagazine




Matteo Salvini ed Elisa Isoardi stanno ancora insieme?



Heavy rains bring flooding to Harford County, Baltimore region



Overcooked: Special Edition Arriving On The Nintendo Switch This Thursday



Eight bodies found in truck in Texas parking lot



Dying Light still so popular it's getting another year of free DLC



'Bachelorette' Rachel Lindsay Wasn't Intimate With Everyone in Fantasy Suites: I Was



Weekend Box Office Report: 'Dunkirk' Debuts First Overall



Camp Coverage: Jones and Garrett comment on Elliott's status



Asian markets lower as USA  dollar dips


Townsquare Media (NYSE:TSQ) Receives Media Impact Rating of 0.23







SEGUI I NOSTRI GIORNALE











ULTIME NOTIZIE OverNewsmagazine



 
Renault share price tumbles despite 60pc profit increase


E&G Advisors LP Increases Stake in Pioneer Natural Resources Company (NYSE:PXD)


Analysts See $0.23 EPS for Physicians Realty Trust (DOC)


U.S. economy bounces back from weak first quarter


Exxon Mobil Corporation (XOM) Position Raised by City Holding Co


Aspen Investment Management Inc Purchases 100 Shares of Altria Group (NYSE:MO)


Amazon failing to deliver on Southeast Asia promise


TransCanada Corporation (NYSE:TRP) Position Held by Meag Munich Ergo Kapitalanlagegesellschaft MBH


Tim, al presidente de Puyfontaine l'interim da amministratore delegato


The Bank of Nova Scotia (The) (BNS) Upgraded to "Buy" by BidaskClub







ALTRE NOTIZIE


Scienza
Cultura
Affari








By exploiting 802.11 wi-fi protocol association process probe requests...









The sport utility truck measures 150 inches long, 76.5 inches wide, an...









He also noted an increasing level of interest within China in games in...









The new offering is a result of the development that was in the pipeli...








In 2016, they reported that they had  one   billion  monthly users, ma...












T.J.  Miller  ( Silicon Valley ,  Deadpool ) is Gene, a malfunctioning...









The snap was shared by  Marc Anthony's  ex-wife on her  Instagram  acc...









However, bosses convinced Henwick that the death scenes were crucial a...









The supermodel couple first announced they were expecting in March. "I...









The firey outfielder then proceeded to toss his bat, kick at the dirt ...












Revenue advanced 17% to EUR29.54 billion from EUR25.19 billion.   Rena...








It has underperformed by 8.24% the S&P500. The stock of Xilinx, Inc. W...








It has underperformed by 15.19% the S&P500. Zurcher Kantonalbank Zuric...









A reading on core consumer prices, which exclude food and energy price...









Dubuque Financial Bank has invested 0.9% in  Exxon Mobil  Corporation ...
























© 2017 overnewsmagazine.com, OverNewsmagazine




Sportivo
Scienza
Cultura
Affari


Nazionale
Salute
Internazionale





Edizione

Contatti








﻿

























State of Alaska Department of Revenue Sells 350 Shares of Roper Technologies, Inc. (ROP) - BNB Daily





































 
















 

 













Daily Ratings & News for Roper Technologies Inc.
Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Roper Technologies Inc. with our free daily email newsletter:



 




Follow @bnbdailynews





Recent Posts

Phillips 66 (PSX) Receives Average Recommendation of “Hold” from Brokerages
Tesco Corporation (TESO) Expected to Announce Quarterly Sales of $40.65 Million
First BanCorp. (FBP) Expected to Post Earnings of $0.11 Per Share
Bank of Montreal Can Boosts Stake in Activision Blizzard, Inc (NASDAQ:ATVI)
Hexavest Inc. Has $176,000 Stake in Pool Corporation (NASDAQ:POOL)
Clearbridge Investments LLC Holds Stake in MDU Resources Group, Inc. (MDU)
First Financial Equity Corporation Acquires Shares of 7,330 Prudential Financial, Inc. (NYSE:PRU)
CVR Refining, LP (NYSE:CVRR) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research
Wunderlich Upgrades Abercrombie & Fitch Company (NYSE:ANF) to “Hold”
Armstrong World Industries Inc (NYSE:AWI) Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research
Albany International Corporation (NYSE:AIN) Lowered to “Hold” at BidaskClub
Armada Hoffler Properties, Inc. (NYSE:AHH) Downgraded to “Hold” at Stifel Nicolaus
Atmos Energy Corporation (NYSE:ATO) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research
Olympia Financial Group Inc (TSE:OLY) to Issue $0.17 Monthly Dividend
Richelieu Hardware Ltd. (TSE:RCH) Announces $0.06 Quarterly Dividend
Investors Purchase Large Volume of Energy Transfer Equity, L.P. Call Options (ETE)
Stock Traders Buy High Volume of Put Options on Marriott International (MAR)
United States Natural Gas Fund, Sees Unusually High Options Volume (UNG)
Capitala Finance Corp. Declares Monthly Dividend of $0.13 (NASDAQ:CPTA)
Stifel Nicolaus Reiterates “$85.00” Price Target for EQT Corporation (NYSE:EQT)


 


State of Alaska Department of Revenue Sells 350 Shares of Roper Technologies, Inc. (ROP)

Posted by Vince Mercandetti on Jul 23rd, 2017 // No Comments 

State of Alaska Department of Revenue decreased its position in shares of Roper Technologies, Inc. (NYSE:ROP) by 13.3% during the second quarter, according to its most recent filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The fund owned 2,278 shares of the industrial products company’s stock after selling 350 shares during the period. State of Alaska Department of Revenue’s holdings in Roper Technologies were worth $527,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. 
Other large investors also recently modified their holdings of the company. Motco boosted its position in Roper Technologies by 387.0% in the first quarter. Motco now owns 487 shares of the industrial products company’s stock worth $101,000 after buying an additional 387 shares in the last quarter. Independent Portfolio Consultants Inc. boosted its position in Roper Technologies by 164.7% in the second quarter. Independent Portfolio Consultants Inc. now owns 503 shares of the industrial products company’s stock worth $116,000 after buying an additional 313 shares in the last quarter. Northwestern Mutual Wealth Management Co. boosted its position in Roper Technologies by 9.0% in the first quarter. Northwestern Mutual Wealth Management Co. now owns 618 shares of the industrial products company’s stock worth $129,000 after buying an additional 51 shares in the last quarter. Creative Planning boosted its position in Roper Technologies by 7.7% in the first quarter. Creative Planning now owns 716 shares of the industrial products company’s stock worth $148,000 after buying an additional 51 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Quadrant Capital Group LLC boosted its position in Roper Technologies by 4.1% in the first quarter. Quadrant Capital Group LLC now owns 732 shares of the industrial products company’s stock worth $147,000 after buying an additional 29 shares in the last quarter. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 96.71% of the company’s stock. 




Roper Technologies, Inc. (NYSE ROP) opened at 234.77 on Friday. The company has a 50-day moving average price of $232.31 and a 200 day moving average price of $213.29. Roper Technologies, Inc. has a 52 week low of $159.28 and a 52 week high of $238.49. The company has a market cap of $23.95 billion, a PE ratio of 36.24 and a beta of 1.05. 


 Get Roper Technologies Inc. alerts:



Roper Technologies (NYSE:ROP) last released its quarterly earnings results on Friday, April 28th. The industrial products company reported $2.11 EPS for the quarter, beating the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $1.99 by $0.12. The firm had revenue of $1.09 billion for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $1.09 billion. Roper Technologies had a net margin of 16.74% and a return on equity of 12.81%. The business’s revenue for the quarter was up 20.4% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same quarter in the previous year, the company earned $1.81 EPS. On average, equities research analysts forecast that Roper Technologies, Inc. will post $9.21 EPS for the current fiscal year. 
The company also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Friday, July 21st. Stockholders of record on Friday, July 7th were given a dividend of $0.35 per share. This represents a $1.40 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 0.60%. The ex-dividend date was Wednesday, July 5th. Roper Technologies’s payout ratio is presently 21.60%. 
COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: “State of Alaska Department of Revenue Sells 350 Shares of Roper Technologies, Inc. (ROP)” was posted by BNB Daily and is the sole property of of BNB Daily. If you are viewing this piece of content on another publication, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of United States & international copyright laws. The original version of this piece of content can be read at https://www.baseball-news-blog.com/2017/07/23/state-of-alaska-department-of-revenue-sells-350-shares-of-roper-technologies-inc-rop.html. 
A number of research analysts have recently commented on the company. Royal Bank Of Canada reaffirmed an “outperform” rating and set a $248.00 target price (up previously from $245.00) on shares of Roper Technologies in a research note on Monday, May 1st. Barclays PLC upped their target price on Roper Technologies from $221.00 to $237.00 and gave the company an “overweight” rating in a research note on Monday, May 1st. Stifel Nicolaus reaffirmed a “buy” rating and set a $242.00 target price on shares of Roper Technologies in a research note on Friday, July 7th. Zacks Investment Research cut Roper Technologies from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Wednesday, May 3rd. Finally, Cowen and Company reaffirmed an “outperform” rating and set a $250.00 target price (up previously from $220.00) on shares of Roper Technologies in a research note on Monday, April 17th. Three investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and eight have assigned a buy rating to the stock. The company presently has an average rating of “Buy” and a consensus price target of $232.09.
In other Roper Technologies news, Director Christopher Wright sold 1,800 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Friday, June 9th. The stock was sold at an average price of $228.70, for a total value of $411,660.00. Following the sale, the director now owns 66,104 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $15,117,984.80. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which can be accessed through the SEC website. 2.50% of the stock is currently owned by insiders. 
About Roper Technologies
 

 
Receive News & Ratings for Roper Technologies Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Roper Technologies Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 





















Latest News




Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name (Required) 



Mail (will not be published) (Required) 



Website






 































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












NCR (NASDAQ:NCR CORP) Stock Price, News & Analysis | MarketBeat






















    























































































NCR Company Profile (NASDAQ:NCR CORP)



  






Company Profile



Analyst Ratings



Earnings History



Earnings Estimates



Dividend History



Insider Trade



Headlines



Social Media



Chart






About NCR (NASDAQ:NCR CORP)
NCR Corporation is a provider of Omni-channel technology solutions that enable businesses connect, interact and transact with their customers. The Company operates through three segments: Software, Services and Hardware. It sells a portfolio of hardware, software and services that combine to provide businesses with solutions. Its portfolio of self-service and assisted-service solutions are designed to allow businesses in the financial services, retail, hospitality, travel and telecommunications and technology industries to deliver an experience to consumers across physical and digital commerce channels. Its offerings include automated teller machines, point of sale terminals and devices, self-service kiosks, Omni-channel platform software and other software applications, and a suite of consulting, implementation, maintenance and managed services. It provides solutions for a range of industries, such as financial services, hospitality, travel and telecommunications, and technology. 


Industry, Sector and Symbol:

Sector: Technology
Industry: IT Services & Consulting - NEC
Sub-Industry: N/A
Symbol: NASDAQ:NCR CORP
CUSIP: N/A
Web: www.ncr.com/

Average Prices:50 Day Moving Avg: $40.31200 Day Moving Avg: $42.71


P/E:Trailing P/E Ratio: 24.12P/E Growth: 0.78Dividend:Dividend Yield: 1.0%


Profitability:Net Margins: 6.09%Return on Equity: 58.18%Return on Assets: 5.02%

 

Frequently Asked Questions for NCR (NASDAQ:NCR CORP)
What is NCR's stock symbol?

NCR trades on the NASDAQ under the ticker symbol "NCR CORP."



Who are some of NCR's key competitors?

 Some companies that are related to NCR include Accenture PLC (ACN), Automatic Data Processing (ADP), Cognizant Technology Solutions Corporation (CTSH), NetEase (NTES), Vmware (VMW), Infosys Limited (INFY), Wipro Limited (WIT), CGI Group (GIB), Palo Alto Networks (PANW), Total System Services (TSS), Gartner (IT), VeriSign (VRSN), CDW Corporation (CDW), Amdocs Limited (DOX), F5 Networks (FFIV), Jack Henry & Associates (JKHY), Akamai Technologies (AKAM) and Fortinet (FTNT).



Who are NCR's key executives?

NCR's management team includes the folowing people: William R. Nuti, Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive OfficerMark D. Benjamin, President, Chief Operating OfficerRobert P. Fishman, Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice PresidentAndrea L. Ledford, Chief Human Resource Officer, Executive Vice President, Chief Administrative OfficerMichael B. Bayer, Executive Vice President - Global SalesJ. Robert Ciminera, Executive Vice President - Hardware Product OperationsPaul E Langenbahn, Executive Vice President - Global SoftwareFrederick J. Marquardt, Executive Vice President - Global ServicesEdward Ray Gallagher, Senior Vice President, General Counsel, SecretaryChinh E. Chu, Lead Independent Director



How do I buy NCR stock? 

Shares of NCR can be purchased through any online brokerage account. Popular online brokerages include Vanguard Brokerage Services, TD Ameritrade, E*TRADE, Scottrade, Fidelity and Charles Schwab. 


MarketBeat Community Rating for NCR (NASDAQ NCR CORP)Community Ranking:  2.5 out of 5 (  )Outperform Votes:  35 (Vote Outperform)Underperform Votes:  35 (Vote Underperform)Total Votes:  70MarketBeat's community ratings are surveys of what our community members think about NCR and other stocks. Vote "Outperform" if you believe the stock will outperform the S&P 500 over the long term. Vote "Underperform" if you believe the stock will underperform the S&P 500 over the long term. You may vote once every thirty days.


Analyst Ratings
Consensus Ratings for NCR (NASDAQ:NCR CORP) (How are Consensus Ratings Calculated?) MarketBeat calculates consensus ratings using the most recent rating from each brokerage that has rated a stock within the last twelve months. Since brokers often use different ratings systems, each rating is normalized to a standardized rating score of 1 (sell), 2 (hold), 3 (buy) or 4 (strong buy). Consensus ratings scores are calculated using the mean average of the number of normalized sell, hold, buy and strong buy ratings. Each stock's consensus rating is derived from its calculated consensus ratings score (0-1.5 = Sell, 1.5-2.5 = Hold, 2.5-3.5 = Buy, >3.5 = Strong Buy). MarketBeat's consensus price targets are a mean average of the most recent available price targets set by each analyst that has set a price target for the stock in the last twelve months.MarketBeat will no longer include ratings and price target data in its consensus calculation if a broker drops coverage and MarketBeat has received a report that coverage was dropped. Ratings from certain research firms that issue ratings using purely quantitative methods (such as Zacks, Vetr and ValuEngine) are not included in consensus calculations. MarketBeat's consensus ratings and consensus price targets may differ from those calculated by other firms due to differences in methodology and available data.Ratings Breakdown: No ratings tracked in the last 12 months.Consensus Rating:N/A (Score: NaN)Consensus Price Target: N/A

Analysts' Ratings History for NCR (NASDAQ:NCR CORP)

Show:  
Only the Most Recent Rating From Each Brokerage
All Ratings For This Stock


                    No equities research coverage for this company has been tracked by MarketBeat.com


Earnings
Earnings History for NCR (NASDAQ:NCR CORP)No earnings announcements for this company have been tracked by MarketBeat.com


Estimates
Earnings Estimates for NCR (NASDAQ:NCR CORP)No earnings estimates for this company have been tracked by MarketBeat.com


Dividends
Dividend History for NCR (NASDAQ:NCR CORP)No dividend announcements for this company have been tracked by MarketBeat.com


Insider Trades
Insider Trading History for NCR (NASDAQ:NCR CORP)No insider trades for this company have been tracked by MarketBeat.com


Headlines
Headline Trends for NCR (NASDAQ:NCR CORP)


Latest Headlines for NCR (NASDAQ:NCR CORP)


Source:


All Sources
Trusted Sources
MarketBeat.com
Bloomberg
MarketWatch
Motley Fool
NASDAQ
Reuters
Seeking Alpha
The Street
The Wall Street Journal
Yahoo Finance




DateHeadlineNCR Corp (NCR) Q2 Earnings Top & Revenues Miss,'17 View Samewww.nasdaq.com - July 22 at 6:50 AMNCR Breaks Above 200-Day Moving Average - Bullish for NCRwww.nasdaq.com - July 12 at 6:17 AM


Social





Chart
NCR (NCR CORP) Chart for Friday, July, 28, 2017




This page was last updated on 7/28/2017 by MarketBeat.com Staff














































Salem Investment Counselors Inc                                                                                          - Winston Salem                                     , NC         - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



NC



Winston Salem



Investment Advice



Investment Counselors



                            Salem Investment Counselors Inc
                                    



 





















S 


Salem Investment Counselors Inc                                                                                         
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



480 SHEPHERD ST STE 200 WINSTON SALEM, NC 27103
Get Directions



(336) 768-7230
www.saleminvestment.com                                                                                 





Business Info



 Founded 1979
 Incorporated NC
 Annual Revenue $2,521,359.00
 Employee Count 14
 Industries Investment Counselors
 Contacts Dale M Brown                                                                                                            







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Since 1979, Salem Investment Counselors Inc                                                                                          has been providing Investment Counselors from Winston Salem. Salem Investment Counselors Inc                                                                                          is incorporated in North Carolina. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







S

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.














 

Investment Counselors  |  Salem Investment Counselors






















































































Each client benefits from the educational backgrounds, experience, and professional credentials of Salem’s counselors in the areas of investment analysis, banking, law, accounting, taxation, real estate, and venture capital. The backgrounds outlined below provide us with the breadth of expertise to concentrate on diversified total portfolios, and our experience in tax and estate planning matters enables us to address the totality of your needs.
William R. Watson
Bill began work as a counselor at Salem in 1982. Before that, he was employed at Wachovia Bank as an investment strategist. Bill received his MBA degree from the University of North Carolina in 1966 and his undergraduate degree from North Carolina State University in 1963. In 1975, Bill obtained the Chartered Financial Analyst designation from the Institute of Chartered Financial Analysts.

David B. Rea
David received his JD degree from Wake Forest University School of Law in 1979 and in 1981 earned his MBA from Indiana University. He is a graduate of Wabash College in Crawfordsville, Indiana. David became a CPA in 1982 and was employed as a senior tax accountant at Deloitte, Haskins & Sells before joining Salem in 1984. In 1987 David was awarded the Chartered Financial Analyst designation. He has been active in the Clemmons and Winston-Salem communities and has served on numerous boards and community organizations.

Dale M. Brown
Dale is President of Salem Investment Counselors, Inc. and a graduate of the University of North Carolina School of Business and School of Law where he was a member of Phi Beta Kappa and the Order of the Coif. He became a Certified Public Accountant in 1981 and a member of the North Carolina State Bar in 1979. Dale worked for Deloitte, Haskins and Sells from September 1979 to December 1987 where he was a designated specialist in qualified retirement plans and estate planning. In January of 1988, Dale joined Salem where he specializes in fixed income securities and portfolio management. Dale earned the Chartered Financial Analyst designation in 1990.

Jeffrey C. Howard
After graduating from honors from Duke University in 1976, Jeff earned his J.D. degree at the University of Tulsa College of Law. Following law school, he served as a judicial clerk to United States District Judge Franklin T. Dupree, Jr. Jeff went on to become a partner at one of the premier national law firms, Kilpatrick Townsend & Stockton, L.L.P., before he joined Salem in January 1996. He is past President of the Young Lawyers Division of the North Carolina Bar Association and he has served as President of the Parents’ Association and Chairman of the Board of Trustees of Forsyth Country Day School. He was President of the Duke Alumni Association Board of Directors from 2012-2014, a member of the Duke University Board of Trustees from 2011 to 2015 and Chair of the Hospice and Palliative Care Foundation Board of Directors (2009-2011). He is founder and past President of The First Tee of the Triad, a chapter of the national organization designed to foster character development and life skills in kids through the game of golf.

Kenneth S. Jones
Ken received his MBA in 1980 from the University of Chicago, graduating cum laude with concentrations in finance and accounting. He received his undergraduate degree from Duke University in 1978, graduating magna cum laude, with honors in economics. He joined Salem in 2000 after twenty years practicing accounting with a concentration in tax and financial planning. Ken earned the Certified Public Accountant designation in 1982, and in 1995 he was awarded the Personal Financial Specialist designation by the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants. Ken earned the Chartered Financial Analyst designation in 2003. Ken has been active in the community, including being chairman of several church finance committees.

George G. Kip Keener
Kip is a 2002 graduate of the Wake Forest School of Law. Kip received his undergraduate degrees from Hampden-Sydney College in 1999, graduating summa cum laude with honors in Political Science and Psychology. Since joining Salem, Kip has helped develop financial models for equity valuation and asset allocation models for client accounts. Kip serves as the firm’s Chief Compliance Officer, directing all firm policies and procedures.

Mark I. Thompson
Mark received his MBA from Wake Forest University’s Babcock Graduate School of Management in 1983 with concentrations in finance and investments. He received his undergraduate degree from the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill in 1974, majoring in Political Science. Prior to joining Salem in 2006, Mark held senior family relationship management positions for 20 years with specialized wealth advisory and family office firms, Wachovia Capital Management and Atlantic Trust Private Wealth Management, serving all aspects of client families’ financial management needs. Mark has remained active in various leadership and board activities in the Winston-Salem community throughout his professional career.

J.F. Goins III
Ted is a graduate from the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill with a double major in Economics and History. Since 1991 he has served several regional brokerage firms as an analyst, institutional salesman and client manager. Ted’s primary emphasis has been small cap equity analysis. Ted is an active volunteer and board participant with several local non-profit organizations.

Joe McCaffrey
Joe graduated from Harvard University in 2002 and earned his MBA in 2010 from Duke University’s Fuqua School of Business. From 2005 to 2015, Joe served as Managing Director of Research and Insights at the Advisory Board Company, a healthcare consultancy based in Washington, DC, where he provided customized investment guidance to hospitals and health care systems worldwide. Joe’s areas of expertise include strategic investment planning, capital prioritization, operating margin preservation, and growth and market share performance. Joe joined Salem in 2015 where he specializes in portfolio management and equities analysis.

Lyn E. Williams
Lyn received his undergraduate degree from North Carolina State University in 2002 and in 2004 earned a Master’s degree in Trust and Investment Management from Campbell University. In 2009, Lyn received his MBA from Wake Forest University. From 2004 to 2016 Lyn was employed with Wells Fargo, and its predecessor Wachovia Bank, providing wealth management services to high net worth individuals and families. In 2011, Lyn earned the Certified Trust and Financial Advisor designation. Lyn joined Salem in 2016 where he specializes in portfolio management and equities analysis. He is active in the Winston-Salem community serving on a number of boards and community organizations.
 


























 

Salem Investment Counselors


























































































   

helping you achieve your
financial goals
 
   

day-to-day management of
investments
 
   

personal management is
our cornerstone
 



 





 
!



Investment
Management


READ MORE






 
!



Financial
Counseling


READ MORE






 
!



Estate
Planning


READ MORE





 






OUR MISSION
At Salem Investment Counselors, Inc., personal account management is the cornerstone of our relationship with you. We believe that a personalized portfolio, based upon our professional knowledge as well as our knowledge of your life and your goals is the cornerstone of a successful approach to investing.
We have been providing portfolio management services to high-net-worth individuals, families, endowments and companies since 1979. Based in Winston-Salem, NC, the firm is an SEC Registered Investment Advisor with – as of December 2014 – more than $1.2 billion under management for clients throughout the United States and the world.

























 

Investment Counselors  |  Salem Investment Counselors






















































































Each client benefits from the educational backgrounds, experience, and professional credentials of Salem’s counselors in the areas of investment analysis, banking, law, accounting, taxation, real estate, and venture capital. The backgrounds outlined below provide us with the breadth of expertise to concentrate on diversified total portfolios, and our experience in tax and estate planning matters enables us to address the totality of your needs.
William R. Watson
Bill began work as a counselor at Salem in 1982. Before that, he was employed at Wachovia Bank as an investment strategist. Bill received his MBA degree from the University of North Carolina in 1966 and his undergraduate degree from North Carolina State University in 1963. In 1975, Bill obtained the Chartered Financial Analyst designation from the Institute of Chartered Financial Analysts.

David B. Rea
David received his JD degree from Wake Forest University School of Law in 1979 and in 1981 earned his MBA from Indiana University. He is a graduate of Wabash College in Crawfordsville, Indiana. David became a CPA in 1982 and was employed as a senior tax accountant at Deloitte, Haskins & Sells before joining Salem in 1984. In 1987 David was awarded the Chartered Financial Analyst designation. He has been active in the Clemmons and Winston-Salem communities and has served on numerous boards and community organizations.

Dale M. Brown
Dale is President of Salem Investment Counselors, Inc. and a graduate of the University of North Carolina School of Business and School of Law where he was a member of Phi Beta Kappa and the Order of the Coif. He became a Certified Public Accountant in 1981 and a member of the North Carolina State Bar in 1979. Dale worked for Deloitte, Haskins and Sells from September 1979 to December 1987 where he was a designated specialist in qualified retirement plans and estate planning. In January of 1988, Dale joined Salem where he specializes in fixed income securities and portfolio management. Dale earned the Chartered Financial Analyst designation in 1990.

Jeffrey C. Howard
After graduating from honors from Duke University in 1976, Jeff earned his J.D. degree at the University of Tulsa College of Law. Following law school, he served as a judicial clerk to United States District Judge Franklin T. Dupree, Jr. Jeff went on to become a partner at one of the premier national law firms, Kilpatrick Townsend & Stockton, L.L.P., before he joined Salem in January 1996. He is past President of the Young Lawyers Division of the North Carolina Bar Association and he has served as President of the Parents’ Association and Chairman of the Board of Trustees of Forsyth Country Day School. He was President of the Duke Alumni Association Board of Directors from 2012-2014, a member of the Duke University Board of Trustees from 2011 to 2015 and Chair of the Hospice and Palliative Care Foundation Board of Directors (2009-2011). He is founder and past President of The First Tee of the Triad, a chapter of the national organization designed to foster character development and life skills in kids through the game of golf.

Kenneth S. Jones
Ken received his MBA in 1980 from the University of Chicago, graduating cum laude with concentrations in finance and accounting. He received his undergraduate degree from Duke University in 1978, graduating magna cum laude, with honors in economics. He joined Salem in 2000 after twenty years practicing accounting with a concentration in tax and financial planning. Ken earned the Certified Public Accountant designation in 1982, and in 1995 he was awarded the Personal Financial Specialist designation by the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants. Ken earned the Chartered Financial Analyst designation in 2003. Ken has been active in the community, including being chairman of several church finance committees.

George G. Kip Keener
Kip is a 2002 graduate of the Wake Forest School of Law. Kip received his undergraduate degrees from Hampden-Sydney College in 1999, graduating summa cum laude with honors in Political Science and Psychology. Since joining Salem, Kip has helped develop financial models for equity valuation and asset allocation models for client accounts. Kip serves as the firm’s Chief Compliance Officer, directing all firm policies and procedures.

Mark I. Thompson
Mark received his MBA from Wake Forest University’s Babcock Graduate School of Management in 1983 with concentrations in finance and investments. He received his undergraduate degree from the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill in 1974, majoring in Political Science. Prior to joining Salem in 2006, Mark held senior family relationship management positions for 20 years with specialized wealth advisory and family office firms, Wachovia Capital Management and Atlantic Trust Private Wealth Management, serving all aspects of client families’ financial management needs. Mark has remained active in various leadership and board activities in the Winston-Salem community throughout his professional career.

J.F. Goins III
Ted is a graduate from the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill with a double major in Economics and History. Since 1991 he has served several regional brokerage firms as an analyst, institutional salesman and client manager. Ted’s primary emphasis has been small cap equity analysis. Ted is an active volunteer and board participant with several local non-profit organizations.

Joe McCaffrey
Joe graduated from Harvard University in 2002 and earned his MBA in 2010 from Duke University’s Fuqua School of Business. From 2005 to 2015, Joe served as Managing Director of Research and Insights at the Advisory Board Company, a healthcare consultancy based in Washington, DC, where he provided customized investment guidance to hospitals and health care systems worldwide. Joe’s areas of expertise include strategic investment planning, capital prioritization, operating margin preservation, and growth and market share performance. Joe joined Salem in 2015 where he specializes in portfolio management and equities analysis.

Lyn E. Williams
Lyn received his undergraduate degree from North Carolina State University in 2002 and in 2004 earned a Master’s degree in Trust and Investment Management from Campbell University. In 2009, Lyn received his MBA from Wake Forest University. From 2004 to 2016 Lyn was employed with Wells Fargo, and its predecessor Wachovia Bank, providing wealth management services to high net worth individuals and families. In 2011, Lyn earned the Certified Trust and Financial Advisor designation. Lyn joined Salem in 2016 where he specializes in portfolio management and equities analysis. He is active in the Winston-Salem community serving on a number of boards and community organizations.
 


























 

Contact Us  |  Salem Investment Counselors






















































































We welcome the opportunity to present ourselves to you for consideration as your investment advisor. Please feel free to contact us for additional information by calling (336) 768-7230, by email at kip@salemcounsel.com, or by fax at (336) 760-2512.
Mailing Address
Salem Investment Counselors, Inc.
P.O. Box 25427
Winston-Salem, NC 27114
Street Address
Salem Investment Counselors, Inc.
480 Shepherd Street
Winston-Salem, NC 27103
Map & Directions

            codepeople-post-map require JavaScript
        
































May 16, 2017 - Salem Investment Counselors Inc Buys Sonic Corp, Charles Schwab Corp, Vanguard Mid-Cap Growth ETF - DNQ, Sells Sonoco Products Co, Mondelez International Inc, Vanguard FTSE Pacific - GuruFocus.com 


















May 16, 2017 - Salem Investment Counselors Inc Buys Sonic Corp, Charles Schwab Corp, Vanguard Mid-Cap Growth ETF - DNQ, Sells Sonoco Products Co, Mondelez International Inc, Vanguard FTSE Pacific - GuruFocus.com May 16, 2017










Home




 Homepage


 Membership Levels


 Membership Data Coverage


 Complete Stock List


 Founder's Message


 The Book


 FREE Trial






Screeners


Value Screens 


 All-In-One Screener


 Industry Overview


 Ben Graham Net-Net


 Undervalued Predictable


 Buffett-Munger Screener


 Magic Formula (Greenblatt)


 Historical Low P/S List


 Historical Low P/B List


 Peter Lynch Screen


 High Short Interest


 52-Week/3Y/5Y Lows


 52-Week/3Y/5Y Highs


 Predictable Companies


 S&P 500 Grid


 Dividend Stocks


 Spin Off List




Downloads | Tools


  Excel Add-In GURUF


 Manual of Stocks™


 Download Financial Data


 Download Guru Portfolios


 Download Stock PDFs


 Download Insider Data


  API


 Mobile App




Strategies


 Performances


 Buffett-Munger


 Undervalued Predictable


 Low P/S


 Low P/B


 Broadest Owned


 Most Weighted






Gurus




 Latest Guru Picks


 Real Time Picks


 List of Gurus (Personalize)


 Gurus Portfolios


 Scoreboard


 Top 10 Holdings View


 Sector Picks


 International Picks


 Aggregated Portfolio


 Consensus Picks


 Guru Bargains


 Hot Picks


 Industry Trends


 Geographic Trend


 ETFs


 Options


 European Shorting






Insiders




 All Insiders


 CEO Buys/Sales


 CFO Buys/Sales


 Insider Cluster


 Guru+Insider Double Buys


 Triple Buys/Sales


 Insider Trends


 Canadian Insider


 Dutch Insider






Market


Market Valuation


 Economic Data


 Industry Overview


 Market-Cap/GDP Valuation


 Global Market Valuation


 Shiller P/E


 Shiller P/E By Sectors


 Buffett Assets Allocation




By Country


 USA


 Australia


 Canada


 China


 Germany


 India


 Japan


 UK


 More...






Articles


Articles


 Editor's Picks


 GuruFocus Research


 Value Ideas


 Interviews with Gurus


 Top Ranked


 Value Idea Contest


 Videos


 Following Authors




Submit Articles


 Writers Wanted


 Value Contest Winners


 Submit Articles Online


 My Articles






Conference




 Value Conference


 Speakers


 Location/Venue


 Register


 After Conference Gathering (Free Drinks)






Tutorials




 Tutorials & Webinars


 FAQ


 Contact Us






Log In




 Free Sign-up


 Log In


 7-Day Free Trial 






Subscribe




 Free Trial ($399/Year)


 Refer a Friend & Earn $50














Search
Compare

Search ▾










Get 7-Day Free Trial



My Portfolios▾
                        
Portfolios Overview
Create New Portfolio
Portfolio Contest


My Gurus▾
                        
Quick Browse
Personalize

My Gurus

Premium Gurus 
Premium Plus Investors 


























 How  to  use  GuruFocus  -  Tutorials
 What  Is  in  the  GuruFocus  Premium  Membership?
A DIY Guide on How to Invest Using Guru Strategies

 insiderArticles 
Bookmark

Print


Tweet















Bookmark Name:









			This page was added to your Bookmark.
		



Members Only. Please Sign Up or Log In first.




			Bookmark of this page has been deleted.
		



Salem Investment Counselors Inc Buys Sonic Corp, Charles Schwab Corp, Vanguard Mid-Cap Growth ETF - DNQ, Sells Sonoco Products Co, Mondelez International Inc, Vanguard FTSE PacificMay 16, 2017 |  About: 
SONC  +0%
VOT  +0%
VV  +0%
CAA  +0%
AMZN  +0%
LEN  +0%
SCHW  +0%
VYM  +0%
XBI  +0%
FNB  +0%
TLLP  +0%
SO  +0% 



Winston-salem, NC, based Investment company Salem Investment Counselors Inc buys Sonic Corp, Charles Schwab Corp, Vanguard Mid-Cap Growth ETF - DNQ, Vanguard Large-Cap ETF - DNQ, CalAtlantic Group Inc, Amazon.com Inc, Lennar Corp, Summit Hotel Properties Inc, Adient PLC, Caterpillar Inc, sells Sonoco Products Co, Mondelez International Inc, Vanguard FTSE Pacific, Wells Fargo, Alibaba Group Holding during the 3-months ended 2017-03-31, according to the most recent filings of the investment company, Salem Investment Counselors Inc. As of 2017-03-31, Salem Investment Counselors Inc owns 525 stocks with a total value of $931 million.  These are the details of the buys and sells.New Purchases: SCHW, VYM, XBI, FNB, TLLP, SO, VOD, AEP, ENFC, AMTD, Added Positions: SONC, VOT, VV, CAA, AMZN, LEN, INN, ADNT, CAT, EEM, Reduced Positions: MDLZ, VPL, WFC, BABA, MGK, SCHF, FXI, PFE, DVY, SNV, Sold Out: SON, ETP, SE, USB, VDSI, YDKN, SRCL, STJ, VUG, ZOES, 
SONC 30-Year Financial DataThe intrinsic value of SONCPeter Lynch Chart of SONCFor the details of SALEM INVESTMENT COUNSELORS INC's stock buys and sells, go to http://www.gurufocus.com/StockBuy.php?GuruName=SALEM+INVESTMENT+COUNSELORS+INCThese are the top 5 holdings of SALEM INVESTMENT COUNSELORS INCApple Inc (AAPL) - 338,783 shares, 5.23% of the total portfolio.  Shares reduced by 1.11%PepsiCo Inc (PEP) - 294,257 shares, 3.54% of the total portfolio.  Shares reduced by 0.86%Microsoft Corp (MSFT) - 465,296 shares, 3.27% of the total portfolio.  Shares added by 0.83%Berkshire Hathaway Inc (BRK.B) - 179,000 shares, 3.19% of the total portfolio.  Shares reduced by 0.24%Lowe's Companies Inc (LOW) - 274,796 shares, 2.43% of the total portfolio.  Shares reduced by 0.94%New Purchase: Charles Schwab Corp (SCHW)Salem Investment Counselors Inc initiated holdings in  Charles Schwab Corp.  The purchase prices were between $39.17 and $43.53, with an estimated average price of $41.29.   The stock is now traded at around $40.46. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.45%. The holdings were 103,141 shares as of 2017-03-31. New Purchase: Vanguard High Dividend Yield ETF - DNQ (VYM)Salem Investment Counselors Inc initiated holdings in  Vanguard High Dividend Yield ETF - DNQ.  The purchase prices were between $75.39 and $79.43, with an estimated average price of $77.17.   The stock is now traded at around $77.51. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.1%. The holdings were 12,413 shares as of 2017-03-31. New Purchase: SPDR Series Trust S&P Biotech (XBI)Salem Investment Counselors Inc initiated holdings in  SPDR Series Trust S&P Biotech.  The purchase prices were between $59.19 and $72.32, with an estimated average price of $67.09.   The stock is now traded at around $70.46. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.09%. The holdings were 11,950 shares as of 2017-03-31. New Purchase: F N B Corp (FNB)Salem Investment Counselors Inc initiated holdings in  F N B Corp.  The purchase prices were between $14.35 and $16.3, with an estimated average price of $15.35.   The stock is now traded at around $14.03. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.08%. The holdings were 49,787 shares as of 2017-03-31. New Purchase: Tesoro Logistics LP (TLLP)Salem Investment Counselors Inc initiated holdings in  Tesoro Logistics LP.  The purchase prices were between $51.95 and $59.69, with an estimated average price of $55.47.   The stock is now traded at around $53.86. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.06%. The holdings were 10,000 shares as of 2017-03-31. New Purchase: Southern Co (SO)Salem Investment Counselors Inc initiated holdings in  Southern Co.  The purchase prices were between $47.8 and $51.01, with an estimated average price of $49.42.   The stock is now traded at around $49.64. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.06%. The holdings were 10,980 shares as of 2017-03-31. Added: Sonic Corp (SONC)Salem Investment Counselors Inc added to the holdings in  Sonic Corp by 155991.43%.  The purchase prices were between $22.7 and $27.55, with an estimated average price of $25.24.   The stock is now traded at around $28.24. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.62%. The holdings were 109,264 shares as of 2017-03-31. Added: Vanguard Mid-Cap Growth ETF - DNQ (VOT)Salem Investment Counselors Inc added to the holdings in  Vanguard Mid-Cap Growth ETF - DNQ by 29673.00%.  The purchase prices were between $105.67 and $113.8, with an estimated average price of $111.09.   The stock is now traded at around $116.37. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.44%. The holdings were 29,773 shares as of 2017-03-31. Added: Vanguard Large-Cap ETF - DNQ (VV)Salem Investment Counselors Inc added to the holdings in  Vanguard Large-Cap ETF - DNQ by 4406.29%.  The purchase prices were between $102.37 and $109.93, with an estimated average price of $106.55.   The stock is now traded at around $110.12. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.43%. The holdings were 64,440 shares as of 2017-03-31. Added: CalAtlantic Group Inc (CAA)Salem Investment Counselors Inc added to the holdings in  CalAtlantic Group Inc by 597.96%.  The purchase prices were between $33.1 and $38.17, with an estimated average price of $35.36.   The stock is now traded at around $36.74. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.41%. The holdings were 119,700 shares as of 2017-03-31. Added: Amazon.com Inc (AMZN)Salem Investment Counselors Inc added to the holdings in  Amazon.com Inc by 50.78%.  The purchase prices were between $753.67 and $886.54, with an estimated average price of $833.5.   The stock is now traded at around $968.80. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.39%. The holdings were 12,304 shares as of 2017-03-31. Added: Lennar Corp (LEN)Salem Investment Counselors Inc added to the holdings in  Lennar Corp by 394.06%.  The purchase prices were between $42.92 and $52.97, with an estimated average price of $47.62.   The stock is now traded at around $51.32. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.33%. The holdings were 77,790 shares as of 2017-03-31. Sold Out: Sonoco Products Co (SON)Salem Investment Counselors Inc sold out the holdings in  Sonoco Products Co.  The sale prices were between $52.7 and $55.2, with an estimated average price of $53.81. Sold Out: Energy Transfer Partners LP (ETP)Salem Investment Counselors Inc sold out the holdings in  Energy Transfer Partners LP.  The sale prices were between $21.1 and $25.4, with an estimated average price of $23.2. Sold Out: Vasco Data Security International Inc (VDSI)Salem Investment Counselors Inc sold out the holdings in  Vasco Data Security International Inc.  The sale prices were between $12.6 and $15.65, with an estimated average price of $14.03. Sold Out: Spectra Energy Corp (SE)Salem Investment Counselors Inc sold out the holdings in  Spectra Energy Corp.  The sale prices were between $40.68 and $43.45, with an estimated average price of $41.93. Sold Out: US Bancorp (USB)Salem Investment Counselors Inc sold out the holdings in  US Bancorp.  The sale prices were between $50.31 and $56.41, with an estimated average price of $53.32. Sold Out: Yadkin Financial Corp (YDKN)Salem Investment Counselors Inc sold out the holdings in  Yadkin Financial Corp.  The sale prices were between $31.22 and $35.11, with an estimated average price of $33.14. Reduced: Vanguard FTSE Pacific (VPL)Salem Investment Counselors Inc reduced to the holdings in  Vanguard FTSE Pacific by 98.7%.  The sale prices were between $58.12 and $63.97, with an estimated average price of $61.82.   The stock is now traded at around $64.66. 						The impact to the portfolio due to this sale was -0.36%. Salem Investment Counselors Inc still held 700 shares as of 2017-03-31. Reduced: Wells Fargo & Co (WFC)Salem Investment Counselors Inc reduced to the holdings in  Wells Fargo & Co by 42.11%.  The sale prices were between $53.78 and $59.73, with an estimated average price of $56.74.   The stock is now traded at around $53.17. 						The impact to the portfolio due to this sale was -0.36%. Salem Investment Counselors Inc still held 83,704 shares as of 2017-03-31. Reduced: Mondelez International Inc (MDLZ)Salem Investment Counselors Inc reduced to the holdings in  Mondelez International Inc by 53.69%.  The sale prices were between $42.5 and $45.38, with an estimated average price of $44.31.   The stock is now traded at around $45.69. 						The impact to the portfolio due to this sale was -0.36%. Salem Investment Counselors Inc still held 60,956 shares as of 2017-03-31. Reduced: Alibaba Group Holding Ltd (BABA)Salem Investment Counselors Inc reduced to the holdings in  Alibaba Group Holding Ltd by 67.29%.  The sale prices were between $88.6 and $109.51, with an estimated average price of $101.77.   The stock is now traded at around $123.54. 						The impact to the portfolio due to this sale was -0.34%. Salem Investment Counselors Inc still held 16,315 shares as of 2017-03-31. Reduced: Vanguard Mega Cap Growth (MGK)Salem Investment Counselors Inc reduced to the holdings in  Vanguard Mega Cap Growth by 91.07%.  The sale prices were between $87.11 and $96.07, with an estimated average price of $92.75.   The stock is now traded at around $99.58. 						The impact to the portfolio due to this sale was -0.29%. Salem Investment Counselors Inc still held 2,825 shares as of 2017-03-31. Reduced: Schwab International Equity (SCHF)Salem Investment Counselors Inc reduced to the holdings in  Schwab International Equity by 52.23%.  The sale prices were between $27.68 and $30.03, with an estimated average price of $29.02.   The stock is now traded at around $31.49. 						The impact to the portfolio due to this sale was -0.23%. Salem Investment Counselors Inc still held 66,443 shares as of 2017-03-31. Here is the complete portfolio of SALEM INVESTMENT COUNSELORS INC. Also check out:
1. SALEM INVESTMENT COUNSELORS INC's Undervalued Stocks
2. SALEM INVESTMENT COUNSELORS INC's Top Growth Companies, and
3. SALEM INVESTMENT COUNSELORS INC's High Yield stocks
4. Stocks that SALEM INVESTMENT COUNSELORS INC keeps buying







  Currently 0.00/512345  Rating:  0.0/5 (0 votes)  


Subscribe
            via Email
Subscribe RSS





Comments


Please leave your comment:






More GuruFocus Links



Latest Guru Picks
Value Strategies


Warren Buffett Portfolio
Ben Graham Net-Net


Real Time Picks
Buffett-Munger Screener


Aggregated Portfolio
Undervalued Predictable


ETFs, Options
Low P/S Companies


Insider Trends
10-Year Financials


52-Week Lows
Interactive Charts


Model Portfolios
DCF Calculator


RSS Feed 
Monthly Newsletters


The  All-In-One Screener
Portfolio Tracking Tool










                        GuruFocus has detected 3 Warning Signs with Sonic Corp $SONC.                    

                        More than 500,000 people have already joined GuruFocus to track the stocks they follow and exchange investment ideas.
                    





















→Performances of the stocks mentioned by  insider




→User
            Generated Screeners

hsaabJulyrael222212rael222211liuzishuknown guru 12DBrizangordongwth 28Jul2017liuzishuconc&low turn guruliuzishuunder50guruTaekgyun Kovalue1liuzishudivgurufcfmailtoabhishekSpinoffs

→SONC Price Chart





$24 (1y: -10%)







Last 5 Quotes


My Portfolio






  Portfolio: Track My Stocks







To view my portfolio


Not a member yet?
Sign up now for a free account







 













Select portfolio(s):








                        Create a new portfolio



Why you are interested?



            Your selection and notes will be stored in your portfolio.
        


Login to add portfolio















Get WordPress Plugins for easy affiliate links on Stock Tickers and Guru Names
                    | Earn affiliate commissions by embedding GuruFocus Charts

                                                GuruFocus Affiliate Program: Earn up to $400 per referral.  ( Learn More) 













Home  About   Jobs    Advertise    Site Map    Term of Use    Privacy Policy     RSS    Mobile App     Email Alerts    Referral Program    Affiliate Program    FAQ    Contact Us
                               

                © 2004-2017                GuruFocus.com, LLC. All Rights Reserved.
            


                    Disclaimers: GuruFocus.com is not operated by a broker, a dealer, or a registered investment adviser. Under no circumstances does any information posted on GuruFocus.com represent a recommendation to buy or sell a security. The information on this site, and in its related newsletters, is not intended to be, nor does it constitute, investment advice or recommendations. The gurus may buy and sell securities before and after any particular article and report and information herein is published, with respect to the securities discussed in any article and report posted herein. In no event shall GuruFocus.com be liable to any member, guest or third party for any damages of any kind arising out of the use of any content or other material published or available on GuruFocus.com, or relating to the use of, or inability to use, GuruFocus.com or any content, including, without limitation, any investment losses, lost profits, lost opportunity, special, incidental, indirect, consequential or punitive damages. Past performance is a poor indicator of future performance. The information on this site, and in its related newsletters, is not intended to be, nor does it constitute, investment advice or recommendations. The information on this site is in no way guaranteed for completeness, accuracy or in any other way. The gurus listed in this website are not affiliated with GuruFocus.com, LLC.



                    Stock quotes provided by InterActive Data. Fundamental company data provided by Morningstar, updated daily.

















GF Chat {{numOfNotice}}




























×
Manage BookMarks





Close








FEEDBACK
















 

Services  |  Salem Investment Counselors






















































































Beginning with our first clients 31 years ago and continuing to this day, our central focus is to provide personal service to address each client’s needs. By doing so, we establish long-term relationships with our clients, which result in successful investment strategies implemented over the long term. Our counselors handle only a limited number of accounts, thereby allowing us to ensure that we fully understand the financial situation, objectives, and expectations of each client and that the client’s investment program is specifically tailored with those concerns in mind. We provide our clients with personal service that generally includes:
Investment management (asset allocation, portfolio management)
Financial counseling (setting objectives, income and debt analysis, charitable giving, retirement planning, benefit analysis, cash flow strategy)
Estate planning (gift planning, insurance review)
Tax planning (coordination of tax consulting and planning)
After mutually agreeing on your objectives, we assume responsibility for the day-to-day management of your investment assets. This includes purchase and sale decisions, regular portfolio reviews, and meetings to review results and modify objectives as needs change.
You will work with a designated investment counselor for all your investment management needs. Your Salem counselor develops a personal relationship with you based on face-to-face contact and direct communication. We make certain that we have a clear understanding of the most appropriate strategy to meet your needs and that you fully understand the holdings in your account and the plan established to meet your objectives.
Fees and Expenses
We are committed to making investment decisions based on well-reasoned analysis and thorough research. Accordingly, in our managed accounts, we do not sell mutual funds or other investment products that generate fees or commissions. Our fees are based solely on a percentage of the client’s assets under management. This arrangement places the incentive where it should be – to manage your account with the most prudent and effective investment strategy. All customary services provided to our clients, such as planning, consultations, and asset allocation, are covered by our fee. There are no hidden charges, syndication fees, or arrangements with brokers to whom a portion of fees are paid. Our clients are responsible for brokerage commissions on purchases and sales made within their accounts. We are sensitive to those fees and execute transactions at the lowest available commission rate.
Fees are billed at the end of each quarter and are based on the market value of the account at the end of the period. At the client’s option, this fee may be paid directly from the account. The percentage charged does not vary based on the profits made in your account.
Generally, the minimum account at Salem is $500,000.
Account Administration
While serving as a full-time financial advisor, we will provide you with the flexibility to maintain your present banking or brokerage relationship, or to place assets at a new financial institution. We do not “hold” or take custody of client assets; cash, stock certificates, and bonds are held by a brokerage firm or bank. Our management agreement with brokerage firms or banks provides us with the authorization to execute trades and otherwise act on your behalf to make certain your investments are properly positioned. You will receive regular monthly portfolio statements recapping your holdings and all transactions.








































Watch List News

















Home
About
Staff
Privacy Policy
Contact
























Headlines
Business
US News
Health
World
Investing
Technology

 



Latest News



 



BidaskClub Lowers STARWOOD PROPERTY TRUST, INC. (STWD) to Hold

						 July 28th, 2017  - 0 comments - Filed Under -
 by Hanz Christensen 


							Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Investing 



 
BidaskClub cut shares of STARWOOD PROPERTY TRUST, INC. (NYSE:STWD) from a buy rating to a hold rating in a report published on Monday morning. Separately, Zacks Investment Research cut shares of STARWOOD PROPERTY TRUST, INC. from a hold rating to a sell rating in a research report on Tuesday, April 4th. Three analysts have rated […]							Continue Reading








 



Royal Bank Of Canada Reaffirms “Buy” Rating for Sempra Energy (NYSE:SRE)

						 July 28th, 2017  - 0 comments - Filed Under -
 by Hanz Christensen 


							Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Investing 



 
Royal Bank Of Canada reaffirmed their buy rating on shares of Sempra Energy (NYSE:SRE) in a report issued on Monday. They currently have a $117.00 target price on the utilities provider’s stock. SRE has been the topic of several other reports. BMO Capital Markets restated a hold rating and set a $115.00 price objective on […]							Continue Reading








 



Conatus Pharmaceuticals Inc. (NASDAQ:CNAT) Raised to Hold at Zacks Investment Research

						 July 28th, 2017  - 0 comments - Filed Under -
 by Lindsey Winhoffer 


							Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Investing 



 
Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of Conatus Pharmaceuticals Inc. (NASDAQ:CNAT) from a sell rating to a hold rating in a research note published on Monday. According to Zacks, “Conatus presently has no approved product in its portfolio. However, its progress with the lead candidate, emricasan has been encouraging. Emricasan is in phase II development for […]							Continue Reading








 



Zacks Investment Research Lowers Bayer AG (BAYRY) to Sell

						 July 28th, 2017  - 0 comments - Filed Under -
 by Nicole Kennedy 


							Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Investing 



 
Zacks Investment Research cut shares of Bayer AG (NASDAQ:BAYRY) from a hold rating to a sell rating in a research report report published on Monday. According to Zacks, “Bayer has been facing lack of economic positions in brands and turnaround challenges in the last few quarters. The company is expecting several pipeline and regulatory related […]							Continue Reading








 



Genuine Parts Company (NYSE:GPC) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research

						 July 28th, 2017  - 0 comments - Filed Under -
 by Lindsey Winhoffer 


							Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Investing 



 
Zacks Investment Research cut shares of Genuine Parts Company (NYSE:GPC) from a hold rating to a strong sell rating in a research report sent to investors on Monday. According to Zacks, “Genuine Parts earnings missed the Zacks Consensus Estimate in the second quarter of 2017. However, revenues in the quarter rose year over year and […]							Continue Reading








 



Impax Laboratories, Inc. (IPXL) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research

						 July 28th, 2017  - 0 comments - Filed Under -
 by Mark Dietrich 


							Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Investing 



 
Zacks Investment Research lowered shares of Impax Laboratories, Inc. (NASDAQ:IPXL) from a hold rating to a strong sell rating in a research report released on Monday morning. According to Zacks, “Impax’s Generics segment has been under competitive and pricing pressure, which is expected to persist through 2017. However, the epinephrine auto-injector sales picked up and […]							Continue Reading








 



Columbia Sportswear Company (COLM) Rating Lowered to Sell at Zacks Investment Research

						 July 28th, 2017  - 0 comments - Filed Under -
 by Hanz Christensen 


							Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Investing 



 
Zacks Investment Research downgraded shares of Columbia Sportswear Company (NASDAQ:COLM) from a hold rating to a sell rating in a research note published on Monday morning. According to Zacks, “Shares of Columbia Sportswear have underperformed the industry in the last three months. Despite a robust brand portfolio, strategic partnerships and efforts to strengthen its Sorel […]							Continue Reading








 



PetMed Express, Inc. (PETS) Stock Rating Upgraded by Northcoast Research

						 July 28th, 2017  - 0 comments - Filed Under -
 by Micah Haroldson 


							Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Investing 



 
Northcoast Research upgraded shares of PetMed Express, Inc. (NASDAQ:PETS) from a neutral rating to a buy rating in a research note released on Monday morning, Marketbeat reports. Northcoast Research currently has $54.00 target price on the stock. Northcoast Research also issued estimates for PetMed Express’ Q2 2018 earnings at $0.31 EPS, Q3 2018 earnings at […]							Continue Reading








 



SAP SE (SAP) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research

						 July 28th, 2017  - 0 comments - Filed Under -
 by Micah Haroldson 


							Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Investing 



 
Zacks Investment Research downgraded shares of SAP SE (NYSE:SAP) from a hold rating to a sell rating in a research note published on Monday. According to Zacks, “SAP’s second-quarter 2017 IFRS earnings per share of €0.56 missed the Zacks Consensus Estimate and declined 17.7% from the year-ago figure. An increase in the share-based compensation expenses […]							Continue Reading








 



Morgan Stanley (MS) Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research

						 July 28th, 2017  - 0 comments - Filed Under -
 by Lindsey Winhoffer 


							Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Investing 



 
Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of Morgan Stanley (NYSE:MS) from a sell rating to a hold rating in a report issued on Monday morning. According to Zacks, “Morgan Stanley's shares have significantly outperformed the industry, over the last six months. The company’s second-quarter 2017 earnings surpassed the Zacks Consensus Estimate, mainly driven by improved equity […]							Continue Reading








 



Kimberly-Clark Corporation (NYSE:KMB) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research

						 July 28th, 2017  - 0 comments - Filed Under -
 by Micah Haroldson 


							Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Investing 



 
Zacks Investment Research lowered shares of Kimberly-Clark Corporation (NYSE:KMB) from a hold rating to a sell rating in a report issued on Monday morning. According to Zacks, “Kimberly-Clark’s stocks have been underperforming the broader industry over the past six months, due to unfavorable prices and dismal organic sales. It has been witnessing slower organic sales […]							Continue Reading








 



Zacks Investment Research Lowers Philip Morris International Inc (NYSE:PM) to Hold

						 July 28th, 2017  - 0 comments - Filed Under -
 by Mark Dietrich 


							Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Investing 



 
Zacks Investment Research lowered shares of Philip Morris International Inc (NYSE:PM) from a buy rating to a hold rating in a report published on Monday. According to Zacks, “After a dismal first quarter, Philip Morris again posted weaker-than-expected second-quarter 2017 results, wherein both earnings and revenues lagged the Zacks Consensus Estimate. While earnings per share […]							Continue Reading








 



Skyworks Solutions, Inc. (NASDAQ:SWKS) Upgraded to Buy by Zacks Investment Research

						 July 28th, 2017  - 0 comments - Filed Under -
 by Nicole Kennedy 


							Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Investing 



 
Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of Skyworks Solutions, Inc. (NASDAQ:SWKS) from a hold rating to a buy rating in a report issued on Monday morning. They currently have $121.00 price target on the semiconductor manufacturer’s stock. According to Zacks, “Skyworks reported strong third-quarter fiscal 2017 results. Both earnings and revenues increased on a year-over-year basis. […]							Continue Reading








 



Deutsche Bank AG Reaffirms “Buy” Rating for Reckitt Benckiser Group Plc (LON:RB)

						 July 28th, 2017  - 0 comments - Filed Under -
 by Nicole Kennedy 


							Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Investing 



 
Deutsche Bank AG reiterated their buy rating on shares of Reckitt Benckiser Group Plc (LON:RB) in a report released on Monday, MarketBeat Ratings reports. They currently have a GBX 8,500 ($110.73) price target on the stock. Other analysts have also recently issued reports about the company. UBS AG set a GBX 7,300 ($95.10) target price […]							Continue Reading








 



Colgate-Palmolive Company (NYSE:CL) Rating Reiterated by Jefferies Group LLC

						 July 28th, 2017  - 0 comments - Filed Under -
 by Micah Haroldson 


							Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Investing 



 
Jefferies Group LLC reiterated their hold rating on shares of Colgate-Palmolive Company (NYSE:CL) in a research note issued to investors on Monday. Jefferies Group LLC currently has a $79.00 target price on the stock, up from their prior target price of $77.00. CL has been the topic of several other reports. UBS AG reiterated a […]							Continue Reading








 



Skechers U.S.A., Inc. (NYSE:SKX) Earns Neutral Rating from Wedbush

						 July 28th, 2017  - 0 comments - Filed Under -
 by Micah Haroldson 


							Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Investing 



 
Wedbush reissued their neutral rating on shares of Skechers U.S.A., Inc. (NYSE:SKX) in a research report report published on Monday morning. Other equities research analysts have also issued research reports about the company. Cowen and Company reaffirmed a buy rating and set a $35.00 price target on shares of Skechers U.S.A. in a research report […]							Continue Reading








 



Dick’s Sporting Goods Inc (NYSE:DKS) Downgraded by Telsey Advisory Group

						 July 28th, 2017  - 0 comments - Filed Under -
 by Micah Haroldson 


							Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Investing 



 
Telsey Advisory Group downgraded shares of Dick’s Sporting Goods Inc (NYSE:DKS) from an outperform rating to a market perform rating in a research report released on Monday morning, MarketBeat reports. They currently have $40.00 price objective on the sporting goods retailer’s stock, down from their prior price objective of $52.00. Several other equities analysts have […]							Continue Reading








 



Cooper Tire & Rubber Company (NYSE:CTB) Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research

						 July 28th, 2017  - 0 comments - Filed Under -
 by Hanz Christensen 


							Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Investing 



 
Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of Cooper Tire & Rubber Company (NYSE:CTB) from a hold rating to a buy rating in a report released on Monday morning. They currently have $43.00 target price on the stock. According to Zacks, “Over the past 30 days, both the second-quarter and full estimates are moving up for Cooper […]							Continue Reading








 



Honeywell International’s (HON) Buy Rating Reiterated at Jefferies Group LLC

						 July 28th, 2017  - 0 comments - Filed Under -
 by Micah Haroldson 


							Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Investing 



 
Jefferies Group LLC restated their buy rating on shares of Honeywell International Inc. (NYSE:HON) in a report published on Monday morning. They currently have a $155.00 target price on the conglomerate’s stock, up from their previous target price of $141.00. Other analysts also recently issued reports about the company. Royal Bank Of Canada increased their […]							Continue Reading








 



Costco Wholesale Corporation (COST) Given “Outperform” Rating at Cowen and Company

						 July 28th, 2017  - 0 comments - Filed Under -
 by Micah Haroldson 


							Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Investing 



 
Cowen and Company reissued their outperform rating on shares of Costco Wholesale Corporation (NASDAQ:COST) in a report released on Monday morning. Several other research firms also recently issued reports on COST. Wells Fargo & Company restated a hold rating on shares of Costco Wholesale Corporation in a research report on Thursday, May 4th. BMO Capital […]							Continue Reading








 



Nike, Inc. (NKE) Receives “Buy” Rating from Guggenheim

						 July 28th, 2017  - 0 comments - Filed Under -
 by Lindsey Winhoffer 


							Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Investing 



 
Guggenheim restated their buy rating on shares of Nike, Inc. (NYSE:NKE) in a research report report published on Monday. The brokerage currently has a $70.00 target price on the footwear maker’s stock. NKE has been the topic of several other research reports. Piper Jaffray Companies set a $50.00 price target on shares of Nike and […]							Continue Reading








 



Schlumberger N.V. (NYSE:SLB) Given Buy Rating at Instinet

						 July 28th, 2017  - 0 comments - Filed Under -
 by Micah Haroldson 


							Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Investing 



 
Instinet reaffirmed their buy rating on shares of Schlumberger N.V. (NYSE:SLB) in a research report released on Monday. They currently have a $78.00 price target on the oil and gas company’s stock, down from their prior price target of $85.00. Several other equities research analysts also recently weighed in on SLB. Stephens restated an overweight […]							Continue Reading








 



Gentex Corporation’s (GNTX) “Outperform” Rating Reiterated at FBR & Co

						 July 28th, 2017  - 0 comments - Filed Under -
 by Micah Haroldson 


							Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Investing 



 
FBR & Co restated their outperform rating on shares of Gentex Corporation (NASDAQ:GNTX) in a research note released on Monday morning. FBR & Co currently has a $25.00 price objective on the auto parts company’s stock. FBR & Co also issued estimates for Gentex Corporation’s Q3 2017 earnings at $0.33 EPS, FY2017 earnings at $1.32 […]							Continue Reading








 



Jefferies Group LLC Reiterates Buy Rating for Home Depot, Inc. (The) (NYSE:HD)

						 July 28th, 2017  - 0 comments - Filed Under -
 by Micah Haroldson 


							Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Investing 



 
Jefferies Group LLC reaffirmed their buy rating on shares of Home Depot, Inc. (The) (NYSE:HD) in a report published on Monday. HD has been the topic of a number of other reports. Vetr raised shares of Home Depot, Inc. (The) from a hold rating to a buy rating and set a $153.35 price objective on […]							Continue Reading








 



Moody’s Corporation (NYSE:MCO) Rating Reiterated by Cantor Fitzgerald

						 July 28th, 2017  - 0 comments - Filed Under -
 by Micah Haroldson 


							Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Investing 



 
Cantor Fitzgerald reiterated their neutral rating on shares of Moody’s Corporation (NYSE:MCO) in a research note released on Monday morning. Cantor Fitzgerald currently has a $128.00 target price on the business services provider’s stock, up from their prior target price of $116.00. Cantor Fitzgerald also issued estimates for Moody’s Corporation’s FY2017 earnings at $5.48 EPS […]							Continue Reading








 



NeuroDerm Ltd. (NDRM) Downgraded by Raymond James Financial, Inc. to “Market Perform”

						 July 28th, 2017  - 0 comments - Filed Under -
 by Micah Haroldson 


							Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Investing 



 
Raymond James Financial, Inc. cut shares of NeuroDerm Ltd. (NASDAQ:NDRM) from an outperform rating to a market perform rating in a research report sent to investors on Monday, MarketBeat.com reports. The brokerage currently has $39.00 price target on the biotechnology company’s stock. A number of other brokerages have also weighed in on NDRM. Deutsche Bank […]							Continue Reading








 



Energizer Holdings’ (ENR) “Hold” Rating Reaffirmed at Jefferies Group LLC

						 July 28th, 2017  - 0 comments - Filed Under -
 by Micah Haroldson 


							Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Investing 



 
Jefferies Group LLC restated their hold rating on shares of Energizer Holdings, Inc. (NYSE:ENR) in a research note issued to investors on Monday morning. Jefferies Group LLC currently has a $52.00 price objective on the stock, down from their prior price objective of $54.00. A number of other brokerages also recently weighed in on ENR. […]							Continue Reading








 



Aac Technologies H (AACAY) Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research

						 July 28th, 2017  - 0 comments - Filed Under -
 by Micah Haroldson 


							Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Investing 



 
Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of Aac Technologies H (NASDAQ:AACAY) from a hold rating to a buy rating in a research report report published on Monday. The brokerage currently has $157.00 target price on the stock. According to Zacks, “AAC Technologies Holdings Inc. is a micro component solutions provider for communications and consumer electronics market. […]							Continue Reading








 



Quanta Services, Inc. (PWR) Lifted to “Buy” at Zacks Investment Research

						 July 28th, 2017  - 0 comments - Filed Under -
 by Mark Dietrich 


							Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Investing 



 
Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of Quanta Services, Inc. (NYSE:PWR) from a hold rating to a buy rating in a research report report published on Monday morning. They currently have $37.00 price objective on the construction company’s stock. According to Zacks, “Quanta Services began 2017 on a solid note, with robust year-over-year top- and bottom-line […]							Continue Reading








 



Centralnic Group PLC’s (LON:CNIC) “Buy” Rating Reaffirmed at Peel Hunt

						 July 28th, 2017  - 0 comments - Filed Under -
 by Nicole Kennedy 


							Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Investing 



 
Peel Hunt reissued their buy rating on shares of Centralnic Group PLC (LON:CNIC) in a report released on Monday morning. The brokerage currently has a GBX 62 ($0.81) price objective on the stock. Centralnic Group PLC (CNIC) traded down 2.48% on Monday, hitting GBX 59.00. 59,660 shares of the company’s stock traded hands. Centralnic Group […]							Continue Reading








 



Zacks Investment Research Lowers Novo Nordisk A/S (NYSE:NVO) to Hold

						 July 28th, 2017  - 0 comments - Filed Under -
 by Nicole Kennedy 


							Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Investing 



 
Zacks Investment Research downgraded shares of Novo Nordisk A/S (NYSE:NVO) from a buy rating to a hold rating in a report released on Monday. According to Zacks, “Novo Nordisk’s top line is driven by strong performance of products such as Victoza. Tresiba is also becoming one of the major contributors of revenue for the company. […]							Continue Reading








 



Nokia Oyj (NOKIA) Given a €6.50 Price Target at J P Morgan Chase & Co

						 July 28th, 2017  - 0 comments - Filed Under -
 by Mark Dietrich 


							Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Europe - Investing 



 
J P Morgan Chase & Co set a €6.50 ($7.56) price objective on Nokia Oyj (HEL:NOKIA) in a research report report published on Monday. The brokerage currently has a buy rating on the stock. A number of other analysts also recently weighed in on the company. UBS AG set a €6.60 ($7.67) price target on […]							Continue Reading








 



GATX Corporation (GATX) Lifted to Buy at Zacks Investment Research

						 July 28th, 2017  - 0 comments - Filed Under -
 by Nicole Kennedy 


							Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Investing 



 
Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of GATX Corporation (NYSE:GATX) from a hold rating to a buy rating in a research note published on Monday. They currently have $69.00 price objective on the transportation company’s stock. According to Zacks, “Shares of GATX Corporation have outperformed the industry it belongs to, in the last one year, on […]							Continue Reading








 



Tungsten Corp PLC (TUNG) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Canaccord Genuity

						 July 28th, 2017  - 0 comments - Filed Under -
 by Micah Haroldson 


							Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Investing 



 
Canaccord Genuity reiterated their buy rating on shares of Tungsten Corp PLC (LON:TUNG) in a report published on Monday morning. Canaccord Genuity currently has a GBX 92 ($1.20) price target on the stock. Shares of Tungsten Corp PLC (TUNG) traded up 3.36% on Monday, hitting GBX 61.50. The stock had a trading volume of 5,121 […]							Continue Reading








 



AILERON THERAP (ALRN) Now Covered by William Blair

						 July 28th, 2017  - 0 comments - Filed Under -
 by Micah Haroldson 


							Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Investing 



 
William Blair began coverage on shares of AILERON THERAP (NASDAQ:ALRN) in a report released on Monday, MarketBeat reports. The firm issued an outperform rating on the stock. William Blair also issued estimates for AILERON THERAP’s Q2 2017 earnings at ($0.42) EPS, Q3 2017 earnings at ($0.32) EPS, Q4 2017 earnings at ($0.35) EPS, FY2017 earnings […]							Continue Reading








 



MetLife, Inc. (NYSE:MET) Receives New Coverage from Analysts at J P Morgan Chase & Co

						 July 28th, 2017  - 0 comments - Filed Under -
 by Lindsey Winhoffer 


							Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Investing 



 
J P Morgan Chase & Co assumed coverage on shares of MetLife, Inc. (NYSE:MET) in a report issued on Monday morning. The brokerage issued a hold rating and a $78.00 target price on the financial services provider’s stock. A number of other brokerages also recently issued reports on MET. Vetr downgraded MetLife from a strong-buy […]							Continue Reading








 



The Charles Schwab Corporation (SCHW) Stock Rating Lowered by Nomura

						 July 28th, 2017  - 0 comments - Filed Under -
 by Mark Dietrich 


							Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Investing 



 
Nomura downgraded shares of The Charles Schwab Corporation (NYSE:SCHW) from a buy rating to a neutral rating in a report released on Monday. Several other equities research analysts also recently weighed in on the stock. Instinet reissued a conviction-buy rating and set a $46.00 price target (up previously from $44.00) on shares of The Charles […]							Continue Reading








 



Leggett & Platt, Incorporated (NYSE:LEG) Upgraded to “Long-term Buy” at Hilliard Lyons

						 July 28th, 2017  - 0 comments - Filed Under -
 by Nicole Kennedy 


							Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Investing 



 
Hilliard Lyons upgraded shares of Leggett & Platt, Incorporated (NYSE:LEG) from a neutral rating to a long-term buy rating in a research report sent to investors on Monday, MarketBeat reports. The brokerage currently has $66.00 price objective on the stock. A number of other brokerages also recently commented on LEG. BidaskClub upgraded shares of Leggett […]							Continue Reading








 



National Bank Financial Upgrades New Gold Inc. (NGD) to “Outperform”

						 July 28th, 2017  - 0 comments - Filed Under -
 by Nicole Kennedy 


							Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Investing 



 
National Bank Financial upgraded shares of New Gold Inc. (NYSE:NGD) from a sector perform rating to an outperform rating in a report released on Monday, Marketbeat.com reports. Other analysts have also issued reports about the stock. Raymond James Financial, Inc. restated a market perform rating and issued a $3.50 price objective on shares of New […]							Continue Reading








 



Blue Apron Holdings Inc (NASDAQ:APRN) Earns Market Perform Rating from Analysts at Raymond James Financial, Inc.

						 July 28th, 2017  - 0 comments - Filed Under -
 by Kyle Jackson 


							Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Investing 



 
Raymond James Financial, Inc. began coverage on shares of Blue Apron Holdings Inc (NASDAQ:APRN) in a report released on Monday morning, MarketBeat reports. The brokerage issued a market perform rating on the stock. Other research analysts have also recently issued reports about the company. SunTrust Banks, Inc. initiated coverage on Blue Apron Holdings in a […]							Continue Reading





Older Entries





















Free Email Newsletter

		Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for your stocks with our FREE daily email newsletter:



 






Follow Watchlist News

 











Latest News



BidaskClub Lowers STARWOOD PROPERTY TRUST, INC. (STWD) to Hold					

Royal Bank Of Canada Reaffirms “Buy” Rating for Sempra Energy (NYSE:SRE)					

Conatus Pharmaceuticals Inc. (NASDAQ:CNAT) Raised to Hold at Zacks Investment Research					

Zacks Investment Research Lowers Bayer AG (BAYRY) to Sell					

Genuine Parts Company (NYSE:GPC) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research					

Impax Laboratories, Inc. (IPXL) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research					

Columbia Sportswear Company (COLM) Rating Lowered to Sell at Zacks Investment Research					

PetMed Express, Inc. (PETS) Stock Rating Upgraded by Northcoast Research					

SAP SE (SAP) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research					

Morgan Stanley (MS) Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research					

Kimberly-Clark Corporation (NYSE:KMB) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research					

Zacks Investment Research Lowers Philip Morris International Inc (NYSE:PM) to Hold					

Skyworks Solutions, Inc. (NASDAQ:SWKS) Upgraded to Buy by Zacks Investment Research					

Deutsche Bank AG Reaffirms “Buy” Rating for Reckitt Benckiser Group Plc (LON:RB)					

Colgate-Palmolive Company (NYSE:CL) Rating Reiterated by Jefferies Group LLC					

Skechers U.S.A., Inc. (NYSE:SKX) Earns Neutral Rating from Wedbush					

Dick’s Sporting Goods Inc (NYSE:DKS) Downgraded by Telsey Advisory Group					

Cooper Tire & Rubber Company (NYSE:CTB) Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research					

Honeywell International’s (HON) Buy Rating Reiterated at Jefferies Group LLC					

Costco Wholesale Corporation (COST) Given “Outperform” Rating at Cowen and Company					



Archives

July 2017
June 2017
May 2017
April 2017
March 2017
February 2017
January 2017
December 2016
November 2016
October 2016
September 2016
August 2016
July 2016
June 2016
May 2016
March 2016
November 2015
October 2015
September 2015
August 2015
July 2015
June 2015
May 2015
April 2015
March 2015
February 2015
January 2015
December 2014
November 2014
October 2014
September 2014
August 2014
July 2014
June 2014
May 2014
April 2014
March 2014
February 2014
January 2014








			© Watch List News, LLC 2008-2017. All rights reserved. 


Privacy Policy |
			About | Staff 
			| Contact 










































 

Investment Philosophy  |  Salem Investment Counselors






















































































Once we understand your specific financial needs and goals, we design a portfolio to meet your objectives. Although our experience includes real estate, energy, venture capital, and other areas, we believe that common stocks should be the foundation of most investment portfolios. We do not believe that “timing” the stock market – anticipating periods of rising and falling stock prices – can be done consistently and successfully. We select common stocks for investments that have one or more of the following characteristics:

Established companies with above-average prospects for growth. These companies will have strong performance records, solid market positions, high margins and return on equity, and reasonable financial strength.


Small and medium-sized companies that may be out of favor or not closely followed by investors and are selling at prices that do not adequately reflect their long-term business potential.


Companies in industries that are undergoing consolidation, where the likelihood of acquisitions is above average.

Our philosophy, with respect to fixed income investing, is to minimize risk for our clients. We consider only high-quality issues in the short-term to intermediate-term maturity range. We aggressively seek the highest yields available among bonds with these characteristics.



























	Search Engine Marketing (SEM) - Bing Ads








































































































Skip to content











Sign upSign in


 


















You run your business. We'll help find your customers.
Bing Ads can help build your business and drive your success. Spend $25 and get $100 in advertising credit.†

†Offer details




Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.







Coupon code class

First name:

Last name:

Email:

Your website URL

Business phone



*Required
Microsoft may contact you to provide updates and special offers about Bing Ads. You can unsubscribe at any time. To learn more you can read the privacy statement.
Type the code from the image:

Enter security code:







             























×
Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.


†Offer Details: Offer expires December 31, 2017.  Valid only for new Bing Ads customers who are first party recipients of the offer email. A new Bing Ads customer is one that has not advertised on Bing Ads before. Enter promotional coupon code and spend $25 (applies to threshold and prepaid accounts) to receive $100 in Bing Ads credits. Limit one promotion code per new Bing Ads customer. Promotional code must be redeemed within thirty (30) days of Bing Ads new customer account creation. Ad campaign costs accrued before receiving a credit, as well as costs accrued after all credits are used, will be charged to the payment method associated with the Bing Ads account. If customer payment fails, the coupon amount will not be applied.  Ads will continue to run and accrue costs after any promotional credit has been used up. Any portion of the credit not used within ninety (90) days of credit redemption will expire and can't be carried over even if the Bing Ads Customer switches their payment method. Offer valid only to residents of the United States. In order for the offer to be valid, a form of payment must be entered into your account prior to redemption of the promotional code and prior to your account going live to take advantage of the credit. This offer may not be combined with any other offer, promotional code coupon or discount, separated, redeemed for cash, transferred, sold, or bartered. Microsoft, in its sole discretion, can close your account for any suspected coupon abuse. Refund of the $25 is not permitted.  See Bing Ads Terms and Conditions for more details at sign-up. Other terms and conditions may apply.  Microsoft reserves the right to cancel, change, or suspend this offer at any time without notice.









See how Bing Ads works



Customers search


Customers see your ad


Customers contact you


Watch how Bing Ads works  
 








×
How Bing Ads works

















Help more customers find you
See how Bing can attract customers your Google AdWords campaigns can't.

Reach 137 million searchers on the Bing Network.1
Tap into 32.9% of the search marketplace.2
Get in front of searchers who spend 16 percent more than the average internet searcher.2











Powerful network. Powerful benefits.



Reach across devicesConnect with customers looking for your business anytime, anywhere, on any device.


Go global or localReach people in the Bing Network everywhere or focus on cities, counties and areas within a certain distance from your business.


Easy to importIf you're already using another product like Google Adwords, it's easy to pull that campaign into Bing Ads.








You control your costs

 Free sign-upJoin Bing Ads for free and control your account at every step.


 Only pay for clicksPay just when customers click on your ad. No click, no charge.


 No minimum feeStart advertising with a budget that works best for your business.









 



The advantage we gain in cost per click gives us a great return on investment — more than 35 percent better than Google AdWords.
Scott Redgate, search engine marketing manager — CJ Pony Parts
By using Bing Ads features like Image Extensions and Sitelink Extensions, this auto parts retailer races to convert customers and beat its competition.

 Read about driving more conversions







 



We might not get as much of the volume as with Google AdWords, but the volume of the traffic that we get converts really well at a lower cost.
Scott Schult, Executive Vice President of Marketing — Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau
The Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau uses Bing Ads to drive site traffic and tourism at lower cost.

 Read about getting better ROI








Better results for less cost. That's as simple as I can make it. If I look at the quality of the traffic we get for the dollars we spend on Bing Ads, our ROI is fantastic.
Alex Littlewood, CEO   Motoroso
Motoroso, a market network for auto enthusiasts, gets better results for less cost and reaches a high-value audience with Bing Ads.

 Read about attracting quality traffic



 









Import your AdWords campaigns

Save time by importing your Google AdWords campaigns into Bing Ads to get ads live quickly.


Sign in with your Microsoft account (or create one) to get started on Bing Ads.


From within the Bing Ads interface, select the Import from Google AdWords option.


Enter your Google AdWords credentials and select the campaign you want to import.










Preview your ad

Get found online with search engine marketing. Make the most of your marketing dollars and drive customers to your business.
See how Bing Ads can work for you




















Get started today
Give us a few details about your business to create a Bing Ads account and get it up and running.


  
Sign up
Get started with Bing Ads 
Signing up is always free.













FAQ


Is Bing Ads right for me?

Is Bing Ads right for my business?
All types of businesses find value and success with Bing Ads. Whether you're focused on local calls and foot traffic, or want to drive traffic to your website from across the country or around the world. Bing Ads has solutions for you.
I already appear in search results for free. Why should I pay for advertising?
Your current customers may search for your business by name, aiming it easy to find you in search results. But customers you've yet to reach are more likely searching for general terms that wouldn't necessarily bring up your business in search results. Advertising next to relevant Bing search results puts your business front and center with interested customers you otherwise might not reach.
What is the difference between SEO and SEM? Which one is right for me?
Search engine optimization (SEO) is adjusting your website to improve your natural ranking in search results. You cannot pay to improve your website ranking on Bing or Yahoo, thus we often refer to these results and unpaid or "organic" search results.

	Clicks from SEO are free. But SEO also requires technical expertise and involves some factors over which you have only limited control.

	Search engine marketing (SEM) is paid advertising that appears next to or above unpaid (or "organic") search results. These paid ads are purchased through Bing Ads.

	You pay for SEM clicks. But SEM gives you more control over when your website appears on results pages and you decide how much you want to pay. And you can measure which ads are working and quickly improve your results.

	You don't have to choose between SEO and SEM. You can do both!
If my time is limited, should I still try Bing ads?
Yes! Call a Bing Ads specialist at 877-635-3561*and we’ll set up your first campaign for you for free. We’ll give you tips on getting the most out of your ads and set you up for success. We’re here to help.




About Bing Ads

Where does my ad appear?
Your ads could appear on the top or to the right of Bing, Yahoo, and MSN search results. And you can choose to target your ads to different geographic regions, times or days of the week, and even demographics.
What determines my ad position?
Bing Ads is a pay-per-click (PPC) advertising system. You bid based on how much you are willing to pay per each click on your ad. Because webpages have a limited number of places to show ads, we auction those spaces. You are bidding against other advertisers to get your ads into the space you want. So if you bid on the keyword "shoe", you will have to beat the bids of the other advertisers who are also bidding on "shoe." You determine how much you are willing to bid.
	Your ad position is based on several things, including:
	
How closely your ad and website fit with the terms that are searched (relevance).
How your bid compares to other bids in the Bing Ads auction.
How strongly your ad has performed in the past and how often it has been clicked (click-through rate).

	The stronger you are in these areas, the better your chances of winning the top ad position.




How to use Bing Ads

How can I use Bing Ads to drive more people to my website?
Here are some tips to get better results:
	
Review your budget and bid strategy. If your ad keeps pausing, your budget limit may be set too low. Competitive bids help your ad stay in a strong position to catch eyes and get more clicks to your website.
Expand your targeting, both for location and for devices (computer, mobile and tablet).
Make sure your ads and website are relevant to the keywords you bid on. Would someone searching your terms expect to see and ad for your business?


How can I keep my costs down?
While your first instinct may be to lower your budget, first try lowering your maximum bids. Yes, this could mean fewer customers visit your site. But if you increase your quality score and build ads with a strong performance history, you may be able to win a good ad position with a lower bid. That would lower your cost=per-click and help stretch your budget.
How do I know if Bing Ads is working?
View a wide range of performance trends in your account to quickly see key stats: ad clicks, the number of times your ad appeared (impressions), spend, average cost-per-click, click-through rate, average ad position, cost per acquisition, and conversions. You can also run performance reports to get insights into how well your campaigns are doing.
Can I run more than one ad?
Yes! In fact, we encourage it. Only one ad will show at a time but running multiple ads lets you test different approaches to see what's working best with your target customers. Frequently, businesses try out different ads for specific products or pages.




Getting started with Bing Ads

How do I get started?
Sign up for Bing Ads
Which keywords should I choose?
You have a few options to help choose your keywords. First you'll want to think of the terms one of your customers might use to search for your products and offerings. Those search terms are a great starting point. Then you can use tools right in your account to find more keywords. Within Bing Ads, click Campaigns on the top of the page. Click the Keywords tab, and then click Add Keywords. This will let you:
	
Search for new keywords based on one you enter.
Search a website for keywords.
Search your destination URLs for keywords.


How can I write a good ad?
Here are a few tips that can help make your ad stand out.
	
Keep your ads relevant. One way to improve relevance is to use your customer's most popular search terms in your ad titles and txt.
Describe what sets your product apart.
Use your customers' language. Use words and writing tone that are likely to attract your typical customer.
Be specific. This clearer and more specific your offering, the better. For example, rather than "big discount," specify and exact percentage, such as "50 percent off."
Give customers a reason to click your ad right now. Offer a specific call to action, such as encouraging customers to request a brochure or consultation, download a free e-book, subscribe to a newsletter, or take advantage of a limited-time discount.























Sign up with Bing Ads to get started





































