 



Spectrum Brands Holdings Acquires Salix Animal Health, World’s Largest Vertically Integrated Rawhide Dog Treat Company | Business Wire
























































Spectrum Brands Holdings Acquires Salix Animal Health, World’s 
      Largest Vertically Integrated Rawhide Dog Treat Company






January 20, 2015 08:00 AM Eastern Standard Time



MIDDLETON, Wis.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Spectrum Brands Holdings, Inc. (NYSE: SPB), a global and diversified 
      consumer products company with market-leading brands, announced today it 
      has acquired privately owned Salix Animal Health, LLC, the world’s 
      leading and largest vertically integrated producer and distributor of 
      premium, natural rawhide dog chews, treats and snacks with annual 
      revenues of approximately $100 million. Financial terms of the 
      accretive, all-cash transaction were not disclosed.
    


      “Salix will further strengthen, expand and diversify our Pet segment’s 
      position in rawhide dog treats, which is a fast-growing pet sub-category 
      with estimated annual global retail sales of $2 billion,” said Dave 
      Lumley, Chief Executive Officer of Spectrum Brands Holdings. “It will 
      provide important channel and brand differentiation for Pet’s North 
      American Dingo® business, along with immediate revenue opportunities in 
      Europe and Latin America.”
    

      Founded in 1988, Salix offers a comprehensive line of chews made from 
      beef hides, pork, chicken, beef and other various proteins. Salix 
      branded and private label products are sold to mass merchandisers, 
      grocery stores, pet specialty stores and warehouse clubs. Its two 
      flagship brands are Healthy-Hide® – which is marketed across the Good 
      ‘n’ Fun, Good ‘n’ Fit, and Good ‘n’ Tasty family of brands – and 
      Digest-eeze™. The business has strong patents around flavors and 
      digestibility.
    

      Salix has a flexible supply chain, including multiple manufacturing 
      plants in Brazil, Ecuador, Mexico and two in Colombia, which will give 
      Spectrum Brands’ Pet business increased optionality for a low-cost 
      global rawhide production and supply network.
    

      “Salix is an excellent opportunity for us in a number of ways, including 
      the ability to expand our strong Dingo® dog treats business with 
      complementary product offerings, enhance our intellectual property and 
      innovation with the Digest-eeze™ enzyme technology, and provide an 
      improved vertically integrated sourcing model in the Americas,” said 
      David Maura, Chairman of the Board of Spectrum Brands Holdings. “This 
      deal is a classic ‘plug and play’ acquisition for us, with immediate 
      synergies on the cost side and very attractive top-line growth 
      opportunities globally. I welcome Salix to the Spectrum Brands family of 
      businesses, and I am personally excited about our future together as we 
      take this business to new heights.”
    

About Spectrum Brands’ Global Pet Supplies Business


With fiscal 2014 net sales of $600 million, Spectrum Brands’ Global 
      Pet Supplies business is the leading manufacturer of consumer products 
      for pet supply markets globally. It provides innovative and well 
      recognized products of outstanding quality for pet owners, including 
      dogs, cat, birds, small animals, fish and reptiles. In aquatics, Tetra® 
      is the premium brand name with products including fish food and water 
      treatments, aquariums, filters, heaters, pumps and other supplies. 
      Companion pet products include treats, clean-up and training aid 
      products, health and grooming aids, and bedding marketed under brands 
      such as 8-in-1®, Dingo®, FURminator®, Nature’s Miracle®, IAMS® and 
      Eukanuba®. For more information, visit www.unitedpetgroup.com.


About Spectrum Brands Holdings, Inc.


Spectrum Brands Holdings, a member of the Russell 2000 Index, is a 
      global and diversified consumer products company and a leading supplier 
      of consumer batteries, residential locksets, residential builders’ 
      hardware, faucets, shaving and grooming products, personal care 
      products, small household appliances, specialty pet supplies, lawn and 
      garden and home pest control products, and personal insect repellents. 
      Helping to meet the needs of consumers worldwide, our Company offers a 
      broad portfolio of market-leading, well-known and widely trusted brands 
      including Rayovac®, VARTA®, Kwikset®, Weiser®, Baldwin®, National 
      Hardware®, Pfister™, Remington®, George Foreman®, Black & Decker®, 
      Farberware®, Tetra®, Marineland®, Nature’s Miracle®, Dingo®, 8-in-1®, 
      FURminator®, IAMS®, Eukanuba®, Littermaid®, Spectracide®, Cutter®, 
      Repel®, Hot Shot®, Black Flag® and Liquid Fence®. Spectrum Brands' 
      products are sold by the world's top 25 retailers and are available in 
      more than one million stores in approximately 160 countries. Based in 
      Middleton, Wisconsin, Spectrum Brands Holdings generated net sales of 
      approximately $4.43 billion in fiscal 2014. For more information, 
      visit www.spectrumbrands.com.


Forward-Looking Statements


Certain matters discussed in this news release and other oral and 
      written statements by representatives of the Company regarding matters 
      such as expected sales, adjusted EBITDA, debt reduction and leverage, 
      and other measures of financial performance, may be forward-looking 
      statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation 
      Reform Act of 1995. We have tried, whenever possible, to identify these 
      statements by using words like “future,” “anticipate”, “intend,” “plan,” 
      “estimate,” “believe,” “expect,” “project,” “forecast,” “could,” 
      “would,” “should,” “will,” “may,” and similar expressions of future 
      intent or the negative of such terms. These statements are subject to a 
      number of risks and uncertainties that could cause results to differ 
      materially from those anticipated as of the date of this release. Actual 
      results may differ materially as a result of (1) Spectrum Brands 
      Holdings’ ability to manage and otherwise comply with its covenants with 
      respect to its significant outstanding indebtedness, (2) our ability to 
      integrate, and to realize synergies from, the combined businesses of 
      Spectrum Brands and the Hardware & Home Improvement Group of Stanley 
      Black & Decker, and from our purchase of 56 percent of the equity of 
      Shaser, Inc., and from other bolt-on acquisitions, (3) risks related to 
      changes and developments in external competitive market factors, such as 
      introduction of new product features or technological developments, 
      development of new competitors or competitive brands or competitive 
      promotional activity or spending, (4) changes in consumer demand for the 
      various types of products Spectrum Brands Holdings offers, (5) 
      unfavorable developments in the global credit markets, (6) the impact of 
      overall economic conditions on consumer spending, (7) fluctuations in 
      commodities prices, the costs or availability of raw materials or terms 
      and conditions available from suppliers, (8) changes in the general 
      economic conditions in countries and regions where Spectrum Brands 
      Holdings does business, such as stock market prices, interest rates, 
      currency exchange rates, inflation and consumer spending, (9) Spectrum 
      Brands Holdings’ ability to successfully implement manufacturing, 
      distribution and other cost efficiencies and to continue to benefit from 
      its cost-cutting initiatives, (10) Spectrum Brands Holdings’ ability to 
      identify, develop and retain key employees, (11) unfavorable weather 
      conditions and various other risks and uncertainties, including those 
      discussed herein and those set forth in the securities filings of each 
      of Spectrum Brands Holdings, Inc. and Spectrum Brands, Inc., including 
      each of their most recently filed Annual Reports on Form 10-K or 
      Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q.


Spectrum Brands Holdings also cautions the reader that its estimates 
      of trends, market share, retail consumption of its products and reasons 
      for changes in such consumption are based solely on limited data 
      available to Spectrum Brands Holdings and management’s reasonable 
      assumptions about market conditions, and consequently may be inaccurate, 
      or may not reflect significant segments of the retail market. Spectrum 
      Brands Holdings also cautions the reader that undue reliance should not 
      be placed on any forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the 
      date of this release. Spectrum Brands Holdings undertakes no duty or 
      responsibility to update any of these forward-looking statements to 
      reflect events or circumstances after the date of this report or to 
      reflect actual outcomes.





Contacts

Spectrum Brands Holdings, Inc.Investor/Media Contact:Dave 
      Prichard, 608.278.6141


















Contacts

Spectrum Brands Holdings, Inc.Investor/Media Contact:Dave 
      Prichard, 608.278.6141









 
 

 






Search




Advanced News Search

Advanced News Search













Log In
Sign Up

















Salix Animal Health LLC | Food Safety News
















































Food Safety News


Breaking news for everyone's consumption 



 

 





Salix Animal Health LLC 




Salix Expands Recall of Dog Treats for Potential Salmonella Contamination 
By
News Desk | October 25, 2015



Salix Animal Health LLC of Deerfield, FL, has expanded its recall of “Good ‘n’ Fun – Beefhide Chicken Sticks” because the product may be contaminated with Salmonella. Sampling conducted by the Georgia Department of Agriculture confirmed the presence of Salmonella in an additional lot of this product. In an abundance of caution, Salix Animal Health is expanding… Continue Reading






Dog Treats Recalled for Potential Salmonella Contamination 
By
News Desk | September 30, 2015



Salix Animal Health LLC of Deerfield, FL, announced Wednesday, Sept. 30, that it is recalling one lot of “Good ‘n’ Fun – Beefhide Chicken Sticks” because it could be contaminated with Salmonella. The recalled “Good ‘n’ Fun – Beefhide Chicken Sticks” were distributed nationwide by Salix Animal Health to Dollar General and Dollar Tree retail stores…. Continue Reading





Stay Connected

Contact Us
Subscribe for Free via Email or RSS
Like Food Safety News on Facebook
Follow Food Safety News on Twitter
Connect with Food Safety News on LinkedIn


 
 
Government NewswireFDAGrande Produce Issues Voluntary Recall of Limited Quantity of Papaya “Caribeña” Due to Potential Health RiskHy-Vee, Inc. Issues Allergy Alert on Undeclared Soy in Hy-Vee Brand PizzasFDA Investigates Multiple Salmonella Outbreak Strains Linked to PapayasThe Idaho Foodbank Recalls Coconut Beverage, Broccoli Cheddar Soup, Eggs, and Cheese Product Because Of Possible Health RiskBhu Foods Voluntarily Recalls Protein Bars for Possible Health Risk CDCToday is World Birth Defects DayThe Challenge of Antibiotic ResistanceToday is World Cancer DayZika Virus UpdateThe Threat of Drug-Resistant TB USDAD & D Foods, Inc. Recalls Pizza Products Due To Misbranding and Undeclared AllergensStefano's Foods, Inc. Recalls Meat Products Due To Misbranding and Undeclared AllergenCesina Sausage Company Recalls Pork Product Due To MisbrandingMarathon Enterprises Inc. Recalls Hot Dog Products Due to Possible Extranous Material ContaminationCustom Culinary, Inc. Recalls Chicken and Beef Products Due to Misbranding and Undeclared Allergens CFIAFood Recall Warning - Allergen (Crustacean/Shellfish, Egg, Fish, Gluten, Milk, Sulphites, Wheat) – Tàvora brand patties and cakesFood Recall Warning - Allergen (egg) - Rocky Mountain Pies brand Sea Salt Caramel Chocolate Crème PieUpdated Food Recall Warning (Listeria) - Various brands of butterFood Recall Warning - Allergen (Milk) – High Liner Foodservice Signature brand Breaded Calamari Rings and High Liner Signature brand Multigrain Breaded Fillets TilapiaFood Recall Warning - Allergen (Gluten) – Lucky brand Black Pepper Powder

 

Food Recalls /sections/food-recalls/feed/






More distributors, brands likely involved in papaya outbreak






D&D Foods recalls almost 9 tons of pizzas made for Hy-Vee brand






Stefano’s Foods recalls 981 pounds of Stromboli products






Bush’s Best recalls beans because can seams are compromised




 
 
 






















Salix Animal Health LLC: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback























salix animal health llc
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: Industrials
Industry: Machinery
Sub-Industry: Industrial Machinery
Salix Animal Health, LLC was founded in 1987. The company's line of business includes the manufacturing of miscellaneous fabricated products.




Corporate Information
Address:

198 Lock Rd
Deerfield Beach, FL 33442
United States


Phone:
1-954-425-0001


Fax:
-


Web url:
www.salix-llc.com























From The Web












Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data






































Salix-LLC





















Phone: (800) 645-5154














Manufacturers and worldwide distributors of premium beefhide treats
Salix Animal Health is committed to providing premium products which are formulated from choice ingredients and processed under strict, food-grade guidelines. We developed the HEALTHY-HIDEÂŽ & Digest-eezeTM brands with our commitment to excellence in mind: it's the brand you can trust for the highest quality products that your dog will enjoy.























Quality
Your canine companion is your best friend. That's why no ordinary dog treat will do. In work and in play, they deserve the best quality chew that entertains, rewards and nourishes them for a lifetime.
Salix Animal Health has made this our mission for more than 25 years. We formulate and manufacture our special beefhide chews in eight international food-grade facilities, earning us the highest quality certifications in the industry worldwide.

Production Standards
Ingredients
Kennel Tested & Approved











 

Origin
Salix beefhide chews are produced with love and care from start to finish. Each premium beefhide treat is made from the finest beefhide, from free-range, open pasture cattle.
Manufacturing of Salix Chews are supervised by a skilled staff of professional researchers and production technicians, who ensure that the finest ingredients and state-of-the-art technology combine for the most delicious chew. And that's something you and your pet can feel great about!













Ingredients
Salix Animal Health is committed to satisfying man's best friend's cravings with Beefhide Chews that are 100% wholesome and delicious. If a rawhide is good enough to carry our name, you can be assured it is worthy of your trust and your pet's enjoyment.
Dogs crave variety and flavor, and we indulge them by using only real beef, pork, chicken, liver, and cheese - served in a variety of irresistible choices. We then add nutritional supplements, such as Omega Fatty Acids and other proprietary ingredients, to promote your friend's skin, coat and dental health.









Innovation
Scientifically-proven goodness - that's the secret behind delivering the most appetizing rawhide chew for your special friend. We care for your dog's health and well-being. That's why we pride ourselves on being the first to develop enzyme-treated rawhide that digests 60% faster.
How do we know your pet will love it? Our products have been dog approved and done immensely well in taste test after taste test. We're constantly breeding new ways to expand our product lineup, so you, and your friend, have more choices that nurture, satisfy and appeal for years to come.

  










                                Salix Animal Health
                            

To reach Customer Service:
                                1-800-645-5154











Quality


Origin


Ingredients


Innovation


Contact


Product Recall


Privacy Policy


Terms of Use

























Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft













Salix Animal Health, LLC, Announces Voluntary Recall of One Lot of "Good 'N' Fun - Beefhide Chicken Sticks" Dog Treats Due to Possible Salmonella Contamination






























































  


Skip to main page content
Skip to search
Skip to topics menu
Skip to common links




 
 







HHS
U.S. Department of Health and Human Services

 




  U.S. Food and Drug Administration

 
 




A to Z Index
Follow FDA
En Español


 




Search FDA


Submit search














 
 
 
 










Archived Content
The content on this page is provided for reference purposes only. This content has not been altered or updated since it was archived.




Search Archive


Submit archive search
















Safety







 en Español


 

 






Home

Safety

Recalls, Market Withdrawals, & Safety Alerts










Recall -- Firm Press Release FDA posts press releases and other notices of recalls and market withdrawals from the firms involved as a service to consumers, the media, and other interested parties. FDA does not endorse either the product or the company.   Salix Animal Health, LLC, Announces Voluntary Recall of One Lot of "Good 'N' Fun - Beefhide Chicken Sticks" Dog Treats Due to Possible Salmonella Contamination Contact:   Consumer:   1-800-338-4896     Media:   Connie Caldwell    314-683-2460 FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE – September 30, 2015 – Deerfield, FL  – Salix Animal    Health, LLC today announced it has initiated a voluntary recall of one lot of "Good 'n' Fun - Beefhide Chicken Sticks" because it may have the potential to be contaminated with Salmonella. Salmonella can affect animals eating the product and there is risk to humans from handling contaminated products. Healthy people infected with Salmonella should monitor themselves for some, or all, of the following symptoms: nausea, vomiting, diarrhea or bloody diarrhea, abdominal cramping and fever. Rarely, Salmonella can result in more serious ailments, including arterial infections, endocarditis, arthritis, muscle pain, eye irritation, and urinary tract symptoms. Consumers exhibiting these signs after having contact with this product should contact their healthcare providers. Pets with Salmonella infections may be lethargic and have diarrhea or bloody diarrhea, fever, and vomiting. Some pets will have only decreased appetite, fever and abdominal pain. Infected, but otherwise healthy pets can be carriers and infect other animals or humans. If your pet has consumed the recalled product and has these symptoms, please contact your veterinarian. The recalled "Good 'n' Fun – Beefhide Chicken Sticks" was distributed nationwide by Salix Animal Health to Dollar General and Dollar Tree retail stores. The recalled product is packaged in a 2.8 ounce bag stamped on the back side with lot # AO15010 and with an expiration date of 03/2018. The UPC code is 0 91093 82247 1. No pet or consumer illnesses from this product have been reported to date. However, because of our commitment to safety and quality, Salix Animal Health is conducting a voluntary recall of this product. The potential for contamination was noted after routine testing by the Georgia Department of Agriculture revealed the presence of Salmonella in one 2.8 ounce package of "Good 'n' Fun - Beefhide Chicken Sticks" labeled with the recalled code. No other product is affected at this time. Customers should look at the lot code and expiration date on the product package to determine if it is subject to the voluntary recall. Customers who have purchased the product subject to this recall are urged to dispose of the product or return it for full refund. We take our responsibility to pets and their owners seriously and as a result we are investigating the cause of this problem so that we can prevent it from occurring in the future. Salix Animal Health, is also working with retailers to ensure that the affected product is no longer sold and removed from inventory. If you have these products, please contact Salix Animal Health's consumer affairs team at 1-800-338-4896, Monday through Friday between the hours of 8:30 AM - 5:00 PM Eastern Standard Time for a refund. Customers with questions may call the consumer affairs team at the number listed above. For press inquiries, please contact Connie Caldwell at 314-683-2460, Monday through Friday 9:00 AM - 6:00 PM Eastern Standard Time. ### RSS Feed for FDA Recalls Information [what’s this?] Photo: Product Labels Recalled Product Photos Are Also Available on FDA’s Flickr Photostream.











More in Recalls, Market Withdrawals, & Safety Alerts

Archive for Recalls, Market Withdrawals & Safety Alerts
2017
2016
2015

Enforcement Reports
Pending Recalls
Archived Enforcement Reports

Industry Guidance

Major Product Recalls
DKH Cheese Recalls (Listeria monocytogenes contamination)
Frozen vegetable products (Listeria monocytogenes)
Industry Resources for Recalls
Undeclared Peanut (from Cumin Ingredient) Recalls
Sunland Nut and Seed Product Recalls

 














	Page Last Updated: 09/30/2015


	Note: If you need help accessing information in different file formats, see Instructions for Downloading Viewers and Players.
   Language Assistance Available: Español | 繁體中文 | Tiếng Việt | 한국어 | Tagalog | Русский | العربية | Kreyòl Ayisyen | Français | Polski | Português | Italiano | Deutsch | 日本語 | فارسی | English






 















