

Henry Salzhauer and Michael Salzhauer: Admin. Proc. Rel. No. 34-45005 / October 31, 2001















Home | Previous Page





























UNITED STATES OF AMERICA
BEFORE THE
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934
Release No.  45005 / October 31, 2001
ADMINISTRATIVE PROCEEDING
File No.  3-10629



In the Matter of 
HENRY SALZHAUER and    
MICHAEL SALZHAUER,
Respondents.

::::::
ORDER INSTITUTING PUBLIC
ADMINISTRATIVE PROCEEDINGS
PURSUANT TO SECTION 21C OF
THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT
OF 1934, MAKING FINDINGS, AND
IMPOSING REMEDIAL SANCTIONS
AND CEASE-AND-DESIST ORDERS
I.
The Securities and Exchange Commission ("Commission") deems it appropriate that cease-and-desist proceedings be instituted against Henry Salzhauer and Michael Salzhauer (collectively the "Respondents") pursuant to Section 21C of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 ("Exchange Act").  

II.
In anticipation of the institution of these cease-and-desist proceedings, Henry Salzhauer and Michael Salzhauer have each submitted an Offer of Settlement (the "Offers"), which the Commission has determined to accept.  Solely for the purpose of these proceedings and any other proceedings brought by or on behalf of the Commission or to which the Commission is a party, and without admitting or denying the findings set forth herein, except the jurisdiction of the Commission over them and the subject matter set forth in this Order, which the Respondents admit, the Respondents consent to the entry of the findings and to the imposition of the sanctions set forth below and to the issuance of this Order Instituting Public Administrative Proceedings Pursuant to Section 21C of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, Making Findings, and Imposing Remedial Sanctions and Cease-and-Desist Orders ("Order").

III.
On the basis of this Order and the Respondents' Offers, the Commission finds the following:1
A. Summary
1. This matter concerns a fraudulent course of conduct that involved material misrepresentations to certain savings banks in connection with their conversion from mutual to stock ownership.  From October 1997 through March 1998, Henry and Michael Salzhauer (the "Salzhauers") and Vito Valentini ("Valentini") took numerous actions to profit from the subscription rights of other persons who were depositors of these savings banks, and who purchased stock in the initial public offerings of these savings banks.  

2. Mutual banks are owned by their depositors.  When a mutual bank converts to stock ownership, federal and state banking regulations require that depositors receive non-transferable subscription rights entitling them to purchase conversion stock before the general public.  The Salzhauers and Valentini entered into agreements with certain depositors pursuant to which the Salzhauers provided funds to pay for the depositors' exercise of their subscription rights.  Pursuant to these agreements, the depositors gave Henry Salzhauer exclusive discretion to sell their conversion stock, and the depositors, the Salzhauers and Valentini then shared the resulting profits from the sale of that conversion stock.  Despite these agreements, the depositors represented to the converting banks that they were purchasing the conversion stock for their own account, and that they had not entered into any agreement or understanding regarding any further sale or transfer of their shares.  These representations were false.  By engaging in this course of conduct, the Salzhauers violated the antifraud provisions of the Exchange Act.  The Salzhauers unlawfully realized profits of  $1,207,019.

  B. Respondents
1. Henry Salzhauer, age 65, resides in Sands Point, New York.  Henry Salzhauer controls his family's real estate and investment businesses, including a hedge fund, the assets of which are invested almost exclusively in bank stocks.  

2. Michael Salzhauer, age 38, resides in New York, New York.  Michael Salzhauer is Henry Salzhauer's son and he works along with his father managing the family's real estate and securities investments.

C. Other Relevant Entities
1. Staten Island Bancorp ("SIB"), a Delaware corporation, was incorporated in 1997 to be the holding company for Staten Island Savings Bank ("SISB").  SIB acquired all of SISB's capital stock at the time of its conversion to a publicly traded company.  At the time of the bank's conversion, SISB operated seventeen branches and was the largest depository institution in the New York City borough of Staten Island.  

2. Richmond County Financial Corporation ("RCFC"), a Delaware Corporation, was incorporated in 1997 to be the holding company for Richmond County Savings Bank ("RCSB").  RCFC acquired all of RCSB's capital stock at the time of its conversion to a publicly traded company.  At the time of the bank's conversion, RCSB operated eleven branches in Staten Island and one branch in Brooklyn, New York.

3. Independence Community Bank Corporation ("ICBC"), a Delaware Corporation, was incorporated in 1997 to be the holding company for Independence Savings Bank ("ISB").  ICBC acquired all of ISB's capital stock at the time of the bank's conversion to a publicly traded company.  Headquartered in Brooklyn, ISB operated 34 branches in the New York metropolitan area at the time of the conversion.

D. Facts
1.     Federal and State Regulations Govern the Conversion of                 Mutual Banks to Stock Ownership
Saving and loan associations are either mutual associations ("mutual banks"), owned by their depositors and borrowers, or stock associations owned by their stockholders ("stock banks").  A mutual bank can convert to a stock bank by issuing and selling shares of stock.  Rules and regulations concerning the conversion process ensure that conversions will benefit the converting association, its members, and the general public.  These federal and state regulations, in place during all times relevant to this action, govern conversion procedures.  An Office of Thrift Supervision ("OTS") regulation, 12 C.F.R. §563b.3(c), requires, among other things, that eligible account holders be given non-transferable subscription rights entitling them to purchase conversion stock before the general public.  OTS and New York Banking Department ("NYBD") regulations prohibit transfer of, or agreements or understandings to transfer, the legal or beneficial ownership of subscription rights or the underlying stock prior to the completion of a conversion.  12 C.F.R. §563.3(i) and N.Y. Comp. Codes R. & Regs., tit. 3 §86.4(j).

2.    Purchases of Stock in Staten Island Bancorp
a.        In or about September 1997, SISB, headquartered in Staten Island, New York, mailed to its depositors a prospectus, a stock order form and other information concerning the conversion of the bank from mutual to stock ownership.  As explained in the documents sent to SISB's depositors, each depositor, in accordance with OTS regulations, received non-transferable subscription rights granting a preference in purchasing stock in the offering. 

b.      The Salzhauers and Valentini reviewed the SIB prospectus, which in at least two different places warned that OTS regulations prohibited the transfer, or an agreement or understanding to transfer, the legal or beneficial ownership of subscription rights or stock.  The Salzhauers and Valentini also reviewed subscription forms for SIB stock.  The SIB subscription form contained an acknowledgment by which the depositor certified "that this stock order is for my own account and there is no agreement or understanding regarding any further sale or transfer of my shares.  Federal regulations prohibit persons from transferring or entering into any agreement directly or indirectly to transfer the legal or beneficial ownership of conversion subscription rights or the underlying securities to the account of another person.  Staten Island Savings Bank will pursue any and all legal and equitable remedies in the event it becomes aware of the transfer of subscription rights and will not honor orders known by it to involve such transfer."

    c.       Valentini spoke to a number of SISB depositors about the offering.  Most of the depositors to whom Valentini spoke were reluctant to use their own money to purchase stock in the SISB conversion because they did not understand the stock market and feared the risks associated with it.  Therefore, Valentini looked for a way to provide SISB depositors with money to purchase stock and exercise their subscription rights.

d.     On or about October 9, 1997, Valentini and the Salzhauers met to discuss the SISB conversion and possible funding.  At this meeting, Valentini introduced himself to the Salzhauers as the accountant for several SISB depositors who wanted to borrow money in connection with the SISB public offering.  Henry Salzhauer told Valentini that the depositors should borrow funds from a bank or other sources.  Valentini told the Salzhauers what the depositors had told him, namely, that they were reluctant to use their own funds and that they feared the risks associated with the stock market. The Salzhauers then agreed to provide money to the SISB depositors to subscribe to the SIB stock offering.  

e.      During the October 9, 1997 meeting, Henry Salzhauer and Valentini wrote an agreement to be used with each depositor ("the Agreement").  The most important terms of the Agreement were:

  Henry Salzhauer or entities over which he exercised substantial control and discretion would provide money to each depositor.  The money was to be used only to subscribe to the bank's initial public offering. 

   The depositors would open custody accounts at a bank (the "Bank").  All shares purchased under the Agreement were to be registered in the borrowers' name and deposited into the custody accounts.  The depositors gave Henry Salzhauer "sole discretion" to sell the stock.

   If the stock sold for less than the amount of money provided to the depositor by Henry Salzhauer, the depositor was only liable to pay him the net proceeds of the sale.

   If the stock sold for more than the issue price, the depositor and Henry Salzhauer split the profits from the sale evenly, except the depositor was responsible to pay the interest on the money Henry Salzhauer had borrowed to provide to the depositor.

f.     The Agreement gave Henry Salzhauer a beneficial ownership interest in the SIB stock allocated to the SISB depositors who entered into the Agreement.

g.     Michael Salzhauer played an integral role in providing funds to the depositors to subscribe in the SIB offering, and carrying out the terms of the Agreement.  He determined with his father that they should enter into the Agreement with the SIB depositors and provide funds to these depositors.  He also exercised substantial control and discretion over the various entities that were providing funds to the depositors, and determined how much money each entity would provide.  He oversaw the mechanics of the transactions with the depositors. He also shared in the profits from the sale of the SIB stock with Henry Salzhauer.  

h.      Valentini was compensated by entering into a separate agreement with the SISB depositors that granted Valentini's corporation, Paradox Advisors, Inc., between ten and fifty percent of the depositors' share of the profits after satisfying the Agreement.   

i.       In or about October 1997, Valentini contacted fifteen individual and corporate depositors in Staten Island to enter into the Agreement.  Valentini met personally with each account holder, and Valentini completed a subscription agreement form for each depositor, filled in the number of shares requested based on an estimate arrived at by the Salzhauers, and then had the depositor sign the agreement.  In addition to the subscription agreements, Valentini had the depositors sign the Agreement, and a Bank custody account agreement.

j.      After obtaining signatures on these documents, Valentini took them back to the Salzhauers, who retained copies of them.  A Salzhauer employee wrote checks to SIB to pay for the number of shares being purchased in each depositor's name.  The checks were drawn on a personal account of Henry Salzhauer.  Michael Salzhauer, who had power of attorney for the account, signed the checks.  Valentini hand delivered the checks and subscription forms to SISB's conversion center. 2
k. The SIB subscription forms contained untrue statements of material fact.  Contrary to the depositors' certification that they were ordering the stock for their own account, and that there was no agreement or understanding regarding any further sale or transfer of the shares, each depositor was, in fact, purchasing stock for the account of third parties and had entered into an agreement with the Salzhauers regarding "further sale or transfer" of the SIB shares.

 l.            The Salzhauers provided more than $2,000,000 to the SISB depositors to purchase SIB stock, and these depositors received more than 219,000 shares of stock ("the SIB Stock").

m. SIB issued stock on December 22, 1997.  On that day, Henry Salzhauer instructed his broker to sell the SIB Stock.  From on or about December 22, 1997, until on or about December 31, 1997, Henry Salzhauer sold all of the SIB Stock at a profit.  The proceeds from the sale of the SIB Stock were distributed among the Salzhauers, Valentini and the SISB depositors.

n. The Salzhauers realized approximately $631,512 in profit from the sale of the SIB Stock.  

o. Valentini realized approximately $238,000 in profit from the sale of the SIB Stock. 

p.           The depositors realized approximately $578,706 in profit from the sale of the SIB Stock.

        3.    Purchases of Stock in Richmond County Financial         Corporation
a. In or about December 1997, RCSB sent its depositors information about its conversion to stock ownership.  These documents explained that each depositor, in accordance with NYBD regulations, received non-transferable subscription rights granting a preference in purchasing stock in the offering.  

b. After Valentini learned about the RCSB conversion, in or about December 1997 or January 1998, he contacted Michael Salzhauer to discuss the conversion.  After a conversation with Valentini, Michael Salzhauer contacted his father and then agreed to provide money to RCSB depositors under the same terms used for SISB.

c. In or about January 1998, Valentini contacted thirty individual and corporate RCSB account holders to purchase stock in the conversion using money provided by the Salzhauers ("the RCFC Stock").  Valentini met with the RCSB depositors and filled out the subscription forms, which the depositors signed in his presence.  Valentini also obtained the depositors' signatures on the Agreement and the Bank custody account documents.  Valentini gave the agreements to the Salzhauers and the custody account documents to the Bank.   

d. The Salzhauers and Valentini also obtained copies of the subscription forms.  Each RCFC subscription form contained an acknowledgment by which the depositor certified, that "I am purchasing solely for my own account and that there is no agreement or understanding regarding the sale or transfer of such shares or my right to subscribe to shares herewith . . . Applicable regulations prohibit any person from transferring or entering into any agreement, directly or indirectly, to transfer the legal or beneficial ownership of subscription rights or the underlying securities to the account of another.  Richmond County Savings Bank and Richmond County Financial Corp. will pursue any and all legal and equitable remedies in the event they become aware of the transfer of subscription rights and will not honor orders known by them to involve such transfer." 

e. The Salzhauers arranged for checks drawn on their accounts at the Bank to be provided to the RCSB conversion center for each depositor to pay for the RCFC Stock.  Valentini delivered each depositor's subscription form directly to the RCSB conversion center.  

f.  The subscription forms delivered to the RCSB conversion center contained untrue statements of material fact.  Contrary to the certification in the subscription form, each depositor was, in fact, purchasing stock for the account of third parties, and had entered into an agreement with the Salzhauers regarding "further sale or transfer" of the shares.

g. RCFC issued stock on or about February 18, 1998.  Henry Salzhauer instructed his broker to sell the RCFC Stock.  From on or about February 18 until on or about February 20, 1998, Henry Salzhauer sold the RCFC Stock for a profit.  The proceeds of the sale were then distributed among the Salzhauers, Valentini and the RCSB depositors. 

h. The Salzhauers realized approximately $299,959 in profit from the sale of the RCFC Stock.  

i.   Valentini realized approximately $178,000 in profit from the sale of the RCFC Stock. 

j.  The depositors realized approximately $221,339 in profit from the sale of the RCFC Stock.

    4.  Purchases of Stock in Independence Community Bank Corporation
a. In or about January 1998, ISB sent its depositors notice of its intent to convert to stock ownership in the form of a bank holding corporation called ICBC.  Once again, Valentini contacted Michael Salzhauer who agreed to provide ISB depositors money under the same agreement used for SISB and RCSB.  Valentini contacted twenty ISB depositors to enter into the Agreement.  Valentini proceeded in the same manner as he had in the two prior conversions, obtaining the ISB depositors' signatures on the Agreement, subscription forms, and the Bank custody account documents.  Valentini gave the Agreements to the Salzhauers and the custody account documents to the Bank.   The Salzhauers arranged for checks to be drawn on their bank accounts for each depositor to pay for the ICBC stock ("the ICBC Stock").  Valentini delivered each depositor's subscription forms, along with the checks, directly to the ISB conversion center.

b. The Salzhauers and Valentini obtained ICBC subscription forms.  Each subscription form contained an acknowledgment by which the depositor certified, that "I am purchasing solely for my own account and that there is no agreement or understanding regarding the sale or transfer of such shares or my right to subscribe to shares herewith . . . . Applicable regulations prohibit any person from transferring or entering into any agreement, directly or indirectly, to transfer the legal or beneficial ownership of subscription rights or the underlying securities to the account of another.  Independence Savings Bank and Independence Community Bank Corp. will pursue any and all legal and equitable remedies in the event they become aware of the transfer of subscription rights and will not honor orders known by them to involve such transfer."

c. The ICBC subscription forms contained untrue statements of material fact.  Contrary to the certification in the subscription form, each depositor was, in fact, purchasing stock for the account of a third party, and had entered into an agreement with the Salzhauers regarding "further sale or transfer" of the ICBC Stock.

d. ICBC issued stock on or about March 17, 1998.  Henry Salzhauer instructed his broker to sell the ICBC Stock.  On or about March 18, Henry Salzhauer sold the ICBC Stock at a profit.  The proceeds of the sale of the ICBC Stock were distributed among the Salzhauers, Valentini and the depositors.

e. The Salzhauers realized approximately $275,548 in profit from the sale of the ICBC Stock.  

f.  Valentini realized approximately $170,000 in profit from the sale of  the ICBC Stock. 

g. The depositors realized approximately $241,532 in profit from the sale of the ICBC Stock.

E. Legal Analysis
1.   Violations of Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act and Rule 10b-5                   thereunder
Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act and Rule 10b-5 promulgated thereunder, make it unlawful for any person, directly or indirectly to (1) employ any device, scheme, or artifice to defraud; (2) make any untrue statement of material fact or omission; or (3) engage in any act, practice, or course of business which operates or would operate as a fraud or deceit upon any person.  In an action pursuant to Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act and Rule 10b-5, the Commission must prove that the defendant acted with scienter.  Aaron v. SEC, 446 U.S. 680, 695 (1980).  Scienter has been defined as "a mental state embracing intent to deceive, manipulate or defraud."  Ernst & Ernst v. Hochfelder, 425 U.S. 185, 193 (1976).  Knowing or reckless conduct satisfies the element of scienter.  See Rolf v. Blyth, Eastman Dillon & Co., Inc., 570 F.2d 38, 44-48 (2d Cir.), cert. denied, 439 U.S. 1039 (1978); see also SEC v. U.S. Environmental, 155 F.3d 107, 111 (2d Cir. 1998).

  2. Misstatements on the Bank Stock Subscription Forms
The Salzhauers participated in a fraudulent course of conduct that involved material misrepresentations of fact in connection with the purchase and sale of securities.  As set forth above, the Salzhauers entered into the Agreements with depositors pursuant to which the Salzhauers provided depositors with funds to purchase conversion stock.  Pursuant to the Agreement, Henry Salzhauer then sold the conversion stock, and the Salzhauers split the profit from the sale of the stock with the depositors.  Depositors purchasing the conversion stock were required to sign subscription forms that were submitted to the converting bank.  Each subscription form submitted to the converting banks contained  untrue statements of material fact.  Contrary to the certification that depositors were ordering the stock for their own account, and had not entered into an agreement or understanding regarding any further sale or transfer of the shares, each depositor was, in fact, purchasing stock for the account of third parties, and had entered into the Agreement with the Salzhauers.  The Agreement transferred beneficial ownership of the conversion stock to Henry Salzhauer, and was an agreement or understanding regarding further sale or transfer of the issuing bank's shares.  Accordingly, by engaging in this course of conduct, the Salzhauers committed violations of Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act and Rule 10b-5 thereunder.

3.  Materiality
a. Under Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act, a fact is material if there is "a substantial likelihood that the disclosure of the omitted fact would be viewed by the reasonable investor as having significantly altered the `total mix' of information made available."  TSC Indus. v. Northway, Inc., 426 U.S. 438, 449 (1976) (construing Section 14(a) of the Exchange Act).  A statement is material if it "reasonably could have been expected to influence [the sellers'] decision to sell."  Affiliated Ute Citizens v. United States, 406 U.S. 128, 151-153 (1972); accord Basic Inc. v. Levinson, 485 U.S. 224, 238-240 (1988).

b. "The identity of a purchaser can be material if a reasonable investor would find it significant."  SEC v. Jakubowski, 1997 U.S. Dist. LEXIS 4000, *23 (N.D. Ill), aff'd 150 F.3d 675 (7th Cir. 1998), cert. denied, 525 U.S. 1103 (1999).  Federal and state banking regulations restricted the sale of the conversion stock to qualified account holders.  Each subscription form contained a certification that the applicant was purchasing the stock for his own account, and that he had not entered into an agreement or understanding regarding further sale or transfer of his shares, and a warning that the banks would not honor orders from unqualified persons and would pursue legal remedies against those found to have transferred their rights.  Had the banks known about the Agreement with the Salzhauers, the banks would not have sold the stock because to have done so would have, among other things, violated the prohibition against transferring subscription rights contained in OTS regulation § 563b.3(i) and NYBD regulations §§ 86.4(j) and 86.4k(1), and constituted an agreement or understanding regarding further sale or transfer of the issuing bank's shares.  The subscription forms thus "made the identity of the purchaser a sine qua non of these transactions."  Jakubowski, 150 F.3d at 681.  Moreover, selling stock to the Salzhauers deprived qualified account holders of the opportunity to buy shares.

4.  In Connection With
Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act and Rule 10b-5 make it unlawful to use a deceptive device or make a misstatement of material fact "in connection with" the purchase or sale of a security.  A deception occurs "in connection with" the sale of a security when it "touches" the sale.  Superintendent of Insurance v. Bankers Life and Casualty Co., 404 U.S. 6, 30 (1971).  Here, the fraudulent course of conduct involved material misrepresentations directly to the issuer of the securities to induce the issuer to sell the stock.  As noted by the Seventh Circuit in Jakubowski, "[t]he offer was accepted and the shares issued.  How could there be a closer `connection' between statements and `the purchase or sale of any security'?"  150 F.3d at 679.   Accordingly, the misrepresentations that the account holders were purchasing the stock for their own account, and that there were no agreements to transfer subscription rights or the stock, directly induced the sale of the securities by the banks, and were therefore in connection with the purchase or sale of a security. 

5.  The Respondents' Scienter
The Salzhauers acted knowingly or recklessly with regard to the bank conversions.  The Salzhauers knew that stock subscription rights in a mutual bank conversion were not transferable, and they knew that depositors seeking to exercise those rights must sign subscription forms.  Knowing this, the Salzhauers still engaged in a fraudulent course of conduct that involved making material misstatements of fact to the banks.  

IV.
In view of the foregoing, the Commission deems it appropriate to accept the Offers of Settlement submitted by the Respondents and to impose the sanctions specified in the Offers of Settlement.

  Accordingly, IT IS HEREBY ORDERED that:

A. Effective immediately, pursuant to Section 21C of the Exchange Act, Henry Salzhauer and Michael Salzhauer cease and desist from committing or causing any violation and any future violation of Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act and Rule 10b-5 promulgated thereunder.

                B. Henry and Michael Salzhauer shall within thirty (30) days of the date of this Order jointly and severally disgorge $1,207,019, and prejudgment interest of $312,425.  Payment shall be: (i) made by United States postal money order, certified check, bank cashier's check or bank money order; (ii) made payable to the "United States Securities and Exchange Commission;"  (iii) hand-delivered or mailed to the Comptroller, Securities and Exchange Commission, Operations Center, 6432 General Green Way, Stop 0-3, Alexandria, VA 22312; and (iv) submitted under cover letter that identifies the name and number of this administrative proceeding and the Respondent, and specifying that the payment is disgorgement and prejudgment interest.  A copy of the cover letter and payment shall be simultaneously transmitted to Kay L. Lackey, Assistant Regional Director, Securities and Exchange Commission, 233 Broadway, New York, New York 10279.

                By the Commission.

              Jonathan G. Katz
              Secretary   



Footnotes

1  The findings herein are not binding on anyone other than Henry Salzhauer and Michael Salzhauer.

2  In or about December 1997, SISB sent its depositors a prospectus supplement stating that the issuing price of the bank's stock had been revalued to twelve dollars a share.  The bank gave depositors the option of maintaining the original dollar investment, increasing the original dollar investment, or canceling the order.  Valentini went to each depositor with a new Agreement and subscription form to enable the depositors to increase their stock order by 20 percent.  



http://www.sec.gov/litigation/admin/34-45005.htm




Home | Previous Page
Modified: 10/31/2001










HENRY SALZHAUER













+852 81912766

+86-28-86289170



Live Chat

Subscribe









HOME
PRODUCTS
ABOUT US
CONTACT US
























HENRY SALZHAUER



Sign In 

Register 


This is a trade record of importer  HENRY SALZHAUER  and exporter  SKY AND OCEAN CARGO EXPRESS CO., LTD.  , including the detailed information of shipping, product description, quantity, etc.
View complete data of  HENRY SALZHAUER    








North America Import Data







Importer: 


HENRY SALZHAUER


C/O 589


BROADWAY NY 10012


USA




Exporter: 


SKY AND OCEAN CARGO EXPRESS CO., LTD.


179 M.7 T.NONGKAEW A.HANGDONG


CHIANGMAI 50320


THAILAND









 Notify: 


ORDER
















 Shipping Info: 




Carrier:
MOL


Carrier in Short:
MOLU


Vessel:
PRESIDENT POLK


Voyage:
200W


Bill of lading No:
GBLIGLSNYC188921


Ship Route:



HS Code:
442190,


Estimated Price:
108.7




Country of Origin:
THAILAND


Customs Clearance:
East Coast


Port of Destination:
1001 NEW YORK


Port of Departure:
55976 SINGAPORE


Country of Destination:
NEW YORK


Country of Departure:



Transport Mode:
10


Date of Arrival:
2008-02-15







 Description: 




Product short Description:
WOODENWARE


Product Detailed Description:
WOODEN WARE   4420.100.006/KGM  INV.NO.SKHS 0 01/2008  DD:JAN8,2008


Marks:
HENRY SALZHAUER  NEW YORK,U.S.A.  MADE IN THA	ILAND  




 


 






















Content









RELATION LINKS:

HS CODE AND TARIFF, 
  CHINA IMPORT DATA, 
  CHINA EXPORT DATA, 
  CHINA TRADE REPORTS
Home, 
	  Products, 
	  About Us, 
	  Contact Us









Security Check Required




FacebookJoin or Log Into Facebook   Email or PhonePasswordForgot account?Log InDo you want to join Facebook?Sign UpSign UpSecurity CheckPlease enter the text belowCan't read the text above?Try another text or an audio captchaText in the box:What's this?Security CheckThis is a standard security test that we use to prevent spammers from creating fake accounts and spamming users.SubmitEnglish (US)EspañolFrançais (France)中文(简体)العربيةPortuguês (Brasil)Italiano한국어Deutschहिन्दी日本語MessengerFacebook LitePeoplePlacesGamesLocationsCelebritiesMarketplaceGroupsRecipesMomentsInstagramAboutCreate AdCreate PageDevelopersCareersPrivacyCookiesAd ChoicesTermsSettingsActivity Log Facebook © 2017




Vito Valentini, Henry Salzhauer and Michael Salzhauer: Lit. Rel. No. 17215 / October 31, 2001















Home | Previous Page





























SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
Litigation Release No. 17215 / October 31, 2001

SEC CHARGES HENRY SALZHAUER, MICHAEL SALZHAUER AND VITO VALENTINI WITH FRAUD IN CONNECTION WITH  BANK CONVERSIONS

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION v. VITO VALENTINI, 01 Civ.7295 (NG) (E.D.N.Y.)

IN THE MATTER OF HENRY SALZHAUER AND MICHAEL SALZHAUER, Administrative Proceeding File No. 3-10629

The Securities and Exchange Commission announced today that it filed an injunctive action against Vito Valentini, alleging that Valentini violated Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Rule 10b-5.  In a related administrative action, the Commission ordered Henry Salzhauer and Michael Salzhauer to cease and desist from violating Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Rule 10b-5.  

The injunctive action alleged that Vito Valentini participated in a course of conduct that defrauded Staten Island Savings Bank ("SISB"), Richmond County Savings Bank ("RCSB"), Independence Savings Bank ("ISB"), and these banks' depositors, in connection with the purchase of stock that was issued when these banks converted from mutually-owned institutions to publicly-traded corporations between October 1997 and March 1998.  In the related cease and desist proceeding, the cease and desist order found that Henry Salzhauer and Michael Salzhauer orchestrated the course of conduct that defrauded SISB, RCSB and ISB and the banks' depositors. Henry and Michael Salzhauer consented to the entry of the cease and desist orders, and agreed to disgorge $1,207,019, and pay prejudgment interest of $312,425, without admitting or denying the Commission's findings

The injunctive action, which was filed in the federal district court for the Eastern District of New York, named Vito Valentini, age 42, who resides in Ridgefield, New Jersey, as a defendant.

The Commission's cease and desist order named the following respondents:

 * Henry Salzhauer, age 65, resides in Sands Point, New York.  Henry Salzhauer controls his family's real estate and investment businesses, including a hedge fund, the assets of which are invested almost exclusively in bank stocks.  

  * Michael Salzhauer, age 38, resides in New York, New York.  Michael Salzhauer is Henry Salzhauer's son and he works along with his father managing the family's real estate and securities investments.

The injunctive action alleged, and the Order found, the following facts.   Under applicable federal and state banking regulations, when a savings bank converts from a mutually-owned to a stock-owned financial institution, depositors have a priority "subscription" right to purchase the bank's stock before the bank sells the stock to the general public.  To ensure that only depositors benefit from their priority stock subscription rights, federal and state regulations prohibit depositors from transferring ownership of those rights, or of the stock itself, prior to completion of the conversion.  Typically, the price of the stock that a bank offers when the bank converts to stock ownership rises significantly after conversion, thus affording depositors the opportunity to obtain a significant profit on resale of their stock after conversion.  

SISB (which maintained its headquarters in Staten Island), RCSB (which had branches in Brooklyn and Staten Island), and ISB (which had branches throughout the New York metropolitan area), were mutually owned institutions that converted to stock- ownership between October 1997 and March 1998.  The Salzhauers and Vito Valentini learned about these conversions, and they were well aware of the profit opportunity associated with the SISB, RCSB and ISB depositors' subscription rights.  The Salzhauers and Valentini also knew that only the depositors lawfully could exercise those subscription rights.  Despite this knowledge, to attempt both to profit from the depositors' subscription rights and to avoid the legal bar on transferring those rights, the Salzhauers and Valentini devised and executed a course of conduct to defraud the converting banks.  Valentini located approximately 15 SISB depositors, 30 RCSB depositors and 20 ISB depositors willing to execute written agreements with the Salzhauers under which (1) the Salzhauers provided the funds to purchase the banks' conversion stock; (2) the depositors transferred their stock to a Salzhauer "custodial" account; (3) Henry Salzhauer then had sole discretion to sell the stock; (4) to the extent that the proceeds from the stock sales were not sufficient to cover the Salzhauers' purchase cost, the Salzhauers agreed to look only to the value of the stock for their "repayment"; (5) the Salzhauers  received the proceeds of the stock sales up to the amount of the original purchase cost (plus an "interest" charge); (6) the Salzhauers also received 50% of any proceeds of the sales above the original purchase cost (i.e., 50% of the profit); and (7) the depositors received the remainder of the sale proceeds.  

As the Salzhauers and Valentini knew, converting banks required the depositors to sign subscription agreements that contained a written certification that the depositors were purchasing the banks' conversion stock "for their own account" and that the depositors had entered into "no agreement or understanding regarding the sale or transfer of" their shares.  The certifications that the SISB, RCSB and ISB depositors signed were false.  In fact, the depositors were not purchasing the stock solely for their own account, and they had entered into the agreement with the Salzhauers described above.  

After SISB's, RCSB's and ISB's conversion stock was issued to the depositors, Henry Salzhauer sold the stock at a significant profit, which he and Michael Salzhauer split evenly with the depositors.  Each depositor, in turn, paid between 10 and 50 percent of their profit to Valentini, pursuant to separate written agreements between the depositors and Valentini.  The Salzhauers obtained approximately $1,207,019 in illicit profits from the SISB, RCSB, and ISB transactions.  Valentini also obtained illicit profits from these transactions.

  The Commission found that Henry Salzhauer and Michael Salzhauer violated Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Rule 10b-5.  The Commission entered cease and desist orders against them, and ordered them to pay $1,207,019 in disgorgement, and $312,425 in prejudgment interest.  

  In the injunctive action against Valentini, the Commission is seeking a permanent injunction, disgorgement and civil penalties.



http://www.sec.gov/litigation/litreleases/lr17215.htm




Home | Previous Page
Modified: 10/31/2001









Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Henry Salzhauer: Executive Profile & Biography - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 1:43 PM ET
Food Products

Company Overview of Chock Full o'Nuts Corporation



SnapshotPeople 




OverviewBoard MembersCommittees



Executive Profile
Henry   Salzhauer  Director, Chock Full o'Nuts CorporationAgeTotal Calculated CompensationThis person is connected to 1 Board Members in 1 different organizations across 1 different industries.See Board Relationships82--
Background

		Mr. Henry Salzhauer has been a Director of Chock Full o'Nuts Corporation since July, 1992. Mr. Salzhauer is a Vice President of Benjamin Partners Inc. ('BPI'), an investment firm. Prior to December 1993, he was a Vice President of Benjamin Electrical Engineering Works, Inc. ('BEEW'), an electrical contracting company (a position he had held for more than five years). In November 1993, BEEW sold its electrical contracting assets, including its name, to another electrical ... contractor, and changed its name to BPI.Read Full Background




Corporate Headquarters
370 Lexington AvenueNew York, New York 10017United StatesPhone: 212-532-0300Fax: 212-532-2606
Board Members Memberships
1992-PresentDirectorChock Full o'Nuts Corporation
Education
				There is no Education data available.
				Other Affiliations
				There is no Company Affiliations data available.
			

Annual Compensation
				There is no Annual Compensation data available.
				Stocks Options
				There is no Stock Options data available.
				Total Compensation
				There is no Total Compensation data available.
			



Request Profile Update
















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



COMPETITOR COMPENSATIONThere is no Competitor Compensation data available.










Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Chock Full o'Nuts Corporation, please visit .  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close






























Henry E Salzhauer, 81  - Port Washington, NY | MyLife.com™ Background Profile



































Search for your public page


First Name



Last Name



City





Search


*All fields are required
Already a member? Log in


















About & Contact Info






                    Photos && Social Posts






Reviews & Ratings





Court & ArrestRecords





Friends & Family












 HS


View Photos



 Edit/Remove

Henry Salzhauer
 Port Washington, NY
 Age: 81 -
								11/18/1935






AKA:
                                                Henry E Salzhauer, Henry Zalzhauer, Ben Salzhauer













Work Info








                                    Single






Unavailable







                                    Republican Party









Education Info





  Edit/Remove My Info

View Full Contact Info
- OR -
View Full Background Details







Reputation Score:
4.00/5




4.00

							        	
													(1 Review)
												






                                        Rate:
                                        
                                            Henry










Improve my Rating
                                                |  
                                                 Ask others to Rate




Ranking: 
Compared to U.S. Population




BAD
POOR
FAIR
GOOD











  Edit/Remove My Info
Contact Info







View Phone Number









View Email Address, 
                                    
                                         |  Send message











1*** **** Ln


Port Washington, NY 11050







View Full Contact Details
- OR -
View Full Background Details








 + {{bingImagesInit.images.length - 4}} more
 + {{bingImagesInit.images.length - 3}} more



Summary:
                    
Summary:  

currently lives in  



Port Washington
, NY.


            Before that,  lived in
            



Sands Point
, NY.
         is related to
                Elisabeth Axel.
        















About & Contact Information


Henry's Story




Summary:  

currently lives in  



Port Washington
, NY.


            Before that,  lived in
            



Sands Point
, NY.
         is related to
                Elisabeth Axel.
        




Contact Information





                            This section includes information on Addresses, Phone Numbers, and Email Addresses
                        




                                                Recent Address
                                            
1*** **** Ln
Port Washington, NY
View Address


Past Address
Hi*** **** Ln




Sands Point
, NY
View Address


Past Address
58*** **** 4




New York
, NY
View Address


Past Address
58*** **** Broadway




New York
, NY
View Address







    Henry may have hidden Social Profiles & Photos - Check Full Background Report to see Henry's social media activity. This may contain online profiles, dating websites, forgotten social media accounts, and other potentially embarrassing profiles. This may also contain additional contact information, giving you more ways to get in touch.
                




View Full Phone, Email & Address Details





Work History





    Henry may have Work information - Check Full Background Report to see possible job history including what current and previous jobs, companies they may have been employed at, job titles, duration of employment,  and a list of their co-workers.
                

                View Full Background Details
            





School History




    Henry may have Education Information - Check Full Background Report to see possible education history including where and when they attending high school and college, and a complete list of their high school class list.
                

                View Full Background Details
            





Properties




    Henry may have Properties - Check Full Background Report to see a complete list of known properties. This may contain information such as address, market value, purchase price,  and loan amount.


                View Full Background Details
            





Corporate Affiliations




    Henry may have Corporate Affiliations - Check Full Background Report to see a complete list of known corporate affiliations. This may contain information such as company name, job title, address, and time period of service.


                View Full Background Details
            





Licenses and Permits




    Henry may have Licenses & Permits - Check Full Background Report to see weapons permits, Federal Aviation Administration pilot licenses and Drug Enforcement Administration licenses for prescribing controlled pharmaceuticals. If applicable, you will also see Henry's license number and expiration date.
                

                View Full Background Details
            






Photos & Social Posts


Photos









ViewPhotos





    Henry may have Photos - Check Full Background Report to see possible pictures and photo albums found from social and public sources.
                

                View Full Background Details
            







Social Posts





View Social Posts



    We did not find any Social Posts records after searching multiple government records, social and public sources. As part of your premium service, we will continue to search and notify you when we find new information.



    Henry may have hidden Social Profiles & Photos - Check Full Background Report to see Henry's social media activity. This may contain online profiles, dating websites, forgotten social media accounts, and other potentially embarrassing profiles. This may also contain additional contact information, giving you more ways to get in touch.
                





Reviews & Ratings





Henry Salzhauer's Reputation Score:
4.00/5



4.00

						        	
                                            (1 Review)
                                        







                                    Rate:
                                    
                                        Henry










Improve my Rating
                                            |  
                                             Ask others to Rate
                                            |  
                                            Write a Review




Ranking:  Compared to U.S. Population




BAD
POOR
FAIR
GOOD

















Jeffrey Tinsley, CEO & Founder of Mylife.com

Personal Review









Reply










×
Showing balanced reviews improves the credibility of your positive reviews, so consider keeping them.Are you sure you want to delete this comment?
Yes
No








×
Your request has been sent.
Close









        Court & Arrest Records
        
            
            
                
            
        
    


Arrest and Criminal Records




    Henry may have Arrest and Criminal Records - Check Full Background Report to see possible arrest or conviction records we have found on Henry. This may include any DUIs, traffic tickets and outstanding warrants. When applicable, we may show where the crime occurred and provide details about the offense.


                View Full Background Details
            





Sex Offender Status




    Henry may have Sexual Offenses - Check Full Background Report to see a complete list of any and all sex offenses Henry may have been convicted of and his current sex offender status if applicable.
                

                View Full Background Details
            





Lawsuits, Liens & Bankruptcies




    Henry may have Lawsuits, Liens & Bankruptcies - Check Full Background Report to see local, state and federal court documents, sensitive legal information and any litigation that Henry may have been involved in.  We'll reveal arrest details like case numbers, offense descriptions, and booking dates, where available.
                

                View Full Background Details
            







Family & Friends


Relatives/Associates






 EA

Elisabeth Axel

                                            New York, NY



 SS

Susan Salzhauer

                                            Port Washington, NY




                                    View More Relatives
                                





Classmates




    Henry may have a record of associated Classmates - Check Full Background Report to see possible who they are and full classlists  found from school records and public sources.
                

                View Full Background Details
            





Neighborhood Information | Information based on current address








Age








Education Level










Household Income








Estimated Home Values










Top Buying Habits








Top Interests & Hobbies



















A Full Background Report Includes



Find Background Profiles & Reputation Scores for Everyone in the U.S.



                            MyLife searches government, social & public sources to pull together all details in one place
                        




                            Contact details include addresses, email, phone numbers, photos & social profiles and more
                        




                            Background checks include arrest & court records, education & work history, personal reviews and more to asses anyone's reputation
                        



Only MyLife Helps You Improve Your Background Report & Reputation Score



                            Edit & correct your own Background Report to look your best to employers, clients, friends, dates & others searching for you on Google.
                        




                            Ask friends, family, employers & clients to review you to improve your public Reputation Score.
                        




                            Remove your information from sites you can't control to protect your privacy
                        



See What MyLife Customers Are Saying

                        "When considering new tenants, you should always
                        check and verify their background to feel secure
                        & protected. MyLife makes it easy"
                    


- Ron W.




 







Back to Top




















×
Send Message


Message sent
An error has occurred, please try again later...


How do you know this person?

Please select (used to notify recipient)
Unknown
College
High School
Junior High School
Grade School
Met on MyLife.com
Is My Friend
Related to Me
Mutual Friend
Work
Club or Organization
Religion Affiliation
Not Sure
Don't Know Them
Found You Through a Dating Service
Found Your Service



Subject



Message




 Add/Track Contact
							







SEND NOW

















×


					Your message has been sent.
				











×
Help Henry build his reputation & public image 
Thank you for rating Henry Salzhauer
Please provide additional details to give people more insight into Henry's reputation. 



Sorry! We were unable to submit your review


                                        Please select at least one quality
                                    




Does Henry have these qualities?
Deselect all







Personal
Professional
Dating





 Smart
 Loyal
 Honest
 Good listener
 Humble
 Generous
 Fun
 Easy going
 Optimistic
 Kind
I would NOT be friends with Henry
 I would be friends

Is there anything you want to say about  on a personal level?
  (Optional)




 Responsible
 Hardworking
 Intelligent
 Collaborative
 Creative
 Resourceful
 Motivated
 Flexible
 Ambitious
 Articulate
I would NOT work with Henry

Is there anything you want to say about  on a professional level?
  (Optional)




 Faithful
 Respectful
 Understanding
 Funny
 Romantic
 Sexy
 Smart
 Passionate
 Good looking
 Good listener
 I would NOT date Henry

Is there anything you want to say about  concerning dating?
  (Optional)




You are responsible for your submissions, which must be true, lawful and not violate any person's rights. You agree to our User Agreement.







How do you know Henry?*

Friends
                                          Friend
Professional
Dating
Family Member
Neighbor
School
Club or Organization
Religious
Myself
Not Sure
Don't Know Them
Other







    Post anonymously
?






















































POST REVIEW








×

                        
                                Two Ways to Improve your Score
                            




Correct and Edit your extended background details
Correct & Edit


Ask Family & Friends  for positive reviews
  Send an Email
Share on Facebook










×





























×





Search to Find Background Reports & Publicly Exposed Personal Details on Anyone including Yourself.
Are You Henry Salzhauer?


YES
See & control your exposed background info
See, Monitor & Enhance Your Background Report that People are Viewing.


NO
See public background info on  Henry 
See Background Report to Learn  the Truth about Henry .











×





Thank you. We received your vote.











×






GET AN ADDITIONAL PREMIUM REPORT ON Henry Salzhauer
Premium data contains highly sensitive  info such as:

Arrest Records
Wealth & Assets
Lawsuits & Liens
Licenses & Permits
Sexual Offenses
Corp. Affiliations




                            In order to access the sensitive info on a Premium Report today, an additional fee is required. Remember, you do not need to purchase a Premium Report to access the info that is available in Standard Reports.
                        
BUY PREMIUM REPORT FOR  
No, thank you




THANK YOU FOR YOUR PURCHASE
Your Premium Report is now Ready
CLICK HERE TO SEE REPORT




There is a problem authorizing your charge on this card. Please try your card again or try another card.























Credit Card No.






Expiry Date

MM
01
02
03
04
05
06
07
08
09
10
11
12


Year

                                                        2017

                                                        2018

                                                        2019

                                                        2020

                                                        2021

                                                        2022

                                                        2023

                                                        2024

                                                        2025

                                                        2026

                                                        2027

                                                        2028

                                                        2029

                                                        2030

                                                        2031

                                                        2032

                                                        2033




CVC 









BUY PREMIUM REPORT FOR  
















×
You now have access to view Henry Salzhauer's Premium Background Report.

The information in this report is gathered from Government, Social & Public Records gathered from across the web.

                                    Access Henry's Premium Background Report
                                    









×
MyLife Protects & Builds Your Reputation


MyLife gathers up-to-date Government, Social & Public Records so you know what's public everywhere online and help you build your reputation for employers, friends and others that search for you here and on Google.
We recommended you:

Edit & Correct Your Background Report
Complete Your Profile Providing Positive Details
Ask Friends for Positive Reviews
See Who's Checking Your Background
Remove Unwanted Records You Can't Control










×
Review posted! Register to get reply alerts



New to MyLife? Register today for FREE.

Already a member?  Log in







































Name




Email

We respect your privacy


Message


Register to send your email

Gender

                                I am
                                Male
Female



Birthday


MM
01
02
03
04
05
06
07
08
09
10
11
12




DD




YYYY


Must be 13 years or older to join


ZIP Code



Password



Confirm Password




FIND MY PAGE

By clicking on the button above, you agree to our User Agreement & Privacy Policy




See & Monitor All Background Info That's Public On AnyoneWe'll show you all background information, personal reviews and other details from government records and proprietary sources across the web, plus alert you to changes.
Edit and Add-To Your Background Info, Personal Reviews and Social PostsControl your public details to look good to employers, clients, friends and anyone who finds you online.
Send Messages To Get In Touch With AnyoneGet complete contact info on anyone. Send unlimited messages to make valuable professional and personal contacts.












×





Sign up for FREE. See detailed background info for Henry Salzhauer











































                                        Already a member? Log in

























VIEW FULL DETAILS




                                       By clicking on the button above, you agree to our User Agreement &  Privacy Policy




*Must be 13 years or older to join






Monitor Your Personal Info & Background Report that's Public Make sure it's accurate.
Edit Your Background Info & Personal ReviewsViewed by employers, clients, friends, or anyone
See Who's Searching for You ® Employers, friends, lovers, stalkers and others are looking for you.
Remove Private Information that's Exposed Stop sites from selling your private details online.
Send Message to Anyone Get complete contact info on anyone, make valuable professional and personal contacts.


Send Message to Anyone Get complete contact info on anyone, make valuable professional and personal contacts.
Monitor Your Personal Info & Background Report that's Public Make sure it's accurate.
Edit Your Background Info & Personal ReviewsViewed by employers, clients, friends, or anyone
See Who's Searching for You ® Employers, friends, lovers, stalkers and others are looking for you.
Remove Private Information that's Exposed Stop sites from selling your private details online.












ï¿½
Send a message to  Henry



Compose your message





































Your name




From



Message




SEND YOUR MESSAGE

By clicking on the button above, you agree to our User Agreement & Privacy Policy









×





Sign up for FREE. See detailed background info for Henry Salzhauer











































                                        Already a member? Log in

























VIEW FULL DETAILS




                                       By clicking on the button above, you agree to our User Agreement &  Privacy Policy




*Must be 13 years or older to join






Monitor Your Personal Info & Background Report that's Public Make sure it's accurate.
Edit Your Background Info & Personal ReviewsViewed by employers, clients, friends, or anyone
See Who's Searching for You ® Employers, friends, lovers, stalkers and others are looking for you.
Remove Private Information that's Exposed Stop sites from selling your private details online.
Send Message to Anyone Get complete contact info on anyone, make valuable professional and personal contacts.


Send Message to Anyone Get complete contact info on anyone, make valuable professional and personal contacts.
Monitor Your Personal Info & Background Report that's Public Make sure it's accurate.
Edit Your Background Info & Personal ReviewsViewed by employers, clients, friends, or anyone
See Who's Searching for You ® Employers, friends, lovers, stalkers and others are looking for you.
Remove Private Information that's Exposed Stop sites from selling your private details online.












Find Anyone:

Find Anyone:
A|
B|
C|
D|
E|
F|
G|
H|
I|
J|
K|
L|
M|
N|
O|
P|
Q|
R|
S|
T|
U|
V|
W|
X|
Y|
Z







COMPANY
About Us
Testimonials
Press
Careers
Contact Us
Blog
FAQs




SERVICES
Monitor Your Identity
Remove Your Public Profiles
Background Check
See Who's Searching for You
Connect with Friends & Find People
Manage Your Membership




DIRECTORIES
People Search




Visit us on:












                Copyright © Fri Jul 28 10:43:34 PDT 2017 MyLife.com®, Inc. |
User Agreement |
Privacy Policy
U.S. Patent No. 6,701,348 and 6,694,353








	            * The other websites referenced on this site are owned and operated by their respective companies, and the associated trademarks and logos are the property of those companies. Links are provided for reference only and MyLife.com® does not imply any connection or relationship between MyLife.com® and these companies.
	        



 












SEC Info - Salzhauer Michael, et al. - ‘SC 13D’ on 4/9/98 re: Leading Brands Inc - EX-99.A










SEC Info uses JavaScript!  To view pages properly, enable JavaScript in your browser.


    SEC Info      Home      Search      My Interests      Help      Sign In      Please Sign In




Salzhauer Michael, et al. – ‘SC 13D’ on 4/9/98 re: Leading Brands Inc – EX-99.AAs of:  Thursday, 4/9/98   ·   Accession #:  950123-98-3654   ·   File #:  5-46937   ·   Correction:  This Filing’s “Filed as of” Date was Corrected and “Changed as of” 4/14/98 by the SEC on 4/14/98. ®
Previous ‘SC 13D’:  None   ·   Next & Latest:  ‘SC 13D’ on 2/15/07



  in 
this entire Filing.
an "Entity" Search.
  Show 
Docs searched
 and 
every "hit".
the 1st "hit".

Help... Wildcards:  ? (any letter),  * (many).  Logic:  for Docs:  & (and),  | (or);  for Text:  | (anywhere),  "(&)" (near).    ↓Bottom
 
T-->  As Of                Filer                Filing    For·On·As Docs:Size              Issuer               Agent

 4/09/98  Salzhauer Michael                 SC 13D®                4:90K  Leading Brands Inc                RR Donnelley/FA
          Amanda Salzhauer
          Amy L Salzhauer
          Anne S Angowitz
          Benjamin Partners
          Benjamin Partners Inc
          BHC Company
          Charles Salzhauer
          CHH Realty Defined Benefit Pension Plan
          Combined Partnership #1
          Cynthia Salzhauer
          Elisabeth S Axel
          Helen S Weinstein
          Henry Salzhauer
          Linda S Swenberg
          Michael C Salzhauer Ltd Defined Benefit Plan
          Salzhauer Michael
          Steven Roth
          Stuart J Angowitz
          Susan SalzhauerF-->General Statement of Beneficial Ownership   —   Schedule 13DFiling Table of Contents
Document/Exhibit                   Description                      Pages   Size 

 1: SC 13D      General Statement of Beneficial Ownership             34    121K 
 2: EX-99.A     List of Filing Persons and Information Required        2±    13K 
 3: EX-99.B     Joint Filing Agreement                                 2     12K 
 4: EX-99.C     Powers of Attorney                                     9     33K 

D-->EX-99.A   —   List of Filing Persons and Information Required
P-->EX-99.ATOC↑TopPreviousNext↓BottomJust 1st 
                                                                 Exhibit A

            Residence or             Principal     Number     Purchase
Name             Business Address         Occupation   of Shares    Price       
----             ----------------         ----------   ---------   --------     

Steven Roth      Park 80 West, Plaza 2    Executive      60,000    $159,687.50  
Saddlebrook, NJ 07663                         

Charles          589 Broadway             Executive       7,600    $ 18,762.50  
Salzhauer        New York, NY 10012                                             

Cynthia          589 Broadway             Housewife         760    $  1,852.50  
Salzhauer        New York, NY 10012                                             

Amy L.           Hilldale Lane            Student            --          --     
Salzhauer        Sands Point, NY                                                

Anne Angowitz    361 Quaker Road          Executive       3,500*   $  9,625.00  
Chappaqua, NY 10514                           

Stuart J.        361 Quaker Road          Attorney        3,500*   $  9,625.00  
Angowitz         Chappaqua, NY 10514                                            

Helen            8 Vanad Drive            Housewife          --          --     
Weinstein        Roslyn, NY 11576                                               

Elisabeth Axel   285 Riverside Drive      Teacher            --          --     
New York, NY 10025                            

Linda Swenberg   16443 Shady View Lane    Housewife          --          --     
Los Gatos, CA 95032                           

Michael          50 East 79th Street      Executive      42,040++  $ 94,328.92  
Salzhauer        New York, NY 10021                                             

Amanda           50 East 79th Street      Student        24,800++  $ 56,725.00  
Salzhauer        New York, NY 10021                                             

Henry            Hilldale Lane            Executive       7,600    $ 18,762.50  
Salzhauer        Sands Point, NY 11050                                          

Susan            Hilldale Lane            Housewife         850    $  2,071.88  
Salzhauer        Sands Point, NY 11050                                          

            Residence or             Principal     Number     Purchase
Name             Business Address         Occupation   of Shares    Price       
----             ----------------         ----------   ---------   --------     

Benjamin            See Item 2                --          2,500    $  6,093.75  
Partners Inc.                                                                   

Benjamin            See Item 2                --        148,700    $356,546.25  
Partners                                                                        

BHC Company         See Item 2                --          9,000    $ 22,062.50  

CHH Realty          See Item 2                --          3,500    $  6,946.38  
Defined Benefit                                                                 
Pension Plan                                                                    

Combined            See Item 2                --         80,000    $181,937.50  
Partnership #1                                                                  

Michael C.          See Item 2                --          1,950    $  4,818.75  
Salzhauer Ltd.                                                                  
Defined Benefit                                                                 
Plan                                                                            

Henry and Charles Salzhauer are brothers. Henry Salzhauer and Susan 
Salzhauer are husband and wife. Amy Salzhauer, Elisabeth Axel and Michael       
Salzhauer are their children. Amanda Salzhauer is the wife of Michael Salzhauer 
and the daughter of Steven Roth. Charles and Cynthia Salzhauer are husband and  
wife. Anne Angowitz, Helen Weinstein, and Linda Swenberg are their children.    
Stuart Angowitz is the husband of Anne Angowitz.                                

* Anne Angowitz and Stuart Angowitz purchased 3,500 shares jointly.           
++ Includes 24,000 shares that Michael Salzhauer and Amanda Salzhauer purchased 
jointly for a purchase price of $54,750.00.                               

↑TopFiling Submission 0000950123-98-003654   –   Alternative Formats (Word / Rich Text, HTML, Plain Text, et al.)
Copyright © 2017 Fran Finnegan & Company.  All Rights Reserved.About – Privacy – Redactions – Help —
Fri, 28 Jul 17:43:34.0 GMT 



Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft















Henry Salzhauer in New York, NY (Import & export history)
































 












Plans




Limited




Plus




Premium








            LimitedMonitor Your Competitors



Data

Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 3 months for all companies
You'll have access to data from the previous 6-months from the date of your search. We use a rolling date range, so you can always look back 6 months from the current date.




            LimitedMonitor Your Competitors



Data

Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 3 months for all companies
Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 3 months for all companies
You'll have access to data from the previous 3-months from the date of your search. We use a rolling date range, so you can always look back 3-months from the current date.




            PlusSmall & Medium Business



Data

Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 12 months for all companies
You'll have access to data from the previous 12-months from the date of your search. We use a rolling date range, so you can always look back 12-months from the current date.
U.S. ocean freight exports from January 1, 2014 to present for all companies




            Premium            Empire Builder



Data

Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from November 2006 to the present for all companies
You'll have access to our entire database of shipping manifests of U.S. Ocean freight imports going back to November 2006.
U.S. ocean freight exports from January 1, 2014 to present for all companies





            LimitedMonitor Your Competitors



Usage

Track the shipping activities of your 3 chosen companies
Our Limited Plan lets you monitor the shipping activities of any three companies across all our databases. Be the first to know when your target company clears a shipment through customs in one of the countries we track.
3 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Our team of account managers and research assistants will help you find contact information for up to 3 companies in our database each month.
Download (CSV and XLS) 5k Records Per Month
If you're planning to do more in-depth research on the companies in our database, you should upgrade to the Plus or Premium plans, which allow more downloads.
Email Alerts for up to 3 Searches
If you need to track more than 3 companies, product segments, or trade lanes, you should upgrade to the Plus or Premium plan, which allow more email alerts.




            LimitedMonitor Your Competitors



Usage

10 Company Searches Per Day
10 searches per day may be enough if you are just monitoring a few competitors or researching suppliers in a single industry. If you're looking to connect with sales leads or do more in-depth research, you should upgrade to the Plus or Premium plan which allows more searches.
3 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Our team of account managers and research assistants will help you find contact information for up to 3 companies in our database each month.
Download (CSV and XLS) 1k Records Per Month
If you're planning to do more in-depth research on the companies in our database, you should upgrade to the Plus or Premium plan, which allow more downloads.
Email Alerts for up to 3 Company Searches
If you need to track more than 3 companies, product segments, or trade lanes, you should upgrade to the Plus or Premium plan, which allow more email alerts.




            Plus            Small & Medium Business



Usage

25 Searches Per Day
25 searches per day may be enough if you are just monitoring a few competitors or researching suppliers in a single industry. If you're looking to connect with sales leads or do more in-depth research, you should upgrade to the Premium plan which allows more searches.
25 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Our team of account managers and research assistants will help you find contact information for up to 25 companies in our database each month.
Download (CSV and XLS) 10k Records Per Month
If you're planning to do more in-depth research on the companies in our database, you should upgrade to the Premium plan, which allow more downloads.
Email Alerts for up to 5 Searches
If you need to track more than 5 companies, product segments, or trade lanes, you should upgrade to the Premium plan, which allow more email alerts.




            Premium            Empire Builder



Usage

50 Searches Per Day
 
50 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Our team of account managers and research assistants will help you find contact information for up to 50 companies in our database each month
Download (CSV and XLS) 25k Records Per Month
If you're planning to do more in-depth research on the companies in our database, contact the Sales Department to purchase more credits and export additional shipping records.
Email Alerts for up to 10 Searches





             Plus             Small & Medium Business



Features

Visual Mapping
Our Visual Mapping technology provides an instant snapshot of any company's trade connections. Navigate the global web of trading partners with the click of a mouse and visualize the relationships between companies many degrees apart.







            Premium            Empire Builder



Features

Visual Mapping
Our Visual Mapping technology provides an instant snapshot of any company's trade connections. Navigate the global web of trading partners with the click of a mouse and visualize the relationships between companies many degrees apart.







            Limited            Monitor Your Competitors



Support

Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
Call or e-mail our Customer Service Agents. They will get back to as soon as possible to assist you with your data needs.




            Plus            Small & Medium Business



Support

Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
Call or e-mail our Customer Service Agents. They will get back to as soon as possible to assist you with your data needs.




            Premium            Empire Builder



Support

Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
Call or e-mail our Customer Service Agents. They will get back to as soon as possible to assist you with your data needs.
Dedicated Research Assistant
An experienced trade data specialist will serve as your dedicated account manager to locate hard-to-reach data, perform searches and compile reports on your behalf.




            Limited            Monitor Your Competitors



Data

Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 3 months for all companies
You'll have access to data from the previous 6-months from the date of your search. We use a rolling date range, so you can always look back 6 months from the current date.







X












                   Home                





                        How It Works                    



                            U.S. Data                        

                            Additional Countries                        

                            Our Datasets                        

                            Our Clients                        

                            IG Reviews                        

                            Videos                        

                            Pictures                        

                            Presentation                        



                   Plans & Pricing                

                    Search                

                  Contact Us                
Live Chat				

                    Free Demo                

                    Sign In                

                    Join Now                











English
中文
French










English



中文



French



 

Get global shipment alerts for Henry Salzhauer, $9.95 /month

Processing, please wait ...







Cardholder's Name


Tell us your Full Name



Credit Card No. 








Enter a valid Card No.



Exp. Date

1 January
2 February
3 March
4 April
5 May
6 June
7 July
8 August
9 September
10 October
11 November
12 December




2017
2018
2019
2020
2021
2022
2023
2024
2025
2026



Postal Code / Zip


(or Postal Code if not in the USA)




  Terms of Service




Submit















			                                                Service: 855-573-9976 
                        Sales: +1-855-573-9976

 Live Chat

Choose Language
 English
 中文
 French




 



Hi, may I help you with something?

An ImportGenius.com sales agent is available to answer your question.


							Chat Live Now						

						No, thanks.					







Sign Up






Home
How It Works
Plans & Pricing
Search
Contact Us


Live Chat

2
  



 



Henry Salzhauer

Henry Salzhauer imports from Sky And Ocean Cargo Express Co.,ltd in Singapore through the port of New York, New York        





 Call +1 (480) 744 2559




Import Genius






                                Our bill of lading data reveals the trading activities of Henry Salzhauer and millions of other importers.                            


Learn More
Join Now




Request a Demo





Would you like to schedule a free demo?
We'd love to show you international trade data relevant to your own business.










Name




Email





Phone






Schedule A Free Demo


















Play muted


International Trade Starts With Our Data









Other companies in our database

 GENERAL ELECTRIC CAPITAL CORPORATIO
 DELL PRODUCTS
 CVS PHARMACY INC
 NISSAN MOTOR IBERICA SA
 FAMILY DOLLAR STORES,INC.
















View Sample Shipment Records
Shipment Alert Subscription
Contact This Company



Sign Up

 





Sample shipment record for Henry Salzhauer
Henry Salzhauer imports from Sky And Ocean Cargo Express Co.,ltd in Singapore through the port of New York, New York


                                Bill of Lading                            





Manufacturer / Shipper
Consignee



SKY AND OCEAN CARGO EXPRESS CO.,LTD
179 M.7 T.NONGKAEW A.HANGDONG      CHIANGMAI 50320                    THAILAND


HENRY SALZHAUER
C/O 589                            BROADWAY NY 10012                  USA



Notify Party
Marks and Numbers








HENRY SALZHAUER  NEW YORK,U.S.A.  MADE IN THA 
ILAND
HENRY SALZHAUER  NEW YORK,U.S.A.  MADE IN THA 
ILAND





Master Bill of Lading Number
Container Number



MOLU387331740


MOTU0627504
MOTU0627504


Product Description




WOODEN WARE   4420.100.006/KGM  INV.NO.SKHS 0 

WOODEN WARE   4420.100.006/KGM  INV.NO.SKHS 0 










Bill of LadingGBLIGLSNYC188921Arrival Date2008-02-14Weight (LB)88Weight (KG)40Quantity1 CASContainer Count1Voyage No.200WPort of LoadingSINGAPOREPort of DischargeNEW YORK, NEW YORKVessel NamePRESIDENT POLKCarrier CodeGBLICountry Of OriginSingaporePlace Of ReceiptBANGKOK,  THAILAN 





Subscribe to access the complete shipping history for Henry Salzhauer. Join Now 







How will your business use our trade data?
If you're involved in international trade, our database of shipping manifests will help you find opportunities to grow your business.

Find Trading Partners You Can Trust
Monitor Competitors' Shipping Activities
Connect With Sales Prospects














                            "Very informative and great site and so quick. Pretty slick."
                        







Betty Fatzie

                                                                    President,                                 
                                                                    Lab Products, Inc.                                
                            






                            "The service was great, with a reasonable price and great results. We have now started using another supplier from China. We just ordered our first container from the new supplier and with the savings it more than paid for the ImportGenius.com service on the first container load."
                        







Cleve Kurz

                                
                                                                    Gifford Monument Works                                
                            






                            "Import Genius is not merely an investment for our organization, it’s a vital instrument to effectively manage our time. It has afforded us the ability to quickly segment, target and position ourselves in front of prospective clients. Thank you, Import Genius!"
                        







David Bryant

                                                                    Director of Business Development,                                 
                                                                    John S. James Co.                                
                            






                            "Import Genius data is fantastic for evaluating component manufacturers in China."
                        







Sanjay Dastoor

                                
                                                                    BoostedBoards.com                                
                            






                            "We have confidence that we're working with the best manufacturers in part because Import Genius showed us that they already supply some of the world's top brands"
                        







Yaniv Masjedi

                                                                    Vice President,                                 
                                                                    Nextiva.com                                
                            






                            "Import Genius is a highly informative tool for monitoring public companies' operating activities. It is an invaluable part of our research."
                        







Eric DeLamarter

                                                                    Managing Partner,                                 
                                                                    Half Moon Capital                                
                            






                            "We find new clients for our customs brokerage in the ImportGenius database almost every day"
                        







Jayson Gispan

                                                                    Customs Brokerage Operations Manager,                                 
                                                                    Flexport.com                                
                            






                            "ImportGenius is a great research tool. We use it to evaluate manufacturers to make sure we are working with only the highest quality, most reliable suppliers"
                        







Chris Friedland

                                                                    Founder / CEO,                                 
                                                                    Build.com                                
                            






                            "ImportGenius gave us visibility into the actual shipping histories of the manufacturers we were evaluating and helped us feel comfortable we were working with the best suppliers in China."
                        







Morena Simitic

                                                                    COO,                                 
                                                                    BellaBeat.com                                
                            
























Shipment Alert Subscription



                        Get e-mail alerts when Henry Salzhauer has new shipments.                        

Processing, please wait ...









Submit












Contact Henry Salzhauer







 



Name



Business



Email



Phone




Submit




Processing, please wait ...

 

 





Features



Save and Share Reports
Easily get your searches out of Import Genius and into your team’s hands for further analysis. Export your findings to XLS or CSV, or send reports via email. It’s the simple things that make our trade data even more valuable to you.



See the Supply Chain
Visual Mapping shows you exactly how your target companies and their trading partners connect. Search by shipper and see everyone they’ve shipped to. Or search by consignee and see all their suppliers. Zoom in on any company to see their own trading network. Dive deep into international trade and discover the links in anyone’s supply chain.



Get Real-time Shipment Alerts
Stay on top of your competitors, suppliers, and customers with real-time alerts. Just set up a search and get an email whenever a new shipment matches your terms. Import Genius lets you know the moment they bring in a rival product or start shipping to a new partner.








Henry Salzhauer
You've viewed 20 profile pages on Import Genius, which is the most we allow for free. Sign up for ImportGenius to get more details on over 3 million importers and exporters. It only takes seconds.






Sign Up for Import Genius! 








Plans




Limited
Monitor Your Competitors




Recommended Plan
Plus
Small & Medium Business




Premium
Empire Builder






Price





$
99
594
/month
for 6 months



                        Sign Up                    






$
199
1,194
/month
for 6 months



                        Sign Up                    






$
399
2,394
/month
for 6 months



                        Sign Up                    







Data




Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 3 months for all companies
View Details




Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 12 months for all companies
U.S. ocean freight exports from January 1, 2014 to present for all companies
View Details




Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from November 2006 to the present for all companies
U.S. ocean freight exports from January 1, 2014 to present for all companies
View Details






Usage





Track the shipping activities of your 3 chosen companies
3 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Download (CSV and XLS) 5k Records Per Month
Email Alerts for up to 3 Searches

View Details





25 Searches Per Day
25 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Download (CSV and XLS) 10k Records Per Month
Email Alerts for up to 5 Searches

View Details





50 Searches Per Day
50 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Download (CSV and XLS) 25k Records Per Month
Email Alerts for up to 10 Searches

View Details






Features


 


Visual Mapping
View Details




Visual Mapping
View Details






Support




Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
View Details




Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
View Details





Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
Dedicated Research Assistant

View Details






  






View All U.S. Imports
Instantly search 109,970,574 ocean freight records to monitor U.S. importers, research suppliers, generate sales leads and more.


As Featured In





















What is Import Genius





Who Uses Import Genius





Available Data Fields







What is Import Genius


												Import Genius reveals the trading activities of importers and exporters around the world.								

												We give you hard data about your overseas suppliers and domestic competitors. Using shipping databases from Customs agencies in the United States, Latin America, and India, Import Genius can help you find reliable new trading partners, monitor your competitors’ shipments, and keep an eye on your current suppliers and customers.								

												Our team of seasoned import-export veterans, cutting-edge software developers, and customer service professionals has worked for years to build the world's most powerful and accessible database of international trade intelligence.								



												We do this for a diverse client base that requires keen insight into international trade.								

												Our customers include some of the world's top importers, exporters, freight forwarders, logistics companies, manufacturers, investment banks, financial analysts, intellectual property attorneys, and more. They use our tools to:								

Research the trade activity of importers and suppliers
Identify and vet new sources for any kind of product
Monitor the competition and their trade connections
Generate sales leads for transportation and logistics companies
Track the activity of publicly-traded companies
Investigate and enforce intellectual property infringement
Ensure exclusive agent compliance




Who Uses Import Genius

Sourcing Professionals...

			Use our service to view shipping histories for suppliers.		

			We provide access to detailed customs records, letting you verify suppliers' true shipping volumes and U.S. customer lists. You can also look up your competing import firms to find where they buy their goods.		
+ Learn More
Competitive Intelligence Analysts...

			Use our service to learn where rivals source products.		

			We give clear insights into the importing volumes, new product releases, and broader competitive dynamics of your industry.		
+ Learn More


Sales & Marketing Teams...

			Use our service to generate sales prospects.		

			We give you the tools to target importers based on product type, location, shipping volumes, and more.		
+ Learn More
Financial Analysts...

			Use our service to monitor public companies' imports.		

			We offer rare data on the success or failure of new product launches, shipping trends and other operating data for companies in any industry.		
+ Learn More



Available Data Fields

Import Genius Data Fields

												By collecting the ocean freight bill of lading for all U.S. imports in our database, Import Genius provides unprecedented access to near real-time information on virtually every industry and company importing goods into the country.								

												For each shipment entering the U.S. by ocean, we provide access to the following information.								
Additional Fields Available for Some Shipments:

Phone Number
Fax Number
Email
Contact Person



List of Data Fields



ConsigneeThe company importing the shipment into the U.S.Consignee AddressThe address of the company importing the shipment into the U.S.ShipperThe overseas company exporting the shipment to the U.S.Shipper AddressThe address of the overseas company exporting the shipment to the U.S.Product DescriptionThe exporter's description of the shipment as it appears on the bill of lading or shipping manifestGross WeightThe gross weight of the shipment, excluding the weight of the actual container. This can appear in either pounds or kilograms at the discretion of the exporterNumber Of UnitsThe quantity of boxes customs would find if they were to open the shipment for inspection.VolumeThe volume of the shipment, generally defined in cubic meters or container base measurements (CBM)Arrival DateThe date the shipment arrives within the customs territory of the U.S.Foreign PortThe last port the shipment passes through before arriving in the U.S.Country Of OriginThe country of the last foreign port the shipment passes through before arriving in the U.S.U.S. PortThe U.S. port where the shipment enters the customs territory of the U.S.Carrier CodeThe four digit Standard Carrier Alpha Code of the ocean carrier or freight forwarder managing the transit of the shipmentVoyage NumberA unique code assigned to that particular sailing of the ship between two portsVessel NameThe name of the ship transporting the shipmentShip Registered InThe country where the ship is officially registeredBill Of Lading NumberThe unique number assigned to this particular shipment by the ocean carrier or freight forwarderContainer NumberThe unique number assigned to the ocean shipping container carrying the shipment in questionMarks & NumbersAny text or numbers appearing on the cartons 

















Import Genius

How It Works
Plans & Pricing
Our Trade Data Blog
Search
Latin Trade Data

Import Genius Reviews & Press Coverage
Who Uses Import Genius
Contact Us



Latest Posts




                                    Trump Properties Have…                                




                                    India, US palm oil imports…                                




                                    Chilean salmon exports…                                




                                    Limited Plan Now Available                                




                                    Solar panels: imports…                                




Company Profiles



                                    Geodis Wilson Taiwan Ltd As Agent                                



                                    Procter & Gamble Alexander & Associ                                



                                    Jitong Freight Co., Ltd                                



                                    Juice Pack Industries (pvt.) Ltd                                



                                    Molekule, C O Rush Order                                











                     
                                            109,970,574  Records in our database and counting





Customer Support Team: 

                    Tel:  855-573-9976
                    International: +1 480-745-3396
                    Fax: +1 602-428-9400
info@importgenius.com

                    8901 E Pima Center Pkwy, 
		    Suite 105 
                    Scottsdale, AZ 85258


Shanghai, China:

                    Tel: +86-21-63806036


                    Mobile No.: +86-13671737628
                    Fax Number: +86-21-63806036


Shenzhen, China
                    
                            Tel: +86-755-89517585
                            Mob: +86-13925258002
                            Fax: +86-755-89517585                



Have questions? We'll reply quickly!





									         		Type your info below								         		











Message



Submit

Processing, please wait ...

 

 

                Trainings, Demos, and General Contact All Available            
Or Call Us:
Service:

                    +1-855-573-9976                
Sales:

                    +1-855-573-9976                
Back to top

 





All Rights Reserved. Copyright © 2017. Trade Data Services, Inc. 0.3273
 






 

 




We're Offline
Please leave us a message



To chat with a representative of Import Genius, your browser needs to be Internet Explorer 9 or higher. Please fill out the form below and a representative will contact you as soon as possible.



Name



Email



Phone



Message



Send




X















