



SAM Risk Managed Fund LLC - Appel Balanced Fund Segregated Series


















graypools
Sign in
Learn more







SAM Risk Managed Fund LLC - Appel Balanced Fund Segregated Series
Hedge Fund






Institutional Investors

Hedge Funds

SAM Risk Managed Fund LLC - Appel Balanced Fund Segregated Series





















SAM Risk Managed Fund LLC - Appel Balanced Fund Segregated Series
is  a Delaware Hedge Fund located in Great Neck,
New York.  
 

It was founded on Monday, October 01, 2012.






150 Great Neck Road
Great Neck,
New York, 
11021 
United States
Phone: (516) 829-6444




Inception Date2012-10-01
Minimum Investment14.00K
CIK0001559454
JurisdictionDelaware
Updated2017-06-20 13:24:00.774066
NameSAM Risk Managed Fund LLC - Appel Balanced Fund Segregated Series
Latest Filing2016-10-14
As of Date2016-10-14
Inception2012-10-01
EIN202226546
Form D File Number021-185470
Legal Entity TypeLimited Liability Company











Statements



Private Investors


Commitments and Contributions






Advisers



Fund Managers: 1












10-16
10-15
10-14




Investors
30.00
30.00
30.00











10-16
10-15
10-14




Commitments/Contributions
6.48M
6.48M
5.55M







Fund Managers: 2016-10-14



Signalert Asset Management LLC
Delaware
































About /
Entities /
Legal
© 2017 Graypools LLC


















 





Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












SAM RISK MANAGED FUND LLC - APPEL BALANCED FUND SEGREGATED SERIES Top Holdings  

































WhaleWisdom









Search All
Search 13F Filers Only
Search SEC Filer
Search Stocks Only
Search Mgmt Inv. Cos Only
ETFs Only
Search Active




















                      SAM RISK MANAGED FUND LLC - APPEL BALANCED FUND SEGREGATED SERIES
                    

•   GREAT NECK, NY
                          • Hedge Fund
                      
How do I update this listing?




                                             SAM Risk Managed Fund LLC - Appel Balanced Fund Segregated Series is based out of Great Neck.    The firm last filed a Form D notice of exempt offering of securities on 2016-10-14. The filing was for a pooled investment fund:  hedge fund The notice  included securities offered of Pooled Investment Fund Interests
                                           














Summary
13D/G
Insider (Form 4)
Form D 4



   Create Email Alert
 




×
Email Notification.







                   ***Log In or
                   Sign-up
                   to see more advanced email alert options such as selecting any type of
                   SEC form, multiple filers or classes of filers, and much more.***
                 

                    ...or to simply have an email sent to you whenever we receive a new
                           13F filing from SAM RISK MANAGED FUND LLC - APPEL BALANCED FUND SEGREGATED SERIES, enter your
                    email address below and choose 'Submit'.
                

Your email:








Cancel














Contact Info




sam risk managed fund llc - appel balanced fund segregated series


150 GREAT NECK ROAD

GREAT NECK
NY
                                                        
                                                    11021


                                                      Business Phone:
                                                      516-829-6444







Recent SEC Filings




D/A filed on 10/14/2016
D/A filed on 10/15/2015
D/A filed on 10/15/2014
D/A filed on 10/15/2013
D - SAM Ri filed on 10/12/2012
















Schedule 13D and 13G events since 03/31/2017

Subscription required



 
Form 4 - Non-derivative Insider Transactions Since 03/31/2017
Loading...



Form D Filings

  Form D is a form to be used to file a notice of an exempt offering of securities with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
  Form D contains basic information about the offering and the company.


Form D Filings


Filing Date
Form Type
Industry Group
Securities Offered
Total Offering Amount
Total Amount Sold
Total Remaining




2016-10-14
D/A
POOLED INVESTMENT FUND:  HEDGE FUND

      Pooled Investment Fund Interests
    
INDEFINITE
6,475,374
INDEFINITE


2014-10-15
D/A
POOLED INVESTMENT FUND:  HEDGE FUND

      Pooled Investment Fund Interests
    
INDEFINITE
5,545,745
INDEFINITE


2013-10-15
D/A
POOLED INVESTMENT FUND:  HEDGE FUND

      Pooled Investment Fund Interests
    
INDEFINITE
5,296,745
INDEFINITE


2012-10-12
D
POOLED INVESTMENT FUND:  HEDGE FUND

      Pooled Investment Fund Interests
    
INDEFINITE
4,971,776
INDEFINITE




Other Issuers in Filings


Name
Address





  No Other Issuers
  




Related Parties included in filings


Name
Address
Relationship




DR. MARVIN   APPEL

          subscription required
    


          EXECUTIVE OFFICER
      



GERALD   APPEL

          subscription required
    


          EXECUTIVE OFFICER
      











Elevate your investments
Try it for free


































Balanced Fund

















































































 























Topics



What's New



Amazon Wobble Creates Ripples Across Worldwide Stock Markets




5 Secrets You Didn't Know About Roth IRAs


Topics

News
Financial Advisors
Markets
Anxiety Index
Investing
Managing Wealth
ETFs
The Trump Economy
Retirement
Personal Finance
Trading
ETFs Made Simple
Tech
Life Stages
Small Business
Bitcoin





Reference



Dictionary
Term Of The Day

Free Rider Problem
1. In economics, the free rider problem refers to a situation where some individuals ... 
Read More »



Broker Reviews




Find the best broker for your trading or investing needs
See Reviews



Latest Videos


Are Bezos & Musk's Rocketships Bad for Markets?


Guides

Stock Basics
Economics Basics
Options Basics


Exam Prep

Series 7 Exam
CFA Level 1
Series 65 Exam





Advisors




Advisor Insights
Our network of expert financial advisors field questions from our community.
Ask A Question



Join Advisor Insights
Are you a financial advisor? Showcase your expertise to 20+ million investors.
Join Now



Financial Advisors
Sophisticated content for financial advisors around investment strategies, industry trends, and advisor education.


Find an Advisor

Atlanta
Los Angeles
Boston
New York
Houston





Markets




Markets
The latest markets news, real time quotes, financials and more.



Watchlist
Track stocks and ETFs
Add New Watchlist





Simulator




Stock Simulator
Trade with a starting balance of $100,000 and zero risk!



FX Trader
Trade the Forex market risk free using our free Forex trading simulator.






NEW
                                Academy
                            




Investopedia Academy
Learn from the world's leader in financial education
Check out all courses


Featured Courses



Become a day trader
Start Learning



Excel for Finance
Start Learning



Latest Courses

Become a Day Trader
Excel for Finance
Coming soon: Fundamental Investing
Coming soon: Financial Modeling
All Courses






















Site Log In


Advisor Insights Log In



Newsletters

























Balanced Fund









Share








































What is a 'Balanced Fund'
A balanced fund combines a stock component, a bond component and sometimes a money market component in a single portfolio. Generally, these hybrid funds stick to a relatively fixed mix of stocks and bonds that reflects either a moderate, or higher equity, component, or conservative, or higher fixed-income, component orientation.

      
BREAKING DOWN 'Balanced Fund'
      Balanced funds are geared toward investors who are looking for a mixture of safety, income and modest capital appreciation. The amounts this type of mutual fund invests into each asset class usually must remain within a set minimum and maximum.Although they are in the "asset allocation" family, balanced fund portfolios do not materially change their asset mix. This is unlike life-cycle, target-date and actively managed asset-allocation funds, which make changes in response to an investor's changing risk-return appetite and age or overall investment market conditions.Equities and InflationInvestors who have dual investment objectives favor balanced funds. Typically, retirees or investors with low risk tolerance utilize these funds for growth that outpaces inflation and income that supplements current needs. While retirees generally scale back risk as age advances, many individuals recognize the need for equity exposure as life expectancies increase. While the equity holdings of a balanced fund tend to lean toward large, dividend-paying companies, those issues typically provide long-term total returns that track the S&P 500 Index. Historically, inflation has averaged about 3%, while the S&P 500 averaged about 9.8% from 1928 through 2014. Equities prevent erosion of purchasing power and help ensure long-term preservation of retirement nest eggs.Income NeedsThe bond component of a balanced fund serves two purposes: creating an income stream and tempering portfolio volatility. Investment-grade bonds such as AAA corporate issues and U.S. Treasurys provide interest income from semi-annual payments, while large-company stocks offer quarterly dividend payouts to enhance yield. Retired investors may take distributions in cash to bolster income from pensions, personal savings and government subsidies.Secondarily, bonds and Treasurys hold much less volatility than stocks. Bondholders have a claim against assets of a company while stocks represent ownership, bearing all inherent risk if bankruptcy occurs. Hence, debt security prices do not move in lockstep with equities, and their stability prevents wild swings in the share price of a balanced fund.Balanced Fund Performance ExampleThe Vanguard Balanced Index Fund has a below-average risk rating from Morningstar with an above-average reward profile. Through 10 years ending June 15, 2016, the fund, holding about 60% stock and 40% bonds, has returned 6.78% on average with a 1.89% trailing 12-month yield.






  


 









 




Trading Center




















                                                    Growth And Income Fund                                            




                                                    Asset Allocation Fund                                            




                                                    Income Fund                                            




                                                    Hybrid Fund                                            




                                                    Index Fund                                            




                                                    Equity Fund                                            




                                                    Target-Date Fund                                            




                                                    Fixed Income                                            




                                                    Total Bond Fund                                            




Next Up 

































 

Dictionary:
#
a
b
c
d
e
f
g
h
i
j
k
l
m
n
o
p
q
r
s
t
u
v
w
x
y
z




Content Library
Articles
Terms
Videos
Guides
Slideshows
FAQs
Calculators
Chart Advisor
Stock Analysis
Stock Simulator
FXtrader
Exam Prep Quizzer
Net Worth Calculator




Connect With Investopedia
























Work With Investopedia
About Us
Advertise With Us
Write For Us
Contact Us
Careers




Get Free Newsletters
Newsletters









Work With Investopedia
About Us
Advertise With Us
Write For Us
Contact Us
Careers



© 2017, Investopedia, LLC.

All Rights Reserved
Terms Of Use
Privacy Policy

























Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft













AGF.com - Mutual funds, Managed asset programs, Affluent investment solutions









































You may need to update your browser or browser settings to access our site. Click here for complete instructions.







Investor
Financial Advisor
Institutional
AGFiQ.com












Contact Us
Français

















    Investor Access
  


      Log In



  

    Price & performance
  


      Mutual Funds



      Daily Prices


      Performance


      Distributions


      Codes



      AGF Focus Funds



      Daily Prices


      Performance


      Distributions


      Codes



 
      AGF Elements



      Daily Prices


      Performance


      Distributions


      Codes



 
      Harmony



      Daily Prices


      Performance


      Distributions


      Codes



  
      Pooled Funds



      Daily Prices


      Performance


      Distributions


      Codes



      Annual Tax Factors


     Annual Distribution Breakdown
 
      Performance calculator


     Harmonized Sales Tax (HST) notice
 


  

    Products
  


     Mutual Fund finder
 

     List all funds
 
     Funds by asset class
 
     Portfolio Managers and Advisors
 
      Fund Facts


      MRFPs & quarterly disclosures


     Disclaimer Information & History
 

      Focus Funds



     About Focus Funds
 
      Fund Facts


      MRFPs & quarterly disclosures


     Disclaimer Information & History
 

 
      AGF Elements



     About Elements
 
      Fund Facts


      MRFPs & quarterly disclosures


     Disclaimer Information
 

     Group Savings Program
 

     Overview
 
     Employer
 
     Employee
 

     Tax Efficient Investing
 

     Registered Plans
 
     Distribution Types
 
     Corporate Class
 
     Series T and V
 

 
      Harmony



     About Harmony
 
     Portfolio Managers and Advisors
 
      Fund Facts


      MRFPs & quarterly disclosures


     Disclaimer Information & History
 

  
     Affluent Solutions
 

      List of Pooled Funds


     About Pooled funds
 
     AGF Gold Label
 
      Pooled Fund financial statements


     Disclaimer Information & History
 



  

    LEARNING CENTRE
  


     Resources
 

     Your Investment Matters
 
     2016 Investor Survey
 
     Rethink Risk
 
     Rethink Volatility
 
     Rethink Tax Strategies
 
     Rethink Income
 
     Value of Advice
 

 
     Investing for Retirement
 

     2017 RRSP Resource Centre
 
     Contributions
 
     Withdrawals
 
     Forms
 
     Government links
 
      RRSP calculator



     Investing for education
 

     Plan type
 
     Benefits
 
     Withdrawals
 
     Forms
 
     Government links
 
     FAQ
 

 
     Income for Retirement
 

     Rethink Income
 
     Withdrawals
 
      RRIF Illustrator


     Locked-in RRIFs
 
     Forms
 
     Government links
 

     Tools
 

     Email Subscription Centre
 
      Performance calculator


      RRIF Illustrator


      RRSP calculator



  
     Tax-Free Saving
 

     Benefits
 
     Scenarios
 
     Forms
 
     Government links
 
     FAQ
 

     FATCA & CRS
 


  

    Forms & Resources
  


      Regulatory Documents



      Simplified Prospectuses


      Annual information forms


      Independent Review Committee (IRC)


      Fund facts


      MRFPs & quarterly disclosures


      Financial statements


     Proxy voting records
 
      NI-24-101 statement


     SecurityHolder Meeting Material
 

 
      Forms & Applications


      Monthly Fund Profiles


 
      Educational Materials



      Investor brochures


      Tax information


      Market Insights




  

    ABOUT AGF
  


     About AGF
 

     Management team
 
     AGF Asset Allocation Committee 
 
     Portfolio Managers and Advisors
 
     AGF Global Equity Team
 
     Corporate Social Responsibility
 
     Responsible Investment
 
     AGF Investments complaint process
 

 
      News at AGF



      Press releases


      AGF in the news


     Weekly Market Review
 

 
     Investor Relations
 

     Quarterly Reports
 
     Annual Reports
 
      Annual Information Forms


     Corporate Fact Sheet
 
     Investor Contacts
 
     Presentations
 
     Analyst Coverage
 
     Limited Partnerships
 
     Dividends
 

  
     Careers
 

     Career Opportunities
 
     How We Work at AGF
 
     Benefits and Rewards
 

     Corporate Governance
 

     Governance Practices
 
     Board of Directors
 
     Board Committees
 
     Disclosure
 
     Code of Ethics
 



  






















































                                Quick links
                            



Mutual fund finder


Mutual funds prices & performance


Fund codes


Search for forms & applications











                                Fund facts
                            



Mutual funds


Focus funds


Elements Portfolios


Harmony Pools & Portfolios












                                AGF Investor Education Hub 
                            


                                Learn about investing, retirement savings, diversification and much more!
                                












                                What's new
                            



Press releases


AGF in the news


Rethink Volatility - Perspective


Investor relations










                                Account access
                            



Investor login


Advisor login


Groups admin login












                                Featured funds
                            



AGF Elements Yield Portfolio Class


AGF Total Return Bond Class


AGF Global Dividend Class


AGF Fixed Income Plus Class















Get in Touch With AGF


AGF Story



Corporate Social Responsibility


News at AGF

Careers

Institutional


Contact AGF:



Email




Follow us:




Facebook





LinkedIn





youTube






Disclaimer / Help / Privacy / Security / Terms of Use / Accessibility / Investors living abroad / Sitemap / Site Tour
AGF Web Site Pages © 2017 AGF Management Limited. All Rights Reserved.





























Investment Solutions | Legg Mason










































                                                Americas International
                                            




                                                Australia
                                            




                                                Austria
                                            




                                                Belgique -  Français
                                            




                                                België -  Nederlands
                                            




                                                China - 中文
                                            






                                                Danmark
                                            




                                                Finland
                                            




                                                France
                                            




                                                Deutschland
                                            




                                                Greece - ελληνικά
                                            




                                                Hong Kong - English
                                            




                                                Hong Kong - 中文
                                            




                                                Italia
                                            




                                                Japan - 日本人
                                            




                                                Luxembourg
                                            




                                                Malta
                                            




                                                Nederland
                                            




                                                Nordics
                                            




                                                Norge
                                            




                                                Polska
                                            




                                                Portugal
                                            




                                                Singapore
                                            




                                                España
                                            




                                                Sverige
                                            




                                                Suisse - Français
                                            




                                                Die Schweiz - Deutsch
                                            




                                                Taiwan - 中文
                                            




                                                United Kingdom
                                            




                                                United States
                                            




Login
Register




Contact Us

Shareholders 

Account Access
How to Invest
Forms & Applications
Tax Center


About 

Overview
Culture
Management Team
Investment Affiliates
Newsroom
Careers
Investor Relations






























Products


General Results


Literature



















READY TO GO ROBO?






Our Global Investment Survey looks at what’s trending in the charge toward automation in investing – and what’s threatening to leave investors cold.






						See Investment Survey Insights


















Investing




Solution-Driven ETFs for Goal-Oriented Investors

Our latest offering, Legg Mason Small-Cap Quality Value ETF, employs a strategic, multi-factor approach powered by decades of insights from experienced small-cap practitioners. 


Learn More  









Investing




LEGG MASON MULTI-ASSET SOLUTIONS

Build intelligent portfolios. Asset allocation models and portfolio analytics services to help you keep pace with evolving market conditions and investment needs. 


Explore Our Capabilities  









Investing




Separately Managed Accounts

Legg Mason’s deep capabilities and comprehensive lineup of strategies allow you to build customized portfolios for your clients.


Learn More  























		    	News &
		    	
		    	Insights










Insights










	Legg Mason Small-Cap Quality Value ETF


The latest Legg Mason offering in small-cap investing, Legg Mason Small-Cap Quality Value ETF, employs a strategic, multi-factor approach powered by decades of insights from experienced small-cap practitioners — all in an ETF wrapper.





		Learn More
	









Insights










	Understanding Infrastructure


Matt Bushby, RARE's Global Head of Distribution, explains their specialist view on infrastructure and the key infrastructure characteristics RARE looks for. He also examines why it can be limiting to view the infrastructure opportunity as the ‘Trump trade’.





		Learn More
	









Insights










	The Legg Mason Approach to ESG Investing


We understand you want your investments to do more. Our approach to Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) investing can help align your values with your investments, without sacrificing returns. 





		Learn More
	









Investing










	Benefits of Active Management


Active and passive investment strategies have complementary strengths that together can enhance portfolio diversification.  





		Learn More
	













 
 











		    	Featured
		    	
		    	Products









						View All
















Managed Account


Equity








ClearBridge Large Cap Growth Portfolios


A portfolio that seeks long-term capital growth of capital.











Mutual Fund


Equity








ClearBridge Large Cap Growth Fund

A (SBLGX)
The Fund offers the potential for attractive long-term returns through concentrated exposure to three different drivers of growth.












Managed Account


Fixed Income








Western Asset Core Portfolios


Total return focused portfolio that offers more balanced exposure to the Barclays U.S. Aggregate Bond Index, with a bias toward non-Treasury securities 












Mutual Fund


Fixed Income








Western Asset Core Plus Bond Fund

I (WATFX)
An actively managed and well-diversified core bond fund that includes limited exposure to opportunistic debt sectors












Exchange Traded Fund


Equity








Legg Mason Low Volatility High Dividend ETF 


Legg Mason Low Volatility High Dividend ETF (LVHD) may benefit investors who want income but are concerned about the volatility that can come from traditional equity income investments.











Exchange Traded Fund


Int'l/Global Equity








Legg Mason Global Infrastructure ETF


Legg Mason Global Infrastructure ETF (INFR) may benefit investors seeking a complement to existing core portfolios, with the potential to deliver diversification, defensive equity growth and inflation-sensitive returns. 













The Importance of Working with a Trusted Financial Professional
A financial professional, also known as a broker, can help you achieve your goals by providing valuable insight and guidance on economic issues, the markets, specific investment and strategies. FINRA, The Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, oversees the professionals and firms that sell stocks, bonds, mutual funds and other securities. We encourage you to seek out additional information on your current or prospective broker by going to BrokerCheck.













































































IMPORTANT INFORMATION: All investments involve risk, including loss of principal. Past performance is no guarantee of future results. Please see each product’s web page for specific details regarding investment objective, risks, performance and other important information. Review this information carefully before you make any investment decision.
This content is not approved for use by Primerica Representatives. For more information, please contact your Legg Mason Sales Representative or the Legg Mason Sales Desk at 1-800-221-3627.












Close 


You are leaving www.leggmason.com and being directed to a new site.





Decline
Accept








Close 



Email to a Friend




 
 

Firm Approvals
 


Thank you. Your message has been sent.




  






Your Name:






Your Email:







                    Firm Name :
                



                            Select your firm or "OTHER" if firm is not listed
                        






                    Your Firm'sName :
                







Recipient Name:






Recipient Email:







Subject:






Message:








 Send a copy to my email address


















  Send Now





This link leads to a website that is intended for U.S. investors only. The products and services described on the website are not available to non-U.S. investors. Non-U.S. investors should disregard this email. Legg Mason takes no liability for the onward transmission of this material. All investments involve risk, including possible loss of principal.
Investors should consider the fund's investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses carefully before investing. Find this and other information in each fund's prospectus or if available, summary prospectus on the product specific pages of this website. Read it carefully before investing.
An investment in a money market fund is neither insured nor guaranteed by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other government agency. Although a money market fund seeks to preserve the value of your investment at $1.00 per share, it is possible to lose money by investing in the fund.
Legg Mason Investor Services, LLC is a subsidiary of Legg Mason, Inc. | 100 First Stamford Place | Stamford, CT | 06902 © 2016 Legg Mason Investor Services, LLC. Member FINRA, SIPC
INVESTMENT PRODUCTS: NOT FDIC INSURED | NO BANK GUARANTEE | MAY LOSE VALUE














DID YOU KNOW THAT YOUR INTERNET BROWSER IS OUT OF DATE?
Your browser is out of date and may not be compatible with our website. A list of the most popular web browsers can be found below.
Note: If you are seeing this pop up in Internet Explorer and are running version 8 or higher, please go into Tools (ALT+T), and then to Compatibility View Settings and make sure "Display Intranet Sites in Compatibility View" is not checked.
 











Upgrade Explorer










Get Firefox
 








Get Chrome
 










By closing this window you acknowledge that your experience on this website may be degraded.
 







Close This Window













	Search Engine Marketing (SEM) - Bing Ads








































































































Skip to content











Sign upSign in


 


















You run your business. We'll help find your customers.
Bing Ads can help build your business and drive your success. Spend $25 and get $100 in advertising credit.†

†Offer details




Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.







Coupon code class

First name:

Last name:

Email:

Your website URL

Business phone



*Required
Microsoft may contact you to provide updates and special offers about Bing Ads. You can unsubscribe at any time. To learn more you can read the privacy statement.
Type the code from the image:

Enter security code:







             























×
Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.


†Offer Details: Offer expires December 31, 2017.  Valid only for new Bing Ads customers who are first party recipients of the offer email. A new Bing Ads customer is one that has not advertised on Bing Ads before. Enter promotional coupon code and spend $25 (applies to threshold and prepaid accounts) to receive $100 in Bing Ads credits. Limit one promotion code per new Bing Ads customer. Promotional code must be redeemed within thirty (30) days of Bing Ads new customer account creation. Ad campaign costs accrued before receiving a credit, as well as costs accrued after all credits are used, will be charged to the payment method associated with the Bing Ads account. If customer payment fails, the coupon amount will not be applied.  Ads will continue to run and accrue costs after any promotional credit has been used up. Any portion of the credit not used within ninety (90) days of credit redemption will expire and can't be carried over even if the Bing Ads Customer switches their payment method. Offer valid only to residents of the United States. In order for the offer to be valid, a form of payment must be entered into your account prior to redemption of the promotional code and prior to your account going live to take advantage of the credit. This offer may not be combined with any other offer, promotional code coupon or discount, separated, redeemed for cash, transferred, sold, or bartered. Microsoft, in its sole discretion, can close your account for any suspected coupon abuse. Refund of the $25 is not permitted.  See Bing Ads Terms and Conditions for more details at sign-up. Other terms and conditions may apply.  Microsoft reserves the right to cancel, change, or suspend this offer at any time without notice.









See how Bing Ads works



Customers search


Customers see your ad


Customers contact you


Watch how Bing Ads works  
 








×
How Bing Ads works

















Help more customers find you
See how Bing can attract customers your Google AdWords campaigns can't.

Reach 137 million searchers on the Bing Network.1
Tap into 32.9% of the search marketplace.2
Get in front of searchers who spend 16 percent more than the average internet searcher.2











Powerful network. Powerful benefits.



Reach across devicesConnect with customers looking for your business anytime, anywhere, on any device.


Go global or localReach people in the Bing Network everywhere or focus on cities, counties and areas within a certain distance from your business.


Easy to importIf you're already using another product like Google Adwords, it's easy to pull that campaign into Bing Ads.








You control your costs

 Free sign-upJoin Bing Ads for free and control your account at every step.


 Only pay for clicksPay just when customers click on your ad. No click, no charge.


 No minimum feeStart advertising with a budget that works best for your business.









 



The advantage we gain in cost per click gives us a great return on investment — more than 35 percent better than Google AdWords.
Scott Redgate, search engine marketing manager — CJ Pony Parts
By using Bing Ads features like Image Extensions and Sitelink Extensions, this auto parts retailer races to convert customers and beat its competition.

 Read about driving more conversions







 



We might not get as much of the volume as with Google AdWords, but the volume of the traffic that we get converts really well at a lower cost.
Scott Schult, Executive Vice President of Marketing — Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau
The Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau uses Bing Ads to drive site traffic and tourism at lower cost.

 Read about getting better ROI








Better results for less cost. That's as simple as I can make it. If I look at the quality of the traffic we get for the dollars we spend on Bing Ads, our ROI is fantastic.
Alex Littlewood, CEO   Motoroso
Motoroso, a market network for auto enthusiasts, gets better results for less cost and reaches a high-value audience with Bing Ads.

 Read about attracting quality traffic



 









Import your AdWords campaigns

Save time by importing your Google AdWords campaigns into Bing Ads to get ads live quickly.


Sign in with your Microsoft account (or create one) to get started on Bing Ads.


From within the Bing Ads interface, select the Import from Google AdWords option.


Enter your Google AdWords credentials and select the campaign you want to import.










Preview your ad

Get found online with search engine marketing. Make the most of your marketing dollars and drive customers to your business.
See how Bing Ads can work for you




















Get started today
Give us a few details about your business to create a Bing Ads account and get it up and running.


  
Sign up
Get started with Bing Ads 
Signing up is always free.













FAQ


Is Bing Ads right for me?

Is Bing Ads right for my business?
All types of businesses find value and success with Bing Ads. Whether you're focused on local calls and foot traffic, or want to drive traffic to your website from across the country or around the world. Bing Ads has solutions for you.
I already appear in search results for free. Why should I pay for advertising?
Your current customers may search for your business by name, aiming it easy to find you in search results. But customers you've yet to reach are more likely searching for general terms that wouldn't necessarily bring up your business in search results. Advertising next to relevant Bing search results puts your business front and center with interested customers you otherwise might not reach.
What is the difference between SEO and SEM? Which one is right for me?
Search engine optimization (SEO) is adjusting your website to improve your natural ranking in search results. You cannot pay to improve your website ranking on Bing or Yahoo, thus we often refer to these results and unpaid or "organic" search results.

	Clicks from SEO are free. But SEO also requires technical expertise and involves some factors over which you have only limited control.

	Search engine marketing (SEM) is paid advertising that appears next to or above unpaid (or "organic") search results. These paid ads are purchased through Bing Ads.

	You pay for SEM clicks. But SEM gives you more control over when your website appears on results pages and you decide how much you want to pay. And you can measure which ads are working and quickly improve your results.

	You don't have to choose between SEO and SEM. You can do both!
If my time is limited, should I still try Bing ads?
Yes! Call a Bing Ads specialist at 877-635-3561*and we’ll set up your first campaign for you for free. We’ll give you tips on getting the most out of your ads and set you up for success. We’re here to help.




About Bing Ads

Where does my ad appear?
Your ads could appear on the top or to the right of Bing, Yahoo, and MSN search results. And you can choose to target your ads to different geographic regions, times or days of the week, and even demographics.
What determines my ad position?
Bing Ads is a pay-per-click (PPC) advertising system. You bid based on how much you are willing to pay per each click on your ad. Because webpages have a limited number of places to show ads, we auction those spaces. You are bidding against other advertisers to get your ads into the space you want. So if you bid on the keyword "shoe", you will have to beat the bids of the other advertisers who are also bidding on "shoe." You determine how much you are willing to bid.
	Your ad position is based on several things, including:
	
How closely your ad and website fit with the terms that are searched (relevance).
How your bid compares to other bids in the Bing Ads auction.
How strongly your ad has performed in the past and how often it has been clicked (click-through rate).

	The stronger you are in these areas, the better your chances of winning the top ad position.




How to use Bing Ads

How can I use Bing Ads to drive more people to my website?
Here are some tips to get better results:
	
Review your budget and bid strategy. If your ad keeps pausing, your budget limit may be set too low. Competitive bids help your ad stay in a strong position to catch eyes and get more clicks to your website.
Expand your targeting, both for location and for devices (computer, mobile and tablet).
Make sure your ads and website are relevant to the keywords you bid on. Would someone searching your terms expect to see and ad for your business?


How can I keep my costs down?
While your first instinct may be to lower your budget, first try lowering your maximum bids. Yes, this could mean fewer customers visit your site. But if you increase your quality score and build ads with a strong performance history, you may be able to win a good ad position with a lower bid. That would lower your cost=per-click and help stretch your budget.
How do I know if Bing Ads is working?
View a wide range of performance trends in your account to quickly see key stats: ad clicks, the number of times your ad appeared (impressions), spend, average cost-per-click, click-through rate, average ad position, cost per acquisition, and conversions. You can also run performance reports to get insights into how well your campaigns are doing.
Can I run more than one ad?
Yes! In fact, we encourage it. Only one ad will show at a time but running multiple ads lets you test different approaches to see what's working best with your target customers. Frequently, businesses try out different ads for specific products or pages.




Getting started with Bing Ads

How do I get started?
Sign up for Bing Ads
Which keywords should I choose?
You have a few options to help choose your keywords. First you'll want to think of the terms one of your customers might use to search for your products and offerings. Those search terms are a great starting point. Then you can use tools right in your account to find more keywords. Within Bing Ads, click Campaigns on the top of the page. Click the Keywords tab, and then click Add Keywords. This will let you:
	
Search for new keywords based on one you enter.
Search a website for keywords.
Search your destination URLs for keywords.


How can I write a good ad?
Here are a few tips that can help make your ad stand out.
	
Keep your ads relevant. One way to improve relevance is to use your customer's most popular search terms in your ad titles and txt.
Describe what sets your product apart.
Use your customers' language. Use words and writing tone that are likely to attract your typical customer.
Be specific. This clearer and more specific your offering, the better. For example, rather than "big discount," specify and exact percentage, such as "50 percent off."
Give customers a reason to click your ad right now. Offer a specific call to action, such as encouraging customers to request a brochure or consultation, download a free e-book, subscribe to a newsletter, or take advantage of a limited-time discount.























Sign up with Bing Ads to get started









































Eaton Vance Funds | Eaton Vance Funds


























































Use of cookies by Eaton Vance Management (International) LimitedWe use cookies to deliver our online services. Details and instructions on how to disable those cookies are set out here. By continuing to use this website you agree to our use of our cookies unless you have disabled them.accept cookies














Go to:


Eaton Vance U.S. Home

Eaton Vance U.S. HomeU.S Institutions HomeEaton Vance U.S. FundsU.S. Charitable HomeOffshore HomeGlobal Home













InvestorAccount Access 
Investment Professional Sign In






 Eaton Vance Funds



 






View Eaton Vance Funds

Eaton Vance offers mutual funds that invest across a wide array of equity, income and alternative strategies. Each of them seeks to address the varied investment goals of today. Browse our mutual funds that have a five- or four-star Morningstar rating.
Learn More







Income Funds

Taxable Income

1-to-10 Year Laddered Corporate Bond Fund (EICBX)
Core Bond Fund (EIGIX)
Core Plus Bond Fund (EIBAX)
Emerging Markets Debt Opportunities Fund (EIDOX)
Emerging Markets Local Income Fund (EEIIX)
Floating-Rate & High Income Fund (EIFHX)
Floating-Rate Advantage Fund (EIFAX)
Floating-Rate Fund (EIBLX)
Government Obligations Fund (EIGOX)
High Income Opportunities Fund (EIHIX)
Income Fund of Boston (EIBIX)
Multisector Income Fund1 (EVBIX)
Short Duration Government Income Fund (EILDX)
Short Duration High Income Fund (ESHIX)
Short Duration Real Return Fund (EIRRX)
Short Duration Strategic Income Fund (ESIIX)



Tax Advantaged/Municipal Income - National

AMT-Free Municipal Income Fund (EVMBX)
Floating-Rate Municipal Income Fund (EILMX)
High Yield Municipal Income Fund (EIHYX)
Municipal Opportunities Fund (EMOIX)
National Limited Maturity Municipal Income Fund (EINAX)
National Municipal Income Fund (EIHMX)
Short Duration Municipal Opportunities Fund2 (EMAIX)
TABS 1-to-10 Year Laddered Municipal Bond Fund (EILBX)
TABS 10-to-20 Year Laddered Municipal Bond Fund (EITTX)
TABS 5-to-15 Year Laddered Municipal Bond Fund (EILTX)
TABS Intermediate-Term Municipal Bond Fund (ETIIX)
TABS Short-Term Municipal Bond Fund (EIBSX)



Municipal Income - State

Arizona Municipal Income Fund (EIAZX)
California Municipal Opportunities Fund (EICAX)
Connecticut Municipal Income Fund (EICTX)
Georgia Municipal Income Fund (EIGAX)
Maryland Municipal Income Fund (EIMDX)
Massachusetts Municipal Income Fund (EIMAX)
Minnesota Municipal Income Fund (EIMNX)
Missouri Municipal Income Fund (EIMOX)
New Jersey Municipal Income Fund (EINJX)
New York Municipal Income Fund (EINYX)
New York Municipal Opportunities Fund3 (ENYIX)
North Carolina Municipal Income Fund (EINCX)
Ohio Municipal Income Fund (EIOHX)
Oregon Municipal Income Fund (EIORX)
Pennsylvania Municipal Income Fund (EIPAX)
South Carolina Municipal Income Fund (EISCX)
Virginia Municipal Income Fund (EVAIX)




Equity/Hybrid Funds

Domestic Equity

Atlanta Capital Focused Growth Fund (EILGX)
Atlanta Capital Select Equity Fund (ESEIX)
Atlanta Capital SMID-Cap Fund4 (EISMX)
Focused Growth Opportunities Fund (EIFGX)
Focused Value Opportunities Fund (EIFVX)
Growth Fund (ELCIX)
Large-Cap Value Fund (EILVX)
Real Estate Fund (EIREX)
Small-Cap Fund (EISGX)
Special Equities Fund (EISEX)
Stock Fund (EIERX)



Multi-Asset

Balanced Fund (EIIFX)
Multi-Strategy All Market Fund (EIAMX)
Richard Bernstein All Asset Strategy Fund (EIRAX)



Equity Income

Dividend Builder Fund (EIUTX)
Global Income Builder Fund (EDIIX)



Global/International Equity

Emerging and Frontier Countries Equity Fund5 (EICOX)
Focused Global Opportunities Fund (EFGIX)
Focused International Opportunities Fund (EFIIX)
Global Small-Cap Fund (EIVSX)
Greater China Growth Fund (EICGX)
Greater India Fund (EGIIX)
Hexavest Global Equity Fund (EHGIX)
Hexavest International Equity Fund (EHIIX)
International Small-Cap Fund (EILIX)
Richard Bernstein Equity Strategy Fund (ERBIX)
Worldwide Health Sciences Fund (EIHSX)



Tax-Managed Equity

Tax-Managed Equity Asset Allocation Fund (EIEAX)
Tax-Managed Global Dividend Income Fund (EIDIX)
Tax-Managed Global Small-Cap Fund (ESVIX)
Tax-Managed Growth Fund 1.06 (CAPEX)
Tax-Managed Growth Fund 1.16 (EITMX)
Tax-Managed Growth Fund 1.2 (EITGX)
Tax-Managed Multi-Cap Growth Fund (EACPX)
Tax-Managed Small-Cap Fund (EIMGX)
Tax-Managed Value Fund (EITVX)




Alternative Funds

Other Alternatives

Commodity Strategy Fund (EICSX)
Diversified Currency Income Fund (EIIMX)
Hedged Stock Fund (EROIX)



Absolute Return

Global Macro Absolute Return Advantage Fund (EGRIX)
Global Macro Absolute Return Fund (EIGMX)
Multi-Strategy Absolute Return Fund (EIDDX)










1. Prior to 7/18/16, Fund was called Eaton Vance Bond Fund.
2. Prior to 11/14/16, Fund was called Eaton Vance Massachusetts Limited Maturity Municipal Income Fund, had a different objective and employed a different investment strategy. Please see prospectus for more details.
3. Prior to 4/25/16, Fund was called Eaton Vance New York Limited Maturity Income Fund and employed a different investment strategy. Please see prospectus for more details.
4. As of the close of business on January 15, 2013, this Fund has discontinued sale of its shares, with the exception of existing shareholders, qualified retirement plans and certain fee-based programs. See prospectus for additional details.
5. Prior to 5/2/17, Fund was called Eaton Vance Global Macro Capital Opportunities Fund.
6. These shares are not available for new investments.












Twitter @EatonVance
Eaton Vance on LinkedIn
Eaton Vanceon Facebook
FAs: Register
Subscriptions
EmailPrint






Disclosure - Restricted content

The information contained in this section of the website is designed solely for professional clients. 
                If you are not a professional client you should not proceed any further. The content should not be looked at or distributed to retail clients.
Certain products and services mentioned on this website may not be eligible for sale in some states or countries and they may not 
                be suitable for all types of investors. This website does not constitute an offer or solicitation and is not directed at you if Eaton Vance Management 
                (International) ltd (EVMI) is prohibited by any law of any jurisdiction from making the information on this website available to you and is not 
                intended for any use that would be contrary to local law or regulation. No products and services mentioned on this website must be promoted in 
                any jurisdiction where this would not be permitted.This website does not constitute investment, legal or tax advice with respect to our products and services and it is important 
                that you do not rely on its content when making an investment decision. You should obtain relevant and specific professional advice before making 
                any decision to enter into an investment transaction. EVMI does not represent that the information on this website, including any third party 
                information, is accurate or complete and it should not be relied upon as such. Past performance is not a guide to future returns.
The value of investment funds and the income therefrom may go down as well as up and you may not get back the original amount invested. 
                Your capital could be at risk. You are not certain to make money from your investments and you may lose money. Exchange rates may cause the value of 
                overseas investments and the income therefrom to rise and fall.Information in this section may contain statements that are not historical facts, referred to as forward-looking statements. 
                A Fund’s future results may differ significantly from those stated in forward-looking statements, depending on factors such as changes in 
                securities or financial markets or general economic conditions, the volume of sales and purchases of Fund shares, the continuation of advisory, 
                administrative and service contracts, and other risks.All information in this section are for "Professional Client ONLY". To access this website users must qualify as a "Professional 
                client". Any person who does not fall into the categories listed above should not rely on the information contained in this website.
By clicking the Okay button below, you confirm that you are from an eligible jurisdiction to review material relating to the 
                Fund or Strategies (or are authorised to conduct investment business in the jurisdiction within which you are resident and under the law of that 
                jurisdiction, you are authorised to view material relating to collective investment schemes) and that you are a Professional Client.



Remember Me



I Do Not Accept
Ok




Disclosure - Restricted content

The information contained in this section of the website is designed solely for professional clients. 
                If you are not a professional client you should not proceed any further. The content should not be looked at or distributed to retail clients.
Certain products and services mentioned on this website may not be eligible for sale in some states or countries and they may not 
                be suitable for all types of investors. This website does not constitute an offer or solicitation and is not directed at you if Eaton Vance Management 
                (International) ltd (EVMI) is prohibited by any law of any jurisdiction from making the information on this website available to you and is not 
                intended for any use that would be contrary to local law or regulation. No products and services mentioned on this website must be promoted in 
                any jurisdiction where this would not be permitted.This website does not constitute investment, legal or tax advice with respect to our products and services and it is important 
                that you do not rely on its content when making an investment decision. You should obtain relevant and specific professional advice before making 
                any decision to enter into an investment transaction. EVMI does not represent that the information on this website, including any third party 
                information, is accurate or complete and it should not be relied upon as such. Past performance is not a guide to future returns.
The value of investment funds and the income therefrom may go down as well as up and you may not get back the original amount invested. 
                Your capital could be at risk. You are not certain to make money from your investments and you may lose money. Exchange rates may cause the value of 
                overseas investments and the income therefrom to rise and fall.Information in this section may contain statements that are not historical facts, referred to as forward-looking statements. 
                A Fund’s future results may differ significantly from those stated in forward-looking statements, depending on factors such as changes in 
                securities or financial markets or general economic conditions, the volume of sales and purchases of Fund shares, the continuation of advisory, 
                administrative and service contracts, and other risks.All information in this section are for "Professional Client ONLY". To access this website users must qualify as a "Professional 
                client". Any person who does not fall into the categories listed above should not rely on the information contained in this website.
By clicking the Okay button below, you confirm that you are from an eligible jurisdiction to review material relating to the 
                Fund or Strategies (or are authorised to conduct investment business in the jurisdiction within which you are resident and under the law of that 
                jurisdiction, you are authorised to view material relating to collective investment schemes) and that you are a Professional Client.


I Do Not Accept
Ok





 


We apologize for the inconvenience but we are experiencing a technical issue.We are working on a solution. Please try again later.If you require further assistance, please call:1-800-836-2414. 

You have already upgraded your account. Please login using the link at the top of the page. 



Your download will begin when this window is closed.
Manage your subscriptions



You have successfully un-subscribed from .


As a subscriber, you are one step away from getting more access and control. Register now by simply creating a password below.


Create Password:

Confirm Password:

Passwords must be 8 to 20 alphanumeric characters, including a special character:! @ # $ % ^ & * ( ) - _ = + , < . > ?.

Cancel
Trouble registering? Call 1-800-836-2414.



Congratulations! You are registered.
We have sent a verification email to . Please check your e-mail and click on the secured link to verify your account and complete the registration process.
Trouble receiving the verification email? Call 1-800-836-2414.


Congratulations!
We are pleased to grant you access to this Eaton Vance website.Please click here to be logged in with your username .


A verification email has been sent.
You have requested a change to your password. In order to process this request, a verification email has been sent to . When you receive this email, please click the link contained within the email to start the password reset process.
Trouble signing in? Call 1-800-836-2414.



This account is restricted.

Your account has limited access.

If you need further assistance, please call 1-800-836-2414.



This account has been updated.

Your account has been updated to use your new email address .
We have sent a verification email to  with a verification link to confirm the change.
Trouble receiving the verification email? Call 1-800-836-2414.



This email account has not been verified.

Your account has not yet been activated. We have sent a verification email to . If you'd like us to resend this, please click the Resend Email button below.
Trouble receiving the verification email? Call 1-800-836-2414.

Cancel



Thank you.
An e-mail verification has been re-sent to . Please check your e-mail and follow the instructions to complete the registration process.
Trouble receiving the verification email? Call 1-800-836-2414.


An email has been sent to the email address  containing a link to verify your credentials. Please check your e-mail and click on the secured link to complete your request.
Trouble receiving the verification email? Call 1-800-836-2414.


Re-verification Required
For security purposes we could not complete your request. Please click here to receive a new link to access the requested content.
A new email has been sent to the email address  containing a link to re-verify your credentials. Please check your e-mail and click on the secured link to complete your request.
Trouble receiving the verification email? Call 1-800-836-2414.


Verification Accepted
You have been granted access to the requested content.

Remember Me
Click here to remain recognized on this device for future visits to EatonVance.com


Do Not Remember Me
Click here if you are using a Public Computer or Shared Device.

Trouble receiving the verification email? Call 1-800-836-2414.





Company Email:

Password:



Remember Me                          |                          Forgot your password?  Cancel
Subscribe to new content: Register 
If you are an individual investor and have an account with Eaton Vance, sign into your account here.


Please check the Fund Literature that you would like to subscribe to. Your subscriptions can be managed on your profile page. 
Subscribe All




Subscribe

Cancel



Thank you for downloading 
If your download did not start automatically, please click here.

Stay on top of your game.
Receive email notifications when the  is updated by clicking the subscribe button.


Close


Stay on top of your game.
Receive email notifications when the  is updated by clicking the subscribe button.



Company Email:


Close
Subscribe to new content: Register                    Already have an account? Sign In.



Thank you for subscribing
We have sent a verification email to . Please check your e-mail and click on the secured link to verify your subscription.
Subscribe to new content: Register Want to manage your subscriptions? Sign In.


Un-subscription request
We have sent a verification email to . Please check your e-mail and click on the secured link to verify your request.
Subscribe to new content: Register Want to manage your subscriptions? Sign In.


Opt-In Request
We have sent a verification email to . Please check your e-mail and click on the secured link to verify your request.
Subscribe to new content: Register Want to manage your subscriptions? Sign In.


Opt-Out Request
We have sent a verification email to . Please check your e-mail and click on the secured link to verify your request.
Subscribe to new content: Register Want to manage your subscriptions? Sign In.


Stay on top of your game.
You have selected to receive email notifications for:


Enter your Email


Cancel
Subscribe to new content: Register 


Stay on top of your game.
You are currently "Opted Out" of all Eaton Vance email communications. If you would like to be alerted of updates to your new subscription, please Opt In:

Close



Enter your e-mail address to reset your password.


Company Email:



Already have an account? Sign In.
Subscribe to new content: Register
Trouble registering? Call 1-800-836-2414.





Simply enter your e-mail address to register.


Company Email:


Cancel
Already have an account? Sign In.

If you are an individual investor and have an account with Eaton Vance, sign into your account here.


Register for more access and control.

Elevate your business practice with materials from the Advisor Institute.
Learn more with exclusive videos, conference calls, and the latest insights.
Follow products, get product notifications, and manage your Eaton Vance communications.












Your Name *



My Contact Email Address *



Recipient's Name



Recipient's Email *



Prepared on *



 Link to webpage 
                                
                                Link to PDF                            

Message

I thought you'd be interested in this information from Eaton Vance.
Here's the link:Eaton Vance Funds
Copy Link
For more information, visit http://funds.eatonvance.com/

Cancel Send Email

 





            Please wait while the data is being prepared for download.This message will automatically close when your file is ready.



Please enter a new email.


New Email:



Trouble signing in? Call 1-800-836-2414.







Investment Professionals
Get more access and control.
Register Now Already have an account? Access.






Investment Professionals

Access
Subscribe to new content: Register. 



Get PDF Now
Subscribe 
You are already subscribed to 
Manage your subscriptions

Unsubscribe 








 
 Symbol:  


                    NAV as of  

 
 




 
 






Site Disclaimer


You are about to enter the   website for .


This is your selected location and role:





This is your selected location:



Please select your role:







I Do Not Accept
I Accept






Disclaimer


The information contained in this section of the website is designed solely for professional clients. If you are not a professional client you should not proceed any further. The content should not be looked at or distributed to retail clients.
By clicking the box below, you confirm that you are from an eligible jurisdiction to review material relating to the Fund (or are authorised to conduct investment business in the jurisdiction within which you are resident and under the law of that jurisdiction, you are authorised to view material relating to collective investment schemes).

GENERAL DISCLAIMER
Certain products and services mentioned on this website may not be eligible for sale in some states or countries and they may not be suitable for all types of investors. This website does not constitute an offer or solicitation and is not directed at you if Eaton Vance Management (International) ltd (EVMI) is prohibited by any law of any jurisdiction from making the information on this website available to you and is not intended for any use that would be contrary to local law or regulation. No products and services mentioned on this website must be promoted in any jurisdiction where this would not be permitted.
This website does not constitute investment, legal or tax advice with respect to our products and services and it is important that you do not rely on its content when making an investment decision. You should obtain relevant and specific professional advice before making any decision to enter into an investment transaction. EVMI does not represent that the information on this website, including any third party information, is accurate or complete and it should not be relied upon as such. Past performance is not a guide to future returns.
The value of investment funds and the income therefrom may go down as well as up and you may not get back the original amount invested. Your capital could be at risk. You are not certain to make money from your investments and you may lose money. Exchange rates may cause the value of overseas investments and the income therefrom to rise and fall.
Information in this section may contain statements that are not historical facts, referred to as forward-looking statements. A Fundâs future results may differ significantly from those stated in forward-looking statements, depending on factors such as changes in securities or financial markets or general economic conditions, the volume of sales and purchases of Fund shares, the continuation of advisory, administrative and service contracts, and other risks.
QIAIF DISCLAIMER
The Fund is an umbrella fund of the Eaton Vance Institutional Funds plc (the "Company"), a public limited company with variable capital with segregated liability between sub-funds incorporated in Ireland pursuant to the Companies Acts. The Company is authorised and regulated by the Central Bank of Ireland as a Qualified Investors Alternative Investment Fund (QIAIF) and solely intended for Qualified Investors (as defined in the Fund prospectus).
The Fund is currently authorised in Ireland only and as a QIAIF the Company may apply for recognition by other EU Member States. The QIAIF mentioned on this website may not be eligible for sale in some countries.
This website is not intended to distribute or offer or solicit the sale of shares or units in the Fund and any jurisdiction in which such distribution, or offer or solicitation would be considered contrary to local law or regulation.
            


I Do Not Accept
I Accept
























