










 



















Pooled Funds


















































































 























Topics



What's New



Amazon Wobble Creates Ripples Across Worldwide Stock Markets




5 Secrets You Didn't Know About Roth IRAs


Topics

News
Financial Advisors
Markets
Anxiety Index
Investing
Managing Wealth
ETFs
The Trump Economy
Retirement
Personal Finance
Trading
ETFs Made Simple
Tech
Life Stages
Small Business
Bitcoin





Reference



Dictionary
Term Of The Day

Free Rider Problem
1. In economics, the free rider problem refers to a situation where some individuals ... 
Read More »



Broker Reviews




Find the best broker for your trading or investing needs
See Reviews



Latest Videos


Are Bezos & Musk's Rocketships Bad for Markets?


Guides

Stock Basics
Economics Basics
Options Basics


Exam Prep

Series 7 Exam
CFA Level 1
Series 65 Exam





Advisors




Advisor Insights
Our network of expert financial advisors field questions from our community.
Ask A Question



Join Advisor Insights
Are you a financial advisor? Showcase your expertise to 20+ million investors.
Join Now



Financial Advisors
Sophisticated content for financial advisors around investment strategies, industry trends, and advisor education.


Find an Advisor

Atlanta
Los Angeles
Boston
New York
Houston





Markets




Markets
The latest markets news, real time quotes, financials and more.



Watchlist
Track stocks and ETFs
Add New Watchlist





Simulator




Stock Simulator
Trade with a starting balance of $100,000 and zero risk!



FX Trader
Trade the Forex market risk free using our free Forex trading simulator.






NEW
                                Academy
                            




Investopedia Academy
Learn from the world's leader in financial education
Check out all courses


Featured Courses



Become a day trader
Start Learning



Excel for Finance
Start Learning



Latest Courses

Become a Day Trader
Excel for Finance
Coming soon: Fundamental Investing
Coming soon: Financial Modeling
All Courses






















Site Log In


Advisor Insights Log In



Newsletters

























Pooled Funds









Share










































Loading the player...
















 

What are 'Pooled Funds'
Pooled funds are funds from many individual investors that are aggregated for the purposes of investment, as in the case of a mutual or pension fund. Investors in pooled fund investments benefit from economies of scale, which allow for lower trading costs per dollar of investment, diversification and professional money management. Along with the added costs involved in the form of management fees, the main detractor of pooled fund investments is that capital gains are spread evenly among all investors — sometimes at the expense of new shareholders.

      
BREAKING DOWN 'Pooled Funds'
      Groups such as investment clubs, partnerships and trusts use pooled funds to invest in stocks, bonds and mutual funds. The pooled account lets the investors be treated as a single account holder, allowing them to buy more shares.Pros and Cons of Pooled FundsGroups of investors can take advantage of opportunities typically available to only large investors. In addition, investors save on transaction costs and further diversify their portfolios. However, the individual investor has less control over the group’s investment decisions than he would making the decisions alone. In addition, each investor has different goals, risk levels and exit strategies. Therefore, not all group decisions are best for each individual in the group. Also, the group must reach a consensus before deciding what to purchase. When the market is volatile, taking the time and effort to reach an agreement can take away opportunities for quick profits or reducing potential losses.Advantages of Mutual FundsMutual funds spread their holdings across various investment vehicles, reducing the effect any single security or class of securities has on the overall portfolio. Because mutual funds contain hundreds or thousands of securities, investors are less affected if one security underperforms.Professionals manage non-index mutual funds, ensuring investors receive the best risk-return tradeoff aligning with their objectives. This helps investors who lack the time and knowledge for managing their own portfolios. Mutual funds allow reinvestment of dividends and interest for additional fund shares. The investor saves money by not paying transaction fees while growing his portfolio. Mutual funds also offer a range of investment options for the highly aggressive, mildly aggressive and risk-adverse investor. Most investors can purchase mutual funds to help meet their objectives.Disadvantages of Mutual FundsWhen investing in a mutual fund, an investor gives control to the money manager running it.An investor is taxed when the fund sells individual stocks and distributes capital gains. If the fund sells holdings often, capital gains distributions could happen annually, increasing an investor’s taxable income. Exceptions include investing via a traditional individual retirement account (IRA), Roth IRA or employer-sponsored plan such as a 401(k).Some mutual funds assess a load, or sales charge, on all purchases. All mutual funds charge annual expenses as the cost of doing business. Because the expense ratio is expressed as a percentage, the investor pays annually a portion of his account value, which lowers his gains.






  


 









 




Trading Center




















                                                    Mutual Fund                                            




                                                    Closed To New Accounts                                            




                                                    Investment Fund                                            




                                                    Managed Account                                            




                                                    Unitized Fund                                            




                                                    Exchange-Traded Mutual Funds                                            




                                                    Fund Supermarkets                                            




                                                    Equity Fund                                            




                                                    United States Treasury Money Mutual ...                                             




Next Up 

































 

Dictionary:
#
a
b
c
d
e
f
g
h
i
j
k
l
m
n
o
p
q
r
s
t
u
v
w
x
y
z




Content Library
Articles
Terms
Videos
Guides
Slideshows
FAQs
Calculators
Chart Advisor
Stock Analysis
Stock Simulator
FXtrader
Exam Prep Quizzer
Net Worth Calculator




Connect With Investopedia
























Work With Investopedia
About Us
Advertise With Us
Write For Us
Contact Us
Careers




Get Free Newsletters
Newsletters









Work With Investopedia
About Us
Advertise With Us
Write For Us
Contact Us
Careers



© 2017, Investopedia, LLC.

All Rights Reserved
Terms Of Use
Privacy Policy

































 


 

Gerald Appel's involvement in venture capital (via Marin International Opportunities Fund Lp, Sam Risk Managed Fund Llc - Marin U.s Equities Segregated Series, Sam Risk Managed Fund Llc - Marin Sector Investors Segregated Series, Sam Risk Managed Fund Llc - Marin Income Investors Segregated Series, Sam Risk Managed Fund Llc - Appel Value Investors Segregated Series, Sam Risk Managed Fund Llc - Appel Balanced Fund Segregated Series, Sam Risk Managed Fund Llc - Appel Sector Traders Segregated Series, Sam Risk Managed Fund Llc - Appel Strategic Total Return Segregated Series)































Want to see more?Want to find out who got funded, and who’s funding the next big thing? in real time? all across the world? tailored to your specific areas of focus?100+ deals per dayGet access to the most exhaustive worldwide funding watch on the web!Comprehensive funding informationKnow about who invested in a company, which sites covered the event, the funding history, etc.Exclusive insightsView original analytics such as most dynamic industries, most active investors, and more!Stay aware!Get emailed when deals critical to your business happen. Filter by region, industry and topics of interest.As seen onHave a login?Sign inRegister now!It's free!Use your social accountOr fill in the quick form:Register nowpromise we won't spamSign invia your social account:via your existing WGF account:Remember meRegister, it's freeForgot your password?SIGN INForgot your password?Enter your e-mail and we will send you your new password.reset passwordThe world's largest funding base/people/84107-gerald-appelsection=people&subsection=detail&id=84107




			Search deals by company name, industry, location, investors...			
			




SEARCH


GeraldAppelGet alertedif Gerald Appel gets funded!Gerald AppelMarin International Opportunities Fund Lp - Executive_OfficerSam Risk Managed Fund Llc - Marin U.s Equities Segregated Series - Executive OfficerSam Risk Managed Fund Llc - Marin Sector Investors Segregated Series - Executive OfficerSam Risk Managed Fund Llc - Marin Income Investors Segregated Series - Executive OfficerSam Risk Managed Fund Llc - Appel Value Investors Segregated Series - Executive OfficerSam Risk Managed Fund Llc - Appel Balanced Fund Segregated Series - Executive OfficerSam Risk Managed Fund Llc - Appel Sector Traders Segregated Series - Executive OfficerSam Risk Managed Fund Llc - Appel Strategic Total Return Segregated Series - Executive OfficerDeals involving Gerald Appel$470,500 raised with Marin International Opportunities Fund Lp on July, 2009$8,726,972 raised with Sam Risk Managed Fund Llc - Marin U.s Equities Segregated Series on October, 2012$3,715,047 raised with Sam Risk Managed Fund Llc - Marin Sector Investors Segregated Series on October, 2013$3,715,047 raised with Sam Risk Managed Fund Llc - Marin Sector Investors Segregated Series on October, 2012$23,792,785 raised with Sam Risk Managed Fund Llc - Marin Income Investors Segregated Series on October, 2013$23,431,562 raised with Sam Risk Managed Fund Llc - Marin Income Investors Segregated Series on October, 2012$8,769,309 raised with Sam Risk Managed Fund Llc - Appel Value Investors Segregated Series on October, 2013$1,288,586 raised with Sam Risk Managed Fund Llc - Appel Value Investors Segregated Series on October, 2012$5,296,745 raised with Sam Risk Managed Fund Llc - Appel Balanced Fund Segregated Series on October, 2013$4,971,776 raised with Sam Risk Managed Fund Llc - Appel Balanced Fund Segregated Series on October, 2012$1,288,586 raised with Sam Risk Managed Fund Llc - Appel Sector Traders Segregated Series on October, 2013$4,411,151 raised with Sam Risk Managed Fund Llc - Appel Strategic Total Return Segregated Series on October, 2015Please note that all data is automatically extracted and errors can occur.The WhoGotFunded team has not necessarily reviewed the information in this page and has not determined if it is accurate and complete.Some of the profile information was collected using the Crunchbase API. For more details on the profile, please check Gerald Appel on Crunchbase.Inaccurate Data? Help us improve WhoGotFunded: post a comment!




HedgeZ - Matching accredited investors with Hedge Fund































Fund 
Directory












# (current)
A (current)
B (current)
C (current)
D (current)
E (current)
F (current)
G (current)
H (current)
I (current)
J (current)
K (current)
L (current)
M (current)
N (current)
O (current)
P (current)
Q (current)
R (current)
S (current)
T (current)
U (current)
V (current)
W (current)
X (current)
Y (current)







S.W. Mitchell European Fund A EUR
S.W. Mitchell European Fund B USD
S.W. Mitchell Small Cap European Fund EUR
S.W. Mitchell Small Cap European Fund USD
SA2 Bellwether Core A USD
SA2 Bellwether Plus A USD
Sabal Special Situations Fund, LP
Sabre Dynamic Equity Fund
Sabre Global Opportunities Fund
Sabre Style Arbitrage GBP
SAC Global Energy & Mining Fund AUD
SAC Global Energy & Mining Fund CHF
SAC Global Energy & Mining Fund USD
Saddle Peak Investments, L.P.
Saemor Capital - Europe Alpha Fund Class A
Saemor Capital - Europe Alpha Fund Class B
SAGAT Capital (Diversified Systematic - Proprietary)
Sage Capital Core Convertible Arbitrage Fund
Sage Strategic Income L.P.
Sage Valley Capital Management
Sagil Latin American Opportunities Fund Class A
Sagil Latin American Opportunities Fund Class B
Saguenay Offshore Fund,  Ltd. Class A
SAIL Asia Equity Alpha Fund
SAIL Asia Pacific Managers Fund
SAIL Emerging Managers Fund
SAIL Flagship Fund
SAIL Topaz Fund
Salient MLP Fund LP
Salus Alpha Capital Ltd (Commodity Arbitrage (CAX))
Salus Alpha Capital Ltd (Directional Markets (DMX))
Salus Alpha Capital Ltd (Global Alpha (GAX))
Salus Alpha RN Special Situations (VT Class)
SAM I Fund Limited
Samena Credit Opportunities Fund Class A USD
Samena Credit Opportunities Fund Class E EUR
Samena Credit Opportunities Fund Class F CHF
Samphire Global Fund
Sanctum Fixed Income Fund
Sancus Capital Blue Credit Opportunities Fund, Ltd.
Sancus Capital Select Master Fund, Ltd.
Sandalwood Debt Fund A L.P.
Sandalwood Debt Fund B L.P.
Sandalwood Long/Short Fund L.P.
Sandalwood Special Credit Opportunities Fund LP
Sandbourne Fund Class EUR (Class C)
Sandbourne Fund Class GBP (Class A)
Sandbourne Fund Class USD (Class B)
Sandfly Partners, Ltd. 
Sandler Associates (Class A-U)
Sandler CRES I
Sandler Offshore Fund Class A
Sandler Plus Domestic Fund, L.P.
Sandler Plus Offshore Fund, Ltd.
Sandpiper Asset Management (SAM Liquid Fund)
Santa Fe Partners US Market Neutral 1X Strategy
Sapelo Asset Management Corp. (Sapelo MS Divers.)
Sapphire Voyager Fund, L.P.
Sapphire Voyager Offshore Fund, Ltd.
SAR Liquid Equity Alpha Managed Account 1x
SAR Liquid Equity Alpha Managed Account 2X
SAR Liquid Equity Alpha Managed Account 3X
SAR Multi Strategies SP
Satellite Capital Partners, LP
Sather Agriculture LP
Saturn Partners, LLC
Save Earth Fund
Savile Opportunity Fund International Limited
Savile Opportunity Fund, LP
Sax Angle Partners, LP
Saxon Investment Corporation (Aggressive Diversified)
Saxon Investment Corporation (Diversified)
SBIC Growth & Income Fund L.P.
SBIC Income Fund L.P.
SC Asian Opportunity Fund, L.P.
SC Convertible Bonds
SC Fundamental Value Fund L.P.
SC Modus C Defender Fund Class A - USD
SC Modus C Defender Fund Class B - EUR
SC Modus C Defender Fund Class C - CHF
Schad Comm. Futures & Options Trading Corp. (Ag - Prop)
Schafer Cullen Global Small Cap Value Ltd.
Schafer Cullen Global Small Cap Value, L.P.
Schindler Capital Management, LLC (Dairy Advantage)
Schindler Capital Management, LLC (Grain Advantage)
Schroder (SAS) UK Dynamic Absolute Return C Acc EUR Hedged
Schroder (SAS) UK Dynamic Absolute Return C Acc GBP
Schroder (SAS) UK Dynamic Absolute Return C Acc USD Hedged
Schroder ISF European Equity Absolute Return C Acc GBP Hedged
Schroder ISF European Equity Absolute Return Fund C Acc EUR
Schroder ISF European Equity Absolute Return Fund C Acc USD Hedg
Schultze Apex Fund L.P. Class A
Schultze Apex Offshore Fund, Ltd. Class A
Schultze Offshore Fund, Ltd.
Schultze Partners, L.P.
Sciens Global Diversified Fund USD A Class
Sciens Global Diversified Fund USD B Class
Sciens Global Strategic Fund Ltd
Scoggin Capital Management II LLC
Scoggin Overseas Fund, Ltd.
Scoggin Worldwide Distressed Fund LLC
Scoggin Worldwide Distressed Fund Ltd.
Scopia Long LLC
Scopia PX International Limited
Scopia PX LLC
Scott's Cove Special Credits Fund I L.P.
Scott's Cove Special Credits Offshore Fund I Limited
SCS Capital Partners, LLC
SCS Opportunities Fund, Ltd. (Class C)
SCS Special Situations Fund, LLC Class C
SCT Capital Management (Adaptive Quant Trading)
Seamark Fund LP
Seaside Capital Fund Ltd.
SEB Group (Asset Selection Fund)
Securis I Fund
Seedling Capital Partners, LP
Seedling Growth Partner, LP
Seer Capital Partners Master Fund LP
Seguridad Financiera (Golden Global Investment)
Select Contrarian Value Partners L.P.
Select Sector Plus
Seligman Health Spectrum Plus (Master) Fund
Seligman Tech Spectrum Fund LLC
Semper MBS Total Return Fund Institutional
Semper MBS Total Return Fund Investor Class
Semper MIDAS Fund, LP
Semper MIDAS Fund, Ltd
Seneca Invest AG (Vienna Global - Klimt Fund)
Seneca Invest AG (Willowdale Fund)
Senvest Israel Partners, L.P.
Senvest Partners, L.P.
Sequent Capital (Sequent CTA - Fundamental Divers. (V12))
Sequoia Capital Fund Management LLP (Systematic FX)
Sequoia Hill Capital Management (Diversified AP)
Sequoia Hill Capital Management (Gold AP)
Sequoia Hill Capital Management (Silver AP)
Serac, LLC (Diversified Reversal Program)
Serac, LLC (Gold Reversal Program)
Serenitas Credit Gamma Master Fund, LP
Serone Key Opportunities Fund A EUR
Seven Capital Management (BlackSnake)
Seven Capital Management (Seven Absolute Return Fund)
Seven Capital Management (Seven Fixed Income Fund)
Seven European Equity Fund
Seven Hills Capital Partners, LP
Seven Risk Allocation Fund
Seven US Equity
Sevenoaks Offshore Opportunities Fund (Series A)
Sevenoaks Opportunities Fund L.P. Class B
SFP Value Realization Fund Ltd. Class A
SH Capital Partners, L.P.
Shad Trading LLC (SHAD 1 (Proprietary))
Shah Capital Opportunity Fund LP
Shaked Opportunity Fund
Shared Enlightenment, Inc. (CopulaMax NetCreditOps I)
Shared Enlightenment, Inc. (CopulaMax NetDebitOps I)
Sharp Mountain Advisors, LLC (Diversified)
Sharpe 4 International, Ltd.
Sharpe 4 Opportunistic Value Fund, L.P.
Sharpe 4 Partners, L.P.
Sharpe+Signa LLC (Managed Currency)
Shepherd Energy AB (Shepherd Energy Portfolio)
Sheraton Partners, L.P.
Sherpa Diversified Returns Fund Class A
Sherpa Market Neutral Income Fund Class A
Shinnecock Futures Fund LP
Shinnecock Niche Opportunity Fund L.P.
Shoreline Fund I, L.P.
Shorepath Opportunity Partners LP
SIA Long-Term Investment Fund (Alpha CHF)
SIA Long-Term Investment Fund (Alpha EUR)
SIA Long-Term Investment Fund (Alpha GBP)
SIA Long-Term Investment Fund (Alpha USD)
SIA Long-Term Investment Fund (Emerging Market Value CHF)
SIA Long-Term Investment Fund (Emerging Market Value EUR)
SIA Long-Term Investment Fund (Emerging Market Value GBP)
SIA Long-Term Investment Fund (Emerging Market Value USD)
SIA Long-Term Investment Fund (Stability CHF - Income Plus)
SIA Long-Term Investment Fund (Stability Growth CHF)
SIA Long-Term Investment Fund Classic CHF
SIA Long-Term Investment Fund Classic EUR
SIA Long-Term Investment Fund Classic GBP
SIA Long-Term Investment Fund Classic USD
SIA Long-Term Investment Fund Natural Resources CHF
SIA Long-Term Investment Fund Natural Resources EUR
SIA Long-Term Investment Fund Natural Resources GBP
SIA Long-Term Investment Fund Natural Resources USD
Sibilla Capital - Global Class
Side Op, LLC
Sidewinder Investment AG (Sidewinder Energy Fund Ltd)
Siebels Hard Asset Fund (Cayman) Offshore
Siebels Hard Asset Fund Onshore
Sierra China Offshore, Ltd
Sierra Europe L.P. (Without Issues)
Sierra Europe Offshore Euro Class D
Sierra Europe Offshore USD Class C
Signet Global Fixed Income Fund Class  CHF
Signet Global Fixed Income Fund Class EUR
Signet Global Fixed Income Fund Class GBP
Signet Global Fixed Income Fund Class M CHF
Signet Global Fixed Income Fund Class M GBP
Signet Global Fixed Income Fund Class M USD
Signet Global Fixed Income Fund Class USD
Signet Global Fixed Income Fund Dividend Class GBP
Signet Global Multi Strategy Fund Class  EUR
Signet Global Multi Strategy Fund Class  USD
Signet Global Multi Strategy Fund Class GBP
Silicon Valley Quant. Advisors (CSQP - Prop.)
Silicon Valley Quantitative Advisors (UQP Large)
Silicon Valley Quantitative Advisors (UQP Small)
Silk African Lions Fund (Institutional) EUR
Silk African Lions Fund (Institutional) USD
Silk Arab Falcons Fund (Institutional) EUR
Silk Global Frontier Fund
Silk Road Frontiers
Silk Road Income Fund (Institutional) USD
Silver Capital Fund (Offshore), Ltd.
Silver Capital Fund LLC
Silverback Arbitrage Fund Limited
Silverback Arbitrage Fund LLC
Silvercove Hard Asset Fund L.P.
Silvercrest Emerging Markets Fund
Silvercrest Emerging Markets Fund (International)
Silvercrest Global Opportunities Fund, L.P.
Silvercrest Hedged Equity Fund
Silvercrest Hedged Equity Fund (International)
Silverdale Bond Fund Class E
Silverdale Equity Fund Class G
Silverdale Fixed Income Fund Class J
Sinfonietta Class A
SinoPac Asset Mgmt (Asia) Ltd (Multi Strat Quant Fund)
Sio Partners, LP
SIPCO Capital Appreciation Portfolio
SIPCO Global Macro Portfolio
Sirius Global Active Fund (USD)
Sivik Healthcare Offshore Fund, LTD
Sivik Healthcare Partners, L.P.
Skenderbeg Funds AGmvK - Skenderbeg Fund
Skopos HG Fund LLC
SkyBridge Multi-Adviser Hedge Fund Portfolios LLC - Series G
SLG International Opportunities, LLC
SLS Investors, L.P.
SM Investors II LP
SM Investors, L.P.
Small Cap Dynamic Tactical Asset Allocation 
SMC China New Market Fund SP I
SMC China Opportunity Fund I (B)
Smith Street Capital I, LP
SMN Diversified Futures Fund
Snow Capital Investment Partners L.P. Class B
Snow Fund One, LLC Class A
Snyder Brown Capital, LP
SOAM Multi-Manager Specialist Fund, L.P.
Soaring Pelican (Automated Futures Trading)
Sofire Fund Ltd
Solaise Capital Management LLP (Systematic Fund)
Solar Global Strategy Ordinary Class A Share Fund
Solar Japan/Asia Institutional Class B Share Fund
Solar Japan/Asia Ordinary Class B Share Fund
Somers Brothers Capital, LLC (Diversified Futures #1)
Somerset Special Opportunities Fund LP
Sona Trading (Sona Trading Strategies)
Sophic Associates, LLC (Macro)
Sothic Capital European Opportunities Fund Limited Class A
Southpaw Credit Opportunity Fund (FTE) Ltd.
Southpaw Credit Opportunity Partners L.P.
Southwest Mngd Invest., LLC (Global Diversified)
Sparta Ciclico Fundo De Investimento Multimercado
Sparta Dinamico FIM
Sparta Global Funds - Trends SP - Class B
Spartan APQ Emerging Markets Value and Income Fund
Spartan Fund Management Inc. (Dorset Fund)
Spartan Multi Strategy Fund (Class I)
SPARX Long-Short Fund Ltd. JPY
SPARX Long-Short Fund Ltd. USD
Specialised Russian Growth Limited
Spectrum Master Fund, Ltd. 
Sphera Fund
Sphera Global Healthcare Fund Class A
SPI Capital Preservation, L.P.
Spinnaker Global Emerging Markets Fund Ltd.
Spinnaker Global Opportunity Fund Ltd.
Spitfire Fund LP
Splendor Capital Management Ltd. (Credence Global)
Splendor Capital Mgmt Ltd. (Credence Oriental LP)
Splitrock Aggressive
Splitrock Moderate
SPM Core
SPM Opportunity Fund
SPM Structured Servicing Holdings, L.P.
Spotlight Catalyst Fund LP
Spring Valley Asset Management (Tactical Trend Portfolio)
Sprott Capital L.P. USD
Sprott Energy Fund Series A
Sprott Enhanced Long Short Equity Fund
Sprott Gold and Precious Minerals Fund
Sprott Offshore Fund Ltd. USD
Sprott Small Cap Hedge Fund
SPX Fund SPC - Segregated Portfolio Eagle
SPX Fund SPC - Segregated Portfolio Viper
Spyder Capital Partners, LP
Squarepoint Global Equities
SSARIS Advisors, LLC (Active Commodity Strategy)
SSARIS Global Macro & CTA Strategy
SSARIS Multi Manager Global Long/Short Equity Strategy
SSARIS Multi Manager Relative Value Strategy
SSARIS Multi-Manager Absolute Return Strategy
SSARIS Multi-Strategy Program
SSCG Africa Opportunities Master Fund LP
St Hugh's Capital Partners, LP
Stafford SICAV - Global Equity Fund Class I EUR
Stafford SICAV - Global Equity Fund Class R EUR
Stafford SICAV Global Equity Fund USD R
Star Navigator Investments, Ltd.
Star Navigator Investments, Ltd. Class C
STB Japan Long-Short Fund I Alpha JPY
STB Japan Long-Short Fund I Alpha USD
STB Japan Long-Short Fund I JPY
Stealth Capital Fund, LP
Steamboat Capital Partners Fund LP
Steelhead Navigator Fund, L.P.
Steelhead Navigator Fund, Ltd.
Steelhead Pathfinder Fund
Stella Capital Offshore Fund, Ltd.
Stella Capital Partners L.P.
Stenger Capital Management, LLC (Diversified Trading)
Stenham Asia Fund (EUR)
Stenham Asia Fund (GBP)
Stenham Asia Fund (USD)
Stenham Credit Opportunities USD
Stenham Emerging Markets USD-B
Stenham Emerging Markets USD-B1
Stenham Gold USD Fund
Stenham Growth Portfolio (EUR)
Stenham Growth Portfolio (GBP)
Stenham Growth Portfolio (USD)
Stenham Healthcare EUR
Stenham Healthcare USD
Stenham Helix Fund (EUR)
Stenham Helix Fund (USD)
Stenham Managed EUR
Stenham Managed GBP
Stenham Managed USD
Stenham Multi-Strategy Fund (EUR)
Stenham Multi-Strategy Fund (GBP)
Stenham Multi-Strategy Fund (USD)
Stenham Quadrant GBP Class
Stenham Quadrant USD Class A
Stenham Quadrant USD Class B
Stenham Trading Inc. (Class A USD)
Stenham Trading Inc. (Class B GBP)
Stenham Trading Inc. (Class C EUR)
Stenham Trading Inc. (Class G SGD)
Stenham Trading Inc. (USD)
Stenham Universal II Portfolio Inc. (Class H SGD)
Stenham Universal II Portfolio Inc. (EUR)
Stenham Universal II Portfolio Inc. (GBP)
Stenham Universal II Portfolio Inc. (USD)
Stenham Universal Portfolio Inc. (EUR)
Stenham Universal Portfolio Inc. (GBP)
Stenham Universal Portfolio Inc. (USD)
Stern & Stern Securities, Inc.
Steyn Capital Africa Fund Class B
Steyn Capital Emerging and Frontier Markets Fund
Steyn Capital SA Fund
Stone Beach Special Opportunity Fund LLC
Stone Mountain Partners, Ltd
Stone Toro Alpha Event Fund LP
StoneWater Capital Asia (Ex-Japan) LLC
StoneWater Capital Greater China LLC
StoneWater Capital Opportunities Fund, LP
Storehouse Financial Absolute Return
Strand Asset Management (Strand  Fund)
Strategic Ag Trading (Balanced Program)
Strategic Ag Trading (Grains)
Strategic Ag Trading (Heartland)
Strategic Asset Alliance LP
Strategic Balance Partners, LP
Strategic China Panda Fund
Strategis VAULT Global Macro Fund Limited
Strategos Deep Value MBS Composite
Strategos Fund, L.P.
Strategos Offshore, Ltd.
Strategy HG Long & Short Fund, LLC
Strateji Long Only Equity Fund
Strateji Long/Short Equity Fund
Stratton Street PCC Japan Synthetic Warrant Fund JPY
Stratton Street PCC Japan Synthetic Warrant Fund USD
Stratton Street PCC Japan Synthetic Warrant GBP Hedged Class
Stratton Street PCC Japan Synthetic Warrant USD Hedged Class
Striker-Equity Mkt Ntrl US Dollar Hedge - USD Shares
STRM Capital Management, LLC (STRM Capital Fund, LP)
Structured Markets Inc. (Client Account)
Structured Markets Inc. (Proprietary Account)
STS Partners Fund
Sturgeon Central Asia Balanced Fund
Sturgeon Central Asia Fund Class A
Sturgeon Central Asia Fund Class B
Sturgeon Central-Asia Equities Fund
SummerHaven Investment Mgmt (Commodity Abs. Return)
Summit Consumer Receivables Fund, L.P.
Summit Offshore Water Equity Fund, Ltd.
Summit Private Investments I, L.P.
Summit Private Investments II, L.P.
Summit Water Equity Fund, L.P.
Summit Water Long Only
SunMoon Capital, LP
Sunrise Asymmetric US Equities Program
Sunrise Capital Partners (Evolution)
Super Cycle Long Short Fund JPY
Superfund Asset Mgmt GmbH (Green A EUR SICAV)
Superfund Asset Mgmt GmbH (Green B EUR SICAV)
Superfund Asset Mgmt GmbH (Green B USD SICAV)
Superfund Asset Mgmt GmbH (Green C EUR SICAV)
Superfund Asset Mgmt GmbH (Green C USD SICAV)
Superfund Asset Mgmt. GmbH (Green A USD SICAV)
Superfund Asset Mgmt. GmbH (Green GCT EUR)
Superfund Asset Mgmt. GmbH (Green GCT USD)
Superfund Blue SPC Class A (EUR)
Superfund Blue SPC Class A (Gold EUR)
Superfund Blue SPC Class A (USD)
Superfund Capital Management (Green Gold A SPC)
Superfund Capital Management (Green Gold B SPC)
Superfund Capital Management (Green Gold C SPC)
Superfund Capital Management (Green Master)
Superfund Capital Management (Green SPC B USD)
Superfund Capital Management (Green SPC C EUR)
Superfund Capital Management (Green SPC C USD)
Superfund Capital Management (Superfund  Green HF A)
Superfund Capital Management (Superfund Green LP A)
Superfund Capital Management (Superfund Green LP B)
Superfund Capital Mgmt (Green SPC A USD)
Superfund Trading Management (Green A Genussschein)
Superfund Trading Management (Green B Genussschein)
Superfund Trading Management (Green C Genussschein)
Superfund Trading Management (Green Q-AG)
Susa European Equities Fund
Sustainable Capital Africa Alpha Fund
Sustainable Capital Africa Consumer Fund
Sustainable Capital Nigeria Fund
Sutton View Capital, LP
SVM Highlander Fund Plc EUR
SW Contego Fund, LLC
SW Global Credit Opportunity Fund LLC
SW Global Credit Opportunity Fund Ltd.
SW8 Strategy Fund LP Class A
SW8 Strategy Fund LP Class B
SW8 Strategy Trust Class A
SW8 Strategy Trust Class B
Swiss Alpha SICAV Strategy Europe
Swiss Hedge Luxtrade D EUR
Swiss Hedge Trading Fund Class A CHF
Swiss Hedge Trading Fund Class A EUR
Swiss Hedge Trading Fund Class D CHF
Swiss Hedge Trading Fund Class D EUR
Swiss Hedge Twintrade D CHF
Swiss Hedge Twintrade D EUR
Swiss Hedge Twintrade D USD
Swiss Managed Futures (Equity Index Gap Trade)
Swiss Select Global Equity Fund
Swiss Wealth Advisors (Trend Follower Future Fund I)
Swiss-Asia Asian Consumer Fund Class 1 USD
Swiss-Asia Asian Consumer Fund Class 2 USD
Swiss-Asia Growth Equity Fund A EUR
Swiss-Asia Growth Equity Fund A USD
Swiss-Asia Growth Fixed Income Fund C EUR
Swiss-Asia Growth Fixed Income Fund C USD
SwissDirekt (Auctus)
SWMC Emerging European Fund Institutional
SWMC European Fund
SWMC Small Cap European Fund
SWMC UK Fund
Sy.R.I.O. Ltd (SyMA (Systematic Multi-asset Allocation))
Symmetry Global Trading Opportunities Fund
Symphony Bravura 99 Fund, L.P.
Symphony Event Driven Opportunities Fund (Offshore)
Symphony Event Driven Opportunities Fund L.P. (Onshore)
Symphony Long-Short Credit (Offshore) Fund Ltd
Symphony Long-Short Credit Fund L.P.
Symphony Rhapsody Fund, L.P.
Synaptic Medical Fund, L.P.
Synthesis Multi-Asset Architecture UnCor Ret A-USD
Systematic Absolute Return AG (SAR Volatility Arbitrage)
Systematic Absolute Return AG (Short-Term)
Systematic Alpha Futures Fund Ltd - A (Standard Lev.)
Systematic Alpha Futures Fund Ltd - B (Double Leverage)
Systematic Alpha Multi-Strategy Futures Fund, Ltd - A
Systematic Alpha Multi-Strategy Futures Fund, Ltd - B
SYstematic FOrecasting of GLObal MAcro Developments Limited
Systematic Hybrid Strategy
Systematic Management Ltd (Currencies)
SYW L.P.




Scoggin Worldwide Distressed Fund LLC
Scoggin Worldwide Distressed Fund Ltd.
Scopia Long LLC
Scopia PX International Limited
Scopia PX LLC
Scott's Cove Special Credits Fund I L.P.
Scott's Cove Special Credits Offshore Fund I Limited
SCS Capital Partners, LLC
SCS Opportunities Fund, Ltd. (Class C)
SCS Special Situations Fund, LLC Class C
SCT Capital Management (Adaptive Quant Trading)
Seamark Fund LP
Seaside Capital Fund Ltd.
SEB Group (Asset Selection Fund)
Securis I Fund
Seedling Capital Partners, LP
Seedling Growth Partner, LP
Seer Capital Partners Master Fund LP
Seguridad Financiera (Golden Global Investment)
Select Contrarian Value Partners L.P.
Select Sector Plus
Seligman Health Spectrum Plus (Master) Fund
Seligman Tech Spectrum Fund LLC
Semper MBS Total Return Fund Institutional
Semper MBS Total Return Fund Investor Class
Semper MIDAS Fund, LP
Semper MIDAS Fund, Ltd
Seneca Invest AG (Vienna Global - Klimt Fund)
Seneca Invest AG (Willowdale Fund)
Senvest Israel Partners, L.P.
Senvest Partners, L.P.
Sequent Capital (Sequent CTA - Fundamental Divers. (V12))
Sequoia Capital Fund Management LLP (Systematic FX)
Sequoia Hill Capital Management (Diversified AP)
Sequoia Hill Capital Management (Gold AP)
Sequoia Hill Capital Management (Silver AP)
Serac, LLC (Diversified Reversal Program)
Serac, LLC (Gold Reversal Program)
Serenitas Credit Gamma Master Fund, LP
Serone Key Opportunities Fund A EUR
Seven Capital Management (BlackSnake)
Seven Capital Management (Seven Absolute Return Fund)
Seven Capital Management (Seven Fixed Income Fund)
Seven European Equity Fund
Seven Hills Capital Partners, LP
Seven Risk Allocation Fund
Seven US Equity
Sevenoaks Offshore Opportunities Fund (Series A)
Sevenoaks Opportunities Fund L.P. Class B
SFP Value Realization Fund Ltd. Class A
SH Capital Partners, L.P.
Shad Trading LLC (SHAD 1 (Proprietary))
Shah Capital Opportunity Fund LP
Shaked Opportunity Fund
Shared Enlightenment, Inc. (CopulaMax NetCreditOps I)
Shared Enlightenment, Inc. (CopulaMax NetDebitOps I)
Sharp Mountain Advisors, LLC (Diversified)
Sharpe 4 International, Ltd.
Sharpe 4 Opportunistic Value Fund, L.P.
Sharpe 4 Partners, L.P.
Sharpe+Signa LLC (Managed Currency)
Shepherd Energy AB (Shepherd Energy Portfolio)
Sheraton Partners, L.P.
Sherpa Diversified Returns Fund Class A
Sherpa Market Neutral Income Fund Class A
Shinnecock Futures Fund LP
Shinnecock Niche Opportunity Fund L.P.
Shoreline Fund I, L.P.
Shorepath Opportunity Partners LP
SIA Long-Term Investment Fund (Alpha CHF)
SIA Long-Term Investment Fund (Alpha EUR)
SIA Long-Term Investment Fund (Alpha GBP)
SIA Long-Term Investment Fund (Alpha USD)
SIA Long-Term Investment Fund (Emerging Market Value CHF)
SIA Long-Term Investment Fund (Emerging Market Value EUR)
SIA Long-Term Investment Fund (Emerging Market Value GBP)
SIA Long-Term Investment Fund (Emerging Market Value USD)
SIA Long-Term Investment Fund (Stability CHF - Income Plus)
SIA Long-Term Investment Fund (Stability Growth CHF)
SIA Long-Term Investment Fund Classic CHF
SIA Long-Term Investment Fund Classic EUR
SIA Long-Term Investment Fund Classic GBP
SIA Long-Term Investment Fund Classic USD
SIA Long-Term Investment Fund Natural Resources CHF
SIA Long-Term Investment Fund Natural Resources EUR
SIA Long-Term Investment Fund Natural Resources GBP
SIA Long-Term Investment Fund Natural Resources USD
Sibilla Capital - Global Class
Side Op, LLC
Sidewinder Investment AG (Sidewinder Energy Fund Ltd)
Siebels Hard Asset Fund (Cayman) Offshore
Siebels Hard Asset Fund Onshore
Sierra China Offshore, Ltd
Sierra Europe L.P. (Without Issues)
Sierra Europe Offshore Euro Class D
Sierra Europe Offshore USD Class C
Signet Global Fixed Income Fund Class  CHF
Signet Global Fixed Income Fund Class EUR
Signet Global Fixed Income Fund Class GBP
Signet Global Fixed Income Fund Class M CHF

















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft















Global Managed Volatility Fund | Lazard Asset Management










































 Site: UK Institutional Investor | Change Site >

  Client Portal | Login > 




Search

Search LazardNet







        Irish Funds – Global
        

Global Managed Volatility Fund



Fund Overview
Investment Team





Lazard’s Global Managed Volatility Fund is a diversified global equity strategy that seeks to produce stable, equity returns with total risk well below market levels. The consistent emphasis of the strategy is on the creation of alpha in a low volatility equity portfolio. Stocks are selected for the portfolio using a proprietary, quantitatively-based, multi-factor investment process that favors stocks with below average risk characteristics. The portfolio is well diversified across economic sectors without adherence to a traditional market capitalization weighted benchmark.
Why choose Lazard Global Managed Volatility Fund?

Expects to match market-cap returns over a market cycle while realizing 30% to 40% lower risk
Provides a liquid and transparent solution, designed to protect your assets in extreme market events
Active management overlay of our quantitative process



Marketing Literature


Fact Sheet





Manager Letter








Share Class Details
Latest Prices



Share Class 


ISIN Code
SEDOL

        Price 
        
          
      

        Change
        
          
      
Date




A Acc USD



IE00B563W456
B563W45
182.0355


        -0.0697

        
▼
▲
■

26.07.2017




A Acc CHF Hedged



IE00BYNV4M71
BYNV4M7



▼
▲
■






A Acc EUR



IE00B3ZKMN25
B3ZKMN2
111.7052


        0.2608

        
▼
▲
■

26.07.2017




A Dist EUR



IE00B78DTV37
B78DTV3
108.8291


        0.2542

        
▼
▲
■

26.07.2017




A Acc GBP Hedged



IE00BYSXVJ44
BYSXVJ4
111.7131


        -0.0499

        
▼
▲
■

26.07.2017




A Dist USD



IE00B78BTM89
B78BTM8
113.9138


        -0.0436

        
▼
▲
■

26.07.2017







Prices shown are historic, as at 16:00 UK time on the date shown. They exclude initial dealing charges and other charges that might be applicable.

 



Fund Information
Fund Aim

The investment objective of the Fund is to seek long-term capital growth with lower volatility than the market, over a full economic cycle, through investment in an actively managed, long-only, equity portfolio. In this context the market is represented by the MSCI World Index. 

Benchmark
MSCI World Index
Launch Date
12 December 2011
Fund Size
US$182.58m
Base Fund Currency
USD
Distribution Date
April, October






A Share Class

Initial Charge
0.00%
Annual Management Charge
0.65%





Fund Literature

Strategy Profile

Key Investor Information Document

Supplementary Information Document
Prospectus
Prospectus Supplement
Constitution
Application Form - Corporates/Trusts/Charities
Fund Schedule Supplement
Reports & Accounts - Annual
Reports & Accounts - Interim
EGM Notice (3 Feb 2017) 
Share Class Name Change Guide 


 









Paul Moghtader, CFA
Managing Director, Portfolio Manager/Analyst

Paul Moghtader is a Portfolio Manager/Analyst on Lazard's Equity Advantage team. He began working in the investment field in 1992. Prior to joining Lazard in 2007, Paul was Head of the Global Active Equity Group and a Senior Portfolio Manager at State Street Global Advisors (SSgA). At SSgA Paul was the senior manager responsible for the research and portfolio management of all multi-regional active quantitative equity strategies. Previously, Paul was an analyst at State Street Bank. He began his career at Dain Bosworth as a research assistant. Paul has a Master of Management (MM) from Northwestern University and a BA in Economics from Macalester College.








Taras Ivanenko, CFA
Director, Portfolio Manager/Analyst

Taras Ivanenko is a Portfolio Manager/Analyst on Lazard's Equity Advantage team. He began working in the investment field in 1995. Prior to joining Lazard in 2007, Taras was a Senior Portfolio Manager in the Global Active Equity group at State Street Global Advisors (SSgA). Earlier at SSgA, he was a Principal and Senior Application Development Architect in the Equity Systems group. Previously, Taras was an analyst in Quantitative Research and Trading Systems at Oxbridge Research. He has a Ph.D. in Physics from Massachusetts Institute of Technology and an Engineer-Physicist degree from Moscow Physical-Technical Institute.








Ciprian Marin
Director, Portfolio Manager/Analyst

Ciprian Marin is a Portfolio Manager/Analyst on Lazard's Equity Advantage team. He began working in the investment field in 1997. Prior to joining Lazard in 2008, Ciprian was a Senior Portfolio Manager at State Street Global Advisors (SSgA), managing European, UK and Global funds. He was also responsible for quantitative research on the European team of the Global Active Equity Group. Prior to joining SSgA, Ciprian was a Quantitative Analyst at Citigroup where he focused on developing stock selection models, statistical arbitrage trading strategies and factor research. Previously, he was a quantitative research associate at Nikko Salomon Smith Barney. Ciprian has an MBA in Finance from the International University of Japan and a BS in International Economics from the Academy of Economic Studies Bucharest. Ciprian is a Certified Investment Adviser (UK). He holds FINRA (formerly NASD) Series 7 and JASDA Series 2 licenses.








Chris Pope
Director, Client Portfolio Manager

Chris Pope is a Client Portfolio Manager, Product Manager and Business Manager of Lazard's Equity Advantage team. He began working in the investment field in 1976. Prior to joining Lazard in 2007, Chris was President at Boston Private Value Investors. Prior to that he was at State Street Global Advisors (SSgA) for 18 years, where he served as Director of US Institutional Sales, Client Service and Consultant Relations. Previously, Chris worked in institutional Sales and Marketing for Travelers Insurance Company. He has a BA from the University of Pennsylvania.








Craig Scholl, CFA
Director, Portfolio Manager/Analyst

Craig Scholl is a Portfolio Manager/Analyst on Lazard's Equity Advantage team. He began working in the investment field in 1984. Prior to joining Lazard in 2007, Craig was a Principal and a Senior Portfolio Manager in the Global Active Equity group at State Street Global Advisors (SSgA). Previously he was Managing Director of Public Equities for the Virginia Retirement System, where he was responsible for internally and externally managed portfolios. Prior to that, Craig was a pension investment manager for two large corporations. He also worked as a consultant with InterSec Research and a vice president in data analytics at Lynch, Jones & Ryan. Craig has a BS in Finance and Public Communications from Syracuse University. He is a member of the Boston Security Analysts Society.








Susanne Willumsen
Managing Director, Portfolio Manager/Analyst

Susanne Willumsen is a Portfolio Manager/Analyst on Lazard's Equity Advantage team. She began working in the investment field in 1993.  Prior to joining Lazard in 2008, Susanne was Managing Director, Head of Active Equities Europe with State Street Global Advisors (SSgA). During her 13 year tenure at SSgA, Susanne was responsible for the research and portfolio management of all UK and European equity strategies. Prior to joining SSgA Susanne traded equity derivatives for the proprietary desk at Investcorp. Susanne received an MSc in Shipping, Trade and Finance from City University and a BSc in Management Studies from the University of Surrey.








Peter Kashanek
Director, Client Portfolio Manager

Peter Kashanek is a Client Portfolio Manager on Lazard's Equity Advantage team. He began working in the investment field in 1994. Prior to joining Lazard in 2007, Peter was a Principal and a Portfolio Manager in the Global Active Equity group at State Street Global Advisors (SSgA). Previously, Peter was an investment analyst in the Institutional Equity Research Group at Bank of Montreal where he focused on global energy companies. Prior to that, he was an Associate in the Global Equity Research Group at Deutsche Bank Securities. Peter also worked at Reliant Energy in Houston as a member of its Corporate Development team. Peter has an MBA with a concentration in Finance from Vanderbilt University and a BA in Government from St. Lawrence University.








Alex Lai, CFA
Senior Vice President, Portfolio Manager/Analyst

Alex Lai is a Portfolio Manager/Analyst on Lazard's Equity Advantage team. He began working in the investment field in 2002. Prior to joining Lazard in 2008, Alex was a Vice President and Quantitative Portfolio Manager in the Global Active Equity group at State Street Global Advisors (SSgA). Prior to that, Alex was an investment-banking analyst at Lehman Brothers Asia in Hong Kong. He has an MSc in Finance from Boston College and a BBA (Hons) in Finance and Accounting from the University of Michigan, Ann Arbor.








Jason Williams, CFA
Senior Vice President, Portfolio Manager/Analyst

Jason Williams is a Portfolio Manager/Analyst on Lazard's Equity Advantage team.  He began working in the investment field in 2001. Prior to joining Lazard in 2008, Jason was a Quantitative Portfolio Manager in the Pan European Active Equities group with State Street Global Advisors (SSgA), focusing on model development and performance evaluation. Earlier at SSgA, he was a Portfolio Analyst within Active European Operations. He has an MA in Finance and Investment from the University of Exeter and a BSc Honours in Mathematics from Coventry University. Jason is a member of the CFA Institute and the UK Society of Investment Professionals (UKSIP).


 






This is a financial promotion and is not intended to constitute investment advice.
Past performance is not a reliable indicator of future results. The value of investments and the income from them can fall as well as rise and you may not get back the amount you invested. Investing in equities may lead towards higher returns in the long term. However considerable fluctuations can apply to equity prices resulting in a greater risk that you may not get your money back. Fluctuations in the rate of exchange between the Fund's base currency, the currency of the Fund's investments, your share class and the currency of the country in which you live may have the effect of causing the value of your investment to diminish or increase. The securities markets may be less developed in emerging markets and there is a greater risk that the fund may experience delays in buying, selling and claiming ownership of its investments. Emerging markets may also have less developed political, economic and legal systems and there is a higher risk that the Fund may not get back its money back. 

The Lazard Global Managed Volatility Fund is a sub-fund of Lazard Global Active Funds plc. Lazard Global Active Funds plc is an investment company with variable capital structured as an umbrella fund with segregated liability between sub–funds incorporated with limited liability and  is authorised  by the Central Bank of Ireland. LGAF is recognised in the UK by the Financial Conduct Authority under section 264 of the Financial Services & Markets Act 2000 (“FSMA”) for the purposes of the marketing of the Company within the UK. The Central Bank of Ireland regulates all other aspects of the funds operations. Subscriptions may only be based on the current prospectus. There will be no right to cancel any agreement under the FCA cancellation rules. Compensation under the Financial Services Compensation Scheme will not be available. Copies of the Key Investor Information Document, Prospectus and Report & Accounts are available in English and other languages where relevant from the address below or at www.lazardassetmanagement.co.uk. For the year beginning 1 April 2011 the Fund has applied to HMRC for Offshore Fund Reporting status for certain share classes. This is relevant to UK taxpayers. Please consult your independent financial adviser or the Fund Manager if you require further information.
There can be no assurance that the Fund's objectives or performance target will be achieved.Issued and approved by Lazard Asset Management Limited, 50 Stratton Street, London W1J 8LL. Incorporated in England and Wales, registered number 525667. Authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority. 










Legal
Accessibility
Careers
Contact Us


Other Country Sites
Germany
Japan
Australia
Korea
US
Global























 Factsheets 


 




Lazard Developing Markets Equity Fund









Lazard Developing Markets Equity Fund









Select date  

August
July
June
May
March


2014
2013
2012
2011
2010











Institutional Acc USD

















  
            





CLOSE 










Key Investor Information Document

Lazard Developing Markets Equity Fund
Select share class(es)





Retail C Acc USD



Retail C Dis USD



Institutional Acc USD



Retail C Acc GBP



Retail C Dis GBP



Institutional Acc GBP



Institutional Dis GBP



Institutional Acc EUR



Institutional Dis EUR






DOWNLOAD




CLOSE 












Key Investor Information Document




Select share class(es)










CLOSE








Application Form

You must confirm that you have received and read the Key Investor Information Document (KIID) for each share class of the fund in which you wish to invest on the Application Form. Please select the relevant shares class using the drop down menu below.
The Supplementary Information Document provides a summary of additional information you should be aware of before investing with us and is included when you download a KIID.




Select share class

Click here for a guide to the share classes Lazard offers.



Selected KIID


Other documents included in download:

Supplementary Information Document




Application Form












CLOSE







Factsheets




Select date
----
--








CLOSE

//////site-chooser////////



Choose User Type Change Country

To help us provide you with the information you're looking for please select one of the following options.


UK Retail Investor
Information on the Lazard range of funds for retail investors.


UK Intermediaries
Information on the Lazard range of funds for UK Intermediaries.


UK Institutional Investor
Information on the Lazard range of funds for institutional investors, investment consultants and charities.
 




//////end site-chooser////////
//////terms-popup////////







Terms & Conditions Change Country
Please read the important information below
This site is not intended for United States persons. United States persons should return to the global home page.
Do you agree to these Site Terms and Conditions below and confirm that you are a Professional Investor and that you accept our use of your personal data and cookies as outlined in these Site Terms and Conditions?



I Agree
I Disagree









//////terms-popup////////


















Peer-to-Peer Small Business Lending &verbar; Funding Circle    Your business is exceptional.Your business loan experience should be too.Pictured: Dr. Celina Hatt of Pawsh Place Veterinary Center.Get a business loan of up to $500,00025,000 businesses globally already have.Get a business loanAffordable: term business loans starting at 4.99%Transparent: no hidden fees or prepayment penaltiesFast: apply in 10 minutes and receive a decision in as little as 24 hoursPersonal: dedicated support from your personal loan specialistInvest in successful small businessesMore than 60,000 people globally already have.Invest your moneyAttractive returnsAccess to a new asset class: secured term business loans underwritten by seasoned underwriters using robust data analyticsTransparency and control: passive and active online investment optionsOver $3 billion lent to small businesses globallyWe are building a better financial world. We connect investors to great American small businesses looking for capital through the Funding Circle online marketplace, and together, we help grow the economy.Learn more “With Funding Circle, I was able to bring yet another doctor on board… and open a children’s mental health center. That right there is rapid growth — thank you, Funding Circle.”Dr. Tonya Knox–Frazier of ExpressCare PediatricsWatch videoSmall Business Borrowers’ Bill of RightsOur mission is to build a better financial world, and we are proud to partner with industry leaders to set the first-ever gold standard for responsible business lending.Learn moreAs featured in…How it works



Home | Eaton Vance Funds


























































Use of cookies by Eaton Vance Management (International) LimitedWe use cookies to deliver our online services. Details and instructions on how to disable those cookies are set out here. By continuing to use this website you agree to our use of our cookies unless you have disabled them.accept cookies














Go to:


Eaton Vance U.S. Home

Eaton Vance U.S. HomeU.S Institutions HomeEaton Vance U.S. FundsU.S. Charitable HomeOffshore HomeGlobal Home













InvestorAccount Access 
Investment Professional Sign In










































Performance always matters
At Eaton Vance, we seek to deliver consistent, highly competitive risk-adjusted returns across asset classes, investment disciplines and market cycles.

SEE RESULTS






Advisory Blog
Valuable market insight, delivered daily
Follow us for real-time market commentary and independent insight from our portfolio managers and thought leaders.

SEE LATEST POST






Calvert Research and Management†
Leader in Responsible Investing
Calvert offers one of the largest and most diversified families of responsibly invested mutual funds, encompassing actively and passively managed U.S. and international equity strategies, fixed-income strategies and asset allocation funds.

LEARN MORE 









Advisor Top-of-Mind Index
Tap into the real-time perspectives of over 1,000 financial advisors. Our quarterly "ATOMIX" survey explores the importance of four key investing issues and tracks trends over time.

SEE RESULTS






NextShares™ Exchange-Traded Managed Funds
A leap forward for active investing
Eaton Vance now offers Stock NextShares (EVSTC), Global Income Builder NextShares (EVGBC) and, TABS 5-to-15 Year Laddered Municipal Bond NextShares (EVLMC).

LEARN MORE






Investment Tax Center
Your investment decisions. Your tax consequences.
Did you know that taxes can consume more than 50 cents of every dollar earned by investors? The good news is that some straightforward steps could help you bring that number down significantly.

LEARN MORE






The Advisor Institute: Coach’s Corner
Taking client relationships to the next level  
• Nurture relationships
• Inspire conviction
• Attract new clients
Elevate the success of your practice.

SEE THE LATEST INSIGHT










Performance always matters

Advisory Blog

Calvert

Advisor Top-of-Mind Index

NextShares

Investment Tax Center

Coach’s Corner

































 

 
Lipper Fund Awards 2017 for Eaton Vance and Calvert Funds0
Browse our mutual funds that earned 2017 Thomson Reuters Lipper Fund Awards.





Calvert Ultra-Short Income Fund (CULYX)
10 Years | Out of 21 Ultra-Short Obligation Funds
			 

			Calvert Global Water Fund (CFWYX)
3 Years | Out of 25 Global Natural Resources Funds
			 

			Hexavest Global Equity Fund (EHGIX)
3 Years | Out of 14 Global Large-Cap Value Funds
			 

			Emerging Markets Debt Opportunities Fund (EELDX)
3 Years | Out of 18 Emerging Markets Local Currency Debt Funds


TABS 5-to-15 Year Laddered Municipal Bond Fund (EILTX)*
3 Years | Out of 61 Intermediate Municipal Debt Funds
			 

			Short Duration Government Income Fund (EILDX)
3 Years | Out of 25 Short U.S. Government Funds
5 Years | Out of 25 Short U.S. Government Funds
			 

			Emerging Markets Local Income Fund (EEIIX)
5 Years | Out of 14 Emerging Markets Local Currency Debt Funds




 
Overall Morningstar Ratings for select Eaton Vance Funds1
Browse a sampling of our I Share mutual funds that have a five- or four-star rating as of June 30, 2017. Talk with your financial advisor about which funds may help you achieve the outcomes you seek. View all five- and four-star funds »




Municipal Bonds
TABS 5-to-15 Year Laddered Municipal Bond Fund (EILTX)*
★ ★ ★ ★ ★
263 funds | Muni National Interm category
			 

			Municipal Opportunities Fund (EMOIX)
★ ★ ★ ★
263 funds | Muni National Interm category
			 

			High Yield Municipal Income Fund (EIHYX)
★ ★ ★ ★
145 funds | High Yield Muni category
			 

			TABS Short-Term Municipal Bond Fund (EIBSX)*
★ ★ ★ ★
176 funds | Muni National Short category
			 

			National Municipal Income Fund (EIHMX)
★ ★ ★ ★
142 funds | Muni National Long category
			 

			
View all funds »

 

Corporate Credit
High Income Opportunities Fund (EIHIX)
★ ★ ★ ★ ★
590 funds | High Yield Bond category
			 

			Income Fund of Boston (EIBIX)
★ ★ ★ ★
590 funds | High Yield Bond category
			 

			Floating-Rate Advantage Fund (EIFAX)
★ ★ ★ ★ ★
210 funds | Bank Loan category
			 

			Floating-Rate & High Income Fund (EIFHX)
★ ★ ★ ★ ★
210 funds | Bank Loan category
			 

			Floating-Rate Fund (EIBLX)
★ ★ ★ ★
210 funds | Bank Loan category
			 

			
View all funds »

 

U.S. Equities
Atlanta Capital SMID-Cap Fund (EISMX)2
★ ★ ★ ★ ★
576 funds | Mid-Cap Growth category
			 

			Focused Growth Opportunities Fund (EIFGX)
★ ★ ★ ★
1277 funds | Large Growth category
			 

			Growth Fund (ELCIX)
★ ★ ★ ★
1277 funds | Large Growth category
			 

			Real Estate Fund (EIREX)*
★ ★ ★ ★
230 funds | Real Estate category
			 

			
View all funds »




 




Income
Short Duration Government Income Fund (EILDX)
★ ★ ★ ★ ★
105 funds | Short Government category
			 

			Emerging Markets Debt Opportunities Fund (EIDOX)
★ ★ ★ ★ ★
81 funds | Emerging-Markets Local-Currency Bond category
			 

			Government Obligations Fund (EIGOX)
★ ★ ★ ★ ★
105 funds | Short Government category
			 

			Core Plus Bond Fund (EIBAX)
★ ★ ★ ★
856 funds | Intermediate-Term Bond category
			 

			Short Duration Real Return Fund (EIRRX)
★ ★ ★ ★ ★
202 funds | Inflation-Protected Bond category
			 

			
View all funds »

 

Global/International
Global Macro Absolute Return Advantage Fund (EGRIX)
★ ★ ★ ★ ★
259 funds | Nontraditional Bond category
			 

			Hexavest Global Equity Fund (EHGIX)
★ ★ ★ ★
714 funds | World Large Stock category
			 

			Richard Bernstein Equity Strategy Fund (ERBIX)
★ ★ ★
714 funds | World Large Stock category
			 

			
View all funds »

 

Asset Allocation
Balanced Fund (EIIFX)
★ ★ ★ ★
727 funds | Allocation - 50% to 70% Equity category
			 

			Tax-Managed Equity Asset Allocation (EIEAX)
★ ★ ★ ★
147 funds | Allocation - 85%+ Equity category
			 

			Richard Bernstein All Asset Strategy Fund (EIRAX)
★ ★ ★ ★
249 funds | Tactical Allocation category
			 

			
View all funds »




 
* These Funds have recently experienced negative performance. For the Fund’s performance as of the most recent month-end, please refer to our Performance page. Based on risk-adjusted returns. Past performance is no guarantee of future results. Eaton Vance offers other mutual funds that are not listed here and that do not have similar performance records. Please refer to each Fund’s prospectus to determine whether you are eligible to invest in I shares. Consult your financial advisor before investing.

0 The Thomson Reuters Lipper Fund Awards, granted annually, highlight funds and fund companies that have excelled in delivering consistently strong risk-adjusted performance relative to their peers. The Lipper Fund Awards are based on the Lipper Leader for Consistent Return rating, which is a risk-adjusted performance measure calculated over 36, 60 and 120 months. The fund with the highest Lipper Leader for Consistent Return (Effective Return) value in each eligible classification wins the Lipper Fund Award. Other share classes may have different performance and expense characteristics. Although Lipper makes reasonable efforts to ensure the accuracy and reliability of the data contained herein, the accuracy is not guaranteed by Lipper. Lipper awards are not intended to predict future results. For more information, see www.lipperfundawards.com. From Thomson Reuters Lipper Awards, ©2017 Thomson Reuters. All rights reserved. Used by permission and protected by the Copyright Laws of the United States. The printing, copying, redistribution, or retransmission of this Content without express written permission is prohibited.

1 As of 6/30/17: EILTX was rated 5 stars for 3 years/265 funds; 5 stars for 5 years/227 funds. EMOIX was rated 4 stars for 3 years/263 funds; 4 stars for 5 years/227 funds. EIHYX was rated 4 stars for 3 years/145 funds; 4 stars for 5 years/119 funds; 3 stars for 10 years/86 funds. EIBSX was rated 4 stars for 3 years/176 funds; 4 stars for 5 years/153 funds. EIHMX was rated 5 stars for 3 years/142 funds; 5 stars for 5 years/132 funds; 2 stars for 10 years/106 funds. EIHIX was rated 5 stars for 3 years/590 funds; 5 stars for 5 years/474 funds; 3 stars for 10 years/317 funds. EIBIX was rated 4 stars for 3 years/590 funds; 4 stars for 5 years/474 funds; 3 stars for 10 years/317 funds. EIFAX was rated 5 stars for 3 years/210 funds; 5 stars for 5 years/160 funds; 5 stars for 10 years/65 funds. EIFHX was rated 5 stars for 3 years/210 funds; 4 stars for 5 years/160 funds; 5 stars for 10 years/65 funds. EIBLX was rated 5 stars for 3 years/210 funds; 4 stars for 5 years/160 funds; 4 stars for 10 years/65 funds. EISMX was rated 5 stars for 3 years/576 funds; 5 stars for 5 years/502 funds; 5 stars for 10 years/370 funds. EIFGX was rated 4 stars for 3 years/1277 funds; 4 stars for 5 years/1152 funds. ELCIX was rated 4 stars for 3 years/1277 funds; 4 stars for 5 years/1152 funds; 3 stars for 10 years/803 funds. EIREX was rated 4 stars for 3 years/230 funds; 3 stars for 5 years/201 funds; 4 stars for 10 years/141 funds. EILDX was rated 5 stars for 3 years/105 funds; 5 stars for 5 years/95 funds; 5 stars for 10 years/73 funds. EIDOX was rated 5 stars for 3 years/81 funds. EIGOX was rated 5 stars for 3 years/105 funds; 5 stars for 5 years/95 funds; 5 stars for 10 years/73 funds. EIBAX was rated 5 stars for 3 years/856 funds; 4 stars for 5 years/767 funds. EIRRX was rated 4 stars for 3 years/202 funds; 5 stars for 5 years/172 funds. EGRIX was rated 5 stars for 3 years/259 funds; 5 stars for 5 years/159 funds. EHGIX was rated 4 stars for 3 years/714 funds. ERBIX was rated 3 stars for 3 years/714 funds; 3 stars for 5 years/590 funds. EIIFX was rated 4 stars for 3 years/727 funds; 5 stars for 5 years/653 funds; 3 stars for 10 years/429 funds. EIEAX was rated 4 stars for 3 years/147 funds; 4 stars for 5 years/123 funds; 4 stars for 10 years/98 funds. EIRAX was rated 4 stars for 3 years/249 funds; 4 stars for 5 years/176 funds.

2 As of the close of business on January 15, 2013, this Fund has discontinued sale of its shares, with the exception of existing shareholders, qualified retirement plans and certain fee-based programs. See prospectus for additional details.

3These shares are not available for new investments.

The Morningstar Rating™ for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for managed products (including mutual funds, variable annuity and variable life subaccounts, exchange-traded funds, closed-end funds, and separate accounts) with at least a three-year history. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star.

The Overall Morningstar Rating for a managed product is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with its three-, five-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating metrics. The weights are: 100% three-year rating for 36-59 months of total returns, 60% five-year rating/40% three-year rating for 60-119 months of total returns, and 50% 10-year rating/30% five-year rating/20% three-year rating for 120 or more months of total returns. While the 10-year overall star rating formula seems to give the most weight to the 10-year period, the most recent three-year period actually has the greatest impact because it is included in all three rating periods.

©Morningstar. All Rights Reserved. The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.

About Risks: An imbalance in supply and demand in the income market may result in valuation uncertainties and greater volatility, less liquidity, widening credit spreads and a lack of price transparency in the market. As interest rates rise, the value of certain income investments is likely to decline. Fund performance is sensitive to stock market volatility. A Fund’s ability to utilize various tax-managed techniques may be curtailed or eliminated in the future by tax legislation or regulation. No Fund is a complete investment program and you may lose money investing in a Fund. The funds may engage in other investment practices that may involve additional risks and you should review a Fund prospectus for a complete description.


† Calvert Research and Management is a wholly owned subsidiary of Eaton Vance.
ratingsreport.xml
blogfeed_test1.xml





 Stay Connected


Access Advisor Resources
Get exclusive access to timely materials such as:

Eaton Vance Thought Leadership
Conference Calls and Webinars
Notifications of Document Updates
Sign In
Register



 Dive deeper with our Advisory BlogGO NOW 


 
At Eaton Vance, we value independent thinking.
In our experience, clients benefit from a range of distinctive, strongly argued perspectives.
That’s why we encourage our independent investment teams and strategist to share their views on pressing issues - even when they run counter to conventional wisdom or the opinions of other investment managers.
Timely Thinking. Timeless Values.


Video
















Twitter @EatonVance
Eaton Vance on LinkedIn
Eaton Vanceon Facebook
FAs: Register
Subscriptions
EmailPrint







Disclosure - Restricted content

The information contained in this section of the website is designed solely for professional clients. 
                If you are not a professional client you should not proceed any further. The content should not be looked at or distributed to retail clients.
Certain products and services mentioned on this website may not be eligible for sale in some states or countries and they may not 
                be suitable for all types of investors. This website does not constitute an offer or solicitation and is not directed at you if Eaton Vance Management 
                (International) ltd (EVMI) is prohibited by any law of any jurisdiction from making the information on this website available to you and is not 
                intended for any use that would be contrary to local law or regulation. No products and services mentioned on this website must be promoted in 
                any jurisdiction where this would not be permitted.This website does not constitute investment, legal or tax advice with respect to our products and services and it is important 
                that you do not rely on its content when making an investment decision. You should obtain relevant and specific professional advice before making 
                any decision to enter into an investment transaction. EVMI does not represent that the information on this website, including any third party 
                information, is accurate or complete and it should not be relied upon as such. Past performance is not a guide to future returns.
The value of investment funds and the income therefrom may go down as well as up and you may not get back the original amount invested. 
                Your capital could be at risk. You are not certain to make money from your investments and you may lose money. Exchange rates may cause the value of 
                overseas investments and the income therefrom to rise and fall.Information in this section may contain statements that are not historical facts, referred to as forward-looking statements. 
                A Fund’s future results may differ significantly from those stated in forward-looking statements, depending on factors such as changes in 
                securities or financial markets or general economic conditions, the volume of sales and purchases of Fund shares, the continuation of advisory, 
                administrative and service contracts, and other risks.All information in this section are for "Professional Client ONLY". To access this website users must qualify as a "Professional 
                client". Any person who does not fall into the categories listed above should not rely on the information contained in this website.
By clicking the Okay button below, you confirm that you are from an eligible jurisdiction to review material relating to the 
                Fund or Strategies (or are authorised to conduct investment business in the jurisdiction within which you are resident and under the law of that 
                jurisdiction, you are authorised to view material relating to collective investment schemes) and that you are a Professional Client.



Remember Me



I Do Not Accept
Ok




Disclosure - Restricted content

The information contained in this section of the website is designed solely for professional clients. 
                If you are not a professional client you should not proceed any further. The content should not be looked at or distributed to retail clients.
Certain products and services mentioned on this website may not be eligible for sale in some states or countries and they may not 
                be suitable for all types of investors. This website does not constitute an offer or solicitation and is not directed at you if Eaton Vance Management 
                (International) ltd (EVMI) is prohibited by any law of any jurisdiction from making the information on this website available to you and is not 
                intended for any use that would be contrary to local law or regulation. No products and services mentioned on this website must be promoted in 
                any jurisdiction where this would not be permitted.This website does not constitute investment, legal or tax advice with respect to our products and services and it is important 
                that you do not rely on its content when making an investment decision. You should obtain relevant and specific professional advice before making 
                any decision to enter into an investment transaction. EVMI does not represent that the information on this website, including any third party 
                information, is accurate or complete and it should not be relied upon as such. Past performance is not a guide to future returns.
The value of investment funds and the income therefrom may go down as well as up and you may not get back the original amount invested. 
                Your capital could be at risk. You are not certain to make money from your investments and you may lose money. Exchange rates may cause the value of 
                overseas investments and the income therefrom to rise and fall.Information in this section may contain statements that are not historical facts, referred to as forward-looking statements. 
                A Fund’s future results may differ significantly from those stated in forward-looking statements, depending on factors such as changes in 
                securities or financial markets or general economic conditions, the volume of sales and purchases of Fund shares, the continuation of advisory, 
                administrative and service contracts, and other risks.All information in this section are for "Professional Client ONLY". To access this website users must qualify as a "Professional 
                client". Any person who does not fall into the categories listed above should not rely on the information contained in this website.
By clicking the Okay button below, you confirm that you are from an eligible jurisdiction to review material relating to the 
                Fund or Strategies (or are authorised to conduct investment business in the jurisdiction within which you are resident and under the law of that 
                jurisdiction, you are authorised to view material relating to collective investment schemes) and that you are a Professional Client.


I Do Not Accept
Ok





 


We apologize for the inconvenience but we are experiencing a technical issue.We are working on a solution. Please try again later.If you require further assistance, please call:1-800-836-2414. 

You have already upgraded your account. Please login using the link at the top of the page. 



Your download will begin when this window is closed.
Manage your subscriptions



You have successfully un-subscribed from .


As a subscriber, you are one step away from getting more access and control. Register now by simply creating a password below.


Create Password:

Confirm Password:

Passwords must be 8 to 20 alphanumeric characters, including a special character:! @ # $ % ^ & * ( ) - _ = + , < . > ?.

Cancel
Trouble registering? Call 1-800-836-2414.



Congratulations! You are registered.
We have sent a verification email to . Please check your e-mail and click on the secured link to verify your account and complete the registration process.
Trouble receiving the verification email? Call 1-800-836-2414.


Congratulations!
We are pleased to grant you access to this Eaton Vance website.Please click here to be logged in with your username .


A verification email has been sent.
You have requested a change to your password. In order to process this request, a verification email has been sent to . When you receive this email, please click the link contained within the email to start the password reset process.
Trouble signing in? Call 1-800-836-2414.



This account is restricted.

Your account has limited access.

If you need further assistance, please call 1-800-836-2414.



This account has been updated.

Your account has been updated to use your new email address .
We have sent a verification email to  with a verification link to confirm the change.
Trouble receiving the verification email? Call 1-800-836-2414.



This email account has not been verified.

Your account has not yet been activated. We have sent a verification email to . If you'd like us to resend this, please click the Resend Email button below.
Trouble receiving the verification email? Call 1-800-836-2414.

Cancel



Thank you.
An e-mail verification has been re-sent to . Please check your e-mail and follow the instructions to complete the registration process.
Trouble receiving the verification email? Call 1-800-836-2414.


An email has been sent to the email address  containing a link to verify your credentials. Please check your e-mail and click on the secured link to complete your request.
Trouble receiving the verification email? Call 1-800-836-2414.


Re-verification Required
For security purposes we could not complete your request. Please click here to receive a new link to access the requested content.
A new email has been sent to the email address  containing a link to re-verify your credentials. Please check your e-mail and click on the secured link to complete your request.
Trouble receiving the verification email? Call 1-800-836-2414.


Verification Accepted
You have been granted access to the requested content.

Remember Me
Click here to remain recognized on this device for future visits to EatonVance.com


Do Not Remember Me
Click here if you are using a Public Computer or Shared Device.

Trouble receiving the verification email? Call 1-800-836-2414.





Company Email:

Password:



Remember Me                          |                          Forgot your password?  Cancel
Subscribe to new content: Register 
If you are an individual investor and have an account with Eaton Vance, sign into your account here.


Please check the Fund Literature that you would like to subscribe to. Your subscriptions can be managed on your profile page. 
Subscribe All




Subscribe

Cancel



Thank you for downloading 
If your download did not start automatically, please click here.

Stay on top of your game.
Receive email notifications when the  is updated by clicking the subscribe button.


Close


Stay on top of your game.
Receive email notifications when the  is updated by clicking the subscribe button.



Company Email:


Close
Subscribe to new content: Register                    Already have an account? Sign In.



Thank you for subscribing
We have sent a verification email to . Please check your e-mail and click on the secured link to verify your subscription.
Subscribe to new content: Register Want to manage your subscriptions? Sign In.


Un-subscription request
We have sent a verification email to . Please check your e-mail and click on the secured link to verify your request.
Subscribe to new content: Register Want to manage your subscriptions? Sign In.


Opt-In Request
We have sent a verification email to . Please check your e-mail and click on the secured link to verify your request.
Subscribe to new content: Register Want to manage your subscriptions? Sign In.


Opt-Out Request
We have sent a verification email to . Please check your e-mail and click on the secured link to verify your request.
Subscribe to new content: Register Want to manage your subscriptions? Sign In.


Stay on top of your game.
You have selected to receive email notifications for:


Enter your Email


Cancel
Subscribe to new content: Register 


Stay on top of your game.
You are currently "Opted Out" of all Eaton Vance email communications. If you would like to be alerted of updates to your new subscription, please Opt In:

Close



Enter your e-mail address to reset your password.


Company Email:



Already have an account? Sign In.
Subscribe to new content: Register
Trouble registering? Call 1-800-836-2414.





Simply enter your e-mail address to register.


Company Email:


Cancel
Already have an account? Sign In.

If you are an individual investor and have an account with Eaton Vance, sign into your account here.


Register for more access and control.

Elevate your business practice with materials from the Advisor Institute.
Learn more with exclusive videos, conference calls, and the latest insights.
Follow products, get product notifications, and manage your Eaton Vance communications.












Your Name *



My Contact Email Address *



Recipient's Name



Recipient's Email *



Prepared on *



 Link to webpage 
                                
                                Link to PDF                            

Message

I thought you'd be interested in this information from Eaton Vance.
Here's the link:Eaton Vance Funds
Copy Link
For more information, visit http://funds.eatonvance.com/

Cancel Send Email

 





            Please wait while the data is being prepared for download.This message will automatically close when your file is ready.



Please enter a new email.


New Email:



Trouble signing in? Call 1-800-836-2414.







Investment Professionals
Get more access and control.
Register Now Already have an account? Access.






Investment Professionals

Access
Subscribe to new content: Register. 



Get PDF Now
Subscribe 
You are already subscribed to 
Manage your subscriptions

Unsubscribe 








 
 Symbol:  


                    NAV as of  

 
 




 
 






Site Disclaimer


You are about to enter the   website for .


This is your selected location and role:





This is your selected location:



Please select your role:







I Do Not Accept
I Accept






Disclaimer


The information contained in this section of the website is designed solely for professional clients. If you are not a professional client you should not proceed any further. The content should not be looked at or distributed to retail clients.
By clicking the box below, you confirm that you are from an eligible jurisdiction to review material relating to the Fund (or are authorised to conduct investment business in the jurisdiction within which you are resident and under the law of that jurisdiction, you are authorised to view material relating to collective investment schemes).

GENERAL DISCLAIMER
Certain products and services mentioned on this website may not be eligible for sale in some states or countries and they may not be suitable for all types of investors. This website does not constitute an offer or solicitation and is not directed at you if Eaton Vance Management (International) ltd (EVMI) is prohibited by any law of any jurisdiction from making the information on this website available to you and is not intended for any use that would be contrary to local law or regulation. No products and services mentioned on this website must be promoted in any jurisdiction where this would not be permitted.
This website does not constitute investment, legal or tax advice with respect to our products and services and it is important that you do not rely on its content when making an investment decision. You should obtain relevant and specific professional advice before making any decision to enter into an investment transaction. EVMI does not represent that the information on this website, including any third party information, is accurate or complete and it should not be relied upon as such. Past performance is not a guide to future returns.
The value of investment funds and the income therefrom may go down as well as up and you may not get back the original amount invested. Your capital could be at risk. You are not certain to make money from your investments and you may lose money. Exchange rates may cause the value of overseas investments and the income therefrom to rise and fall.
Information in this section may contain statements that are not historical facts, referred to as forward-looking statements. A Fund’s future results may differ significantly from those stated in forward-looking statements, depending on factors such as changes in securities or financial markets or general economic conditions, the volume of sales and purchases of Fund shares, the continuation of advisory, administrative and service contracts, and other risks.
QIAIF DISCLAIMER
The Fund is an umbrella fund of the Eaton Vance Institutional Funds plc (the "Company"), a public limited company with variable capital with segregated liability between sub-funds incorporated in Ireland pursuant to the Companies Acts. The Company is authorised and regulated by the Central Bank of Ireland as a Qualified Investors Alternative Investment Fund (QIAIF) and solely intended for Qualified Investors (as defined in the Fund prospectus).
The Fund is currently authorised in Ireland only and as a QIAIF the Company may apply for recognition by other EU Member States. The QIAIF mentioned on this website may not be eligible for sale in some countries.
This website is not intended to distribute or offer or solicit the sale of shares or units in the Fund and any jurisdiction in which such distribution, or offer or solicitation would be considered contrary to local law or regulation.
            


I Do Not Accept
I Accept



























System for Award Management
















Loading...


Abort

















































































Username




Password





Log In

 Forgot Username?

 Forgot Password?

 Create an Account




























 Home






 Search Records





 Data Access





 Check Status





 About





 Help

















































































The System for Award Management (SAM) is an official website of the U.S. government. There is no cost to use SAM. You can use this site for FREE to:



Register to do business with the U.S. government
Update or renew your entity registration
Check status of an entity registration
Search for entity registration and exclusion records






			Getting Started
		


Create A User Account










Start by creating a SAM user account.




Register Entity









After creating your SAM user account, log in to register to do business with the U.S. government.




Search Records









Do a public search for existing entity registration records or exclusion records.

Federal users can log in to see additional information.































































IBM v1.P.2.20170623-1606
WWW3






					Search Records
				

					Data Access
				

					Check Status
				

					About
				

					Help
				



					Disclaimers
				

					Accessibility
				

					Privacy Policy
				



					FAPIIS.gov
				

					GSA.gov/IAE
				

					GSA.gov
				

					USA.gov
				





			This is a U.S. General Services Administration Federal Government computer system that is "FOR OFFICIAL USE ONLY." This system is subject to monitoring. 
			Individuals found performing unauthorized activities are subject to disciplinary action including criminal prosecution. 
		

























