




















 



 Lending Club Names Scott Sanborn CEO 
         










    










 













 











 



















Lending Club Names Scott Sanborn CEO
        																																																					
              

          Realigns Costs with Lower Origination VolumesDiscloses Additional Findings and Actions Taken
        











 News provided by
Lending Club  
Jun 28, 2016, 06:05 ET









 Share this article



























































SAN FRANCISCO, June 28, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Lending Club (NYSE:   LC), the world's largest online marketplace connecting borrowers and investors, announced today that the board of directors named Scott Sanborn as Lending Club's CEO and President. Separately, Hans Morris, who had assumed the temporary role of Executive Chairman, has assumed the role of Chairman of the Board of Directors.













                Lending Club, the world's largest online marketplace connecting borrowers and investors.
              

 
 



"Scott and the management team have demonstrated they can lead Lending Club through this turbulent time," said Mr. Morris. "The board has decided this is the right time to hand full responsibility over to Scott in his role as the CEO. With today's announcements and Scott at the helm, Lending Club is now in a position to move forward."
"We have demonstrated the power of the Lending Club marketplace model to generate attractive, risk adjusted returns to investors," said Lending Club CEO and President Scott Sanborn. "We are working closely with investors to rebuild confidence and are encouraged to see them returning to the platform."
Annual Stockholder Meeting Topics
In addition to the formal business related to its Annual Stockholder Meeting ("Annual Meeting"), Lending Club will be addressing the following topics during its Annual Meeting call and webcast which occurs today at 11:00 a.m. Pacific Time (Tuesday, June 28, 2016, - see webcast and conference call information below):

CEO and Independent Chairman Appointments - Lending Club announced that the company's Board of Directors has appointed Scott Sanborn as CEO and President and that Hans Morris has assumed the role of independent Chairman of the Board. 
Substantial Conclusion of Internal Review, Two Items Identified - The first item related to adjustments to the valuation of assets held by six private funds managed by LC Advisors ("LCA") that were not consistent with generally accepted accounting principles and impacted net asset values and monthly return figures for the LCA funds. In response, Lending Club and LCA engaged an independent valuation firm, with specific expertise in the valuation of marketplace assets, to provide valuation services to the LCA funds, and Lending Club and LCA have made several changes to improve governance of the funds, including establishing a majority independent Governing Board. The second item related to loans made in December 2009 to the company's former CEO, and three of his family members. 
Q2 Origination Volume, Incentives and Certain Expenses - Investors continue to return to the Lending Club platform to invest in loans since pausing in early May. Based on quarter to date originations, the company expects loan originations in the second quarter of 2016 to be roughly one third lower than in the first quarter of 2016. In addition, the company expects to report investor incentives of roughly $9 million, $15 - $20 million of additional expenses related to employee retention, employee severance, advisory relationships, board review, remediation and due diligence activities, and a goodwill write-down of between $20 - $40 million related to slower growth expectations for Springstone, subject to finalization of this analysis. 
Organizational Changes - In light of lower loan volumes in the second quarter and recognizing that fully restoring investor confidence may take time, the company has decided to reduce 179 positions in the organization. 
Progress on Controls, Compliance and Governance - Over the last seven weeks, Lending Club initiated a comprehensive review of its controls, compliance and governance and has taken actions that included implementing KPMG best practice recommendations; increasing testing of data changes; increasing compliance and oversight resources; aligning business and control functions into a better risk management structure; and retraining employees on code of conduct and ethics and reinforcing the importance of a high compliance culture. 
Key Second Half of 2016 Drivers - In an effort to reignite the platform, Lending Club provided several investor incentives (to both retail and institutional investors) most of which are expected to continue into the third quarter. The company expects to transition away from these incentives in the fourth quarter and plans to resume revenue and EBITDA growth in the first half of 2017. 
New Policies on Anti-Pledging and Ecosystem Investing - Lending Club's Board has established new policies prohibiting pledging of Lending Club shares, and prohibiting the company from making investments in ecosystem partners that invest in Lending Club loans.
Webcast and Conference Call Information
The Annual Meeting will reconvene today, June 28, 2016, at 11:00 a.m. Pacific Time with the same virtual meeting access (www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/LC2016). Only stockholders of record as of the close of business on April 11, 2016 will be able to vote and ask questions during the meeting using the virtual meeting access. Other interested parties may listen to the audio webcast of the Annual Meeting using the same link above or may dial into a listen-only line by dialing +1 (877) 883-0383, or outside the U.S. +1 (412) 902-6506, with a conference ID 0183459, ten minutes prior to 11:00 a.m. Pacific Time (or 2:00 p.m. Eastern Time).
About Scott Sanborn
Scott Sanborn is CEO and President of Lending Club. Appointed in June 2016, he was charged by the Board of Directors with transforming the company and bringing a heightened degree of transparency and disciplined growth to Lending Club operations.
A six-year veteran of the company, Scott previously held the roles of President, Chief Marketing Officer and Chief Operations Officer. He helped lead the company through a prolonged period of triple digit growth that led to its 2014 IPO, and has been a driving force in the management and development of the organization.
Before joining Lending Club, Scott was the Chief Marketing and Revenue Officer for eHealth Insurance, a publicly traded ecommerce company, where he helped create double digit growth in revenue and new customer acquisition. His earlier roles included having been President of RedEnvelope, Inc., an e-commerce and catalogue retailer of upscale gifts, and Senior Vice President of Marketing for the Home Shopping Network, a television and internet retailer of consumer products. He holds a BS from Tufts University.
About Lending Club
Lending Club's mission is to transform the banking system to make credit more affordable and investing more rewarding. The company's technology platform enables it to deliver innovative solutions to borrowers and investors. We operate at a lower cost than traditional bank lending programs, so we're able to pass the savings on to borrowers in the form of lower rates and to investors in the form of solid returns. Lending Club is based in San Francisco, California. More information is available at https://www.lendingclub.com. Currently only residents of the following states may invest in Lending Club notes: AL, AR, AZ, CA, CO, CT, DC, DE, FL, GA, HI, IA, ID, IL, IN, KS, KY, LA, MA, ME, MI, MN, MO, MS, MT, NE, NH, NJ, NV, NY, OK, OR, RI, SC, SD, TN, TX, UT, VA, VT, WA, WI, or WY. All loans are made by federally regulated issuing bank partners.

 Safe Harbor Statement

Some of the statements in this above are "forward-looking statements." The words "anticipate," "believe," "estimate," "expect," "intend," "may," "outlook," "plan," "predict," "project," "will," "would" and similar expressions may identify forward-looking statements, although not all forward-looking statements contain these identifying words. The company may not actually achieve the plans, intentions or expectations disclosed in forward-looking statements, and you should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements. Actual results or events could differ materially from the plans, intentions and expectations disclosed in forward-looking statements. The company does not assume any obligation to update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by law.
Information in this press release is not an offer to sell securities or the solicitation of an offer to buy securities.
Please see our Risk Factors in our Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2015, as filed with the SEC on February 22, 2016, and Form 10-Q for the period ended March 31, 2016, as filed with the SEC on May 16, 2016.
Logo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20140417/76307
 
To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/lending-club-names-scott-sanborn-ceo-300291139.html
SOURCE  Lending Club  Related Links

http://www.lendingclub.com




 





















Jul 18, 2016, 06:55 ET
Preview: Lending Club Names BlackRock Veteran Patrick Dunne as Chief Capital Officer















May 17, 2016, 13:19 ET
Preview: Lending Club Issues Statement on DOJ Subpoena






My News


  Release contains wide tables.	  View fullscreen.






 Also from this source




 











May 04, 2017, 16:01 ET
                                  				                                                                                     
                              Lending Club Reports First Quarter 2017 Results








 











Apr 13, 2017, 17:10 ET
                                  				                                                                                     
                              Lending Club Schedules First Quarter 2017 Earnings Release and...





 Explore
 More news releases in similar topics

  Banking & Financial Services
Earnings Forecasts & Projections
Personnel Announcements








 You just read:
Lending Club Names Scott Sanborn CEO


 News provided by
Lending Club  
Jun 28, 2016, 06:05 ET








 Share this article









































 











Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire?
Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform.
Sign up to get started
Request more information
Have an account? Log In



















Search











Searching for your content...









Advanced Search












































 







Press Releases | eHealth Insurance





















































Newsroom > Press Releases
        




            
  Press Releases
          









July 27, 2017 | 
 Categories:  
  
  Financial News


eHealth, Inc. Announces Second Quarter 2017 Results
Second Quarter 2017 Overview Revenue for the second quarter of 2017 was $28.0 million, a decrease of 25% compared to $37.3 million for the second quarter of 2016. Net loss for the second quarter of 2017 was $17.3 million compared to net loss...


            Read More
            








July 13, 2017 | 
 Categories:  
  
  Financial News


eHealth, Inc. to Announce Second Quarter 2017 Earnings Results on July 27 at 5 p.m. Eastern Time
MOUNTAIN VIEW, Calif.--Jul. 13, 2017-- eHealth, Inc.(NASDAQ:EHTH), a leading private online health insurance exchange, announced today that the company plans to release second quarter 2017 financial results on July 27, 2017. Chief Executive...


            Read More
            








July 11, 2017 | 
 Categories:  
  
  Corporate News


eHealth Appoints Dave Nicklaus as Senior Vice President of Sales and Operations
MOUNTAIN VIEW, Calif.--Jul. 11, 2017-- eHealth, Inc. (NASDAQ:EHTH), which operates eHealth.com, a leading private online health insurance exchange, announced today that Dave Nicklaus recently joined the organization in the role of Senior Vice President of Sales and Operations.


            Read More
            








July 11, 2017 | 
 Categories:  
  
  Corporate News


eHealth Appoints Tim Hannan as Chief Marketing Officer
MOUNTAIN VIEW, Calif.--Jul. 11, 2017-- eHealth, Inc. (NASDAQ:EHTH), which operates eHealth.com, a leading private online health insurance exchange, announced today that Tim Hannan has recently joined the company as Chief Marketing Officer.


            Read More
            








June 22, 2017
Obamacare Premiums for 2018 Projected to Make Health Insurance Unaffordable for Many, eHealth Analysis Finds
MOUNTAIN VIEW, Calif.--Jun. 22, 2017-- A new analysis conducted by eHealth Inc., (NASDAQ:EHTH), finds that projected rate increases for 2018 health insurance plans would make health insurance unaffordable, according to the rules of the Affordable Care Act


            Read More
            








May 30, 2017
eHealth Partners With Union Plus to Provide a Medicare Insurance Exchange and Distribute Medicare Insurance Products to America’s Unions
MOUNTAIN VIEW, Calif.--May 30, 2017-- eHealth, Inc. (NASDAQ:EHTH), which operates eHealth.com, a leading private online health insurance exchange, announced today that it has entered into a partnership with Union Plus, a program operated by Union...


            Read More
            








May 24, 2017
eHealth Provides Health Insurance Advice for 2017 College Grads With Limited Health Insurance Options
MOUNTAIN VIEW, Calif.--May 24, 2017-- Today eHealth, Inc.(NASDAQ:EHTH), which operates eHealth.com, a leading private online health insurance exchange, outlined the challenging health insurance landscape for this year’s college graduates, and provided shopping advice and insurance product data for would-be shoppers.


            Read More
            








May 18, 2017
eHealth Applauds New CMS Guidance to Permit Consumers to Enroll in Qualified Health Plans with a Tax Credit through Web-Brokers Like eHealth.com
MOUNTAIN VIEW, Calif.--May 18, 2017-- Today eHealth, Inc.(NASDAQ:EHTH) applauded new guidance issued yesterday by the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services (CMS) Center for Consumer Information & Insurance Oversight to help streamline and simplify the direct enrollment process for consumers signing up for Affordable Care Act qualified health plan coverage through the federal health insurance exchange, HealthCare.gov.


            Read More
            








May 04, 2017 | 
 Categories:  
  
  Financial News


eHealth, Inc. to Host Investor & Analyst Day
MOUNTAIN VIEW, Calif.--May 4, 2017-- As previously announced, eHealth, Inc. (NASDAQ: EHTH), a leading private online health insurance exchange, will be hosting an Investor & Analyst Day in New York City on Wednesday, May 10, 2017, at 9:00 a.m....


            Read More
            








May 03, 2017
Users of eHealth’s Prescription Drug Coverage Comparison Tool Found Median Savings of More than $1,600
MOUNTAIN VIEW, Calif.--May 3, 2017-- Today eHealth Inc. (NASDAQ: EHTH), which operates eHealth.com, the nation’s first and largest private online health insurance exchange, announced that health insurance shoppers using the company’s prescription...


            Read More
            








1 2 3 … 51  Next »
        
        Showing
        1 –
        10
        of 501 Items
        




Search Press Releases




Search Criteria





Sort Options

NewestOldestTitle A-ZTitle Z-A





Filter by Year

All Years20172016201520142013201220112010200920082007




        
        Search
      





Latest Social Media




Twitter





Facebook





Youtube








#FlashbackFriday eHealth was founded in 1997, when the Internet was still a baby, and our ...
You spoke, we listened. Find out more about affordable Obamacare alternatives here: http:/...


How does small business health insurance work?





Useful Links



How Does America Use Obamacare






















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft














eHealth Announces Appointment of Scott C. Sanborn as Chief Marketing and Revenue Officer | eHealth Insurance





















































Newsroom > Press Releases > eHealth Announces Appointment of Scott C. Sanborn as Chief Marketing and Revenue Officer
        




      eHealth Announces Appointment of Scott C. Sanborn as Chief Marketing and Revenue Officer
    


        November 24, 2008 | 
 Categories:  
  
  Corporate News









EVP Bruce Telkamp to Increase Focus on Business and Corporate Development
MOUNTAIN VIEW, CA -- (Marketwire) -- 11/24/08 --  eHealth, Inc. (NASDAQ: EHTH), parentcompany of eHealthInsurance, announced today that Scott C. Sanborn has beenappointed as chief marketing and revenue officer.  Mr. Sanborn will overseeall major marketing and demand-generation functions, including traditionaland online marketing activities, partner management, public relations,customer care center operations, business analytics and product marketing.Mr. Sanborn starts today and will be based in eHealth's Mountain View,California headquarters.  He will report directly to Gary Lauer, thecompany's chief executive officer.With the expansion of the senior executive team, Bruce Telkamp, executivevice president of business operations, will become executive vice presidentof business and corporate development.  Mr. Telkamp, who has been with thecompany for eight years, will transition his responsibilities in marketingand customer care center operations to Mr. Sanborn.  Mr. Telkamp willcontinue his oversight of the company's business development, carrierrelations and legal departments, as well as lead the company's newcorporate development function.Prior to joining eHealth, Mr. Sanborn served as chief marketing officer ofRedEnvelope, Inc., an e-commerce and catalog retailer of upscale gifts,from April 2007 to June 2008.  Before joining RedEnvelope, Mr. Sanborn heldseveral senior marketing positions at Home Shopping Network, a televisionand internet retailer of consumer products, from December 2002 to April2007, including as senior vice president of marketing. Mr. Sanborn wasinstrumental in growing Home Shopping Network's online business, led anaward-winning creative team, and created a new brand position and identityfor the company.  In addition to his role as senior vice president ofmarketing, Mr. Sanborn also held vice president of marketing positions atHome Shopping Network and for its online business.  Prior to Home ShoppingNetwork, Mr. Sanborn worked in marketing and advertising agencies includingi-traffic/Agency.com in San Francisco, and Ammirati Puris Lintas inHolland.  Mr. Sanborn holds a B.A. degree in English from Tufts University."Awareness is a major business priority at eHealth and we have moreopportunity now for visibility than we've ever had in the history of thecompany. Scott will play a critical role in driving new revenueopportunities, managing and expanding our customer base, and executingeffective and creative marketing programs," said Mr. Lauer. "Additionally,Bruce Telkamp will now be able to focus more of his time and attention todeveloping new business partnerships and strategic relationships for thecompany.  Bruce's business operations and legal experience makes himuniquely qualified for this important and strategic responsibility.""eHealth has a strong foundation of proven technology, seasoned leadershipand an established member base and has the potential to reach out to newaudiences and go deeper into existing customer segments. I'm excited aboutmy new role and working with the eHealth team to build on this foundationwith new market opportunities, satisfied customers and a more visiblebrand," said Mr. Sanborn.About eHealtheHealth, Inc. (NASDAQ: EHTH) is the parent company of eHealthInsurance, thenation's leading online source of health insurance for individuals,families and small businesses. Through the company's website,www.ehealthinsurance.com, consumers can get quotes from leading healthinsurance carriers, compare plans side by side, and apply for and purchasehealth insurance. eHealthInsurance offers thousands of health plansunderwritten by more than 180 of the nation's leading health insurancecompanies. eHealthInsurance is licensed to sell health insurance in all 50states and the District of Columbia. eHealthInsurance and eHealth areregistered trademarks of eHealthInsurance Services, Inc.Forward-Looking StatementsThis press release contains forward-looking statements under the PrivateSecurities Litigation Reform Act of 1995.  These include statementsregarding strategies and objectives for future operations, futuremanagement roles, new revenue opportunities, development of new businesspartnerships and strategic relationships, effectiveness of marketingprograms, brand visibility and expansion of the customer base.  Theseforward-looking statements are inherently subject to various risks anduncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from thestatements made, including those described in eHealth's most recentperiodic report as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission andavailable on the investor relations page of eHealth's website atwww.ehealthinsurance.com and on the Securities and Exchange Commission'swebsite at www.sec.gov.  eHealth does not undertake any obligation toupdate any forward-looking statement to conform the statement to actualresults or changes in expectations.For more information, please contact:Brian MastDirector of Public RelationseHealth, Inc.(415)609-8494




Related News


July 11, 2017

eHealth Appoints Dave Nicklaus as Senior Vice President of Sales and Operations



July 11, 2017

eHealth Appoints Tim Hannan as Chief Marketing Officer



May 02, 2017

eHealth Appoints Ian Kalin as the Company’s Chief Data Officer



March 24, 2017

eHealth, Inc. Announces Completion of Strategic Alternatives Review






















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











Scott Sanborn                                                                                                            - Redwood City                                      , CA         - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



CA



Redwood City



Data Processing and Preparation



Computer Graphics Service



                            Scott Sanborn
                                    



 





















S 


Scott Sanborn                                                                                                           
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



523 ANCHOR CIR REDWOOD CITY, CA 94065
Get Directions



(650) 593-3273
 





Business Info



 Founded 1998
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $47,636.00
 Employee Count 1
 Industries Computer Graphics Service
 Contacts Scott Sanborn                                                                                                           







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Scott Sanborn                                                                                                            was founded in 1998, and is located at 523 Anchor Cir in Redwood City. Additional information is available at                                                                                                          or by contacting Scott Sanborn                                                                                                            at (650) 593-3273. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







S

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.

















Exclusive: Lending Club's Sanborn Discusses Recent Google Investment






















































































LendingMemoLending Club’s Scott Sanborn on Google Investment
by Simon Cunningham on May 15, 2013 in News & Community


Tweet 

 

 


Email 

Print 





Don't miss new articles. Follow LendingMemo:



 

 


Wednesday, after my interview with Prosper, I barely had five minutes of rest before I arrived at Lending Club’s headquarters. Arriving at 3:30pm, I was invited by their receptionist to take a seat and wait for Scott Sanborn, Lending Club’s Chief Operating Officer.
Behind her stood the red squared Lending Club logo, cut and illuminated. Next to me on the wall was mounted the infographic they produced when they crossed $1 billion in issued loans (see here). The whole thing felt a bit surreal.
It is somewhat difficult to recreate here how thrilled I was for this meeting. I am one of these people that Lending Club’s Renaud Laplanche describes as having “Lending Club fever”. I love this company. Maybe it’s because my first lending account was with them. More likely, I simply have had a great experience with them over the years. Whatever the case, I must have looked pretty funny sitting on the edge of that couch, sipping water at twenty second intervals so as to look the part.
I should have been more chill. When Scott Sanborn came and brought me into a conference room, his demeanor was overwhelmingly relaxed. He closed the door and sat down across the table from me. After exchanging introductions I asked Sanborn, “Can we talk about this Google investment a bit?” (WSJ article)
“Sure,” Scott replied. “Renaud is better able to talk about this than I am, but I can certainly cover the basics.”
“Great,” I said. “So tell me, what does this mean?”
Scott thought for a moment. “I’m not able to talk to Google’s motivation for making the sale,” he said with an easy tone. “What we’re excited about is that there is a lot that Google does well. If you look at their tenets, they are very similar to Lending Club. It’s a data driven business that is committed to doing the right thing. They created a lot of efficiencies in online advertising; we’re creating efficiencies in banking. We have opportunities to learn from them and work with them in the future.”
“So you see collaboration happening?” I responded with interest. “A union of Google and Lend…”
“I’m not sure about a union of Google and Lending Club,” Scott said with a hint of kind sarcasm, downplaying my dramatic line of thinking and provoking laughter from me. “Right now, it is an investment, but it does open the door for opportunities for us.”
“What are some of the risks or drawbacks from this?” I asked, beginning to get a feel for Scott’s dry humor.
“I don’t see any drawbacks”, he said. “This has been…”
“…nothing but good news,” I offered.
“Nothing but good news,” Scott agreed.
We continued talking, speaking about the possible IPO that would allow every state in the US to be open to investors, the so-called ‘blue sky exemption’. Scott spoke about how hard Lending Club is working to get more and more people lending.
“Over time there will be other ways to broaden investor participation,” he explained. “We currently have the retail platform that, for the extremely involved and self-directed investor, is a way to totally control your investment at the detailed level. But I think, over time, there is nothing to stop us from having a public fund that people could buy into. In regard to a public offering, we do plan to be ready next year, but going public depends on the market window. That said, our financials are already public. We report quarterly; all our numbers are already out there. So we’ve got a lot of the burden without receiving a lot of the benefit.”
“Renaud Laplanche was talking to Bloomberg,” I said (source). “He said, ‘We are trying to reshape the way people think about credit.’ What is the way people think about credit wrongly?”
Scott thought carefully. “The big insight for us is this. If you ask people whether or not they need a loan, they generally say ‘no’. The idea of needing a loan doesn’t feel great. But when you ask people if they paid off their credit card in full last month, they also tend to say ‘no’, because almost half of all Americans have outstanding credit card debt. So the answer is, ‘You already have a loan, and it is likely at an interest rate that is higher than you need to pay.’”
“A credit card is a great utility vehicle. It’s in your wallet. You can pay for anything; use it anytime. As a debt instrument it’s not that great,” Sanborn said, emphasizing this point. “We think we have something better. It’s fixed rate and fully amortizing at lower cost.”
“So imagine I’m the average American,” I replied. “How am I thinking of credit wrongly?”
Scott said, “I wouldn’t say you’re thinking about it wrongly. You’re probably not thinking about it, right? If you ask a lot of Americans, they often don’t know what the interest rate is on their credit cards. They didn’t get a credit card based on an interest rate. They got it based on flier miles, on gas points, or on a shopping discount, and those cards often times have interest rates of 18-22%. They are not aware of interest rates until they can’t pay it off. It’s more just about being conscious. If you’re using the card and you’re not paying it off, you need to make yourself aware of the interest rate you’re paying, and find out if there’s a smarter way of approaching that.”
Scott further explained this point. “If you have equity in your home, then that’s a great way to pay for lots of things. One thing you should think of right away is to tap that first rather than the credit card. And if you don’t have that credit available, look for a personal loan from Lending Club.”
“Interesting,” I said, thinking about the gap that exists between low-interest mortgages and high-interest credit cards. “Let’s look at another really interesting quote from Renaud. The New York Times Dealbook spoke with him, and to them he said, ‘The reason we like Google is that they are the good guys of tech, and we’re trying to be the good guys of finance.’” I asked Scott, “What does it mean to be the good guys of finance?”
“You’ve talked about some of it already, right? Transparency,” Scott said plainly. “Essentially, delivering a fair, responsible product with transparency as to what you are getting. That is, to me, what it means to be the good guy. We like to make credit available to people who can afford to have it, at a rate that is representative of their risk. A lot of banks won’t make personal loans. And if they do and you qualify, your rate is the same. To this I say, ‘Well, wait a minute. That means if I have an 850 FICO (credit score) I’m paying the same rate as someone who has a 660 FICO?’”
“It’s the same with credit cards,” I said. “People’s FICO scores not involved.”
“Correct, “Scott agreed eagerly. “We are able to give prime credit consumers the credit they deserve. To me, that’s what means to be the good guy.”
I really liked that last sentence. Wanting to hear more about who, exactly, Lending Club was on the path to disrupting I asked, “What is the side of finance that this approach corrects? Referencing these existing non-transparent less-efficient models, how are you different from the traditional financial system?”
Thinking this out, Scott said, “There are a lot of things we’re doing different from the traditional financial system. One is, we were built from the ground up to be technology enabled (he tapped the table with each of these two words). The borrower application is dynamic and progressive. As you’re telling us things, the application changes based on what we are learning about you. The process of underwriting is highly automated. We’re doing as much as we can through third-party data systems and models as opposed to individual humans checking boxes. The process is more efficient. The structure is more efficient. We don’t have the branch system we’re trying to pay for. We don’t have the same capital reserve requirements. This is not FDIC guaranteed (like a savings account at a traditional bank), which means we don’t need to reserve capital against your investment. While we’re subject to all the same fair lending regulations and truth in advertising, we’re not subject to the same capital reserve burdens and regulatory hurdles.”
“Do you think the nation is going to move away from the volatility of the stock market?” I asked.
“Um, boy, that’s too big a sweeping statement for me,” Scott said. “I’ll tell you what we’re observing. People are very hungry for stability and stable yield. I think a lot of people are thinking differently now. This has been a lost decade for investors. People are thinking different about portfolio planning and how to round out their investment portfolios. I think that equities will continue to play a vital role in people’s overall investment mix, but alternatives are certainly getting a lot more interest. People are thinking more broadly. This is why we’re getting such demand right now.”
I switched topics. “Talk to me a little bit about the relationship you have with Prosper. From my conversations with various people, it’s almost like Prosper wants a place at the table, and you guys are kind of hesitant to allow that.”
“Place at what table?” Scott asked.
“In the conversation that is happening about peer to peer lending in general,” I said.

Scott paused. “Prosper is under new management now,” he said. “And I’m excited to see what they do. In the past there have been some pretty big mistakes that we often got swept up in. I think it is a fair statement to say there is a level of enterprise risk that is different between the two companies. We respect their business and are interested to see what happens with the new management, and we want it all to work out great because it is to our benefit to have investors doing well, but I think we’re trying to be cautious about being lumped together.”

“We’re profitable at this point. We have $60 million in cash in the bank. I guess it isn’t that they are not a player in the market, but we’re doing 10 times their volume. So when people say, ‘There are two major players in the market and here’s how they stack up,’ we want to say, ‘Yes, there are more than two players; there are several. But there are very significant differences. We are making lower interest rate loans to a higher credit quality population with a lower default rate. It’s a different risk profile on the investment.'”
We finished by talking about where Lending Club was going in the coming year, about the mobile site they are working on and their upcoming automated investment tool. I asked him if I could see their people at work, and Scott led me around to two different floors, each filled with working employees.
As we walked down the stairs, Scott pointed my attention sideways. At first, I thought he was just admiring the lit glass panels surrounding the stairway, but he actually was pointing through them. Anybody who walks down the stairs at Lending Club is met by a row of bright displays, screens which give constantly updating statistics of Lending Club’s progress. I saw Scott exude a deep-seated pride towards these stats, and it was easy to see why. There, in cascading bar-charts, was Lending Club’s ever growing base of investors and borrowers, of new IRA accounts and large-value deposits. To me it looked something like a revolution, a kaleidoscope of momentum, the epitaph of Wall Street.
Honestly, when I had first walked in to Lending Club that day, I was hoping Renaud Laplanche, Lending Club’s CEO, would be available. I was originally let down when only Scott was available, let down because I assumed he would be less at liberty to speak his mind, less involved with Lending Club’s journey.
I could not have been more wrong. Over the time we met, Sanborn revealed himself to be not just deeply knowledgeable about his company, but unmistakably passionate about its success and mission.
When Scott said goodbye, ushering me away from Lending Club’s offices to the elevator, I was awash with amazement over what I had seen. Something big is happening here. Google’s recent investment is really not the news Bloomberg and Dealbook should be focusing on; it is really just an arrow pointing towards something else: Lending Club itself.
Questions or comments? If you enjoyed this please Like or Tweet it below.
CommentsProfile pictures via Gravatar




Greg says 
May 17, 2013 at 9:14 AM 

Nice writing Simon, but I don’t really see how Lending Club is “doing away” with banking or Wall Street. Yes, they offer a novel mid-range interest rate on personal loans, but that is a far cry from ending the existence of savings accounts, home mortgages, and revolving credit lines.
It is interesting, I suppose, watching this tech-enabled company find that untapped market, but how does that make Wall Street at risk in any way at all?

Reply






Simon Cunningham says 
May 18, 2013 at 3:06 PM 

Hi Greg, thanks for your response. The reason we talk about Lending Club doing away with the banking system and Wall Street are for a couple reasons. Without going into too much detail, the loans are better: more people are approved at lower interest rates. It’s hard for people with decent credit to even get a personal loan these days! Second, the investing side is better: lower volatility than the stock market, higher returns, greater liquidity. If p2p lending catches on, you’re going to have far less independent investors on the stock market, and far fewer people applying to their banks for loans.

Reply








Martin says 
June 19, 2013 at 6:33 PM 

Wow, excellent post Simon. I enjoyed it. What I am interested in a lot is that retail platform. Can a little dude as me participate on it or is it only for a big investors? Or what do they refer to as “retail platform” is the regular platform we see when log in to our accounts?
The next thing I am interested in is the potential IPO. I will definitely be buying some post IPO shares, because I really believe in this business model and I think it has a bright future ahead.

Reply


 
Leave a Question or Comment Cancel reply 
Name
Email (not published)
Your Website
Comment  Notify me of followup comments via e-mail. 

 

 

Our learning center makes peer to peer lending simple and rewarding:



Video courses for beginner and seasoned investors


Helpful eBook on the basics of lending


Monthly newsletter with news and analysis

Sign up for Free


 LendingMemo Media is affiliated with both Lending Club and Prosper. See disclosure.

begin lending today









Signup is free and secure via SSL.



 featured articles




Peer to peer lending: What is it?





Review of Lending Club for New Investors





Review of Prosper for New Investors





Lending Club vs. Prosper: Know the Differences





How to Try P2P Lending With Just $2,000




 

Popular Posts



Check Out these Beautiful Photos of Prosper Marketplace
567 Shares 5







Exclusive: Renaud Laplanche on Growing Lending Club, Post IPO
510 Shares 9







P2P Lending: Why You Need a New Uncorrelated Asset Class
386 Shares 9







Peer to Peer Lending Sites: An Exhaustive Review
309 Shares 24







Exclusive: Aaron Vermut on Prosper Growing 350% in a Year
278 Shares 5







Why Wells Fargo is Terrified of Peer to Peer Lending
235 Shares 25







Default Rates at Lending Club & Prosper: When Loans Go Bad
171 Shares 16







This Investment Has 20 Straight Years of Positive Returns
162 Shares 18




 
XIRR Calculator - Verify your peer to peer ROI


 


Get the newsletter[Open]


Get the newsletter and have exclusive news and analysis sent straight to your inbox.




No spam. We promise.[Close this]







Peer to peer lending made easy.

     Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ 



