

	Tore Sandvold | Schlumberger








































        In compliance with European Union (EU) legislation for visitors from the EU, Schlumberger requests your permission to place cookies on your computer to both improve your experience and to help us improve our website. To find more about these cookies, see the Schlumberger General Website Privacy Statement.






						Accept
					









 










Login | Register | Regional Sites | Contact













 Services & ProductsSeismicMarine Seismic Acquisition
Land Seismic Acquisition
Seismic Reservoir Characterization
Geophysical Processing 
Survey Design & Modeling
Seismic for Unconventional Resources
Borehole Seismic
Seismic Drilling Support
Multiclient Data Library
Geophysics Software 


Drilling ServicesWellhead Systems
Engineering & Real-Time Analysis
Drilling Services & Systems
LWD & MWD
Contract Drilling
Drilling Equipment Sales & Rentals
Drill Bits
Drilling Tools & Products
Drilling Fluid Solutions, Systems & Products
Surface Logging Services
Solids Control & Cuttings Management
Fluids Processing
Drilling Applications
Cementing Services


CharacterizationPetrophysics 
Geology
Geomechanics
Geophysics 
Reservoir Engineering
Reservoir Testing
Wireline Conveyance
Petrotechnical Services
Real-Time Operations Support


Completions15,000-psi Completions Systems
Multistage Stimulation Systems
Multilateral Completion Systems
Permanent Monitoring 
Intelligent Completions
Packers
Liner Hanger Systems
Isolation Valves
Safety Valves
Sand Control Services
Completion Accessories
Completion Systems, Fluids & Tools
Perforating
Stimulation
Subsea Landing String Services


Subsea ProductionSubsea Landing String Services
Subsea Artificial Lift Systems
OneSubsea


Production Artificial Lift
Production Logging
Production Testing
DryAccess Deepwater Production Systems
Production Monitoring
Production Optimization Services
Corrosion Evaluation and Monitoring
Production Technologies: Chemicals & Treatments


Processing & SeparationIntegrated Surface Production System
Oil Treatment
Water Treatment
Gas Processing & Treatment
Solids Management


Well InterventionCoiled Tubing
Slickline
Thru-Tubing Intervention
Wireline Cased Hole Intervention Service
Subsea Landing String Services
Fishing Services
Sidetracking Whipstocks
Stimulation
Comprehensive Plug and Abandonment Systems


Technical ChallengesDeepwater Operations
Flow Assurance
Geothermal Services
Unconventional Resources
Heavy Oil
Enhanced Oil Recovery
Exploration
Geomechanics
High Pressure, High Temperature
Carbonate Reservoirs


Business SolutionsCarbon Services
Geothermal Services
Integrated Oilfield Projects
Schlumberger Production Management
Schlumberger Robotics Services
NExT Oil and Gas Training and Competency Development
Water Services


SoftwareDrilling Software
Geology Software
Geomechanics Software
Geophysics Software
Data & Analytics
Petroleum Economics Software
Petrotechnical IT
Production Software
Reservoir Engineering Software
Software Development (Ocean)
Software Training
Software Support


CompaniesCameron
Geoservices
MegaStir
M-I SWACO
NExT
Omni Seals
OneSubsea
Smith Bits 
WesternGeco



About UsCorporate ProfileBackgrounder


Executive Management
Guiding PrinciplesCorporate Governance
Workforce Diversity


Global Stewardship
Accountability
Code of Conduct
Schlumberger FoundationAbout the Foundation
Board and Staff


Research & EngineeringResearch Centers
Technology & Product Centers


History1920s: The First Well Log
1930s: Technology in Demand
1940s: New Frontiers
1950s: New Technology, Strategic Acquisitions
1960s: From the Ocean Depths to the Moon
1970s: The Exploration Boom
1980s: A Global Research Drive
1990s: Revolutionary Products
2000s: Building on Core Strengths
2010—Today: The Integration of Technology



Investors
NewsroomPress Releases
Executive Presentations
Inside Schlumberger

HSE HSE Management System
HSE Policy Statement 

CareersWho We Are
Recruiting and Training 
Students and Recent Graduates
Experienced Professionals

AlumniBenefitsHuman Resources
Retiree Medical Plan


Network
News

ResourcesCase Studies
Curve Mnemonic Dictionary
Mobile Applications
MSDS or SDS Sheets
Tech Reports
Videos
WebinarsUpstream Technology Leadership Series
WesternGeco Webinar Series


E-mail Subscriptions
Trade Shows & Events
Free Software Utilitiesi-Handbook
PDSView Software Package for Viewing Oilfield Graphics Data Files
WellSync Application
WellEye 3D Borehole Data Viewer


Industry Articles
Training
Oilfield Glossary
Oilfield ReviewOilfield Review
Past Editions
E&P Defining Series
Apps


PublicationsMiddle East and Asia Reservoir Review
Industry Articles
Reference Books
Reservoir Optimization Conferences


Supply Chain Services
Technical Papers
Other ResourcesBrochures
Product Sheets
Catalogs









        You are here:
        Home > About Schlumberger > Schlumberger Foundation > Board and Staff > Tore Sandvold









About Us
Schlumberger Foundation
Board and Staff
Robert Onyejekwe
Tore Sandvold
















Tore Sandvold

Director
Tore Sandvold has more than 30 years of experience in the oil and energy industry. He has served in the Norwegian Ministry of Industry, Oil & Energy in a variety of positions, including as its Director General, with overall responsibility for Norway's national and international oil and gas policy. He has also worked as the Counselor for Energy in the Norwegian Embassy in Washington, D.C., and as executive Chairman of Petoro AS, the Norwegian state-owned oil company. 
Tore has been Chairman of Sandvold Energy AS, an advisory company in the energy business, since September 2002. Since 2003 he has also been a director of Teekay Corporation, a provider of international crude oil and petroleum product transportation services, where he is a member of its nominating and governance committee. Since 2013 he has been a director of Rowan Companies plc, a provider of international and domestic contract drilling services, where he serves on its audit committee and its health, safety and environment committee. He has also served as Chairman of the Board of Misen Energy AB, a Swedish upstream oil and gas company, and is the Chairman of Njord Gas Infrastructure. 
Among other positions, he serves as a Director of Lambert Energy Advisory and the Energy Policy Foundation of Norway. He holds an MBA and an MSc in Finance from the University of Wisconsin. Tore joined the board of the Schlumberger Foundation in 2011 to support and contribute to its efforts to provide higher education to women from developing countries, a task that he considers extremely important.











    © 2017 Schlumberger Limited. All rights reserved. | Privacy | Terms | Help | Site Map | Contact





























 

        















 


   Tore Sandvold | Sandvold Energy AS | ZoomInfo.com

Tore I. Sandvold: Executive Profile & Biography - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 22, 2017 1:49 PM ET
Energy Equipment and Services

Company Overview of Schlumberger Limited



SnapshotPeople 




OverviewBoard MembersCommittees



Executive Profile
Tore I. Sandvold  Director, Schlumberger LimitedAgeTotal Calculated CompensationThis person is connected to 5 Board Members in 5 different organizations across 7 different industries.See Board Relationships69$306,150
Background

		Mr. Tore I. Sandvold serves as an Advisor of Ruhrgas AG and Advisor to companies and advisory bodies in the energy industry, including the major German gas company. Mr. Sandvold served as Group Chief Executive Officer of Misen Energy AB (publ). He served as the Chief Executive Officer of Misen Energy AB since September 1, 2012. He has experience in the oil and energy industry. He served as a Director General of the Norwegian Ministry of Oil & Energy, with overall responsibility ... for Norway's national and international oil and gas policy from 1990 to May 2001. He joined the Norwegian Ministry of Industry, Oil & Energy in 1973, serving in a variety of positions in the area of domestic and international energy policy. In 1987, he accepted a diplomatic posting as the Counselor for Energy in the Norwegian Embassy in Washington, D.C. He serves as the Chairman of Njord Gas Infrastructure AS. He has been the Chairman of Sandvold Energy AS, an advisory company in the energy business since September 2002. He served as the Chairman at Misen Energy AB (publ) and served as its Director from 2011 to October 27, 2014. He served as the Chairman of the Board of Petoro AS, a Norwegian state-owned oil company from May 2001 to September 2002. He has been an Independent Director at Rowan Companies plc since May 31, 2013. He serves as a Director at NorWind AS. Mr. Sandvold has been a Director of Teekay Corporation since July 21, 2003 and Schlumberger Limited since 2004. Mr. Sandvold serves as a Director of Offshore Northern Seas, Ruhrgas Norge AS, Stavanger University College and the Energy Policy Foundation of Norway. He serves on the boards of Lambert Energy Advisory Ltd., E.on Rhrgas Norge AS. He holds an MBA and an MSc in Finance from the University of Wisconsin.Read Full Background




Corporate Headquarters
5599 San FelipeHouston, Texas 77056United StatesPhone: 713-513-2000Fax: --
Board Members Memberships
DirectorNorWind ASChairmanNjord Gas Infrastructure AS2003-PresentDirectorTeekay Corporation2004-PresentDirectorSchlumberger Limited2013-PresentIndependent DirectorRowan Companies plc
Education
MS University of Wisconsin - MadisonMBA University of Wisconsin - Madison
Other Affiliations
Rowan Companies plcTeekay CorporationUniversity of Wisconsin - MadisonWintershall Norge ASNorWind ASNjord Gas Infrastructure ASMisen Energy AB (publ)


Annual Compensation
				There is no Annual Compensation data available.
				Stocks Options
				There is no Stock Options data available.
				Total Compensation
Total Annual Cash Compensation$127,500Total Calculated Compensation$306,150




Request Profile Update
















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



COMPETITOR COMPENSATIONNamePosition/CompanyCompensationUlrich  Spiesshofer Chief Executive Officer and PresidentABB Ltd$4.2MThomas A. Kennedy Ph.D.Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive OfficerRaytheon Company$1.3MPhebe N. Novakovic Chairman and Chief Executive OfficerGeneral Dynamics Corporation$1.6MMarillyn A. Hewson Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer Lockheed Martin Corporation$1.6MJean-Pascal  Tricoire Chairman and Chief Executive OfficerSchneider Electric S.E.$3.0MCompensation as of Fiscal Year 2016.










Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Schlumberger Limited, please visit .  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close



































Tore I. Sandvold - Executive Bio, Compensation History, and Contacts - Equilar Atlas










 

















Log in | Sign up








x

 






As Featured In



















Tore I. Sandvold
Board Member at Schlumberger Limited


View Full Profile
Are you Tore I. Sandvold? Claim your profile


 


Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Tore I. Sandvold's full profile. 
With Equilar Atlas, you can:



IDENTIFY corporate executives in Tore I. Sandvold's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Tore I. Sandvold's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Tore I. Sandvold through your network of contacts.
												








Tore I. Sandvold's Executive Work History


Current


Board Member, 
Schlumberger Limited


Board Member, 
Rowan Companies plc


Past
To view Tore I. Sandvold's complete executive work history, sign up now
Age
69

 
 


Tore I. Sandvold's Biography



Tore I. Sandvold has served as a Teekay director since 2003. He has over 30 years of experience in the oil and energy industry. From 1973 to 1987, he served in the Norwegian Ministry of Industry, Oil & Energy in a variety of positions in the areas of domestic and international energy policy. From 1987 to 1990, he served as the Counselor for Energy in the Norwegian Embassy in Washington, D.C. From 1990 to 2001, Mr. Sandvold served as Director General of the Norwegian Ministry of Oil & Energy, with overall responsibility for Norway's national and international oil and gas policy. From 2001 to 2002, he served as Chairman of the Board of Petoro,  ...
(Read More)

			Tore I. Sandvold has served as a Teekay director since 2003. He has over 30 years of experience in the oil and energy industry. From 1973 to 1987, he served in the Norwegian Ministry of Industry, Oil & Energy in a variety of positions in the areas of domestic and international energy policy. From 1987 to 1990, he served as the Counselor for Energy in the Norwegian Embassy in Washington, D.C. From 1990 to 2001, Mr. Sandvold served as Director General of the Norwegian Ministry of Oil & Energy, with overall responsibility for Norway's national and international oil and gas policy. From 2001 to 2002, he served as Chairman of the Board of Petoro, the Norwegian state-owned oil company that is the largest oil asset manager on the Norwegian continental shelf. From 2002 to the present, Mr. Sandvold, through his company, Sandvold Energy AS, has acted as advisor to companies and advisory bodies in the energy industry. Mr. Sandvold serves on other boards, including those of Schlumberger Limited, Lambert Energy Advisory Ltd., Energy Policy Foundation of Norway, Rowan Companies plc and Njord Gas Infrastructure.
		
Source: Teekay Corporation on 02/21/2017
		
	

 






Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Tore I. Sandvold's full profile. 



												By accessing Equilar Atlas, you can view bios, network, salary and wealth events
												of industry-leading executives like Tore I. Sandvold. More specifically, you'll be able to:
												

IDENTIFY corporate executives in Tore I. Sandvold's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Tore I. Sandvold's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Tore I. Sandvold through your network of conections.
												




View Full Profile


 








Search for over 360,000 executive profiles.





/bio



													Example: Tore I. Sandvold


















Tore I. Sandvold's Connections (117)





Sign up now to view Tore I. Sandvold's 117 connections »









Indra K. Nooyi
Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer, Pepsico, Inc.









Jack B. Moore
Board Member, KBR, Inc.









Linda G. Stuntz
Board Member, Royal Dutch Shell plc









William B. Berry
Board Member, Frank's International N.V.









William P. Utt
Interim Chairman of the Board, Cobalt International Energy, Inc.









Helge Lund
Former Chief executive officer, Statoil ASA









Kundapur V. Kamath
Former Board Member, Schlumberger Limited









Peter L. Currie
Former Board Member, Schlumberger Limited









Thomas R. Hix
Board Member, EP Energy Corporation









W. Matt Ralls
Board Member, Cabot Oil & Gas Corporation








Popular Profiles






														Sign up now to view more executive profiles »
														









Thomas J. Lynch
Executive Chairman, TE Connectivity Ltd.









John J. Kita
EVP and CFO, A. O. Smith









Elon R. Musk
CEO and Chairman, Tesla









Jan Koum
Board Member, Facebook, Inc.









Philip L. Milstein
Board Member, The Marcus Corporation












×

Claim Your Profile Coming Soon
Interested in updating your biography and work history?
We're working on making it happen.
We'll email you when this feature is available.
Please enter valid email address.

Done


Thank you for your interest.
Ok






			Browse executive profiles:
			
				 A
			
				 B
			
				 C
			
				 D
			
				 E
			
				 F
			
				 G
			
				 H
			
				 I
			
				 J
			
				 K
			
				 L
			
				 M
			
				 N
			
				 O
			
				 P
			
				 Q
			
				 R
			
				 S
			
				 T
			
				 U
			
				 V
			
				 W
			
				 X
			
				 Y
			
				 Z



Equilar Homepage
Equilar Atlas
Equilar Insight
Equilar BoardEdge
Equilar Engage
Research Services
Knowledge Network
About Us
Login

� 2017 Equilar All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
1100 Marshall Street, Redwood City, CA 94063 | Phone (650) 241-6600 | Fax (650) 701-0993






















Page not found - TheStreet

















 

 




















Action Alerts PLUS

Access AAPJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 2017Charitable Trust PortfolioMost Recent Trade Alert25 Investing Rules10 Trading Commandments

Real Money

Access RM25 Rules of InvestingJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 201710 CommandmentsStressed Out StocksCramer's Blog

Cramer
Mad Money
ETFs
Futures
Markets
Much More

BanksBiotechRetailTechPersonal FinanceRetirementFinancial Advisor CenterHow to SpendOptionsFixed IncomeVideo










Privacy Policy|Terms of Use© 1996- TheStreet Inc. All rights reserved
















                                DJIA
                            







                                NASDAQ
                            







                                S&P 500
                            






Market Data updated






Sign In




Your Membership(s)








Your Account





Account Preferences


Alerts


Newsletters







Subscribe





Logout



Subscribe

Access insights and guidance from our Wall Street pros. Find the product that's right for you.
Action Alerts PLUS
Action Alerts OPTIONS
Daily Swing Trade
Income Seeker
Quant Ratings
Real Money
Real Money Pro
Stocks Under $10
Top Stocks
Trifecta Stocks
Real Money Pro Portfolio
Chairman's Club
Compare All 
Chatter on the Street




































 
















Page not found

        Sorry, the page you're looking for is not available.
    
    You might want to try:
    

Our homepage


Our most popular stories






























 


©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved.Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc.




Compare Brokers



 







 







 







 







 







 














Form  4          ROWAN COMPANIES PLC       For: Apr 28  Filed by: SANDVOLD TORE I

















































Close (X)
	Set up related e-mail alerts – FREE!






Categories
Entities
Stocks
Sign up!



SEC Filings







RDC





E-mail Address




















 













Log-In
|
Home
|
E-mail Alerts
|
My Headlines
|
Portfolio



Upgrade to StreetInsider Premium! - Free Trial








 




Home


Menu

JOIN
SI Premium
Ratings
M&A Insider
EPS Insider
Dividends
IPO Insider
Hedge Funds
Premium Letters
Submit Release


JOIN

SI Premium

Full Feed View
Headline View
SI Premium Squawk Box
Alerts
Custom Headlines 
UPGRADE TO SI PREMIUM
License



Calendars

Dividend Calendar
Earnings Calendar
Event Driven
FDA Calendar
Investor Conferences
IPO Calendar
Merger Arb
Ratings Calendar
Stock Split Calendar 



Ratings

Analyst Comments
Hot Analyst Comments
Analyst EPS Change
Analyst EPS View
Analyst PT Change
Credit Ratings
Downgrade News
Hot Downgrades
New Coverage News
Hot New Coverage
Upgrade News
Hot Upgrades
More...



M&A Insider

Merger News
Hot M&A News
Private Equity
Rumors
Spinoffs
Merger Arbitrage
Event Driven
2017 Top M&A Deals
Top 50 Takeover Targets
More...



EPS Insider

Earnings Calendar
Earnings News
Hot Earnings
Guidance
Hot Guidance
Conference Calls
Earnings History Search
More...



Dividends

Dividend Calendar
Dividend News
Hot Dividends
Dividend Hike
Special Dividends
Stock Buybacks
Hot Stock Buybacks
Stock Splits
More...



IPO Insider

IPO News
Hot IPOs
Equity Offerings
Recent IPOs
Upcoming IPOs
2017 Top IPOs
More...



Hedge Funds

13D
13F
13G
Hedge Funds News
Hot Insider Trades
Insider Trades
More...



Premium Letters

NEW *** Dividend Insider Elite
Pulse Picks
Ratings Insider Elite
Stealth Growth Insider


Submit Release





QUICK LINKS :
Goldman Sachs Conviction Buy List
Carl Icahn News
Warren Buffett News
Ackman News

Follow @Street_Insider









SEC Filings







Form  4          ROWAN COMPANIES PLC       For: Apr 28  Filed by: SANDVOLD TORE I

Article
Stock Quotes (1)
Comments (0)


May 2, 2017 6:40 PM EDT

 Tweet
 Share
 E-mail
0 shares










Get daily under-the-radar research with StreetInsider.com's Stealth Growth Insider Get your 2-Wk Free Trial here.



FORM
				4

UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSIONWashington, D.C. 20549STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN BENEFICIAL OWNERSHIPFiled pursuant to Section 16(a) of the Securities
					Exchange Act of 1934or Section 30(h) of the Investment Company Act of
					1940


OMB APPROVAL


OMB Number:
3235-0287


Expires:
December 31, 2014

Estimated average burden

hours per response:
0.5





  

				Check this box if no longer subject to Section 16. Form 4 or Form 5
				obligations may continue.
				See

				Instruction 1(b).
			






                    1. Name and Address of Reporting Person
                    *SANDVOLD TORE I


(Last)
(First)
(Middle)


2800 POST OAK BLVD., SUITE 5450



(Street)
HOUSTON
TX
77056



(City)
(State)
(Zip)




                    2. Issuer Name
                    and
                    Ticker or Trading Symbol
                ROWAN COMPANIES PLC
                    [
                    RDC
                    ]
            

5. Relationship of Reporting Person(s) to Issuer
                (Check all applicable)

X
Director

10% Owner



Officer (give title below)

Other (specify below)






3. Date of Earliest Transaction
                    (Month/Day/Year)04/28/2017



4. If Amendment, Date of Original Filed
                    (Month/Day/Year)


6. Individual or Joint/Group Filing (Check
                    Applicable Line)
                

X
Form filed by One Reporting Person



Form filed by More than One Reporting
                            Person







Table I - Non-Derivative Securities Acquired, Disposed of, or
						Beneficially Owned

1.
					Title of Security (Instr.
					3)
				
2.
					Transaction Date
					(Month/Day/Year)
2A.
					Deemed Execution Date, if any
					(Month/Day/Year)
3.
					Transaction Code (Instr.
					8)
				
4.
					Securities Acquired (A) or Disposed Of (D) (Instr.
					3, 4 and 5)
				
5.
					Amount of Securities Beneficially Owned Following Reported
					Transaction(s) (Instr.
					3 and 4)
				
6.
					Ownership Form: Direct (D) or Indirect (I) (Instr.
					4)
				
7.
					Nature of Indirect Beneficial Ownership (Instr.
					4)
				


Code
V
Amount
(A) or (D)
Price




                Ordinary Shares
            
04/28/2017

							 
						
F

							 
						

                    560
                    
		  (1)
		


                    D
                

$
                    14.105
                    
		  (2)
		



                    37,744
                    
		  (3)
		


                    D
                

							 
						





Table II - Derivative Securities Acquired, Disposed of, or Beneficially Owned(e.g., puts, calls, warrants, options, convertible securities)


1. Title of Derivative Security (Instr. 
      3)
   
2. Conversion or Exercise Price of Derivative Security
   
3. Transaction Date
      (Month/Day/Year)
3A. Deemed Execution Date, if any
      (Month/Day/Year)
4. Transaction Code (Instr. 
      8)
   
5. 
      Number of Derivative Securities Acquired (A) or Disposed of (D) (Instr. 
      3, 4 and 5)
   
6. Date Exercisable and Expiration Date 
      (Month/Day/Year)
7. Title and Amount of Securities Underlying Derivative Security (Instr. 
      3 and 4)
   
8. Price of Derivative Security (Instr. 
      5)
   
9. 
      Number of derivative Securities Beneficially Owned Following Reported Transaction(s) (Instr. 
      4)
   
10. Ownership Form: Direct (D) or Indirect (I) (Instr. 
      4)
   
11. Nature of Indirect Beneficial Ownership (Instr. 
      4)
   


Code
V
(A)
(D)
Date Exercisable
Expiration Date
Title
Amount or Number of Shares





Explanation of Responses:

1. These shares were surrendered for tax withholding upon vesting of restricted shares on April 28, 2017.

2. Sales price is the fair market value on April 28, 2017.

3. Includes 22,549 restricted share units held by the reporting person which will settle in shares, cash or a combination, at the discretion of the Compensation Committee, upon departure from the Board.




/s/ Stephen M. Butz, Attorney-in-Fact
05/02/2017



** Signature of Reporting Person
Date

Reminder: Report on a separate line for each class of securities beneficially owned directly or indirectly.
* If the form is filed by more than one reporting person, 
                  see

                  Instruction 
                  4

                  (b)(v).
** Intentional misstatements or omissions of facts constitute Federal Criminal Violations 
                  See

                  18 U.S.C. 1001 and 15 U.S.C. 78ff(a).
Note: File three copies of this Form, one of which must be manually signed. If space is insufficient, 
                  see

                  Instruction 6 for procedure.
Persons who respond to the collection of information contained in this form are not required to respond unless the form displays a currently valid OMB Number.


LIMITED POWER OF ATTORNEY FOR
SECTION 16 REPORTING OBLIGATIONS

	Know all by these presents that the undersigned hereby makes, constitutes and
appoints each of Stephen Butz, Dennis Baldwin, Heather McLemore and Geji Loether
as the undersigned's true and lawful attorney-in-fact, with full power and
authority as hereinafter described on behalf of and in the name, place and stead
of the undersigned to:

(1)	prepare, execute, acknowledge, deliver and file Forms 3, 4, and 5 (including
any amendments thereto) with respect to the securities of Rowan Companies plc, a
public limited company incorporated under English law (the "Company"), with the
United States Securities and Exchange Commission, any national securities
exchanges and the Company, as considered necessary or advisable under Section
16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and the rules and regulations
promulgated thereunder, as amended from time to time (the "Exchange Act");

(2)	seek or obtain, as the undersigned's representative and on the undersigned's
behalf, information on transactions in the Company's securities from any third
party, including brokers, employee benefit plan administrators and trustees, and
the undersigned hereby authorizes any such person to release any such
information to the undersigned and approves and ratifies any such release of
information; and

(3)	perform any and all other acts which in the discretion of such
attorney-in-fact are necessary or desirable for and on behalf of the undersigned
in connection with the foregoing.

       The undersigned acknowledges that:

(1)	this Power of Attorney authorizes, but does not require, such
attorney-in-fact to act in their discretion on information provided to such
attorney-in-fact without independent verification of such information;

(2)	any documents prepared and/or executed by such attorney-in-fact on behalf of
the undersigned pursuant to this Power of Attorney will be in such form and will
contain such information and disclosure as such attorney-in-fact, in his or her
discretion, deems necessary or desirable;

(3)	neither the Company nor such attorney-in-fact assumes (i) any liability for
the undersigned's responsibility to comply with the requirement of the Exchange
Act, (ii) any liability of the undersigned for any failure to comply with such
requirements, or (iii) any obligation or liability of the undersigned for profit
disgorgement under Section 16(b) of the Exchange Act; and

(4)	this Power of Attorney does not relieve the undersigned from responsibility
for compliance with the undersigned's obligations under the Exchange Act,
including without limitation the reporting requirements under Section 16 of the
Exchange Act.

	The undersigned hereby gives and grants the foregoing attorney-in-fact full
power and authority to do and perform all and every act and thing whatsoever
requisite, necessary or appropriate to be done in and about the foregoing
matters as fully to all intents and purposes as the undersigned might or could
do if present, hereby ratifying all that such attorney-in-fact of, for and on
behalf of the undersigned, shall lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue of
this Limited Power of Attorney.

	The undersigned hereby revokes all prior Powers of Attorney given to officers
of Rowan Companies, Inc. or Rowan Companies plc for authority related to the
undersigned's reporting requirements under Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act and
acknowledges that this Power of Attorney shall supersede and replace all such
prior Powers of Attorney.

This Power of Attorney shall remain in full force and effect until the earlier
of (i) the date this power of attorney is revoked by the undersigned in a signed
writing delivered to such attorney-in-fact or (ii) the date the undersigned is
no longer required to make such filings.

	IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has caused this Power of Attorney to be
executed as April 30, 2017.

/s/ Tore I. Sandvold


















FREE Breaking News Alerts from StreetInsider.com!


E-mail Address








StreetInsider.com Top Tickers, 7/22/2017

1. MSFT
2. V
3. EBAY
4. ETFC
5. GE


6. SWKS
7. ATHN
8. COF
9. USO
10. SKX













Top News
Most Read
Special Reports



Wall Street dips as GE, energy shares weigh
Microsoft (MSFT) Tops Q4 EPS by 27c
White House spokesman Spicer out as Trump seeks to fix image
General Electric (GE) Tops Q2 EPS by 3c, Revenues Beat
Visa (V) Tops Q3 EPS by 5c, Sales Beat




Tupperware Brands (TUP) Winds-Down Beauticontrol Unit After Unsuccessful Sale
Jacobs Engineering (JEC) is Said to be in Advanced Talks to Buy CH2M - Bloomberg, Citing Times
After-Hours Stock Movers 07/20: (AEZS) (ATHN) (MSFT) Higher; (MANH) (NCR) (MXIM) Lower (more...)
Baozun (BZUN) PT Raised to $36 at BofA/Merrill Lynch, Positive FY2018/2019 EPS Revisions
Zion Oil & Gas, Inc. (ZN) Says Drilling Operations Exceed One Mile Depth in Israel




Pre-Open Movers 07/21: (PLUG) (AEZS) (ATHN) Higher; (MANH) (SMCI) (NCR) Lower (more...)
After-Hours Stock Movers 07/20: (AEZS) (ATHN) (MSFT) Higher; (MANH) (NCR) (MXIM) Lower (more...)
Pre-Open Movers 07/20: (HPJ) (SHLD) (SRPT) Higher; (PTC) (CHRW) (FMSA) Lower (more...)
After-Hours Stock Movers 07/19: (HPJ) (AVA) (SRPT) Higher; (PTC) (CFRX) (CHRW) Lower (more...)
Pre-Open Stock Movers 07/19: (AEZS) (VRTX) (SNI) Higher; (DRYS) (NTRS) (HDP) Lower (more...)











Serious News for Serious Traders!  Try StreetInsider.com Premium Free!

You May Also Be Interested In

Seaport Global Securities Upgrades Rowan Companies (RDC) to Neutral
/C O R R E C T I O N -- Bush Brothers & Company/
PCM to Release Q2 2017 Results July 26, 2017


























Create E-mail Alert
	Related Categories
	
SEC Filings 




Login with Facebook


Add Your Comment

Name


Subject

Body


Share on Facebook



Verification

can't see the text? click here to refresh the image.
what's this?




Sign up for StreetInsider Free!
Receive full access to all new and archived articles, unlimited portfolio tracking, e-mail alerts, custom newswires and RSS feeds - and more!









 























 Free News FeedGet our RSS Feed!


© Copyright 2017 StreetInsider.com



Home
Member's Home
Premium Content


Links
Entities
About StreetInsider
Get Our Content


Advertise with Us
Contact Us
Disclaimer
Privacy Policy

















 


Tore Sandvold
 | LinkedIn
 


























 









LinkedIn



















































Main content starts below.




Tore SandvoldAnleggsleder at Anlegg Øst EntreprenørLocationLillehammer, Oppland, NorwayIndustryMachineryCurrentAnlegg Øst EntreprenørEducationHøgskulen i Sogn og Fjordane (HSF)7 connectionsView Tore’s full profile. It's free!Your colleagues, classmates, and 500 million other professionals are on LinkedIn.View Tore’s Full ProfileExperienceAnleggslederAnlegg Øst EntreprenørPresentEducationHøgskulen i Sogn og Fjordane (HSF)bachleorbachleor2000  –  2003View Tore’s full profile to...See who you know in commonGet introducedContact Tore directlyView Tore’s Full ProfileView this profile in another languageEnglishChinese (Simplified)People Also ViewedJAMES SARDOClinical Nurse Educator Invasive Cardiologyv santhanaraman--Varun ShettyResident Physician at The MetroHealth System (Cleveland, OH)Urja ShahAttended University of MumbaiTomonori ItoExecutive Administration at Rikkyo Universityvalentin jara--Trevor ThielGM at Fiesta FordTrevor ThieleDirector at N/aVan Honeycutt--Thomas BrosigCEO at BrosigPublic profile badgeInclude this LinkedIn profile on other websitesView profile badgesSearch by nameOver 500 million professionals are already on LinkedIn. Find who you know.First NameLast NameExample:  Jeff WeinerLinkedIn member directory:abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyzmoreBrowse members by country























Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft














tore sandvold - NetFind Content Results










AOL Search
Skip over navigation


















Search the Web




























Web


Web



Content











Tor Free Download - Download Tor Today!



Ad
 ·
Download3.co/​Tor



Download Tor Today! 100% Fast & Free Tor Download.





Download Tor Free



Top Recommended Download




Free Tor Download



Tor Free





Tor - Download free!



Ad
 ·
downloadbul.com/​tor



Download free! Download Tor  fast - secure - free!




Tor - Download for free!



Ad
 ·
download77.com/​tor



Download for free! Download Tor for free, Install 2016 here!





Tor Download Free



Tor for Windows



100% free Download



Tor Update





Tor - Download for free!



Ad
 ·
downloadmxi.com/​tor



Download for free! Download Tor for free, Install 2016 here!















Tore Sinding




Tore Sinding (1903 in Stavern – 1969 in Solbukta, Frogn) was a Norwegian pianist and composer. He studied piano with Mary Barratt Due and Nils Larsen and organ with Arild Sandvold.

more


Go to:
Encyclopedia
-
News
-
Videos
-
Reference


Source:
Wikipedia







Results From The WOW.Com Content Network

1300 Oslo - WOW.com

www.wow.com/wiki/Oslo_13


1300 Oslo (active from 1979 in Oslo, Norway) was a Norwegian jazz band originally called Oslo 13 (1979–93), founded and operated the first two years by Bror ...


Arild Sandvold - WOW.com

www.wow.com/wiki/Arild_Sandvold


Arild Edvin Sandvold (June 2, 1895 – August 12, 1984) was a Norwegian organist, composer, and choir conductor. Sandvold spent most of his career as the cathedral ...


Eg veit i himmerik ei borg - WOW.com

www.wow.com/wiki/Eg_veit_i_himmerik_ei_borg


Eg veit i himmerik ei borg is a Norwegian folk song, coming from Hallingdal. The text is German, from before 1600. ... Arild Sandvold, Sissel Kyrkjeb ...


- WOW.com

www.wow.com/wiki/Nancy_Sandvold


You have no Favorite Channels. To follow a channel click the ... If you wish to view your Favorite Channels from anywhere on the site, click on the My Favorites link ...


Medal of St. Hallvard - WOW.com

www.wow.com/wiki/St._Hallvard_Medal


You have no Favorite Channels. To follow a channel click the ... If you wish to view your Favorite Channels from anywhere on the site, click on the My Favorites link ...


1300 Oslo - WOW.com

www.wow.com/wiki/1300_Oslo


You have no Favorite Channels. To follow a channel click the ... If you wish to view your Favorite Channels from anywhere on the site, click on the My Favorites link ...


List of Simax albums - WOW.com

www.wow.com/wiki/Simax_catalog


You have no Favorite Channels. To follow a channel click the ... If you wish to view your Favorite Channels from anywhere on the site, click on the My Favorites link ...


Tesla fire in Norway caused by a short circuit - Autoblog

www.autoblog.com/2016/03/18/tesla-fire-norway-cause-short-circuit


Tesla fire in Norway caused by a short circuit ... That's what Even Sandvold ... Tesla on Friday confirmed in an e-mail to Autoblog that "there was an ...


2010 in Norway - WOW.com

www.wow.com/wiki/2010_in_Norway


^ "Haakon Sandvold". ... Christian; Nilssen, Tore (23 September 2010). "Vizrts ... Wikimedia Commons has media related to 2010 in Norway. v; t; e; Years in Norway ...


List of years in Norwegian music - WOW.com

www.wow.com/wiki/List_of_years_in_Norwegian_music


Source: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_years_in_Norwegian_music Updated: 2017-04-02T19:33Z This page indexes the individual year in Norwegian music pages. Each ...










Tor Free Download - Download Tor Today!



Ad
 ·
Download3.co/​Tor



Download Tor Today! 100% Fast & Free Tor Download.





Download Tor Free



Top Recommended Download




Free Tor Download



Tor Free





Tor - Download free!



Ad
 ·
downloadbul.com/​tor



Download free! Download Tor  fast - secure - free!




Tor - Download for free!



Ad
 ·
download77.com/​tor



Download for free! Download Tor for free, Install 2016 here!





Tor Download Free



Tor for Windows



100% free Download



Tor Update





Tor - Download for free!



Ad
 ·
downloadmxi.com/​tor



Download for free! Download Tor for free, Install 2016 here!


1234Next
















Search the Web

















© AOL Inc. All Rights Reserved.Privacy
 | Terms of Use
 | Preferences
 | Contact Us
 | Powered by Bing™

Wow.com - Part of the AOL Search Network








