

























Sanders Capital LLC Boosts Position in Stanley Black & Decker, Inc. (SWK) - BNB Daily





































 
















 

 













Daily Ratings & News for Stanley Black & Decker Inc.
Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Stanley Black & Decker Inc. with our free daily email newsletter:



 




Follow @bnbdailynews





Recent Posts

Carillion plc (CLLN) Receives “Reduce” Rating from Peel Hunt
Western Digital Corporation (WDC) Earns Buy Rating from Aegis
Tesla Inc. (TSLA) Stock Rating Upgraded by Vetr Inc.
Yum China Holdings Inc (YUMC) Downgraded to Hold at Deutsche Bank AG
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (The) Analysts Give Hapag-Lloyd AG (HLAG) a €30.00 Price Target
Sanders Capital LLC Boosts Position in Stanley Black & Decker, Inc. (SWK)
Bank of Nova Scotia Purchases Shares of 29,412 Raymond James Financial, Inc. (RJF)
Dover Corporation (DOV) Shares Bought by Farmers National Bank
Parker-Hannifin Corporation (PH) Shares Bought by Bank of Nova Scotia
TiVo Corporation (TIVO) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Hold
Fomento Economico Mexicano S.A.B. de C.V. (NYSE:FMX) Position Increased by Goldman Sachs Group Inc.
Crescent Point Energy Corporation (CPG) Position Decreased by Point72 Asset Management L.P.
Caseys General Stores, Inc. (NASDAQ:CASY) Position Decreased by Goldman Sachs Group Inc.
The Spectranetics Corporation (NASDAQ:SPNC) Position Increased by Point72 Asset Management L.P.
Goldman Sachs Group Inc. Sells 12,019 Shares of Nordson Corporation (NDSN)
Umpqua Holdings Corporation (UMPQ) Lifted to Hold at BidaskClub
Point72 Asia Hong Kong Ltd Acquires 3,534 Shares of American International Group, Inc. (AIG)
Bank of Nova Scotia Acquires 47,353 Shares of DENTSPLY SIRONA Inc. (XRAY)
Zacks: Brokerages Anticipate Hologic, Inc. (HOLX) Will Post Earnings of $0.49 Per Share
Zacks: Analysts Expect Patheon NV (NASDAQ:PTHN) Will Post Earnings of $0.32 Per Share


 


Sanders Capital LLC Boosts Position in Stanley Black & Decker, Inc. (SWK)

Posted by Dan Jones on Jul 24th, 2017 // No Comments 

Sanders Capital LLC boosted its stake in shares of Stanley Black & Decker, Inc. (NYSE:SWK) by 4.6% during the first quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The fund owned 596,989 shares of the industrial products company’s stock after buying an additional 26,000 shares during the period. Sanders Capital LLC owned about 0.39% of Stanley Black & Decker worth $81,162,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. 
Several other large investors have also recently modified their holdings of the stock. Thompson Davis & CO. Inc. acquired a new position in Stanley Black & Decker during the first quarter worth about $108,000. Alexandria Capital LLC boosted its position in Stanley Black & Decker by 3.3% in the first quarter. Alexandria Capital LLC now owns 826 shares of the industrial products company’s stock worth $110,000 after buying an additional 26 shares in the last quarter. Pacad Investment Ltd. acquired a new position in Stanley Black & Decker during the fourth quarter worth about $103,000. Tompkins Financial Corp boosted its position in Stanley Black & Decker by 689.6% in the first quarter. Tompkins Financial Corp now owns 987 shares of the industrial products company’s stock worth $104,000 after buying an additional 862 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Coconut Grove Bank boosted its position in Stanley Black & Decker by 98.4% in the first quarter. Coconut Grove Bank now owns 1,010 shares of the industrial products company’s stock worth $134,000 after buying an additional 501 shares in the last quarter. Institutional investors own 83.60% of the company’s stock. 


 Get Stanley Black & Decker Inc. alerts:



Shares of Stanley Black & Decker, Inc. (NYSE:SWK) opened at 146.79 on Monday. Stanley Black & Decker, Inc. has a 52 week low of $111.89 and a 52 week high of $148.32. The company has a market cap of $22.45 billion, a PE ratio of 18.74 and a beta of 1.10. The stock’s 50 day moving average price is $142.29 and its 200-day moving average price is $132.66. 




Stanley Black & Decker (NYSE:SWK) last released its earnings results on Friday, April 21st. The industrial products company reported $1.29 earnings per share for the quarter, beating the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $1.19 by $0.10. The company had revenue of $2.81 billion for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $2.76 billion. Stanley Black & Decker had a return on equity of 15.47% and a net margin of 10.13%. Stanley Black & Decker’s quarterly revenue was up 5.0% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period in the previous year, the business earned $1.28 earnings per share. Analysts expect that Stanley Black & Decker, Inc. will post $7.24 EPS for the current year. 
The firm also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Tuesday, September 19th. Shareholders of record on Friday, September 1st will be issued a dividend of $0.63 per share. The ex-dividend date is Wednesday, August 30th. This is a boost from Stanley Black & Decker’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.58. This represents a $2.52 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 1.72%. Stanley Black & Decker’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is currently 29.67%. 
TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: “Sanders Capital LLC Boosts Position in Stanley Black & Decker, Inc. (SWK)” was reported by BNB Daily and is owned by of BNB Daily. If you are viewing this article on another domain, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of international copyright legislation. The correct version of this article can be accessed at https://www.baseball-news-blog.com/2017/07/24/sanders-capital-llc-buys-26000-shares-of-stanley-black-decker-inc-swk-updated-updated.html. 
A number of research firms recently issued reports on SWK. Zacks Investment Research raised Stanley Black & Decker from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $153.00 price target for the company in a report on Tuesday, May 23rd. Seaport Global Securities started coverage on Stanley Black & Decker in a report on Friday, June 16th. They set a “buy” rating and a $160.00 price objective for the company. Wolfe Research started coverage on Stanley Black & Decker in a report on Tuesday, July 11th. They set an “outperform” rating and a $160.00 price objective for the company. Imperial Capital boosted their price objective on Stanley Black & Decker from $125.00 to $148.00 and gave the stock an “in-line” rating in a report on Tuesday, May 9th. Finally, FBR & Co reissued an “outperform” rating on shares of Stanley Black & Decker in a report on Tuesday, July 11th. Five research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and twelve have issued a buy rating to the company. Stanley Black & Decker has an average rating of “Buy” and an average price target of $152.58.
In other Stanley Black & Decker news, SVP Jaime A. Ramirez sold 10,440 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction dated Friday, June 9th. The stock was sold at an average price of $139.56, for a total transaction of $1,457,006.40. Following the sale, the senior vice president now directly owns 41,541 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $5,797,461.96. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which is available through this hyperlink. 1.15% of the stock is owned by company insiders. 
About Stanley Black & Decker
Stanley Black & Decker, Inc is a global provider of hand tools, power tools and related accessories, mechanical access solutions, such as automatic doors and commercial locking systems, electronic security and monitoring systems, healthcare solutions, engineered fastening systems, and products and services for various industrial applications. 

 
Receive News & Ratings for Stanley Black & Decker Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Stanley Black & Decker Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 





















Latest News




Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name (Required) 



Mail (will not be published) (Required) 



Website






 






























﻿






























Capital Product Partners L.P. (CPLP) Stake Boosted by Sanders Morris Harris LLC - Chaffey Breeze













































 
















 



  
 
 
























Daily Ratings & News for Capital Product Partners L.P.

        
	Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Capital Product Partners L.P. with our free daily email newsletter:










Follow @chaffeybreeze












Recent Posts

Fastenal Company (FAST) Shares Bought by Nisa Investment Advisors LLC
Sanders Morris Harris LLC Continues to Hold Stake in Steel Dynamics, Inc. (STLD)
Capital Product Partners L.P. (CPLP) Stake Boosted by Sanders Morris Harris LLC
Illumina, Inc. (ILMN) Shares Bought by National Pension Service
National Pension Service Purchases 21,952 Shares of Ross Stores, Inc. (ROST)
Forte Capital LLC ADV Acquires Shares of 715 Panera Bread Co (PNRA)
State of Alaska Department of Revenue Sells 160 Shares of Macerich Company (The) (MAC)
Whittier Trust Co. of Nevada Inc. Has $126,000 Position in China Unicom (Hong Kong) Ltd (CHU)
Carnival Corporation (CCL) Insider Sells $1,012,800.00 in Stock
Southern Company (The) (SO) Shares Bought by Bartlett & Co. LLC
Oakbrook Investments LLC Decreases Position in Public Service Enterprise Group Incorporated (NYSE:PEG)
Xcel Energy Inc. (NYSE:XEL) Shares Sold by Whittier Trust Co. of Nevada Inc.
Becton, Dickinson and Company (BDX) Given Consensus Recommendation of “Buy” by Brokerages
Whittier Trust Co. of Nevada Inc. Holds Position in Donaldson Company, Inc. (NYSE:DCI)
Ford Motor Company (NYSE:F) Shares Bought by Louisiana State Employees Retirement System
LS Investment Advisors LLC Has $751,000 Stake in Arrow Electronics, Inc. (NYSE:ARW)
Xerox Corporation (NYSE:XRX) Upgraded by Barclays PLC to Equal Weight
Rent-A-Center Inc. (RCII) Shares Sold by Paloma Partners Management Co
International Business Machines Corporation (IBM) Given Hold Rating at BMO Capital Markets
FY2017 Earnings Forecast for Visa Inc. (V) Issued By SunTrust Banks







Capital Product Partners L.P. (CPLP) Stake Boosted by Sanders Morris Harris LLC


					Posted by Charlotte Bryant on Jul 24th, 2017 // No Comments




Sanders Morris Harris LLC boosted its position in  Capital Product Partners L.P. (NASDAQ:CPLP) by 74.9% during the second quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the SEC. The institutional investor  owned 46,700 shares of the shipping company’s stock after buying an additional 20,000 shares during the period. Sanders Morris Harris LLC’s holdings in Capital Product Partners L.P. were worth $159,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. 
Other large investors have also recently added to or reduced their stakes in the company. Stifel Financial Corp raised its position in shares of  Capital Product Partners L.P. by 31.4% in the first quarter. Stifel Financial Corp now owns 28,050 shares of the shipping company’s stock worth $100,000 after buying an additional 6,696 shares in the last quarter.  Nine Chapters Capital Management LLC acquired a new position in shares of  Capital Product Partners L.P. during the first quarter worth $117,000.  Acadian Asset Management LLC acquired a new position in shares of  Capital Product Partners L.P. during the first quarter worth $220,000.  Private Advisor Group LLC raised its position in shares of  Capital Product Partners L.P. by 174.8% in the first quarter. Private Advisor Group LLC now owns 76,901 shares of the shipping company’s stock valued at $265,000 after buying an additional 48,918 shares during the period.  Finally, GSA Capital Partners LLP raised its position in shares of  Capital Product Partners L.P. by 209.9% in the fourth quarter. GSA Capital Partners LLP now owns 104,912 shares of the shipping company’s stock valued at $334,000 after buying an additional 71,054 shares during the period. Institutional investors and hedge funds own  18.07% of the company’s stock. 


 Get Capital Product Partners L.P. alerts:



Shares of Capital Product Partners L.P. (NASDAQ:CPLP) traded up 0.648% during midday trading on Monday, hitting $3.885. 107,340 shares of the company’s stock were exchanged. Capital Product Partners L.P. has a 52 week low of $2.73 and a 52 week high of $4.00. The firm has a market cap of $479.00 million, a price-to-earnings ratio of 11.562 and a beta of 1.62. 





Capital Product Partners L.P. (NASDAQ:CPLP) last released its earnings results on Friday, April 28th. The shipping company reported $0.08 EPS for the quarter, hitting the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.08. Capital Product Partners L.P. had a return on equity of 5.53% and a net margin of 20.36%. The firm had revenue of $60.27 million during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $59.16 million.  Analysts expect that  Capital Product Partners L.P. will post $0.30 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. 
The business also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, August 11th. Investors of record on Thursday, August 3rd will be paid a dividend of $0.08 per share. The ex-dividend date is Tuesday, August 1st. This represents a $0.32 annualized dividend and a yield of 8.29%. Capital Product Partners L.P.’s payout ratio is 94.12%. 
TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: This story was first  published by Chaffey Breeze and is the property of of Chaffey Breeze. If you are accessing this story on another publication, it was stolen and reposted in violation of international copyright & trademark laws. The correct version of this story can be viewed at https://www.chaffeybreeze.com/2017/07/24/sanders-morris-harris-llc-has-159000-stake-in-capital-product-partners-l-p-cplp-updated.html. 
Several analysts recently issued reports on the company. Zacks Investment Research upgraded Capital Product Partners L.P. from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Tuesday, April 4th. UBS AG  restated a “buy” rating and set a $4.50 target price on shares of Capital Product Partners L.P. in a research note on Thursday, July 6th. Jefferies Group LLC  restated a “buy” rating and set a $5.00 target price on shares of Capital Product Partners L.P. in a research note on Friday, March 31st. Finally, TheStreet downgraded Capital Product Partners L.P. from a “b-” rating to a “c” rating in a research note on Wednesday, May 24th. Two equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and five have issued  a buy rating to the stock. The company  has a consensus rating of “Buy” and a consensus target price of $4.42.
About Capital Product Partners L.P.
Capital Product Partners L.P. is an international owner of tanker, container and drybulk vessels. The Company’s fleet consisted of 36 high specification vessels with an average age of approximately 7.4 years, as of December 31, 2016. As of December 31, 2016, its fleet consisted of four Suezmax crude oil tankers, 21 medium range product tankers, 10 post-panamax container carrier vessels and one Capesize bulk carrier.







Receive News & Ratings for Capital Product Partners L.P. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Capital Product Partners L.P. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.








 






















Latest News





Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name  (Required) 



Mail (will not be published)  (Required) 



Website












 

 















































Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Sanders Capital, LLC: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 1:49 PM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of Sanders Capital, LLC



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Sanders Capital, LLC is an employee owned investment manager. The firm primarily provides its services to investment companies, high net worth individuals, pension and profit sharing plans, pooled investment vehicles, charitable organizations, state or municipal government entities, non-us pooled registered funds, government plans, and trusts. It manages client specific portfolios and investment funds for its clients. The firm invests in the public equity, fixed income, and derivatives markets across the globe. Its equity investments are focused on value stocks of large cap companies. The firm’s fixed income investments include corporate bonds, bank loan, convertible bonds, ABS, agency and n...
Sanders Capital, LLC is an employee owned investment manager. The firm primarily provides its services to investment companies, high net worth individuals, pension and profit sharing plans, pooled investment vehicles, charitable organizations, state or municipal government entities, non-us pooled registered funds, government plans, and trusts. It manages client specific portfolios and investment funds for its clients. The firm invests in the public equity, fixed income, and derivatives markets across the globe. Its equity investments are focused on value stocks of large cap companies. The firm’s fixed income investments include corporate bonds, bank loan, convertible bonds, ABS, agency and non-agency RMBS, CMBS, municipal debt securities, commercial paper, and U.S. government securities. Its investments in derivatives comprise of credit derivatives, futures in energy, industrial, and agricultural commodities, currency futures, and forwards. The firm employs combination of fundamental and quantitative analysis to make its investments. It combines in house and external research to create its investment portfolios. Sanders Capital, LLC was founded in August 2009 and is based in New York, New York.
Detailed Description


390 Park Avenue17th FloorNew York, NY 10022-4608United StatesFounded in 2009



Phone: 212-291-7900

Fax: 212-291-7967

www.sanderscapital.com







Key Executives for Sanders Capital, LLC




Mr. Lewis Alan Sanders CFA


      	Founder, Chief Executive Officer, Co- Chief Investment Officer, and Manager
      


Age: 71
        







Mr. John Patrick Mahedy CPA


      	Co-Chief Investment Officer and Director of Research
      


Age: 54
        







Mr. Michael Thomas Borgia CPA


      	Chief Financial Officer and Head of Operations
      








Mr. Alex Shabshis


      	Director of Quantitative Analysis and Manager
      








Mr. Frank M. Castellucci


      	Head of Trading 
      





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 



Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 @Visory LLC United States 1 Road Partners LLC United States 11T Partners, LLC United States 123Jump.com, Inc. United States 1509225 Ontario, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Sanders Capital, LLC, please visit www.sanderscapital.com.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close





























Sanders Capital, LLC





















About


                        Sanders Capital, LLC is a global investment manager with $20 billion in assets under management serving institutional and 
                        high net-worth investors. It is led by individuals with many decades of experience in investment research and value-oriented 
                        portfolio management disciplines.
                    








A Message from Our CEO

                    I formed Sanders Capital with the aspiration to build a firm known for its investment acumen. As important, I want Sanders Capital
                    to be known for the values that I hold dear—values shaped by my forty plus years in the asset management industry as an analyst,
                    investor and CEO. They are:
                


Character Matters Most

                            I believe sustained success in this business is about character. Asset managers are fiduciaries. As such, their clients' interests
                            must precede all else. The truly great, enduring firms in this industry are run by people who live this principle every day.
                        


Interests Must Align

                            Financial incentives need to align the interests of asset managers to their clients without asymmetries. Managers should share in
                            both the upside and the downside. For maximum alignment, managers must have sufficient "skin in the game." Restrictions on outside
                            investments are also key, as they ensure client interests receive undivided attention.
                        


Knowledge Conquers Emotion

                            Bouts of excessive optimism and despair characterize capital markets and are a primary source of wealth destruction. Knowledge,
                            through research, converts these extremes from threat to opportunity. Knowledge provides the basis to do the unpopular, and the
                            unpopular is almost always the most profitable.
                        




Temperament Trumps Brilliance

                            Much is written about success in this business. Too often it is attributed to brilliance—such as seeing and capitalizing on some
                            profound change early. Intelligence of this kind helps. But sustained success has more to do with temperament. It is about responding 
                            dispassionately and deliberately to change, especially unanticipated change, which is what occurs most often. In this
                            context, equanimity and humility trump brilliance and are an antitode to over-confidence and excessive risk taking.
                        


Inaction Counts

                            While unusual opportunity is occasional, risk is continual. If you are not being paid adequately to take on risk, which can be for
                            long stretches, resist the temptation to do so.
                        


Private, Focused, Client-Centric

                            Building a firm based on these tenets does not ensure success. Nothing does. But in my experience, it improves the odds. This is the
                            foundation of Sanders Capital. We will remain a private, focused, client-centric firm, where knowledge is prized and viewed as our
                            competitive advantage. I am energized to lead this firm.
                        




Lewis A. Sanders, Chief Executive Officer






Investment Philosophy

                        At Sanders Capital, we believe that investors systematically overreact to adversity. This behavioral bias (known as loss aversion) 
                        unduly depresses asset prices, thereby producing investments with above-average returns. Adversity may be company-specific or span 
                        entire industries or asset classes.
                    

                        The objective of Sanders Capital investment research is to identify assets subject to such pressures, especially where the adverse 
                        event will prove transitory. It is in that subset of investments where we uncover unique opportunity.
                    

                        We analyze the full spectrum of opportunities generated by an event across multiple asset classes. This methodology greatly improves
                         research insight and enhances our ability to trade off risk and return.
                    

                        We are investors not traders. The holding period of investments in our portfolios will likely average around three years, about the 
                        time it takes for most dislocations to find resolution.
                    





Investment Services


Value Equities Portfolios

                            For clients with fixed asset allocation policies, we offer Global and US Value Equity portfolios. Driven by our overall research and portfolio management 
                            disciplines, these portfolios benefit from the firm’s all asset research orientation, which we believe produces superior forecasts at the asset class 
                            level. This occurs especially during times of stress, when the equity portion of a company's capital structure can be compromised to resolve financing 
                            requirements. Opposite effects are common during robust periods, when corporate actions favor equity holders over lenders.
                        


All Asset Value Portfolios

                            In these services, we exploit value opportunities across multiple asset classes in a single portfolio. Investment objectives of these portfolios are to 
                            generate attractive, absolute returns, while conforming to specified, absolute volatility targets. Targets range from low (comparable to bonds of short 
                            duration) to moderate (similar to the bond market overall) to high (comparable to equities). Portfolios are managed to achieve absolute returns at or 
                            above these volatility targets. These portfolios are contained in an All Asset Value Portfolio Series, offered by private placement memorandum.
                        






Investment Process
Valuation

                    Sanders Capital's research teams screen the investment universe for securities or assets where the expected internal return meets or exceeds return targets of
                    the services. Such forecasts are supported by extensive field research and disciplined valuation processes. The conversion of all forecasts to the common language
                    of expected return enables comparisons of investments across the capital stack of corporate issuers and all other asset classes.
                
Our valuation processes include:

A present value modeling framework for common stocks that compares estimates of future free cash flow to current stock prices to compute expected returns. It then compares such returns to a broad universe of companies and establishes both absolute and relative views of return potential.
A fixed income cash flow modeling framework that compares market prices to predictions of loan performance to compute expected returns. Such returns take into account the idiosyncratic features of deal structure (conversion features, pre-payment options, etc.) and the cash flow pathways triggered by defaults and other factors.
Economic modeling at the global and national level. Models predict broad trends in corporate profits as well as supply and demand for real assets near and long term.
Surveillance systems to track predictions versus actual results.

Quantitative Tools

                    Quantitative factors that correlate with future stock and bond returns facilitate screening for opportunities, timing of purchases and sales and sizing of
                    positions. They also signal forecasting error, useful in research review. Still, such tools are adjunctive to the portfolio management process. All investments
                    must qualify on fundamental grounds.
                
Research Review

                    The inputs that drive these investment processes are subject to intensive research review and quality assurance by the funds’ Chief Investment Officers
                    and Director of Research, in collaboration with both internal and external research analysts.
                





Portfolio Construction & Risk Assessment

                        Our portfolio construction process aims to maximize risk-adjusted returns by rank ordering investment options among qualifying investments according to
                        expected return. We systematically assess these opportunities against estimates of absolute volatility and co-variance. Position weights among qualifying
                        investments are set to maximize expected return for a given level of volatility as measured against the portfolio's return benchmark.
                    





Team






Lewis A. Sanders
CEO & Co-CIO



                                    Lewis A. Sanders is the founder, CEO, and Co-CIO of Sanders Capital, LLC.
                                

                                    Mr. Sanders was the former Chairman (2005-2008) and CEO (2003-2008) of AllianceBernstein L.P. He served as Vice Chariman and CIO since 2000, when Alliance merged with
                                    Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., Inc.
                                

                                    Prior to that, Mr. Sanders was the Chairman and CEO of Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., Inc. (1993-2000). In his 32 years at Bernstein, Mr. Sanders was also the President and
                                    COO, with senior responsibility for all research and investment management operations (1981-1993), EVP of research and investment management (1979-1981), and Research
                                    Director (1972-1981). Mr. Sanders joined Bernstein in 1968 as a Research Analyst, establishing credentials that would lead to his being named to the Institutional Investor
                                    All-America Research team four times. Before joining Bernstein, he was a Research Assistant at Oppenheimer Co. for two years.
                                

                                    Mr. Sanders serves as a board member of Memorial Sloan-Kettering Cancer Center and Weill Cornell Medical College, and as a trustee of The Rockefeller University and 
                                    the Aspen Art Museum.
                                








John P. Mahedy
Co-CIO & Research Director



                                    John P. Mahedy is the Co-CIO and Research Director of Sanders Capital, LLC. He previously served as CIO of U.S. Value Equities at AllianceBernstein L.P. in 2009 and
                                    was Co-CIO (2003-2009). Mr. Mahedy also served as AllianceBernstein’s Director of Research for U.S. Value Equities (2001-2008).
                                

                                    Prior to that position, Mr. Mahedy was a senior research analyst in Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., Inc.’s institutional research and brokerage unit, covering the domestic and
                                    international energy industry (1995-2001) and the oil services industry (1988-1991). He also covered oil services at Morgan Stanley (1991-1995). Mr. Mahedy was ranked
                                    among the top-five oil analysts in the Reuters and Greenwich Associates polls in 1999 and 2000. He was named to the Institutional Investor All-America Research Team in 1993,
                                    1994, and 1995. Mr. Mahedy began his career as a senior auditor with Peat Marwick Main & Co.
                                










Alex Shabshis
Director of Quantitative Analysis



                                    Alex Shabshis is the Director of Quantitative Strategy for Sanders Capital, LLC. He previously served as Co-Head of Product Development at the Alternative Investments
                                    unit of AllianceBernstein L.P. (2007-2009).
                                

                                    Prior to that position, Mr. Shabshis was a senior quantitative research analyst at AllianceBernstein L.P. (2000-2006) and Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., Inc. (1995-2000),
                                    leading and contributing to the development of forecasting models and multi-asset portfolio construction techniques for a wide spectrum of asset classes, including global
                                    equities, currencies, commodities, and fixed income. Previously, Mr. Shabshis was a quantitative analyst at Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., Inc. (1992-1994). He began his
                                    career at Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., Inc. in 1988, shortly after graduating from The Cooper Union.
                                








Frank D. Speno
Director of Marketing & Client Service



                                    Mr. Frank D. Speno is the Director of Marketing & Client Service for Sanders Capital, LLC. Prior to joining Sanders Capital in 2009, Mr. Speno held several senior roles in distribution and product management at AllianceBernstein L.P. in the years 2000 - 2009.  Mr. Speno’s roles at AllianceBernstein included: Executive VP of AllianceBernstein’s All Asset Deep Value Fund; Executive VP of Global Consultant Relations; Executive VP of Global Retail Distribution; Senior VP of Institutional Marketing; and Product Manager for Bernstein Value Equity. He began his career at Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., Inc. in 1995 as a Director of Consultant Relations and was promoted to manage the firm's West coast client and business development efforts. Prior to joining Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., Inc., Mr. Speno spent five years as a Regional Director for ANB Investment Management in Chicago, served as a Marketing Director for Quaker Capital Management and worked with E.F. Hutton & Co. in its Capital Markets program.
                                










Jean Margo Reid
General Counsel & Chief Compliance Officer



                                    Jean Margo Reid is the General Counsel and Chief Compliance Officer of Sanders Capital, LLC. She was an independent director of the BlackRock Inc. Equity-Bond Funds from
                                    2006-2009, and an independent director of the Merrill Lynch Investment Management Funds, Cluster B, from 2004-2006.
                                

                                    Prior to that, Ms. Reid served as General Counsel, Secretary and Director (1997-2000), Associate General Counsel (1992-1996), and Attorney (1988-1992) of Sanford C. 
                                    Bernstein & Co., Inc.
                                

                                    Before joining Bernstein, she taught Business Law at New York University’s School of Business as an Assistant Professor of Business Law (1981-1988).
                                








Michael T. Borgia
CFO & Head of Operations



                                    Michael T. Borgia is the CFO and Head of Operations for Sanders Capital, LLC. Previously from 2001-2008, he was Co-Head of Global Operations for AllianceBernstein L.P.
                                

                                    Prior to that position, he served as the Head of Operations (1992-2001), Head of Investment Management Operations (1982-1992), and Operations Manager (1978-1982) for
                                    Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., Inc. He began his career as a Senior Accountant at Seidman & Seidman.
                                

                                    Mr. Borgia currently serves on the board of the Portledge School as Treasurer and a member of their Executive Committee. He also serves on the board of the Boys &
                                    Girls Club of Oyster Bay-East Norwich.
                                










Avinash Agarwal
Research Analyst



                                    Avinash Agarwal is a Research Analyst with Sanders Capital, LLC. Prior to joining Sanders Capital, Mr. Agarwal was an equity research analyst at 
                                    AllianceBernstein L.P. (2006-2012), whose coverage area included the global automotive industry as well as the industrial and consumer sectors.
                                

                                    Before joining Bernstein, Mr. Agarwal was a Principal at Booz & Co. (2004-2005) where he provided management consulting services to clients across a broad range 
                                    of industries. Prior to that position, he held various roles of increasing responsibility at Booz & Co. from 2000-2004. He began his career as a consultant in 
                                    Booz Allen Hamilton's Mumbai offices (1998-2000) where he worked on consulting engagements for clients in both private and public sectors.
                                








Tali Asias
Research Analyst



                                    Tali Asias is a Research Analyst with Sanders Capital, LLC since 2011.  Prior to joining Sanders Capital, Ms. Asias was an Associate in the Restructuring Advisory 
                                    division at Citadel Investment Group (2009).
                                

                                    From 2004-2007, Ms. Asias was an Investment Banking Analyst within the Financial Sponsors Group at Wachovia Securities, where she executed M&A's and capital-raising 
                                    transactions on behalf of private equity clients.  Prior to that, Ms. Asias was a Consular Services Officer at the General Consulate of Israel (2000-2003).  Ms. 
                                    Asias also held the post of Sergeant in the Ministry of Defense, a unit of the Israel Defense Forces from 1997-1999.
                                










Di Cai
Research Analyst



                                    Di Cai is a Research Analyst with Sanders Capital, LLC.  Prior to joining Sanders Capital, Dr. Cai was a Summer Associate with Kleiner Perkins (2012), where she 
                                    was part of the China team focused on healthcare investment.  She subsequently worked as a Sumer Associate with The Carlyle Group in their Asia Growth Equity Team 
                                    in Beijing (2012).
                                

                                    From 2009-2011, Dr. Cai worked as a Senior Scientist and Lab Manager at The Scripps Research Institute where she led a team to investigate personalized medicine in 
                                    lung cancer treatment. From 2005-2009, Dr. Cai was a Research Scientist at the University of Texas Southwestern Medical Center where she discovered a novel biomarker 
                                    for lung cancer prognosis. Prior to her scientific career, Dr. Cai was a presenter on the Tianjin TV Network, the fourth largest TV Network in China, co-hosting a 
                                    bilingual talk show to promote English learning and cultural exchange.
                                








Brixen Dillman
Research Analyst



                                    Brix Dillman is a Research Analyst with Sanders Capital, LLC.  Prior to joining Sanders Capital, Mr. Dillman was a Valuation Consultant at The World Bank 
                                    (2008-2009), where he was responsible for risk management of foreign currency and interest rate derivatives.  Prior to joining The World Bank, Mr. Dillman 
                                    was Fleet Portfolio Manager at GATX Corporation (2006-2008), where he developed and implemented financial models covering four areas: railcar investment and 
                                    lease pricing, commodity supply-demand forecasts, strategic equity investments and direct asset management of a portfolio generating $90 million in revenue.
                                

                                    From 2004-2005, Mr. Dillman was an Investment Analyst at Regis Management Company, LLC (CA) where he sourced, screened and monitored investments for a 
                                    private family asset management firm.  Prior to that, Mr. Dillman was a Technology M&A Analyst at Credit Suisse (2002), where he analyzed mergers for 
                                    global technology manufacturing and service leaders.
                                

                                    He is a CFA® charterholder.
                                










Debbie Lau
Research Analyst



                                    Debbie Lau is a Research Analyst with Sanders Capital, LLC.  Prior to joining Sanders Capital, Ms. Lau was with Chilton Investment Company where 
                                    she was an Equity Research Analyst (2007-2011) focusing on long-short equity investments within the U.S. construction materials, homebuilding, 
                                    waste management, specialty chemicals and consumer products sectors.  Prior to attending business school, Ms. Lau was a Credit Research Associate 
                                    covering Financial Institutions with Fidelity Investments in the U.S. Fixed Income Division (2001-2003) and Fidelity International in Hong Kong 
                                    (2003-2005).  From 1999-2001, Ms. Lau was an Analyst with FleetBoston Financial in the Corporate Strategy and Development Group.
                                

                                    She is a CFA® charterholder.
                                








Monali Jhaveri
Research Analyst



                                    Monali Jhaveri is a Research Analyst with Sanders Capital, LLC.  Prior to joining Sanders Capital, Ms. Jhaveri was with McKinsey & Company 
                                    as a Senior Associate (2009) and a Business Analyst (2005-2007).
                                

                                    While at McKinsey & Co., she focused on growth strategy and M&A initiatives on behalf of Indian, Brazilian and UK-based companies in the 
                                    financial services, retail, and public sectors.  Prior to McKinsey and Co., Ms. Jhaveri was a Financial Analyst at Morgan Stanley in the Firm 
                                    Strategy & Execution Group (2003-2005) where she evaluated M&A opportunities and developed strategic initiatives across the company's business units.
                                










Jonny Wright
Research Analyst



                                    Jonny Wright is a Research Analyst with Sanders Capital, LLC. Prior to joining Sanders Capital, Mr. Wright held a number of positions with Nomura Securities (2011 – 2016), 
                                    before becoming a senior research analyst responsible for coverage of US Multi-Industrials. Prior to Nomura, Mr. Wright participated in Ernst & Young’s corporate 
                                    finance graduate program in London (2008 – 2011), where he qualified as a Chartered Accountant. He holds a B.A and M.A in English Language and Literature from the 
                                    University of Oxford and is a CFA® charterholder.
                                








Steven Sanders
Research Analyst



                                    Steven Sanders is a Research Analyst with Sanders Capital, LLC. He is also the founder and President of Tactual Labs Co., 
                                    a fabless semiconductor company. Mr. Sanders has co-authored 23 patents in input and interaction technologies. He has also 
                                    published pioneering academic research in the field of touch input latency in conjunction with Microsoft Research and the 
                                    University of Toronto. Prior to joining Sanders Capital, Mr. Sanders was a Strategist & Transition Manager with Bank of 
                                    America Merrill's Global Wealth Management Division (2008-2009). Prior to that, Mr. Sanders served as a Senior Specialist 
                                    on Merrill Lynch's Global Wealth Management Strategy & Business Development team (2006-2008) and on the Sell-Side Research 
                                    Strategy team (2008) as an internal consultant and principal banker for the firm.
                                










Frank M. Castellucci
Head of Trading



                                    Frank M. Castellucci is the Head of Trading for Sanders Capital, LLC.  Previously from 2008-2009, he was the Assistant 
                                    Vice President of Client Reporting for AlianceBernstein L.P.
                                

                                    Prior to that position, Mr. Castellucci served as the Manager of High-Net-Worth Reporting (2007-2008),  Manager of Global 
                                    Reporting (2005-2008), and Global Reporting Analyst (2004-2005) for Alliance Bernstein L.P.      
                                











Christina M. Restivo
Office Manager &Executive Assistant to the CEO


Office Manager &Executive Assistant to the CEO









Kapa Benjamin
Assistant Office Manager &Administrative Assistant


Assistant Office Manager &Administrative Assistant




















Sanders Capital Management Llc in New York, NY 10017 - ChamberofCommerce.com




   =     


        









Sign Up
Sign In
Contact Us


 














Search
 

near
 













Home
» New York
» New York
» Investment Banking & Securities Dealers & Brokers
» Sanders Capital Management Llc













Sanders Capital Management Llc


0 Reviews

0.0000 stars - based on 0 reviews
                            





280 Park Ave Fl 4Wr 5E Fl New York, New York 10017


(212) 231-8820


 



 

Print |
                Save |
                Directions


About
Sanders Capital Management Llc is located at the address 280 Park Ave Fl 4Wr in New York, New York 10017.  They can be contacted via phone at (212) 231-8820 for pricing, hours and directions.  Sanders Capital Management Llc has an annual sales volume of 501K - 999,999.  .For more information contact Ian  Goodman, OwnerSanders Capital Management Llc provides Charitable Giving, Banking, Financial Management to it's customers.  For maps and directions to Sanders Capital Management Llc view the map to the right.  For reviews of Sanders Capital Management Llc see below.









Business Features

PRODUCTS


Futures
, Stocks
, Employee Benefits
, Corporate Bonds
, Business Continuation Plans
, Mortgage Investments
, Retirement Plans
, Rollover Plans
, Mutual Funds
, Government Securities



SERVICES


Corporate Services
, Institutional Services
, Estate Planning
, Financial Management
, Income Planning
, Banking
, Insurance
, Charitable Giving
, Financial Services
, Short Term Planning



 


Information

CONTACT INFORMATION
Phone: (212) 231-8820
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION:
Employee Size: 1 To 4
Exact Employee Count: 3
Exact Sales Volume: 170000
Location Type: Single Location
Sales Volume: 501K - 999,999
CATEGORIES:


Investment Banking & Securities Dealers & Brokers
Portfolio Management & Investment Services
Finance
Investments & Securities



People Also Viewed


Rosenblatt Securities


11 Wall St  New York, New York 10005




Newman Myers Kreines Gross Harris PC


14 Wall St 2200 Fl New York, New York 10005




Norstar Brokerage Corporation


67 Wall St  New York, New York 10005




EMANUEL ARBITRAGE GROUP THE


110 Wall St  New York, New York 10005




Legg Mason Inc


55 Water st Fl 32 Fl 32 New York, New York 10041




MERCER PARTNERS INC


33 Whitehall St Frnt New York, New York 10004





Reviews

Add


You must Sign in to post reviews.





by  on 






Click here to be the first to review this business...



0 Reviews
 


Key Contacts




Ian  Goodman
Owner

 



 























 






Site Map
FAQ
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
About
Partners
Chamber Partner Program
Chamber Member Benefits




Top Cities:
Atlanta
Bronx
Brooklyn
Chicago
Cleveland
Dallas
Denver
Detroit
Houston
Las Vegas
Los Angeles
Miami
Minneapolis
New York
Philadelphia
Phoenix
Saint Louis
San Antonio
San Diego
San Jose


© 2017 CHAMBEROFCOMMERCE.COM










 







Sanders Capital LLC :: Law360
































Search




Advanced Search

Take a Free Trial | 
					Sign In






















 Close


Law360 In-Depth
Law360 UK
Adv. Search & Platform Tools
Browse all sections 
Banking
Bankruptcy
Class Action
Competition
Employment
Energy
Expert Analysis
Insurance
Intellectual Property
Product Liability
Securities
Rankings
Law360's MVPs
Glass Ceiling Report
Global 20
Law360 400
Diversity Snapshot
Practice Group Partner Rankings
Practice Groups of the Year
Pro Bono Firms of the Year
Rising Stars
Trial Aces
Site Menu
Join the Law360 team
Search legal jobs
Learn more about Law360
Read testimonials
Contact Law360
Sign up for our newsletters
Site Map
Help













Sanders Capital LLC


 News & Case Alert  on Sanders Capital LLC



Financial » Asset Management » Sanders Capital LLC






Menu options for Sanders Capital LLC 


Everything »
News & Analysis »
New Cases »
New PTAB Cases »
Case Activity »
Outside Counsel »


                Data on cases, clients, outside counsel and individual attorneys collected from active federal civil cases. Reflects only recently published court data; not intended to be exhaustive. Not responsible for errors in court dockets.
            






×
Please assign a name to this alert






Save Alert
Cancel










News (0)

No results

Cases (0)

No results

PTAB Cases (0)

No results


To view all the results and drill down deeper, take a free trial now.



Try Law360 FREE for seven days
Already a subscriber? Click here to login
















×
Already have access? Click here to login



Get instant access to the one-stop news source for business lawyers
Register Now!




Get instant access to the one-stop news source for business lawyers













Email (Professional email required)






First Name



Last Name







PLEASE NOTE: A verification email will be sent to your address before you can access your trial.


Password (at least 6 characters required)



Confirm Password







Select at least one primary interest:


 Aerospace & Defense
										

 Appellate
										

 Asset Management
										

 Automotive
										

 Banking
										

 Bankruptcy
										

 California
										

 Capital Markets
										

 Class Action
										

 Commercial Contracts
										

 Competition
										

 Consumer Protection
										

 Corporate
										

 Cybersecurity & Privacy
										

 Delaware
										

 Employment
										

 Energy
										

 Environmental
										

 Financial Services Uk
										

 Florida
										

 Food & Beverage
										

 Government Contracts
										

 Health
										

 Hospitality
										

 Illinois
										

 Immigration
										

 Insurance
										

 Insurance Uk
										

 Intellectual Property
										

 International Arbitration
										

 International Trade
										

 Law360 In Depth
										

 Legal Ethics
										

 Life Sciences
										

 Media & Entertainment
										

 Medical Malpractice
										

 Mergers & Acquisitions
										

 Native American
										

 New Jersey
										

 New York
										

 Pennsylvania
										

 Private Equity
										

 Product Liability
										

 Project Finance
										

 Public Policy
										

 Real Estate
										

 Retail & E Commerce
										

 Securities
										

 Sports
										

 Tax
										

 Technology
										

 Telecommunications
										

 Texas
										

 Transportation
										

 Trials
										

 White Collar
										





Register




Already have access?




Email:



Password:

Forgot your password?


Remember login



Sign In




















Sanders Capital Llc in New York, NY 10022 - ChamberofCommerce.com




   =     


        









Sign Up
Sign In
Contact Us


 














Search
 

near
 













Home
» New York
» New York
» Banking Services
» Sanders Capital Llc













Sanders Capital Llc


0 Reviews

0.0000 stars - based on 0 reviews
                            





390 Park Ave Fl 17 17 Fl New York, New York 10022


(212) 291-7900


 



 

Print |
                Save |
                Directions


About
Sanders Capital Llc is located at the address 390 Park Ave Fl 17 in New York, New York 10022.  They can be contacted via phone at (212) 291-7900 for pricing, hours and directions.  Sanders Capital Llc specializes in Strategic Planning, Accident, Land.  Sanders Capital Llc has an annual sales volume of 501K - 999,999.  .Sanders Capital Llc provides Leasing, Disability Income, Family Wealth Planning to it's customers.  For maps and directions to Sanders Capital Llc view the map to the right.  For reviews of Sanders Capital Llc see below.









Business Features

PRODUCTS


Savings Accounts
, Money Market Accounts
, Credit Cards
, Improvement Loans
, IRA Accounts
, Automobile Loans
, Business Loans
, Commercial Loans
, Self-Employed Policies
, Construction Loans



SERVICES


Leasing
, Accident Coverage
, College Funding
, Deposit Services
, Family Wealth Planning
, Risks Coverage
, ATM Services
, Commercial Claims
, Individual Services
, Disability Income


 SPECIALTIES


Accident
, Short-Term Disability
, Land
, Trucks
, Strategic Planning



 


Information

CONTACT INFORMATION
Phone: (212) 291-7900
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION:
Employee Size: 10 To 19
Exact Employee Count: 16
Exact Sales Volume: 500-0000
Location Type: Single Location
Sales Volume: 501K - 999,999
CATEGORIES:


Banking Services
Finance
Commercial Banking



People Also Viewed


I Manage


11 Penn Plz Bsmt 100  New York, New York 10001




Brisard and Brisard


14 Wall St  New York, New York 10005




Papps Capital Group


14 Wall St  New York, New York 10005




GunnAllen Financial


40 Wall St 46 Fl New York, New York 10005




Merchants NY


90 Washington St  New York, New York 10006




Insignia Financial Group


1 West St 3013 Apt New York, New York 10004





Reviews

Add


You must Sign in to post reviews.





by  on 






Click here to be the first to review this business...



0 Reviews
 























 






Site Map
FAQ
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
About
Partners
Chamber Partner Program
Chamber Member Benefits




Top Cities:
Atlanta
Bronx
Brooklyn
Chicago
Cleveland
Dallas
Denver
Detroit
Houston
Las Vegas
Los Angeles
Miami
Minneapolis
New York
Philadelphia
Phoenix
Saint Louis
San Antonio
San Diego
San Jose


© 2017 CHAMBEROFCOMMERCE.COM













SANDERS CAPITAL, LLC Top Holdings  

































WhaleWisdom









Search All
Search 13F Filers Only
Search SEC Filer
Search Stocks Only
Search Mgmt Inv. Cos Only
ETFs Only
Search Active




















                      SANDERS CAPITAL, LLC
                    

HTTP://WWW.SANDERSCAPITAL.COM
•   NEW YORK, NY
                          • Investment Advisor
                      
How do I update this listing?




                                             Sanders Capital is based out of New York. Sanders Capital is a large advisory firm with  26-100 clients and discretionary assets under management (AUM) of $20,670,371,000 (Form ADV from 2017-03-23).  Their last reported 13F filing for Q2 2017 included $16,922,309,000 in managed 13F securities
    and a top 10 holdings concentration of 54.62%. Sanders Capital's largest holding is Apple Inc with shares held of 8,184,799.   WhaleWisdom has at least 32 13Fs and  12 13D/G filings in our database for Sanders Capital. 
                                           














Summary
13F Holdings
Ind. Managers
Inv. Advisor Info
13D/G
Insider (Form 4)
 WhaleScore History



                Download 13F Summary to Excel
              


                    Download 13F Summary to Excel
                  


   Create Email Alert
 




×
Email Notification.







                   ***Log In or
                   Sign-up
                   to see more advanced email alert options such as selecting any type of
                   SEC form, multiple filers or classes of filers, and much more.***
                 

                    ...or to simply have an email sent to you whenever we receive a new
                           13F filing from SANDERS CAPITAL, LLC, enter your
                    email address below and choose 'Submit'.
                

Your email:








Cancel















06/30/2017
Top Buys




Name% Change


MDT
        
        Medtronic Inc.
1.302%



PEP
        
        PepsiCo Inc.
1.204%



GOOG
        
        ALPHABET INC CAP ST...
0.457%



CI
        
        CIGNA Corp.
0.339%



UNH
        
        UnitedHealth Group ...
0.308%








06/30/2017
Top Sells





Name% Change


DLPH
         
         Delphi Automotive Plc
1.341%


DHI
         
         D.R. Horton, Inc.
0.662%


INTC
         
         Intel Corp.
0.498%


GS
         
         Goldman Sachs Group
0.442%


FITB
         
         Fifth Third Bancorp
0.238%







06/30/2017
13F Holdings Summary




Stock% Port


AAPL
                                                  
                                                  Apple Inc
7.5813%


TSM
                                                  
                                                  Taiwan Semiconductor Manufa...
7.222%


GOOG
                                                  
                                                  ALPHABET INC CAP STK CL C
7.2158%


MSFT
                                                  
                                                  Microsoft Corp.
5.465%


C
                                                  
                                                  Citigroup, Inc.
5.0449%

See All Holdings






06/30/2017
13F Activity




Market Value
                        $16.922 Billion

                        Prior Market Value
                        $15.078 Billion
New Purchases0 stocks
Additional Purchases25 stocks
Sold out of2 stocks
Reduced holdings in13 stocks
Top 10 Holdings %54.62%
Turnover %
                        [1]:5.26%
Turnover Alt %
                    [2]:4.89%
Time Held Top20:12.20 quarters
Time Held Top10:9.40 quarters
Time Held All:16.95 quarters

[1]:
                  Turnover is calculated by taking the # of new holdings (initial purchases) + the # of positions sold out of (not just reduced) divided by the total # of holdings for the quarter.
                
[2]:
                  Alt Turnover is calculated by taking either the total MV of new purchases or
                   the MV of securities sold, whichever is less,
                   divided by the total MV of the fund.
                






06/30/2017
13F Sector Allocation Over Time











Fund Metrics

You are limited to the prior 8 quarters of 13F filings.
            Subscribe to WhaleWisdom to view all filing data
            for SANDERS CAPITAL, LLC






Portfolio Performance
                    Top 20 equal-weighted holdings. Last updated
                      on 2017-06-29 



Performance
                      for Q1 2017:
                    
1.85%


Performance Last 4 Quarters:
18.84%





Performance Metrics




Stdev (5-yrs):
Subscription required
BETA (5-yrs):
Subscription required
ALPHA (3-yrs):
Subscription required


Max Drawdown (all-years):
Subscription required
Annualized Perf (3-yrs):

                          Subscription required
                        
Batting Avg vs S&P. (3-yrs):
Subscription required


Sortino (3-yrs):
Subscription required
Stutzer (3-yrs):
Subscription required
Treynor (3-yrs):
Subscription required


Sterling (3-yrs):
Subscription required
Calmar (3-yrs):
Subscription required
Information Ratio (3-yrs):
Subscription required


Tracking Error (3 yrs):

                          Subscription required
                        
Stdev Down (3-yrs):
Subscription required
Winning Months %:
Subscription required


Losing Months %:
Subscription required
Best 12 Months:
Subscription required
Worst 12 Months:

                          Subscription required
                        


Efficiency Ratio (3-yrs):

                          Subscription required
                        
Sharpe:
Subscription required
Stdev Sectors:
Subscription required


Skewness (3-yrs):
Subscription required
Kurtosis (3-yrs):
Subscription required
Upside Potential (3-yrs):
Subscription required





















Backtester

Use WhaleWisdom's Backtester tool to test how a hypothetical portfolio would have performed with different
        investment strategies. Research one or more filers' performance and then optimize their portfolios to match your
        own investment goals.
Start with one of our predefined groups or create your own.
        View the
        Backtesting Whitepaper
        and the Getting Started page for
        additional help.
      



Take a Tour

           Save Changes to Tracked Backtest
Saving......

GENERATE
      REPORT
At least
      one fund must be selected before running a backtest
    
{{InvalidConfiguration()}}


    {{ErrorMessage}}
  

    "Top # Holding(s) by Dollar Value from each fund's holdings"
    and
    "Top # Holding(s) by Percent Ownership from each fund's holdings"
    are not available when using WhaleScore Filers.
  


Backtester

Use WhaleWisdom's Backtester tool to test how a hypothetical portfolio would have performed with different
        investment strategies. Research one or more filers' performance and then optimize their portfolios to match your
        own investment goals.
View the
        Backtesting Whitepaper
        and the Getting Started page for
        additional help.



GENERATE
      REPORT


    {{ErrorMessage}}
  

    "Top # Holding(s) by Dollar Value from each fund's holdings"
    and
    "Top # Holding(s) by Percent Ownership from each fund's holdings"
    are not available when using WhaleScore Filers.
  




Filers Selected: {{groupinfo.group.description}} - {{groupinfo.group.filers.length}}
      (click to edit)


      {{criteria.whalescore.description}}
      (click to edit)


      Filers being chosen based on prior performance
    
Get started by using: 

WhaleWisdom Fund Groups
WhaleScore Filers

One of your custom groups
Choose Filers by Performance
Log in to use your saved groups
Create new custom group



WhaleWisdom Fund Groups


{{g.filers.length}}

{{g.description}}





Use Heat Map Stocks







{{g.filers.length}}

{{g.description}}






< Back

Select WhaleScore Filers:
WhaleScore filers are chosen based on scores calculated the previous quarter.


Pro Sub. Required

{{o.description}}






< Back

Select Filers by Prior Performance
Filers are selected each quarter based on their prior performance. You can restrict which
      filers are included by using the filters below.



          Pro subscription required to select filers by performance
        


How do you want funds chosen?




Maximum Filers to use each quarter

            

(your subscription allows up to {{Limit}} filers):
Maximum number of filers
              to use exceeed
Maximum filers must set to
              at least 1




Quarterly turnover %






% top 10 concentration






 # of Holdings in 13F
              Portfolio
from:
            
            to
            
{{criteria.filer_performance.holdings_from_to[0]}} - {{criteria.filer_performance.holdings_from_to[1]}}


 Market Cap of Fund's 13F
              Portfolio
from:
            
            to
            

                                                      {{format_number(criteria.filer_performance.mc_from_to[0])}} - {{format_number(criteria.filer_performance.mc_from_to[1])}}
                                                    


 Avg. Time Held Top 10 (quarterly)
from:
            
            to
            

                                                                {{criteria.filer_performance.time_held_top10_from_to[0]}} quarters - {{criteria.filer_performance.time_held_top10_from_to[1]}} quarters
                                                              





Matching filers from latest quarter:
{{FilerPerformanceMatches}}






< Back
{{groupinfo.group.filers.length}}




Backtest options
Optional Stock Filters
Optional Hedging/Advanced



< Back


How do you want stocks selected when rebalancing?  


{{s.description}}
          


5
10
20
30
40
50


 (Pro sub. required)



        "Top # Holding(s) by Dollar Value from each fund's holdings"
        and
        "Top # Holding(s) by Percent Ownership from each fund's holdings"
        are not available when using WhaleScore Filers.
      


(optional) Minimum # of funds holding stock

(optional) Minimum percent of portfolio for each fund


Custom Weight Per Fund (scale of 1 through 10)


{{filer.name}}





Reset Weight



Specify the number of holdings to use



          {{s.description}}
        

          ** Holdings greater than 20 require a Pro level subscription to use. **
        




How do you want available funds allocated among stocks?  








< Back



Restrict Stocks Selected by Stock Market Cap Size?


 {{cap.name}}
                              




Stock Exclusions
Do not include stocks whose price exceeds:

Do not include stocks whose price is less:

Do not include any of the following tickers:
                                                          (comma separated)






ETF Filter
 ETF Holdings Only

 Exclude ETFs


ADR Filter *Pro Only*
 Foreign ADR Only

 Exclude ADRs





Limit Stock Selection to Certain Sectors or Industries? Restrict stocks to those in the selected sector or industry







< Back




Hedging Strategies

Simple Short Exposure. This strategy effectively shorts the S&P 500 by
        buying shares in the S&P 500 Short ETF.
        Simple Hedging will assume that 100%
        of the backtest's invested principal is always in the backtest's long positions.

        For example, if you choose a 25% hedging rate, then for a $10,000 portfolio,
        you will be long $10,000 and have a $2,500 short on the S&P 500.
        The short position will adjust each rebalancing period to match 25% of the total portfolio.
        Any gains/losses from the short are added to the overall available capital for the long positions in the
        portfolio.
      

Moving Average Hedge.  With this strategy, your portfolio will be hedged
        by shorting the S&P 500 whenever your long portfolio's performance drops below the monthly moving average.
        So if you set a 25% hedge, 25% of your long portfolio will be sold and the funds reallocated to the short
        whenever the hedge is in effect.
        Once your long portfolio performance goes back over the moving average, the short hedge will be removed
        and the funds from the short will be reallocated to your long positions.
      

        When hedging strategies are being used, backtests can only go back as far as 2006.  This is the date
        the S&P 500 Short ETF first appeared.
      

        Pro subscription required to use hedging strategies
      
Hedging Strategy:

      

No Hedging

          Short-Exposure Hedge
        

          Moving Average Hedge
        

Moving Average Months:


Moving Average Target:
                   

Your backtested portfolio
S&P 500 TR Index
Russell 2K TR Index

the moving average that will determine when hedging is on or off

Hedging %:
      

25%
50%
75%
100%



Stock Sell Buffer

      You can optionally include a stock sell buffer in your backtesting model.
      It works by keeping a stock in your portfolio even when it would otherwise drop out
      during rebalancing as long as it remains within your sell buffer threshold.
      For example, you are backtesting with the top 20 stocks each quarter and set a sell buffer of 50.
      In the first quarter, AAPL is one of the top 20 stocks and is included in the portfolio.
      In quarter 2, AAPL drops down to number 25. Without the sell buffer, AAPL would drop out
      for that quarter, but since it is still within the sell buffer threshold of 50,
      it will remain in the portfolio.
      Your portfolio size remains the same. The stocks that would have fallen out stay in and the
      stocks that would otherwise have been added stay out. Using the sell buffer may
      help produce a lower turnover rate.
    

      Sell Buffer Size (must be greater than # of holdings in portfolio to work):
      
No sell buffer
10
25
35
50
100




Rebalancing Frequency

      By default backtester rebalances quarterly using new 13F filing data. You can
      adjust the rebalancing frequency using the dropdown below. Reasons for
      changing the frequency include lower turnover and possible tax advantages
      by keeping stocks at least one year before selling.
    


        Do not rebalance after each quarter

or rebalance:
        
Every quarter (default)
 Every other quarter
 Once a year




How many days after the end-of-quarter date before doing the backtest? (0 - 60) 

DAYS





      Or use day whenever the filing was submitted to the SEC
      (or the last filing when using a group of funds):
Starting Quarter

      By default backtester will test your strategy using all available dates going back to 2001 (for subscribers only).
      You can optionally adjust when the backtest actually starts.
    
Starting Quarter:
      
All Available Dates


  Ending Quarter:
      
All Available Dates






GENERATE
      REPORT





Backtest Results:



Download Backtest Data to Excel
Downloading.  Please wait.....


Start Tracking This Backtest
Saving......


                                    Stop tracking this backtest
                                  
Log in to start tracking this backtest



No report has been run






                                {{s.description}}
                              

Configure Moving Averages


As of 2017-07-27








Want to backtest using all available 13F history?
      As a non-subscriber you are limited to the past two years of filing data.
        Subscribe now and backtest using 13F holdings data as
        far back as 2001.
      








 
YTD
1Y
2Y
3Y
5Y
7Y
10Y
Total Return
Annualized
Std Dev
Sortino



Whale(s)
Unhedged Portfolio

{{starting_record.yearly_entries[starting_record.yearly_entries.length-1][3]*100|number}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(starting_record,1)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(starting_record,2)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(starting_record,3)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(starting_record,5)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(starting_record,7)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(starting_record,10)| number:2}}%
{{starting_record.performance*100|number}}%
{{starting_record.annualized_performance*100|number}}%
{{starting_record.standard_deviation*100.0|number}}%
{{starting_record.sortino|number}}


Hedged Portfolio
{{hedged_matrix.yearly_entries[hedged_matrix.yearly_entries.length-1][3]*100|number}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(hedged_matrix,1)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(hedged_matrix,2)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(hedged_matrix,3)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(hedged_matrix,5)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(hedged_matrix,7)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(hedged_matrix,10)| number:2}}%
{{hedged_matrix.performance*100|number}}%
{{hedged_matrix.annualized_performance*100|number}}%
{{hedged_matrix.standard_deviation*100.0|number}}%
{{hedged_matrix.sortino|number}}


{{chart.comparison_index.description}}
{{chart.comparison_index.yearly_entries[chart.comparison_index.yearly_entries.length-1][3]*100|number}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(chart.comparison_index,1)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(chart.comparison_index,2)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(chart.comparison_index,3)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(chart.comparison_index,5)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(chart.comparison_index,7)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(chart.comparison_index,10)| number:2}}%
{{chart.comparison_index.performance*100|number}}%
{{chart.comparison_index.annualized_performance*100|number}}%
{{chart.comparison_index.standard_deviation*100.0|number}}%
{{chart.comparison_index.sortino|number}}









                          Current Holdings Rebalanced on {{results.ending_period.start_date}}
                          Click the "Download Backtest Data to Excel" link above to see all stock activity


                          Stock prices used are the "total returns" stock price and will include
                          dividends, spinoffs, splits, and other adjustments.  Because of this, stock
                          prices shown here will likely not
                          match a stock's actual closing stock price on the same date.
                        





Stock Name
% of Portfolio
Avg Price Per Share(total returns price)
Total Returnas of 2017-07-27
Original Purchase Date



            								                  {{transaction.ticker}}
            								               {{transaction.stock_name}}

Sold All
{{transaction.percent_of_portfolio*100.0|number:2}}

{{transaction.avg_price|currency}}


                                ${{starting_record.hedging_gain|number:2}}
                              

                                {{GetTransactionTotalReturn(transaction)|number:2}}%
                                                            

{{transaction.original_purchase_date}}


{{results.ending_period.hedge.stock_name}}

{{transaction.avg_price|currency}}

                              {{GetTransactionTotalReturn(results.ending_period.hedge)|number:2}}%
                            

                              {{results.ending_period.hedge.original_purchase_date}}
                            


*** Currently using {{ending_hedged_transaction.stock_name}} ***

{{ending_hedged_transaction.avg_price|currency}}

                                                        {{GetTransactionTotalReturn(ending_hedged_transaction)|number:2}}%
                                                      

                                                        {{ending_hedged_transaction.original_purchase_date}}
                                                      









Ending Sector Allocation

















































Quarter to view:

Current Combined 13F/13D/G
Q2 2017 13F Filings 
Q1 2017 13F Filings 
Q4 2016 13F Filings 
Q3 2016 13F Filings 
Q2 2016 13F Filings 
Q1 2016 13F Filings 
Q4 2015 13F Filings 
Q3 2015 13F Filings 
Q2 2015 13F Filings 
Q1 2015 13F Filings subscription required
Q4 2014 13F Filings subscription required
Q3 2014 13F Filings subscription required
Q2 2014 13F Filings subscription required
Q1 2014 13F Filings subscription required
Q4 2013 13F Filings subscription required
Q3 2013 13F Filings subscription required
Q2 2013 13F Filings subscription required
Q1 2013 13F Filings subscription required
Q4 2012 13F Filings subscription required
Q3 2012 13F Filings subscription required
Q2 2012 13F Filings subscription required
Q1 2012 13F Filings subscription required
Q4 2011 13F Filings subscription required
Q3 2011 13F Filings subscription required
Q2 2011 13F Filings subscription required
Q1 2011 13F Filings subscription required
Q4 2010 13F Filings subscription required



                      Refresh
                    
 Advanced Export
Download CSV
Download Excel (.xlsx)
Download TSV







                               Click to See Additional Filters
                              



Security Types:




                  Shares


                  Calls


                  Puts


                  Principal

Changes in Holdings:

 New Position
Added to Position
Reduced Position
Closed Out Position
No Change



Ranking is in the top:



Minimum # of shares:



Stock ticker: 



Is ETF?
YesNo



                                      Refresh
                                    








Edit Columns


*Shares are split adjusted
		






×
Report an error






Your name (optional):


Your email (optional):


Error to report or any other comments(required):













                









Cancel





 Click here to report any possible errors with this listing.





13F Filings Available:



                            2017-06-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2017-03-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2016-12-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2016-09-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2016-06-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2016-03-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2015-12-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2015-09-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2015-06-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2015-03-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2014-12-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2014-09-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2014-06-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2014-03-31 - 13F-HR/A
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2014-03-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2013-12-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2013-09-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2013-06-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2013-03-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2012-12-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2012-09-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2012-06-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2012-03-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2011-12-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2011-09-30 - 13F-HR/A
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2011-09-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2011-06-30 - 13F-HR/A
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2011-06-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2011-03-31 - 13F-HR/A
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2011-03-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2010-12-31 - 13F-HR/A
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2010-12-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          






×
CSV Export Module



      This will schedule a job to export all requested 13f holdings data for this filer.
      When completed, an email will be sent to the email address you specify
      containing a link to download the .zip file of the CSV file(s) you requested.
    



Output Type


             Output all 13f holdings into a single CSV file
             

              Output all 13f holdings into separate CSV files per quarter
              



Columns to include


Filer Name
Stock Name
Stock Ticker
Quarter Date
Type of Security
Current Shares Held
Current Market Value
Previous Shares Held
Previous Market Value
Current % of Portfolio
Previous % of Portfolio
Current Rank
Previous Rank
Change in Shares
Type of Change
Sector




13F Quarters to include


2017-06-30
2017-03-31
2016-12-31
2016-09-30
2016-06-30
2016-03-31
2015-12-31
2015-09-30
2015-06-30




Email Address to send data to








Cancel
Schedule Export







  This lets you look at individual sub managers or subsidiaries within
  the 13F filing.




Quarter:
06/30/2017
03/31/2017
12/31/2016
09/30/2016
06/30/2016
03/31/2016
12/31/2015
09/30/2015
06/30/2015
Manager:






Optionally compare to:



Quarter 2:
06/30/2017
03/31/2017
12/31/2016
09/30/2016
06/30/2016
03/31/2016
12/31/2015
09/30/2015
06/30/2015
Manager 2:













Number of shares is NOT split-adjusted



View Last Form Adv Compilation Report on Record

SANDERS CAPITAL, LLC

Classified as Hedge Fund

390 PARK AVENUE
17TH  FLOOR

NEW YORK
NY
            
        10022-4608
Country: United States


          Business Phone:
          212-291-7900
Fax:
              212-291-7967


Professional Investment Advisor Data

SEC Registration as :

Large Advisory Firm,Investment advisor to an investment company
      


Form of Organization:
Limited Liability Company 


Organized in:
NY


Number of employees:
17


Other Business Activities:
commodity pool operator or commodity trading advisor ,,SANDERS CAPITAL ALL ASSET VALUE FUND, L.P.


Advisor Fees/Compensation:
Percentage of assets under management,Performance-based fees



        Amount of client funds and securities:
      
1,015,500,000



            Total Number of Clients:
          
4



            Amount of client funds and securities by related persons:
          
1,015,500,000



                Total Number of clients from related persons:
              
4


Disclosures:




HTTP://WWW.SANDERSCAPITAL.COM


    Data above was derived from SEC filings.
  



Schedule 13D and 13G events since 06/30/2017

Subscription required



 
Form 4 - Non-derivative Insider Transactions Since 06/30/2017
Loading...




WhaleScore history for SANDERS CAPITAL, LLC
You must have a subscription to view WhaleScore histories








Elevate your investments
Try it for free




































SANDERS CAPITAL, LLC Institutional Portfolio - NASDAQ.com






























































Hot Topics:
ETFs |
Smart Portfolio |
Currencies |
Online Broker Center















Search






















Home > 
	Quotes > 
	Ownership & Insider Trades > 
    Institutional Portfolio






SANDERS CAPITAL, LLC






390 PARK AVENUE, NEW YORK,  New York, 10022, (212) 291-7900


Report Date: 06/30/2017

Position Statistics


Total Positions
40


New Positions
0


Increased Positions
25


Decreased Positions
15


Positions with Activity
40


Sold Out Positions
2


Total Mkt Value (in $ millions)
15,763



Institutional Holdings information is filed by major institutions on form 13-F with the Securities and Exchange Commission.



Sector Weighting



Energy
7.31%


Basic Materials



Industrials
2.72%


Consumer Cyclicals
12.26%


Consumer Non-Cyclicals
2.87%


Financials
17.08%


Healthcare
25.85%


Technology
31.91%


Telecommunication Services



Utilities










Total Positions




New




Increased




Decreased




Activity




Sold Out






40 Positions as of 06/30/2017


Company

Class

Value of Shares ($1,000s) ▼

Change in Value ($1,000s)

Change (%)

Shares Held



APPLE INC
COM
1,232,303
26,666
2.21
8,184,799


TAIWAN SEMICONDUCTOR MFG LTD
SPONSORED ADR
1,157,172
30,846
2.74
31,983,753


ALPHABET INC
CAP STK CL C
1,150,962
30,610
2.73
1,232,175


MICROSOFT CORP
COM
888,425
21,012
2.42
12,143,596


CITIGROUP INC
COM NEW
790,098
2,225
.28
11,687,844


MERCK & CO INC
COM
767,630
29,231
3.96
12,052,595


D R HORTON INC
COM
712,898
-84,055
(10.55)
19,764,284


BANK AMER CORP
COM
699,745
5,864
.85
29,023,032


CABOT OIL & GAS CORP
COM
686,433
36,022
5.54
27,261,023


CIGNA CORPORATION
COM
610,827
4,789
.79
3,549,876


JOHNSON & JOHNSON
COM
585,612
16,027
2.81
4,476,132


UNITEDHEALTH GROUP INC
COM
571,663
11,411
2.04
3,025,793


MEDTRONIC PLC
SHS
564,896
171,659
43.65
6,670,948


PFIZER INC
COM
558,792
54,253
10.75
16,933,077


JPMORGAN CHASE & CO
COM
549,905
-11,999
(2.14)
6,006,611


INTEL CORP
COM
499,592
-15,757
(3.06)
14,286,295


PEPSICO INC
COM
452,630
191,654
73.44
3,857,425


LENNAR CORP
CL A
432,850
-29,805
(6.44)
8,162,361


ANTHEM INC
COM
370,198
-32,872
(8.16)
2,017,208


FIFTH THIRD BANCORP
COM
337,931
-20,977
(5.85)
12,927,738




<< first< previous12next >last >>








Latest News Headlines




                            Woodward Announces Declaration of Dividend
                        



	                     1:30PM ET  - GlobeNewswire
	                




                            EXCLUSIVE-Wells Fargo planned to disclose auto insurance issues during customer refunds -exec
                        



	                     1:27PM ET  - Reuters
	                




                            Walmart Chile workers vote to go on strike
                        



	                     1:23PM ET  - Reuters
	                




                            EXCLUSIVE-Wells planned to disclose auto insurance issues when refunding customers -exec
                        



	                     1:13PM ET  - Reuters
	                




                            US STOCKS-S&P lower as Amazon, tobacco stocks drag; Dow, Nasdaq flat
                        



	                     1:06PM ET  - Reuters
	                





View All Latest Headlines



































CLOSEX

Edit Favorites

Enter up to 25 symbols separated by commas or spaces in the text box below. These symbols will be available during your session for use on applicable pages.






Update

Clear List







CLOSEX
Customize your NASDAQ.com experience
Background Color Selector

Select the background color of your choice:





 Black
							





 Slate Gray
							






 Light Gray
							





 Gray Blue
							






Quote Search

Select a default target page for your quote search:



						 Real-Time

						 After Hours

						 Pre-Market
 News
					


						 Flash Quote

						 Summary Quote

						 Interactive Charts

						 Default Setting




					Please note that once you make your selection, it will apply to all future visits to NASDAQ.com.
					If, at any time, you are interested in reverting to our default settings, please select Default Setting above.
					
					If you have any questions or encounter any issues in changing your default settings, please email isfeedback@nasdaq.com.
				





CLOSEX
Please confirm your selection:

					You have selected to change your default setting for the Quote Search. This will now be your default target page;
					unless you change your configuration again, or you delete your
					cookies. Are you sure you want to change your settings?


YES
NO













CLOSEX


Please disable your ad blocker (or update your settings to ensure that javascript and cookies are enabled), so that we can continue to provide you with the first-rate market news and data you've come to expect from us.





CLOSEX


































