 

Sandhill | Business Strategy for Software, Cloud and Mobile.













































Cloud

Thriving in an Emerging Market

			Tarkan Maner, Chairman and CEO - Nexenta  			
Veteran CEO Tarkan Maner shares his tips for building a market, a business, and a brand in an innovation-centric industry with a team of disruptors.





















Leadership

Software Still Dominates VC Activity

				Clare Christopher, Editor - SandHill.com				
The latest NVCA data show software companies accounting for the lion’s share of investment and exits.

 



Big Data

Growth Players: EveryMundo Tackles the Airline Vertical

				Anton Diego, Founder & CEO - EveryMundo				
Here’s how the performance marketing solution vendor leveraged Big Data to manage direct sales for one-fifth of the airline market – and continues to expand. 



Cloud

State of the Cloud 2017

				Clare Christopher, Editor - SandHill.com				
The latest BofA Merrill Lynch Global Research report shows signs of maturity with continued growth for cloud computing.







CloudThursday, July 13, 2017 

Is Revenue Raining Out of Your Cloud?

		Michael E. Smith & Kevin Jackson - Blue Ridge Partners		 
Critical go-to-market changes tech companies must consider when moving to the cloud. 



Big DataTuesday, June 27, 2017 

The Tipping Point in Customer Experience Tech

		Dan Blacharski, Founder - Ugly Dog Media		 
Automation can now solve most issues, provide customer insights and create a superior environment of  personalization. 



LeadershipFriday, June 23, 2017 

Software: On the Road to $1 Trillion

		Clare Christopher, Editor - SandHill.com		 
The latest data from Battery Ventures show the factors driving industry growth and the impact that growth is having on the economy overall. 



CloudMonday, June 19, 2017 

Transforming the Enterprise with Blockchain and DLT

		Alex-Paul Manders, Technology Business Management (TBM) Practice Lead  - Information Services Group 		 
By realizing the potential of blockchain and distributed ledger technologies, it is possible to create a model that transcends the technology itself and becomes greater than the sum of its parts. 



CloudWednesday, June 7, 2017 

Challenges in Cloud Application Development

		Rajesh Kaushal, Senior Technical Leader - Calsoft		 
Developers must be aware of the pitfalls in order to develop robust, resilient and truly secure cloud apps.



CloudThursday, June 1, 2017 

NetSuite Under Oracle: 3 Signs That NetSuite’s Still Hungry

		Paul Farrell, VP of Product Marketing - Oracle NetSuite Global Business Unit		 
The Oracle acquisition is the first step in a journey that will take NetSuite customers to an even more exciting destination.



CybersecurityWednesday, May 31, 2017 

Drafting Employees to Combat Cyber Attacks

		John P. Mello, Jr. - Cybersecurity Ventures		 
The market for employee training to recognize and defend against cyber attacks is one of the most underspent sectors of the cybersecurity industry.



Sales & MarketingThursday, May 25, 2017 

Embracing “Agility” – It’s More than Technology

		Kimberly Breslin, Principal Consultant - Accelent Consulting		 
Software companies must leverage a flexible approach in both technology and people to ensure continuous innovation, execution and results




Big DataTuesday, May 23, 2017 

Big Data is Only One Component of Brand Experience 

		Jeff Augustin, Partner - ISG - Information Services Group		 
Companies must approach Big Data as a confluence of data, technologies, capabilities and human perspective in order to realize its full potential.




Sales & MarketingThursday, May 18, 2017 

Hijack Marketing 101 

		Rick Bennett		 
Learn how to pull off some “crazy” marketing ideas to get your company noticed.




1617
More Articles






Subscribe to Sandhill.com
Keep informed on all that's going on in the software, cloud and mobile industries by signing up for SandHill's weekly newsletter.


First Name



Last Name



Company



Title



Email




















































 













 











Wealth Management | Sandhill Investment Management in Buffalo, NY






































 


















Invest In You.

With a defined investment process that begins with you, we start by creating a results oriented plan to achieve your goals. We care about your priorities and stay in touch – keeping up on what matters to you most. Whether it is your investment results or your overall service experience, we work hard to exceed expectations.






























Measuring Results






905




As of June 30th, 2017, our total assets under management are $905 million







3




We offer 3 proprietarily managed investment products







12




12 years of firm GIPS® compliance – an industry reporting gold standard







37




We serve clients in 37 states across America










Built on driving results and putting clients first.

Sandhill is a firm committed to excellence and results for our clients. What started as a small team of research professionals in 2004 has grown to over $905MM in client assets and a firm recognized on CNBC’s list of Top 100 Fee-Only Wealth Management firms (2014 & 2015).
Sandhill was built with the intention of producing results that outperform benchmarks and putting clients first.  Our extraordinary client base is comprised of individuals, families, corporations, and foundations.
Our Story















Our primary goal is to produce a 
superior risk adjusted return on 
our clients' capital. 
















Private Clients
Most of our clients are like you, who have worked hard and are looking for a trusted source to be responsible for your investments. Our relationship management team will leverage the strength of our investment products and work with you to create an achievable financial plan.
Together, we will design objectives for your portfolio and meet routinely to stay updated. Our portfolios can be tailored to manage unique tax factors, low basis securities, ethical requirements, income needs and/or growth preferences.
Learn More







Institutional Services
From unique investment objectives to the responsibilities that come with being a fiduciary, Sandhill understands the needs of sophisticated investors. We offer a selection of value-added investment strategies that are suitable for a variety of institutional clients.
Our products are offered within a Separately Managed Account format, and our clients have the freedom to choose their own custodian.
Learn More

















Our Results









*For informational purposes only.  Individual results may vary.  Results are representative of our Concentrated Equity Alpha (CEA) portfolio only.  Investment may not be suitable for all investors.  Please speak with an advisor for an asset allocation tailored to your individual needs.  Past performance may not be indicative of future results.  Performance may be materially affected by market and economic conditions.  Investment strategy has the potential for profit or loss.  All Sandhill performance is presented net of fees. Dividends and capital gains are not reinvested.  The S&P 500 Index is a float-adjusted, market cap-weighted index of 500 of the largest US common stocks.  S&P 500 Index historical performance does not represent reinvestment of dividends/capital gains or the deduction of management fees. Withdrawals and other financial interventions are not taken into account within this tool. For a full GIPS compliant presentation, please click here.

 








7/27/2017
July 2017 Update
Sandhill continues to execute and deliver superior investment results for our clients. In addition to continued strong performance, our turnover (the rate at which we buy and sell stocks) is very low – a key indicator to the health of our portfolios.

Read more





4/13/2017
April 2017 Update
Sandhill closed the books on another fine quarter. For the first quarter of calendar 2017, our Concentrated Equity Alpha (CEA) product returned 10.6% net of fees vs. 5.5% for the S&P 500 Index. 

Read more





1/9/2017
Newsletter January 2017 Update
Our teams functioned well across the entire firm, and most importantly, we delivered very good performance in both our equity and fixed income products. The Concentrated Equity Alpha (CEA) product (our flagship equity product) returned 17.5% net of fees for 2016 vs. the S&P 500 Index return of 9.5%. The CEA product outperformed the broad market by 8.0%. 

Read more












When we identify and purchase a great business at an attractive price, time is our ally.
Learn More – Contact Us






















Home | Sand Hill Global Advisors


































 


















 






We Are

We deliver wealth advisory and investment management services to individuals and families, as well as to endowments and foundations.
For more than three decades, we have partnered with our clients to offer objective advice, customized planning, and sophisticated investment management. While our investment philosophy is global, our focus is on our clients’ goals - here and now.
The Sand Hill team is, first and foremost, committed to the financial well being of its clients.


 





We Think

We focus every day on the individual needs of our clients. We listen carefully, and then work in partnership with our clients to develop the strategies that best meet their needs.
Sand Hill’s global perspective is the backbone of our investment strategy: our ability to anticipate, evaluate, and react appropriately in the ever-changing world economy is at the core of Sand Hill’s success.
For each and every client, we employ our knowledge, tools, experience, and broad investment perspective to deliver a solution tailored to their objectives.


 





We Offer

We offer experienced, informed guidance, independent and objective analysis, and over-arching consideration of our clients’ expressed goals and priorities.
From active risk management to proactive advice, Sand Hill Global Advisors asks our clients the right questions, listens carefully to their answers, and delivers the most appropriate solutions for their specific needs, including:

Financial Planning
Investment Management
Tax and Estate Planning Strategies



 















Call 650–854–9150 Contact One of Our Financial Professionals >   Want to learn more? Request an Appointment > 


 










Global Perspective Blog 


 Foundational Planning for the Busy Entrepreneur  

 The Art of Gifting UP  

 Sand Hill Global Advisors Named to 2017 Financial Times  300 Top Registered Investment Advisers  

 
 






Sand Hill Global Advisors:
Serving Clients Through an Ensemble Practice


 






GLOBAL
Your World Simplified
PERSPECTIVE
Anticipating and Embracing Change
DELIVERED
Independent and Objective Execution

 

















Copyright 2016 Sand Hill Global Advisors, LLC | Privacy and Terms of Use  | Form ADV

 







 








Our Team | Sand Hill Global Advisors


































 


















 






You are here 



Our Team 




We’re all about you: Your goals are our goals.
Though Sand Hill Global Advisors seeks investment opportunities worldwide, we operate from a single office in Palo Alto, California. We believe physical proximity, and the fact that many of our professionals have worked together for a long time, facilitate effective communication and decision-making.
The Sand Hill team has the experience, the discipline, and the insight to uncover compelling investment opportunities. We share a common philosophical approach to wealth management, and have made a long-term commitment to our clients’ success.
 



Jeffrey Abadie
Jay Amini
Ivan Chan
Elizabeth Cody
Anthony Craun
Sara Craven
Caroline Curts
Meghan DeGroot
Brian Dombkowski
Rob Hutchinson
Cynde Lee
Gina Lin
David Lopez
Matthew Munro
Stephen Peterson
Mark Strahs
Kristin Sun
Brenda Vingiello
Madeline Whyte
Jane Williams
Kimberleigh Williams
   




Jeffrey Abadie, CFP®View Jeffrey's Blog
Senior Wealth Manager
As a Senior Wealth Manager, Jeff manages the relationships of high net worth clients by providing portfolio management and financial planning services. Included in the ongoing relationship management is cash flow analysis for retirement needs, charitable giving and planning for education funding. Jeff also provides risk assessment and global planning around concentrated stock holdings and 10b5-1 plans.

	Jeff works with clients and attorneys who are drafting prenuptial agreements and marriage settlement agreements to provide financial analysis and planning. He works closely with clients and attorneys to provide spousal support analysis and community property division planning.

	Before joining Sand Hill Global Advisors, Jeff was a project manager of First Allied Securities Inc., a broker dealer in San Diego, CA. In that capacity, he was responsible for technical, operational and trading support for the asset management department.

	Jeff serves as a member of the executive cabinet for the San Francisco Child Abuse Prevention Center. After serving in the US Navy from 1992 to 1996, he earned a BS in Financial Services from San Diego State University. Jeff is a CERTIFIED FINANCIAL PLANNER™ practitioner and is a member of the Financial Planning Association (FPA).




Jay Amini
Controller
As Controller, Jay is responsible for executing all of the firm's internal and external reporting as well as ensuring that these documents comply with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles. Additionally, he is responsible for maximizing the return on Sand Hill Global Advisor's financial assets and for establishing financial policies, procedures and reporting systems.

	Prior to joining Sand Hill Global Advisors, Jay was a Controller with Amcon Sunrooms, Inc. He held a similar role with Hattons, Inc., serving as Senior Accounting Manager. Jay has a solid track record in finance and organizational leadership with expertise in accounting and financial analysis.

	Jay received his B.S. magna cum laude from Cal State East Bay.




Ivan Chan
Trader
As the Portfolio Trader at Sand Hill Global Advisors, Ivan manages Sand Hill’s equity and fixed income trading platforms. In this capacity, he oversees the execution of all trades, and works in conjunction with the firm’s custodians and prime brokers on trade settlements and reconciliation. Additionally, Ivan is responsible for research and analytics in the fixed income space.

	Ivan brings over 6 years of wealth management experience working with high net worth individuals, C-Level executives, entrepreneurs and general partners of venture firms. Prior to joining Sand Hill Global Advisors, Ivan was the Director of Client Services at Three Bridge Wealth Advisors. He spent the first three years of his career as a Registered Client Service Associate with the Venture Group at Morgan Stanley Smith Barney. Ivan’s experience includes managing in-kind stock distributions, clearing restricted stock for venture limited partners and general partners, and implementing 10B5-1 trading plans.

	Ivan graduated from UC Berkeley with a B.S. in Applied Mathematics with an emphasis in Industrial Engineering Operations Research.




Elizabeth Cody, CFP®View Elizabeth's Blog
Senior Wealth Manager
Liz has over 28 years of experience addressing the needs of high net worth individuals and their families by advising them on their wealth management plans. Her expertise spans partnering successfully with clients ranging from multi-generational families to C-level executives. She brings depth and breadth of experience in coordinating the many important moving pieces and professional team members surrounding her clients.

	Liz began her career as an Assistant Client Advisor at Bessemer Trust’s New York office and over the years was relocated to their Chicago, Los Angeles and San Francisco offices where she actively managed client relationships and participated in the growth of these offices. She earned her B.A. in Economics and French from Bucknell Univeristy. Liz has held the Series 7 and 63 and is a CFP® certificant. She currently serves as a member of the Board of Trustees for the Mills-Peninsula Hospital Foundation. Mills-Peninsula Hospital Foundation is a steward of philanthropy for the Hospital, funding the equipment, facility improvements, nursing education and programs designed to enhance patient comfort and safety beyond the reach of the hospital’s normal operating budget.




Anthony Craun, CFA
Chief Operating Officer
As the Chief Operating Officer of the firm, Tony is responsible for managing the firm’s operations, client service, trading and technology teams in addition to overseeing its custodian relationships and the day-to-day execution of Sand Hill’s strategic plan. He also serves as a member of the firm’s Executive Committee, the governance entity charged with setting the firm’s long-term strategic course.

	Tony has 15 years of experience in working with executives, entrepreneurs, their families and institutions, and partners with the Wealth Management and Investment Management teams on complex client situations involving restricted stock and options, lending arrangements and outside investments in hedge funds, venture capital and private equity.

	Prior to Sand Hill, Tony oversaw client service and operations for WrapManager, an RIA located in San Francisco, and was previously a Client Service Associate at Fisher Investments.

	Tony is an active participant in wealth management industry groups and is currently a member of the Fidelity RIA Service Steering Committee and a past member of the Fidelity Wealth Central Steering Committee.

	Tony received his BA in Economics from Wake Forest University. He holds the Chartered Financial Analyst (CFA) designation and is a member of the CFA Institute and the CFA Society of San Francisco.




Sara Craven, CFP®View Sara's Blog
Chief Wealth Manager
As the Chief Wealth Manager at Sand Hill Global Advisors, Sara brings over 20 years of knowledge in portfolio management and financial planning to bear on the issues affecting high net worth and institutional clients. She guides clients in navigating the key financial issues that confront them, including financial modeling, risk management, retirement plan design, charitable giving and planning for educational funding goals. Sara is a member of the Investment and Executive Committees.

	Prior to joining Sand Hill Global Advisors, Sara was a Portfolio Manager and Head Trader at Santa Barbara Bank & Trust working with private and institutional clients and an international and emerging market bond associate for T. Rowe Price & Co. in Baltimore, Maryland. She has been quoted in the Wall Street Journal and Reuters Dow Jones Newswire.

	Sara has been an active board member for the Northern Nevada/Northern California Chapter of the Alzheimer's Association, the leading voluntary health organization in Alzheimer care, support and research.

	Sara earned her BA in Economics from the University of Delaware and her MA in Economics from University of California, Santa Barbara. She is a Series 65 License holder and a CERTIFIED FINANCIAL PLANNER™ practitioner. Sara is a member of the Financial Planning Association (FPA).




Caroline Curts, CFP®
Manager of Client Service
Caroline oversees the Client Service team efforts while directly collaborating with Wealth Managers on complex financial analysis and planning projects including divorce, education, and retirement planning. Experienced in working with institutional clients, Caroline partners with the Investment Management team to provide for the operational needs of foundations and endowments.

	Prior to joining Sand Hill Global Advisors, Caroline oversaw client relationship management and business operations for a top Barron’s ranked wealth management team at Morgan Stanley Private Wealth Management. In this capacity she worked extensively with ultra-high net worth individuals, corporate executives, entrepreneurs, and foundations.

	Caroline graduated from the University of California, San Diego with a B.A. in History. She currently holds the Series 65 license. Caroline is a CERTIFIED FINANCIAL PLANNER™ and is a member of the Financial Planning Association (FPA).




Meghan DeGrootView Meghan's Blog
Portfolio Manager
As a Portfolio Manager, Meghan is a member of the Investment Management team and contributes to the design and implementation of asset allocation strategies. Her specific area of focus and research within the financial markets is fixed income. She works closely with the Wealth Management group to manage client relationships and portfolios and offer additional depth of resources to each client relationship.

	Previously, Meghan worked at SharesPost where she facilitated private party transactions of pre-IPO stocks on behalf of former employees and early stage investors. Prior to that time, she served as an Associate in the New York office of Sanford Bernstein where she focused on strategic asset allocations and the coordination of tax and estate planning with outside professionals. Meghan started her career at Fisher Investments as a liaison between investors and the firm’s proprietary mutual fund. She is a board member of STREETSMART4Kids, which raises funds to support programs for at-risk and homeless youth and young adults in San Francisco.

	Meghan graduated summa cum laude with highest honors from the University of Georgia with a degree in International Business and a minor in Spanish. She is currently a CFA Level II candidate.
	 




Brian Dombkowski, CFAView Brian's Blog
Chief Executive Officer
As the Chief Executive Officer of the firm, Brian provides overall strategic direction and leadership to the firm’s investment management, wealth management, and operations groups. Additionally, he serves as the Chair of the Executive Committee, the governance entity charged with setting the firm’s long-term strategic course.

	Over the past two decades, Brian has served in a variety of senior investment and operational leadership roles throughout the asset management industry. Prior to joining Sand Hill Global Advisors, Brian served as the Co-Chief Investment Officer of Stafford Capital Management, where he actively managed funds for a client base comprising high net worth individuals, family offices and institutional investors. Prior to this, he spent ten years with RCM Capital Management, a dominant West Coast institutional investment firm now known as Allianz Global Investors. In his capacity as one of the firm’s Co-Chief Investment Officers and Senior Portfolio Managers, he managed a multi-billion dollar product and was responsible for all aspects of portfolio management, analytics, marketing, client service and management that accompanied the role. He began his investment career as a member of RCM’s fundamental research equity analytics group.

	Brian has been active on a variety of boards throughout his career including the Children’s Health Council, The American Lung Association, and a privately held mutual fund company. He is currently a member of the Woodside School Foundation as well as a member of the Mid-Peninsula Advisory Board for Presidio Bank.

	Brian earned his BS and MS in Finance from the University of Wisconsin, where he was a select participant in the Applied Securities Analysis Program. He holds the Chartered Financial Analyst (CFA) designation and is a member of the CFA Institute and the CFA Society of San Francisco.




Rob HutchinsonView Rob's Blog
Head of Capital Preservation, Senior Portfolio Manager
As a Senior Portfolio Manager, Rob Hutchinson brings over two decades of financial markets experience to the investment team. His specific area of focus and research within the financial markets is alternative investments. Rob is responsible for Sand Hill’s hedge fund, private equity (including venture capital), and real estate investments. He is an active member of the Investment Committee where his considerable experience in both emerging markets and options trading is a valued asset.

	Before joining Sand Hill, Rob was a managing director at Outrider Management, a hedge fund focused on distressed corporate debt within the emerging markets. At Outrider, Rob was involved in all aspects of the business including investing, trading, operations, and investor relations. Prior to Outrider, Rob worked as an options trader and manager at RBS and BankBoston. He began his career at Cooper Neff, an options specialist on the floor of the NYMEX.

	Rob is a graduate of Princeton University with an AB in Economics.




Cynde Lee
Chief Compliance Officer
As the Chief Compliance Officer for Sand Hill Global Advisors, Cynde brings over 20 years of industry experience. In this role, she oversees the firm’s compliance with all state and federal regulations governing financial services institutions. She has served as a member of the Schwab Technology Advisory Board, and is the former Southwest and California Regional Coordinator of the Advent Users Group. Additionally, Cynde is an active member of the San Francisco Corporate Administration Roundtable.

	Prior to joining Sand Hill Global Advisors, she served as the Corporate Administrator at Dolan Capital Management, where she was responsible for operations, financial reporting, trading, compliance, and client service of the firm.

	Cynde has a BS in Finance from California State University, Sacramento.
 




Gina Lin
Executive Assistant
As Executive Assistant, Gina provides operational support to the Executive Committee of Sand Hill Global Advisors. In her capacity as office manager, she manages vendor relationships and coordinates the daily administrative needs of the firm. Additionally, Gina serves as Sand Hill’s event coordinator, planning and executing client events while lending additional support to the firm’s marketing efforts.

	Before joining Sand Hill, Gina served in an administrative capacity at Benchmark Capital, a venture capital firm. Prior to that, she managed corporate and private events for multiple restaurants on Santana Row in San Jose. Gina attended De Anza College where she studied Russian.
 




David Lopez
Portfolio Administrator
As a Portfolio Administrator, David is a member of the Investment Team where his primary responsibilities include providing operational and research support to the team. In this capacity, he closely monitors and analyzes client portfolios and is instrumental in servicing both individual and institutional clients.

	David first joined Sand Hill Global Advisors as a summer analyst on the investment team where he conducted research and due diligence on alternative assets and equities alongside the CIO and investment team. Previously, David served as Senior Portfolio Manager and President of the investment committee at the California State University, Sacramento Student Investment Fund, where he conducted equity research and managed allocation within the Technology sector portfolio.

	David graduated from California State University, Sacramento, with his B.B.A. in Finance and a minor in Government. He is currently a CFA Level 1 Candidate.
 




Matthew Munro, CFP®
Senior Associate
Matthew works alongside the Wealth Management and Investment Management teams. As a Senior Associate, he manages daily client administrative and operational needs, including coordination of client requests with custodians, reporting, account maintenance and preparation, and processing of client documentation.

	Prior to joining Sand Hill Global Advisors, Matt interned with Morgan Stanley Wealth Management.

	Matt is a graduate of Purdue University, with a BS in Financial Counseling and Planning. He is a CFP® certificant.




Stephen Peterson, CFP®View Stephen's Blog
Senior Wealth Manager
As Senior Wealth Manager at Sand Hill Global Advisors, Steve brings over 20 years of investment counseling and financial planning experience to the firm. In this capacity, he actively manages client relationships and participates as a senior member of the wealth advisory team. He also serves on the firm’s investment committee.

	Prior to joining Sand Hill, Steve worked for Seton Smoke Capital Management, where he served as Portfolio Manager and worked closely with high net worth individuals and managed their related trusts and retirement plans. Prior to that, Steve served as an Associate in Tax and Personal Financial Services for Coopers & Lybrand, LLP (now Price Waterhouse Coopers) in San Francisco. He began his career at Kidder, Peabody (now part of UBS).

	Steve is the immediate past President of the Menlo Circus Club, having served in that role in 2014 and 2015 and on the Board of Directors from 2008 through 2015. He also served on the Investment Committee for the Endowment of the Menlo Park Atherton Education Foundation (MPAEF) from 2007 to 2015.

	Steve holds BA degrees in Political Science and Political Economy from the University of California, Berkeley and an MBA in Finance from the Stern School of Business at New York University. Steve is a CERTIFIED FINANCIAL PLANNER™ practitioner and a member of the Financial Planning Association (FPA).




Mark StrahsView Mark's Blog
Head of Equities, Senior Portfolio Manager
As a Senior Portfolio Manager, Mark Strahs brings over two decades of financial markets experience to the investment team. He holds primary responsibility for Sand Hill’s equity allocation and Core Stock Portfolio.

	Before joining Sand Hill Global Advisors, Mark spent five years at Susquehanna Financial where he worked closely with institutional investors to help develop their equity and options strategies. Prior, Mark worked at UBS & JP Morgan covering domestic and international clients where he managed and advised institutional relationships on their equity investment strategy. He worked closely with CIO’s, portfolio managers and other investment professionals to evaluate, analyze and execute investment decisions. His background includes top down macro economic analysis combined with a focus on stock fundamentals.

	Mark earned his undergraduate and graduate degrees from the University of Denver including an MBA in Finance from the Daniels College of Business.




Kristin Sun, CFP®View Kristin's Blog
Senior Wealth Manager
As a Senior Wealth Manager, Kristin engages her client relationships by developing personalized financial plans and providing in depth portfolio management. Her specialties include cash flow analysis for retirement planning, education funding analysis, concentrated stock holdings and 10b5-1 plans. Kristin also works closely with Silicon Valley entrepreneurs facing significant liquidity events such as IPO’s and company sales.

	Prior to joining Sand Hill, Kristin was an Assistant Vice President with Morgan Stanley Smith Barney and a Relationship Manager with Morgan Stanley Private Wealth Management. She brings over 13 years of wealth management experience working with high net worth individuals, foundations, venture capitalists and entrepreneurs.

	Currently, Kristin serves as Vice Chair of the Board of Directors for StarVista, a non-profit organization and the largest social services agency in San Mateo County. StarVista provides early prevention, intervention, education and counseling to over 35,000 children, young adults, and families each year.

	Kristin graduated from UC Berkeley with a B.A. in Interdisciplinary Studies. She is a CERTIFIED FINANCIAL PLANNER™ practitioner, a member of the Financial Planning Association (FPA), and holds the Series 65 securities license.




Brenda Vingiello, CFAView Brenda's Blog
Chief Investment Officer
Brenda Vingiello is the Chief Investment Officer at Sand Hill Global Advisors and is responsible for managing the firm’s investment professionals, as well as the investment process and allocation. She also serves as Chair of the Investment Committee and is a member of the Executive Committee.

	Brenda brings close to two decades of investment experience to the firm. Prior to joining Sand Hill Global Advisors in 2011, she spent five years as an Equity Analyst at RS Investments where she focused principally on growth stock investing. Prior to that time, Brenda spent six years as an Analyst and Assistant Portfolio Manager at RCM Capital Management. There, she primarily focused on investing in the stocks of small and midcap companies.

	Brenda is a member of the Board of Governors for the Boys & Girls Clubs of San Francisco and also serves on the organization’s Finance Committee. Brenda earned her B.A. from University of California, Santa Cruz. She holds the Chartered Financial Analyst (CFA) designation and is a member of the CFA Institute and the CFA Society of San Francisco.




Madeline Whyte
Senior Associate
As Senior Associate, Madeline works closely with the Wealth Advisory and Investment Management team to address a wide array of client needs including asset allocation, financial planning, 10b5-1 plans, restricted stock and options, and alternative investments. She also assists on intricate projects relating to divorce, education, and retirement planning.

	Prior to joining Sand Hill Global Advisors, Madeline was a key member of one of the largest teams at Morgan Stanley in the Private Wealth Management Division. At Morgan Stanley, she worked with ultra-high net worth clients which included C-level executives, venture capitalists, institutions, and entrepreneurs providing assistance with complex issues such as trading large blocks of concentrated positions, executing 10b5-1 plans, restricted stocks and options, alternative and venture capital investments, and syndicate offerings.

	Madeline received her B.S. in Business Administration from the Haas School of Business program at the University of California, Berkeley. She currently holds the Series 65 license.




Jane WilliamsView Jane's Blog
Chairman
As Chairman and co-founder, Jane Williams advances the business development goals and advises on the strategic direction of Sand Hill Global Advisors. She sits on the Executive Committee and is responsible for oversight of Sand Hill's compliance function. Jane participates in industry panels and organizations dealing with topics of best business practices. She is a member of the Fidelity Investment Advisors’ Council, and is Vice Chair of the Board of Governors of the Investment Adviser Association (IAA) and Chairman of the Government Affairs Committee.

	With over 38 years of experience in the investment field, Jane is recognized as an expert for the work she has done with individuals – particularly women – and couples in financial transition. Serving the family court as a qualified expert in several San Francisco Bay Area counties, she testifies on topics ranging from prudent investment strategies, rate of return, and related financial topics.

	Jane has been active in a variety of non-profit efforts during her career. She served for seven years as a Board member of the Silicon Valley Community Foundation, and its predecessor, Peninsula Community Foundation, chairing the Investment Committee for most of her tenure. She is a former Trustee of the University of California-Santa Barbara Foundation, serving as a member of the Investment, Finance, and Executive Committees. Jane also serves on the Advisory Board for Ravenswood Family Health Center in East Palo Alto, and is a member of the Philanthropy Advisors Council for the Palo Alto Medical Foundation. Jane is a frequent speaker in a variety of settings, including the Stanford Charitable Giving Conference.

	In October 2010, Jane received the Charles Schwab & Co. IMPACT® 2010 Leadership Award. In addition, Jane has been listed as one of the 100 Most Influential Women in Business in the San Francisco Bay Area by the San Francisco Business Times and San Jose/Silicon Valley Business Journal. She was named to the Top 50 Women in Wealth by Wealth Manager Magazine in May 2010. In September 2014, she was honored by the Palo Alto Chamber of Commerce with the Athena Award, which recognizes the achievements of outstanding professional and business women. Jane has been named to the Barron’s List of Top Women Financial Advisors in the nation for 2014 and 2015.

	Jane holds a BS in Economics from Boston University where she was a member of the Economics Honor Society.




Kimberleigh Williams, CFP®View Kimberleigh's Blog
Senior Wealth Manager
As a Senior Wealth Manager with more than 15 years experience at Sand Hill, Kimberleigh actively manages client relationships and provides financial planning and customized portfolio management. She advises her clients on risk management, retirement and education planning and charitable giving. Additionally, Kimberleigh works closely with clients and their attorneys and CPAs on divorce related issues including division of assets and cash flow analysis.

	Prior to joining the Wealth Management team, Kimberleigh managed Sand Hill’s Client Service team where she was responsible for overseeing the establishment of client accounts, transfer of assets, gifting, restricted stock and option sales, tracking limited partnership and other private company investments.

	Kimberleigh played a key role in the formation of Sand Hill’s Women's Wealth Network, and continues to pursue her interest in helping women succeed financially. She is a member the Palo Alto University Rotary Club.

	Kimberleigh has a BA in Psychology from the University of California, Irvine and an MBA from Santa Clara University. She is a CERTIFIED FINANCIAL PLANNER™ practitioner and is a member of the Financial Planning Association (FPA).






Jeffrey Abadie, CFP®View Jeffrey's Blog
Senior Wealth Manager
As a Senior Wealth Manager, Jeff manages the relationships of high net worth clients by providing portfolio management and financial planning services. Included in the ongoing relationship management is cash flow analysis for retirement needs, charitable giving and planning for education funding. Jeff also provides risk assessment and global planning around concentrated stock holdings and 10b5-1 plans.

Jeff works with clients and attorneys who are drafting prenuptial agreements and marriage settlement agreements to provide financial analysis and planning. He works closely with clients and attorneys to provide spousal support analysis and community property division planning.

Before joining Sand Hill Global Advisors, Jeff was a project manager of First Allied Securities Inc., a broker dealer in San Diego, CA. In that capacity, he was responsible for technical, operational and trading support for the asset management department.

Jeff serves as a member of the executive cabinet for the San Francisco Child Abuse Prevention Center. After serving in the US Navy from 1992 to 1996, he earned a BS in Financial Services from San Diego State University. Jeff is a CERTIFIED FINANCIAL PLANNER™ practitioner and is a member of the Financial Planning Association (FPA).

   

Extraordinary service
We believe in consistent and timely client communication to address our clients' wealth management needs. Our investment professionals and their client service teams form a collaborative investment perspective.
Unbiased perspective
As an independent fiduciary that does not generate income or take fees from outside managers, we can be completely objective when we serve our clients. We do not have interests in other firms or managers that create a possible or perceived conflict of interest.

 


 














Call 650–854–9150 Contact One of Our Financial Professionals >   Want to learn more? Request an Appointment > 


 







Copyright 2016 Sand Hill Global Advisors, LLC | Privacy and Terms of Use  | Form ADV

 







 







 






Sandhill Investors Ii, Llc | Government Contractor







 








 






  uattawdayyzqafequydftazbq






					Government Contracts				

					Federal Agencies				



				More 





 Search






							Government Contractors							×














 
















Menu


See All Government Contractors
OverviewContractsCategoriesProducts/ServicesPlace of PerformanceVendor Details 








					Sandhill Investors Ii, Llc				


OverviewContractsCategoriesProducts/ServicesMorePlace of PerformanceVendor Details 








Sandhill Investors Ii, Llc



Overview




Contracts




Categories




Products/Services




Place of Performance




Vendor Details




References










 See all Government Contractors				

 Research Guide				




Share
















Sandhill Investors Ii, Llc Government Contractor in Reno, NV

 






dollars obligated (Latest year)$42,122 United States dollarslatest fiscal year2012total dollars obligated (Since FY2007)$185,679 United States dollarsnumber of contracts (Since FY2007)4 

 

See all Contracts for this Company See all Government Contractors 












Advertisement


ShareOverviewSummarySandhill Investors Ii, Llc has worked on four contracts worth $185,679 USD in obligations from the federal government since FY2007. In its latest active fiscal year (2012), the organization received a total of $42,122 USD in obligations.The sole agency it has contracted with is the General Services Administration.

Principal Agencies
General Services Administration


Principal Category (NAICS)
Lessors of Nonresidential Buildings (except Miniwarehouses) (531120)


Principal Product or Service (PSC)
Lease/Rental of Office Buildings (X111)


Designations
Small Business, For Profit Organization, Limited Liability Corporation, and Partnership or Limited Liability Partnership


Organization Type
Partnership
Location
How does Sandhill Investors Ii, Llc compare to other vendors?A comparison of the amount of contract awards obligated to Sandhill Investors Ii, Llc since FY2007 with other vendors in its location.Awarded 4.2 times more than average compared to  80 vendors in Zip Code 89521, NV.Awarded 5.8 times more than average compared to  1,788 vendors in Nevada's 2nd congressional district.Awarded 5.8 times more than average compared to  4,045 vendors in Nevada.Awarded 5 times more than average compared to all  494,386 federal vendors.


Comparison

Vendor NameTotal Dollars Obligated (Since FY2007)ZipcodeIDIDColorSandhill Investors Ii, Llc$185,679 USDZip Code 89521, NVZip Code 89521, NV Federal Contractors$44,671.50 USDNevada's 2nd congressional district Federal Contractors$31,906 USDNevada Federal Contractors$31,822 USDAll Federal Contractors$36,884 USD




ZipCongressional DistrictStateMoreZip



See all vendors from Zip Code 89521, NV ›Congressional District



See all vendors from Nevada's 2nd congressional district ›State



See all vendors from Nevada ›
 





Advertisement


ShareContractsBy Year

The federal government obligated Sandhill Investors Ii, Llc a high of $143,557 USD in FY2011 and low of $42,122 USD in FY2012.* Dollars Obligated: The amount of money obligated towards a vendor by a federal agency or agencies to work on a contract.* Base and All Options (Ceiling): The maximum amount that can be awarded to a contract as mutually agreed upon by the vendor and agency.



Fiscal YearTotal Dollars ObligatedTotal Base & All Options (Ceiling)ID2011143,55725,840,281201242,12242,122

By Date Signed



Contract SearchContracts that Sandhill Investors Ii, Llc signed from FY2007 onwards.Most Recent

ContractContract DescriptionProduct or Service (PSC)Signed DateCompletion DateAgencyDollars ObligatedPercent ObligatedIDVendor NameGS09B02443-GSP0912WJ0008Type: Delivery Order (1 month)HFVAC REQUIRED UPDATEMaintenance, Repair and Rebuilding of Equipment: Household and Commercial Furnishings and Appliances (J072)3/2/124/30/12General Services Administration$42,122 USD100% obligatedGS09B02443-GS09B0244311151Type: Delivery Order (5 months)LEASELease/Rental of Office Buildings (X111)4/1/119/30/11General Services Administration$47,852 USD1% obligated of $8.61MGS09B02443-GS09B0244311120Type: Delivery Order (5 months)LEASELease/Rental of Office Buildings (X111)4/1/119/30/11General Services Administration$47,852 USD1% obligated of $8.61M

See all contracts for this vendor ›Related VendorsVendors with the same primary NAICS and PSC categorizations.

Title FieldTotal Dollars Obligated (Since FY2007)IDVendor NameLcor Inc in Alexandria, VA Contracts$326 million USDSmith Management Construction, Inc. in Chantilly, VA Contracts$163 million USDTriangle Industrial Enterprise Llc in Birmingham, AL Contracts$216 million USDUsgbf Potomac Yard 1 & 2, Llc in San Antonio, TX Contracts$73.1 million USDPpf Off 1801 N Lynn Street Llc in Arlington, VA Contracts$41 million USD601 West Associates Llc in New York, NY Contracts$57.8 million USDWsc/6001, L.L.C. in Rockville, MD Contracts$27.1 million USDRockledge Centre Associates Limited Partnership in Boston, MA Contracts$93.1 million USDHta - Triad, Llc in Scottsdale, AZ Contracts$49.7 million USDTriad Technology Center LP in Dallas, TX Contracts$21 million USD

Help us Improve!




Submit






Submit

 





Advertisement


ShareCategories ProcuredWhen the Federal government intends to acquire goods or services, it identifies the NAICS code that describes the principal purpose of that procurement. NAICS is production oriented (not product oriented) and categorizes businesses with others that have similar methods of production.Since FY2007, Sandhill Investors Ii, Llc has been engaged in procurements with the following NAICS codes:





Category (NAICS)Total Dollars ObligatedIDLessors of Nonresidential Buildings (except Miniwarehouses) (531120)185,679

Comparison



Vendor NameDollars Obligated (Latest Year)IDIDColorSandhill Investors Ii, Llcuattawdayyzqafequydftazbq$42,122 USDAll Lessors of Nonresidential Buildings (except Miniwarehouses) (531120) Vendors in Nevada$48,000 USDAll Lessors of Nonresidential Buildings (except Miniwarehouses) (531120) Vendors$42,305.50 USD




Lower Than AverageThe principal NAICS category of Sandhill Investors Ii, Llc is Lessors of Nonresidential Buildings (except Miniwarehouses) (531120) as measured by the total amount obligated in contract awards to the vendor since FY2007.In its latest full year of contract work (FY2012), Sandhill Investors Ii, Llc was obligated a total of $42,122, an amount that was close to the average vendor from Nevada specializing in Lessors of Nonresidential Buildings (except Miniwarehouses) and close to all vendors in the U.S. classified by this NAICS category.
Other Lessors of Nonresidential Buildings (except Miniwarehouses) Vendors in Nevada

Vendor NameLocationDollars Obligated (Latest Year)Principal Category (NAICS)Principal Product or Service (PSC)Latest Fiscal YearIDStateNorthern Beltway Industrial Center, LlcLas Vegas, NV$2.69 million USDLessors of Nonresidential Buildings (except Miniwarehouses) (531120)Lease/Rental of Other Warehouse Buildings (X179)2008Rancho Courtyard, LlcLas Vegas, NV$2.14 million USDLessors of Nonresidential Buildings (except Miniwarehouses) (531120)Lease/Rental of Laboratories and Clinics (X142)2008AHP of Nevada Inc.Las Vegas, NV$1.78 million USDLessors of Nonresidential Buildings (except Miniwarehouses) (531120)Lease/Rental of Laboratories and Clinics (X142)2009Doctors Pavillion At Sunrise LlcLas Vegas, NV$1.16 million USDLessors of Nonresidential Buildings (except Miniwarehouses) (531120)Lease/Rental of Laboratories and Clinics (X142)2009County Of ClarkLas Vegas, NV$1.16 million USDLessors of Nonresidential Buildings (except Miniwarehouses) (531120)Lease/Rental of Office Buildings (X111)2011Tih Bonneville LlcLas Vegas, NV$881,726 USDLessors of Nonresidential Buildings (except Miniwarehouses) (531120)Lease/Rental of Office Buildings (X111)2011Benison Ventures Iv Limited Liability CompanyLas Vegas, NV$792,437 USDLessors of Nonresidential Buildings (except Miniwarehouses) (531120)Lease/Rental of Laboratories and Clinics (X142)2007Lisa SuLas Vegas, NV$746,693 USDLessors of Nonresidential Buildings (except Miniwarehouses) (531120)Lease/Rental of Laboratories and Clinics (X142)2009Ph Ssa LlcLas Vegas, NV$668,010 USDLessors of Nonresidential Buildings (except Miniwarehouses) (531120)Lease/Rental of Office Buildings (X111)2011Northwest I LlcLas Vegas, NV$589,609 USDLessors of Nonresidential Buildings (except Miniwarehouses) (531120)Lease/Rental of Laboratories and Clinics (X142)2008Parkway Center LlcLas Vegas, NV$498,838 USDLessors of Nonresidential Buildings (except Miniwarehouses) (531120)Lease/Rental of Office Buildings (X111)2011Reno Office Investors LlcReno, NV$464,864 USDLessors of Nonresidential Buildings (except Miniwarehouses) (531120)Lease/Rental of Office Buildings (X111)2011South Tech Cheyenne West LLCHenderson, NV$431,137 USDLessors of Nonresidential Buildings (except Miniwarehouses) (531120)Lease/Rental of Office Buildings (X111)2009Aircenter North Limited Liability CompanyLas Vegas, NV$390,605 USDLessors of Nonresidential Buildings (except Miniwarehouses) (531120)Lease/Rental of Office Buildings (X111)2007Lotus Investments IncLas Vegas, NV$389,159 USDLessors of Nonresidential Buildings (except Miniwarehouses) (531120)Lease/Rental of Office Buildings (X111)2011Robertson 1983 TrustCarson City, NV$342,070 USDLessors of Nonresidential Buildings (except Miniwarehouses) (531120)Lease/Rental of Office Buildings (X111)2011Michael GirouxBoulder City, NV$325,660 USDLessors of Nonresidential Buildings (except Miniwarehouses) (531120)Lease/Rental of Office Buildings (X111)2011Tierney Enterprises LlcLas Vegas, NV$294,244 USDLessors of Nonresidential Buildings (except Miniwarehouses) (531120)Lease/Rental of Other Administrative Facilities and Service Buildings (X119)2009Chung Properties, LlcLas Vegas, NV$263,410 USDLessors of Nonresidential Buildings (except Miniwarehouses) (531120)Lease/Rental of Office Buildings (X111)2011Reza & Fataneh Athari Family TrustLas Vegas, NV$262,616 USDLessors of Nonresidential Buildings (except Miniwarehouses) (531120)Lease/Rental of Office Buildings (X111)2011Do-Wop Med-Op LLCLas Vegas, NV$240,186 USDLessors of Nonresidential Buildings (except Miniwarehouses) (531120)Lease/Rental of Laboratories and Clinics (X142)2009Dbb Holdings IncReno, NV$232,302 USDLessors of Nonresidential Buildings (except Miniwarehouses) (531120)Lease/Rental of Office Buildings (X111)2011States Duvall 1, LlcCarson City, NV$219,798 USDLessors of Nonresidential Buildings (except Miniwarehouses) (531120)Lease/Rental of Office Buildings (X111)2008Howard Ranches LlcElko, NV$205,968 USDLessors of Nonresidential Buildings (except Miniwarehouses) (531120)Lease/Rental of Office Buildings (X111)2011Fuldner Enterprises, L.L.C.Henderson, NV$199,525 USDLessors of Nonresidential Buildings (except Miniwarehouses) (531120)Lease/Rental of Office Buildings (X111)2011

See all Lessors of Nonresidential Buildings (except Miniwarehouses) (531120) Vendors in Nevada ›uattawdayyzqafequydftazbq 

 


InsideGov is a government research site that uses Graphiq’s semantic technology to deliver deep insights via data-driven articles, visualizations and research tools.


										Deep insights from government data. Knowledge delivered. ›
									









ShareProducts/Services ProcuredProduct Service Codes (PSC) describe products, services, and research and development (R&D) purchased by the federal government. These codes indicate what was bought for each contract action reported in the Federal Procurement Data System (FPDS).Since FY2007, Sandhill Investors Ii, Llc has been engaged in procurements categorized by the following PSCs:





Product or ServiceTotal Dollars ObligatedIDLease/Rental of Office Buildings (X111)143,557Maintenance, Repair and Rebuilding of Equipment: Household and Commercial Furnishings and Appliances (J072)42,122

DestinationThe dollars obligated to Sandhill Investors Ii, Llc to fulfill procurements by PSC, along with the federal agencies that procured them. Hover over the visualization for more detail.





Product or ServiceTotal Dollars ObligatedIDLease/Rental of Office Buildings (X111)143,557Maintenance, Repair and Rebuilding of Equipment: Household and Commercial Furnishings and Appliances (J072)42,122

Comparison



Vendor NameDollars Obligated (Latest Year)IDIDColorSandhill Investors Ii, Llc$42,122 USDAll Lease/Rental of Office Buildings (X111) Vendors in Nevada$55,696.50 USDAll Lease/Rental of Office Buildings (X111) Vendors$51,516 USD




Lower Than AverageThe principal Product or Service Code (PSC) of Sandhill Investors Ii, Llc is Lease/Rental of Office Buildings (X111) as measured by the total amount obligated in contract awards to the vendor since FY2007.In its latest full year of contract work (FY2012), Sandhill Investors Ii, Llc was obligated a total of $42,122, an amount that was 24% lower than the average vendor from Nevada specializing in Lease/Rental of Office Buildings and close to all vendors in the U.S. classified by this PSC.
Other Lease/Rental of Office Buildings Vendors in Nevada

Vendor NameLocationDollars Obligated (Latest Year)Principal Category (NAICS)Principal Product or Service (PSC)Latest Fiscal YearIDStateCounty Of ClarkLas Vegas, NV$1.16 million USDLessors of Nonresidential Buildings (except Miniwarehouses) (531120)Lease/Rental of Office Buildings (X111)2011Tih Bonneville LlcLas Vegas, NV$881,726 USDLessors of Nonresidential Buildings (except Miniwarehouses) (531120)Lease/Rental of Office Buildings (X111)2011Ph Ssa LlcLas Vegas, NV$668,010 USDLessors of Nonresidential Buildings (except Miniwarehouses) (531120)Lease/Rental of Office Buildings (X111)2011Parkway Center LlcLas Vegas, NV$498,838 USDLessors of Nonresidential Buildings (except Miniwarehouses) (531120)Lease/Rental of Office Buildings (X111)2011Reno Office Investors LlcReno, NV$464,864 USDLessors of Nonresidential Buildings (except Miniwarehouses) (531120)Lease/Rental of Office Buildings (X111)2011South Tech Cheyenne West LLCHenderson, NV$431,137 USDLessors of Nonresidential Buildings (except Miniwarehouses) (531120)Lease/Rental of Office Buildings (X111)2009Aircenter North Limited Liability CompanyLas Vegas, NV$390,605 USDLessors of Nonresidential Buildings (except Miniwarehouses) (531120)Lease/Rental of Office Buildings (X111)2007Lotus Investments IncLas Vegas, NV$389,159 USDLessors of Nonresidential Buildings (except Miniwarehouses) (531120)Lease/Rental of Office Buildings (X111)2011Robertson 1983 TrustCarson City, NV$342,070 USDLessors of Nonresidential Buildings (except Miniwarehouses) (531120)Lease/Rental of Office Buildings (X111)2011Michael GirouxBoulder City, NV$325,660 USDLessors of Nonresidential Buildings (except Miniwarehouses) (531120)Lease/Rental of Office Buildings (X111)2011Chung Properties, LlcLas Vegas, NV$263,410 USDLessors of Nonresidential Buildings (except Miniwarehouses) (531120)Lease/Rental of Office Buildings (X111)2011Reza & Fataneh Athari Family TrustLas Vegas, NV$262,616 USDLessors of Nonresidential Buildings (except Miniwarehouses) (531120)Lease/Rental of Office Buildings (X111)2011Dbb Holdings IncReno, NV$232,302 USDLessors of Nonresidential Buildings (except Miniwarehouses) (531120)Lease/Rental of Office Buildings (X111)2011States Duvall 1, LlcCarson City, NV$219,798 USDLessors of Nonresidential Buildings (except Miniwarehouses) (531120)Lease/Rental of Office Buildings (X111)2008Howard Ranches LlcElko, NV$205,968 USDLessors of Nonresidential Buildings (except Miniwarehouses) (531120)Lease/Rental of Office Buildings (X111)2011Fuldner Enterprises, L.L.C.Henderson, NV$199,525 USDLessors of Nonresidential Buildings (except Miniwarehouses) (531120)Lease/Rental of Office Buildings (X111)2011Nevdex Properties LlcReno, NV$188,774 USDLessors of Nonresidential Buildings (except Miniwarehouses) (531120)Lease/Rental of Office Buildings (X111)2011Emerald Assets L.P.Reno, NV$184,032 USDLessors of Nonresidential Buildings (except Miniwarehouses) (531120)Lease/Rental of Office Buildings (X111)2011NNN City Centre Place LLCLas Vegas, NV$172,307 USDLessors of Nonresidential Buildings (except Miniwarehouses) (531120)Lease/Rental of Office Buildings (X111)2011Gaubert PropertiesReno, NV$166,363 USDLease/Rental of Office Buildings (X111)2007Word Of Life Christian CenterLas Vegas, NV$149,454 USDLessors of Nonresidential Buildings (except Miniwarehouses) (531120)Lease/Rental of Office Buildings (X111)2011Dale L Burghardt Revocable Living TrustLas Vegas, NV$146,273 USDLessors of Nonresidential Buildings (except Miniwarehouses) (531120)Lease/Rental of Office Buildings (X111)2011Dermody Family Limited Partnership IReno, NV$139,483 USDLease/Rental of Office Buildings (X111)2011Reno Airport Plaza LlcReno, NV$120,541 USDLessors of Nonresidential Buildings (except Miniwarehouses) (531120)Lease/Rental of Office Buildings (X111)2011The Homestead IncorporatedFallon, NV$120,400 USDLessors of Other Real Estate Property (531190)Lease/Rental of Office Buildings (X111)2009

See all Lease/Rental of Office Buildings (X111) Vendors in Nevada › 





Advertisement


SharePlace of Performance
The locations of the principal plant or place of business where Sandhill Investors Ii, Llc in Reno, NV has had their items produced, supplied from stock, or services performed since FY2007.


ZipCongressional DistrictStateMoreZip



Congressional District



State






ZipcodesZip Code 89101, NV and Zip Code 89521, NVCongressional DistrictsNevada's 2nd congressional district and Nevada's 1st congressional districtStateNevada
 

 







ShareVendor DetailsVisit the full company profile of Sandhill Investors Ii, Llc.Sandhill Investors Ii, Llc 

sales volume (Estimated)$300,000 United States dollarsyear founded2005total employees1employees at this location1


Overview Sandhill Investors Ii, Llc is a real estate agents and manager in Reno. This private company was founded in 2005.Revenue The organization generates $300,000 in estimated sales.Employees Sandhill Investors Ii, Llc employs one person. In Reno, an average company has between 2 and 57 employees, meaning that Sandhill Investors Ii, Llc is one of the smaller employers in the area.
 





Advertisement





×






References




Sources: USASpending.gov, D&B, Rob J Hyndman, and Localeze. Show details  Hide details  







Was this page helpful?

Yes
No


 

BlkHol Email


Welcome to 
Hi! We see you would like to submit a rating. Please login or create an account to do so. Thank you!


Sign In With




Login with Google




Login with Facebook
 We'll never post without your permission.



Don't have an account?
Sign Up Now




Privacy
Terms & Conditions









						© 2017 Graphiq Inc. All Rights Reserved.
						
Support
Terms
Privacy
Ad Choices and Cookie Policy










 
 




 



SAND HILL INVESTMENTS, LLC Credit report, products, contacts













 Florida






Search









    SAND HILL INVESTMENTS, LLC











Company number L06000058548
        

Status Inactive
        

FEI number


Company Type Florida Limited Liability
        

Home State FL
        

Last activity date 9/14/2007
        

Date Of Incorporation 6/2/2006
        

Principal Address
            3817 HIALEAH ROAD, VENUS, FL, 34293
            


Mailing Address 3817 HIALEAH ROAD, VENUS, FL, 34293
        
SAND HILL INVESTMENTS, LLC Principals

M, G, R, M
                Sanders Amy
                 


Address
                3817 HIALEAH ROAD, VENUS, FL, 34293
                 







Registered Agent

Agent Name STEIN               ALAN (p)
        

Agent Address
                3930 SR 64 E, BRADENTON, FL, 34208
                

SAND HILL INVESTMENTS, LLC Events

1 ADMIN DISSOLUTION   FOR ANNUAL REPORT
            

filedDate 9/14/2007
            

Description
SAND HILL INVESTMENTS, LLC has been set up 6/2/2006 in state FL.  
The current status of the business is Inactive. The SAND HILL INVESTMENTS, LLC principal adress is 3817 HIALEAH ROAD, VENUS, FL, 34293. 
Meanwhile you can send your letters to 3817 HIALEAH ROAD, VENUS, FL, 34293. 
The company`s registered agent is STEIN               ALAN 3930 SR 64 E, BRADENTON, FL, 34208.  
The company`s management are M, G, R, M - Sanders Amy. The last significant event in the company history is ADMIN DISSOLUTION   FOR ANNUAL REPORT which is dated by 9/14/2007. This decision is take in action on unknown. 






Comprehensive Report about this company
        





(view sample)








Similar Companies
SANDHILL INVESTMENTS, LLC
SANDHILL INVESTORS, LLC
SANDHILL KINGS, LLC
SANDHILL KUSTOMS, LLC
SANDHILL LABS, INC.
SAND HILL LAKE, INC.













Sand Hill Investors, LLC                                                                                                 - Oneill                                            , NE         - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



NE



Oneill



Nursing and Personal Care, Nec



Personal Care Home, With Health Care



                            Sand Hill Investors, LLC
                                    



 





















S 


Sand Hill Investors, LLC                                                                                                
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



1600 N HARRISON ST ONEILL, NE 68763
Get Directions



(402) 336-4100
www.evergreenalf.com                                                                                    





Business Info



 Founded 2001
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $500,000.00
 Employee Count 10
 Industries Personal Care Home, With Health Care
 Contacts Marv Fritz                                                                                                              







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Sand Hill Investors, Llc                                                                                                 is located at 1600 N Harrison St in Oneill and has been in the business of Personal Care Home, With Health Care since 2001. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







S

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.
















Sand Hill Investors, LLC                                                                                                 - Montoursville                                     , PA         - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



PA



Montoursville



Investors, Nec



Investors, Nec



                            Sand Hill Investors, LLC
                                    



 





















S 


Sand Hill Investors, LLC                                                                                                
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



1500 SYCAMORE RD MONTOURSVILLE, PA 17754
Get Directions



(570) 322-6484
 





Business Info



 Founded 2009
 Incorporated PA
 Annual Revenue $130,000.00
 Employee Count 2
 Industries Investors, Nec
 Contacts Daniel A Klingerman                                                                                                     







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Sand Hill Investors, Llc                                                                                                 is located at 1500 Sycamore Rd in Montoursville and has been in the business of Investors, Nec since 2009. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







S

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.














