

Sanjay Khosla: Executive Profile & Biography - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 1:52 PM ET
Food Products

Company Overview of New Zealand Milk Limited



SnapshotPeople 




OverviewBoard MembersCommittees



Executive Profile
Sanjay   Khosla  Managing Director, New Zealand Milk LimitedAgeTotal Calculated CompensationThis person is connected to 5 Board Members in 5 different organizations across 9 different industries.See Board Relationships66--
Background

		Mr. Sanjay Khosla served as an Executive Vice President of Mondelez International, Inc. (formerly, Kraft Foods Inc.) since January 2007 and served its President Developing Markets. Mr. Khosla served as the President of Developing Markets & Global Categories at Kraft Foods Inc. He served as an Executive Vice President of Kraft Foods Group, Inc. until September 30, 2012. He served as the President of Kraft International Commercial at Kraft Foods Inc. since January 22, ... 2007. Mr. Khosla served as the Managing Director of New Zealand Milk Ltd. (Alternate Name, Fonterra Brands Ltd.) of Fonterra Co-operative Group Ltd from 2004 to January 31, 2007. He has more than 35 years of international business experience from his career with food, beverage and consumer product leaders such as Mondelez, Kraft and Unilever. He also has animal health experience from his three-year tenure as Managing Director of Fonterra Brands and Food Service, a multi-national dairy cooperative based in New Zealand. He joined Kraft Foods in 2007. Mr. Khosla joined Fonterra Co-operative Group Ltd. in August 2004 following a 27-year career with Unilever based in India, London and Europe and culminating in positions as Senior Vice President Global Beverages and Chairman of the Board for the $5 billion Unilever beverages category. He manages a business that spans more than 40 countries. He jointly chaired Unilever Global Market Research Committee Superstar of the Year by New York publication Advertising Age. He developed Unilever's innovation system, which was adopted globally by NIIT Ltd. Mr. Khosla managed Unilever's beverages and culinary businesses in Central Asia and for five years based in London, he was responsible for the Pond's, Vaseline, Rexona and Axe brands. His work included the transformation of the Lipton tea business and the forging of a global joint venture with PepsiCo. He has been a Director of Blue Holdings GP, LLC since May 15, 2013. He has been Director of Iconix Brand Group, Inc. since September 27, 2016. He serves as a Director of 4C Insights, Inc. He has been a Director of Big Heart Pet Brands Corporation (formerly Del Monte Corporation) since May 2013. He has been a Non-Executive Independent Director of NIIT Ltd., since December 21, 2002. He has been an Independent Director of Zoetis Inc., since June 2013. He serves as a Trustee of the Goodman Theater in Chicago, IL, USA. Mr. Khosla served as a Director of Best Buy Co., Inc. from October 2008 to June 9, 2015. Mr. Khosla has an honours degree in Electrical Engineering from Indian Institute of Technology and completed Harvard University Advanced Management Programme in 1998.Read Full Background




Corporate Headquarters
9 Princes StreetAuckland, -- --New ZealandPhone: 64 9 374 9000Fax: 64 9 374 9001
Board Members Memberships
Director4C Insights, Inc.2002-PresentNon-Executive Independent DirectorNIIT Limited2013-PresentDirectorBig Heart Pet Brands2013-PresentIndependent DirectorZoetis Inc.2016-PresentDirectorIconix Brand Group, Inc.
Education
Honors Degree Indian Institute of Technology, Delhi
Other Affiliations
Big Heart Pet BrandsBest Buy Co., Inc.Iconix Brand Group, Inc.Mondelez International, Inc.NIIT LimitedFonterra Co-operative Group LimitedKraft Foods Group, Inc.Indian Institute of Technology, Delhi4C Insights, Inc.Zoetis Inc.


Annual Compensation
				There is no Annual Compensation data available.
				Stocks Options
				There is no Stock Options data available.
				Total Compensation
				There is no Total Compensation data available.
			



Request Profile Update
















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



COMPETITOR COMPENSATIONThere is no Competitor Compensation data available.










Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact New Zealand Milk Limited, please visit .  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close






























Sanjay Khosla | Business Consultant, Keynote Speaker, Author









































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft















  Kraft Foods’s Brand New World |
  Chicago magazine
      |  June 2011
    































































































More →







Dining & Drinking
Politics & City Life
Real Estate
Home & Garden
Style & Shopping
Video





Chicago magazine






Share this story









Edit Module





X









NEW:Check out our picks for Best of Chicago!









Edit Module




Edit Module






Edit Module















Kraft Foods’s Brand New World
Sanjay Khosla learned to woo customers the old-fashioned way—by selling soap off a handcart in the countryside of India. Now at Kraft Foods, Khosla is hailed as a globalization guru. His biggest win so far? Translating Oreos into Chinese

By Victoria Lautman Published June 15, 2011










  


(page 1 of 4) “Sanjay has changed the culture at Kraft,” says a colleague. “Before, everyone [drove] their own agenda. Now the level of teamwork is so high that we’ve exceeded some ambitious expectations.”  Sanjay Khosla is ruminating about “the journey,” tossing out profound thoughts on trust, belief, the soul, and human potential. The quasi-inspirational spiel is part Deepak, part Oprah, part Obi-Wan. But enlightenment is not on the table here: We’re talking about Oreos. They may be the United States’ most popular cookies, celebrating their 100th birthday in 2012, but these days, Khosla has found his own history intertwined with that of the iconic treat. Since becoming president of the developing markets division for Northfield-based Kraft Foods in 2007—ten years after Oreos debuted in China—Khosla has seen the brand ascend from unpopular bottom feeder to the biggest fish in the Chinese cookie pond. And in a country of over 1.3 billion people, that’s a lot of cream filling. “When I started at Kraft four years ago, Oreos were doing so poorly in the Chinese market that we were about to remove them completely,” muses the 59-year-old executive, who was born and raised in India. “I said, ‘Wait a minute. Why not try a different approach?’” For Khosla, who oversees nearly $14 billion of business in over 60 countries, “wait a minute” translated into a creative hubbub that included hundreds of Oreo ambassadors on bicycles doling out samples in various Chinese cities and the towering basketball star Yao Ming explaining in commercials the traditional “twist, lick, and dunk” technique for enjoying the cookie. Above all, there was a massive overhaul that tailored the Oreo to local tastes, making it smaller and less sweet, with non-Western flourishes like green-tea-flavored filling and wafer rolls. Today, China is the second-largest consumer of Oreo products after the United States, and Khosla has clearly earned his transcendental cookie discourse. For the moment, let’s put aside questions about pushing a calorie-loaded confection with little nutritional value on hundreds of millions of Chinese children and consider Khosla’s triumph with another aging American product, Tang. In the United States, the onetime powdered drink of NASA astronauts had also languished in Kraft’s developing markets for years. Then it got the Khosla treatment: overhauled packaging, innovative distribution, and locally adapted flavors that put the original American orange to shame—lemon pepper (Pakistan), tamarind (Mexico), and soursop (Brazil). Today, Tang ranks as one of Kraft’s most profitable products, with sales growing 25 percent a year over the last two years, even if few North Americans seem interested in quaffing it. Khosla had earned stars as a marketing wizard well before landing at Kraft, though he had largely hovered under the radar. That began to change last year, when he took a major role in Kraft’s noisy $19 billion acquisition of the venerated British candy maker Cadbury, a deal that counts heavily on Kraft expanding its markets for sweets around the world. Then, last fall, Khosla and Mohanbir Sawhney, a professor at Northwestern University’s Kellogg School of Management, published a convention-busting manifesto, “Growth Through Focus: A Blueprint for Driving Profitable Expansion,” distilling the strategies Khosla has honed through-out his career. Khosla and Sawhney’s recipe eschews complexity (and mind-numbing PowerPoint presentations) in favor of a less-is-more approach that would make Mies van der Rohe proud. Since publication of the article in the marketing magazine Strategy & Business, the authors have been in demand at business schools and corporate meetings. “I read ‘Growth Through Focus’ and then invited Sawhney as our keynote speaker to talk about it,” says Laura Hackett, general manager of commercial learning and development for MillerCoors. “The idea that you can line up a company behind a few key priorities and will progress further or that companies don’t have to become more complex but can be stripped down for clearer focus . . . it’s very inspiring.” Of course, none of this would mean much if Khosla didn’t deliver in his own right, but Kraft’s developing markets business has more than doubled under his watch, now representing 28 percent of Kraft’s global portfolio, leading the CEO, Irene Rosenfeld, to gloat, “Our developing markets business is the growth engine for our company. We’re so glad Sanjay now calls Kraft Foods his home.” Rosenfeld lured Khosla from New Zealand to Chicago six months after she took over the helm at Kraft in 2006, when profits from the developing markets division were flat as a Wheat Thin. At the time, Khosla was managing director of Fonterra, a large dairy cooperative headquartered in Auckland. “I was lying on a beach in paradise, at the last bus stop on the planet, when the call came in from freezing Chicago with an offer I couldn’t refuse,” he recalls. I first met Sanjay Khosla socially, oblivious to his lofty corporate status but captivated by his tales of übersuccessful marketing strategies. He was like Scheherezade in The Arabian Nights, only his spooled-out exotic narratives featured cookies and teas, soaps and detergents. One anecdote involved a pre-Kraft European product he helped develop that targeted horny adolescent boys eager to attract girls: Khosla and his team figured out how to play on the boys’ desires as well as their insecurities, inspiring them to douse themselves in body products with names like Dark Temptation and Rise (aromas that permeated my own home until recently, when my son outgrew the phase). These sagas seemed epic, transformational, subtly and delightfully fiendish. But it’s safe to say that if there’s a Kraft product in South America, Indonesia, Australia, Russia, or any of the dozens of other countries in his orbit, Khosla has been losing sleep over it, auguring how to sell it better.   Photography: Anna Knott; Photoillustration: Andrew Davis 

«
1
2
3
4
»






 



Share









Edit Module


Advertisement




Other Politics & City Life stories


 

When America First Realized It Had a Problem With Health-Care Costs
2 hours ago



 

VIDEO: How Pokémon Go Fest Turned Into a Pokéflop
22 hours ago





 

How Does Chicago’s Sanctuary Law Stack Up Against Other Cities?
23 hours ago



 

Colonel Jennifer Pritzker Disputes Trump’s Claims About Transgender Military Personnel 
1 day ago






Edit Module
Submit your comment
Comments  are moderated. We review them in an effort to remove foul language, commercial messages, abuse, and irrelevancies.


Enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.





Edit Module



Marketplace


Events & Party Pix

Resource Guide


Dental Profiles
Detroit: The Comeback City
Education Guide
Experience Chicago
Go West
Indochino's Chicago Showroom
Make it Lincoln Park
Prime of Your Life
Professional Profiles



Edit Module

Advertisement



Edit Module

Advertisement








Get Our Newsletters




          Please enter your email address
        
 Are you 21 or older?



Subscribe







Edit Module

Advertisement





Edit Module

Subscribe+-


Subscribe




Subscribe to the
Print & Tablet Edition




Subscribe to the
Digital Edition




Download our tablet app for
iPad


Android




Purchase copies of
Single Issues

Give a gift subscription








 



Edit Module














































Sanjay Khosla | Zoetis | Zoetis 




























 







Zoetis.com uses cookies to improve your experience when browsing our website. By continuing to use this site, you are agreeing to their use. To find out more, view our cookie policy. 


Agree











































About UsZoetis at a Glance
Vision & Mission
Core Beliefs
Awards & Recognition
History
Zoetis Executive TeamBoard Committees & Charters
Board of Directors
Contact Our Directors

Corporate GovernancePolicies & Procedures
Board Committees & Charters
Board of Directors
Contact Our Directors

Corporate Compliance
Company Locations







Home / About Us / Corporate Governance / Board of Directors / BOARD OF DIRECTORS 



Share
Share on twitter
Share on facebook
Share on linkedin
Share on google_plusone_share
Share on email





Print





Text Size







< Prev
Next >



BOARD OF DIRECTORS


Sanjay Khosla




Sanjay Khosla has been a member of our board since June 2013. Mr. Khosla brings more than 35 years of international business experience from his career with food, beverage and consumer product leaders such as Mondelez, Kraft and Unilever, where he managed various business units, particularly in developing markets.  As President, Kraft Foods, Developing Markets (now Mondelez International), Mr. Khosla transformed the business from a $5 billion to a $16 billion business in six years, while significantly improving profitability. He also has animal health experience from his three-year tenure as Managing Director of Fonterra Brands and Food Service, a multi-national dairy cooperative based in New Zealand. Mr. Khosla serves on the board of NIIT, Ltd., a company involved in technology-related educational services and Iconix Brand Group, Inc., a company that licenses and markets a portfolio of consumer brands. From October 2008 until June 2015, he served on the board of Best Buy, Inc., a specialty retailer of consumer electronics, personal computers, entertainment software and appliances.
Mr. Khosla holds a bachelor’s degree in Electrical Engineering from the Indian Institute of Technology in New Delhi.  Mr. Khosla also completed the Advance Management Program at Harvard Business School.
Mr. Khosla is currently a senior fellow and adjunct professor at the Kellogg School of Management, Northwestern University.










About Us
See Zoetis at a glance.More











                Select a Country

zoetis.com
zoetisZO.com



Argentina
Australia
Austria
Belgium (French)
Belgium (Dutch)
Brazil
Bolivia
Bulgaria
Canada
Chile
China
Colombia
Costa Rica
Croatia
Czech Republic
Ecuador
Egypt
Estonia
Finland
France
Germany
Greece
Hungary
India
Indonesia
Ireland
Israel
Italy
Japan
Latvia
Lithuania
Malaysia
Mexico
Morocco
Netherlands
New Zealand
Paraguay
Peru
Philippines
Poland
Portugal
Romania
Russia
Serbia
Slovakia
Slovenia
South Africa
South Korea
Spain
Switzerland
Taiwan
Thailand
Turkey
Ukraine
United Kingdom
United States
Uruguay
Vietnam
 You are leaving the country website to access another site in the group.
Regulatory constraints and medical practices vary from country to country. Consequently, the information provided on the site in which you enter may not be suitable for use in your country. 






Home

|Sitemap

|Privacy Policy

|Cookie Policy

|Terms of Use






How to Achieve Focused Growth     
   
Kellogg School of Management at Northwestern University


logo


Podcast


Marketing
▾
 Strategy


Jul 7, 2014

Subscribe



Share










Print












Email

Twitter

LinkedIn



Facebook



Cite










How to Achieve Focused GrowthAn interview with Sanjay Khosla and Mohan Sawhney about their new book, Fewer, Bigger, Bolder.Based on insights from Sanjay  Khosla and Mohanbir  S. Sawhney



A growing company is a healthy company. New products, new markets, new customers, new acquisitions: These are good things, right? In their new book, Fewer, Bigger, Bolder, Sanjay Khosla, a senior fellow with the Kellogg Markets and Customers Initiative, and Mohan Sawhney, a clinical professor of marketing at the Kellogg School, argue that it’s not just growth but quality growth that matters to a company’s health. Quality growth is sustainable and focused—and requires making painful cuts to some teams while handing blank checks to others.Podcast Insight In Person

Listen







Download Interview









Feed









iTunes Store
More podcasts »How can your business achieve focused growth? Sanjay and Mohan sat down with Kellogg Insight to discuss the seven-part process “Focus Seven” that they develop in their book. (This interview has been edited for length and clarity. For a longer version of our conversation, check out the accompanying podcast.) Kellogg Insight: Sanjay, you spent years in charge of developing markets for Kraft Foods. Can you explain some of the difficulties Kraft was experiencing when you joined in 2007?Sanjay Khosla: Kraft has always had some phenomenal
brands built over generations and some phenomenal talent and people. One
of the reasons it was underperforming at that stage was it was planting
too many flags all over the world—probably doing too much and spreading
itself too thin.KI: Mohan, your experience as a consultant
to both established firms and start-ups led you to a similar conclusion
about the importance of focusing growth efforts.Mohan Sawhney: I saw a very similar manifestation of
that problem with technology companies, and that is what we call SKU
proliferation, or product proliferation. A small company like Skullcandy
that makes headphones has 1,100 models. A company like Microsoft
creates literally tens of thousands of units of products and services. A
company like Cisco goes into 40-plus adjacent markets all at once—and
then they start to stumble.So the problem is of complexity and lack of focus. I found that a
start-up company can get unfocused before it has even a single product
because there are so many opportunities before it.KI: You advise companies: “Put your efforts
where you have the best chance of winning big.” How does this work?
Upper management is being asked to predict the future. That can’t be
easy.Khosla: The important part is to take a few bets.
One example is Oreo, the number-one biscuit in the world. It’s 100 years
old, but for 95 years, it was spectacularly unsuccessful outside the
US. We decided to take a bet on it. We got a few people around the world
working as a collaborative network and took a $200 million business and
made it a billion dollar business in five years.Sawhney: It isn’t just prediction that management
needs to do. There are some scorecards. We point out in our book what we
call the three M’s that can help to prioritize where you’re going to
place your bets. Those three M’s are:1) Momentum. That’s where you’re getting traction in the marketplace,
where you’re getting market acceptance. You’re finding that customers
are responding to your value proposition.2) Margin. Can we make money? How profitable is this opportunity? Is it above margins?3) Materiality. How big can this be for the company? If it’s a very
interesting and highly profitable business, but it’s really small, it
can only be two percent of your overall revenues—that’s not very
material.KI: Another phrase in your book involves
tapping into a firm’s human resources. You write that the same ideas
that apply to strategy, apply to people: “Bet on fewer people, bet
bigger on them and be bold in letting them run with their dreams.” Whom
do you bet on and how do you set these employees up for success?Khosla: One of the phrases we use is “giving blank
checks to people.” I’ll give you a story of a colleague of mine, George
Zoghbi, who was running a global food service and dairy company called
Fonterra. We gave him a blank check. We gave him complete freedom to do
what he wanted.The normal response to a blank check initially is skepticism. It then
goes to fear and panic. You also realize, if you don’t focus on a few
things and do them well, you’re not going to achieve anything in the
timeframe.George did a phenomenal job. He met some impossible numbers in a
short period of time. He fell at times, learned from it, got up and
moved on. He has recently been appointed vice chairman of Kraft.Sawhney: One thing I would say is that these are not
always the people who are in the obvious places in your organization.
So this is actually a key task of leadership, to find the people who are
emerging as stars. There is a fair bit of human judgment involved in
sitting face to face with somebody and saying, that’s a person I’m going
to take a bet on. Ever since I became familiar with Sanjay’s use of
blank checks, I’ve been using that with the company that I’ve been
advising.KI: As companies focus on new markets,
particularly international ones, you stress the need to “go glocal.”
What do you mean by this?Khosla: It’s very simple. It’s a question of, how do
you get the balance right between hopelessly local and mindlessly
global? Take the case of Kraft China. For years, Kraft invested a lot of
money and got a lot of skills and people, but it was caught in a
vicious cycle of low growth, low gross margins, declining market shares,
and making no money. More importantly, there was no hope of making
money.So the approach that we took was, be very clear about what needed to
be done locally in China—things like sales, market activation, local
product development—while leveraging the tremendous expertise in terms
of procurement, manufacturing, and R&D of a company like Kraft.Sawhney: What Sanjay meant by “mindlessly local” is
basically having a bunch of subsidiaries that are operating pretty much
independently, where you lose the benefits of scale. But on the other
hand, if you’re “hopelessly global” then what you have is
one-size-fits-all. And that’s in fact the problem that Kraft had in
China and the Oreo cookies that Sanjay was talking about. They were not
right for the Chinese market. They were too sweet, they were too big,
they were too expensive, but you wouldn’t know that. You had to go to
the villages and the streets of Beijing and Shanghai to figure out what
the Chinese consumer wanted. It had to be the local talents. So it’s
really a combination.Khosla: And then in terms of execution, you need
enough nimbleness and agility and flexibility to keep learning as you’re
doing. So in the case of Oreo, the team came up with things like green
tea Oreo and wafer Oreo. Some of these new products failed, and that’s
fine, so long as you quickly learn and move on. But at the same time
there was some great technology in terms of R&D and processing cocoa
that was then used in all these markets around the world to great
advantage.So the basic pieces of the Focus Seven model stand: get strategy
clear, cocreate and align people around the world behind a simple idea,
be very clear about what the priorities are, unleash the potential power
of people to all the teams, and then measure progress.Sawhney: Leadership just needs to do three things:
find the right people, give them the right resources, and get the hell
out of the way.

More articles in Marketing



Podcast: Why Are Rankings and Listicles So Popular?From “Top 10 Beaches” to “Five Ways to Negotiate a Raise,” the psychology behind effective lists.






A New Way for Companies to Measure Consumer EngagementBrands see value in connecting with customers through meaningful experiences. Research backs this strategy.






To Improve Fundraising, Give Donors a Local ConnectionResearch offers concrete strategies for appealing to donors who want to make an impact.




About the Featured Faculty


Sanjay  KhoslaAdjunct Professor of Executive EducationDepartment:
Marketing


Mohanbir  S. SawhneyRobert R. McCormick Tribune Foundation Clinical Professor of TechnologyDepartment:
Marketing

About the ResearchKhosla, Sanjay and Mohanbir Sawhney. Fewer, Bigger, Bolder. New York, NY: Portfolio / Penguin, 2014.





 Read the original research



x
Kellogg Insight welcomes your comments. To ensure that the discussion is informative, respectful, and educational for all participants, comments will be moderated. We will publish all relevant statements that further the discussion, although comments may be edited for length and clarity.


  
Download Citations


 EndNote/RefWorks/ProCite


 BibTeXSubscribe

Get the latest from Kellogg Insight delivered to your inbox.

          



Sanjay Khosla | The Trust Project



















KELLOGG SCHOOL OF MANAGEMENT






Submit







Kellogg School of Management at Northwestern University







Toggle navigation






Kellogg School of Management at Northwestern University













About
            
        

About Kellogg
Global Impact
Diversity & Inclusion
Leadership
Capital Campaign
New Building






Programs
            
        

Why Kellogg?
All Programs
Full-Time MBA
Evening & Weekend MBA
Executive MBA
Doctoral Program
Undergraduate Program
MS in Management Studies






Executive Education
            
        

Executive Education
Individual Programs
Group & Custom Solutions
The Kellogg Experience






Faculty & Research
            
        

Faculty & Research
Faculty Directory
Academic Departments & Strategic Initiatives
Research Centers
Publications
Faculty Experts Guide
Kellogg Insight






Alumni
            
        

Alumni
Directory & Network Tools
Clubs and Groups 
Career Services
Reunion
Get Involved
Giving



























Sanjay Khosla


The Trust Project at Northwestern University
Contributors

























































Senior Fellow, Kellogg Markets and Customers Initiative (KMCI), Kellogg School of Management
Senior Advisor, Boston Consulting Group Kellogg School of Management / Consumer Products
Sanjay Khosla is a senior fellow in the Kellogg Markets and Customers Initiative and a senior advisor at the Boston Consulting Group. From 2007 to 2013, he was the president of developing markets at Kraft Foods (now Mondelez International), where he was responsible for several iconic brands. During his tenure, sales more than tripled, from $5 billion to $16 billion, and profitability and cash flow dramatically improved. Khosla is the co-author of Fewer Bigger Bolder (Portfolio, 2014) which offers a framework for achieving sustained, profitable growth.
















Learn More






Read full bio





View LinkedIn Profile




Email the Trust Project
Email the Trust Project






Videos by Sanjay Khosla


















                            Trust in Leadership: 3 Lessons in Empowering Your Team
                        


Applications
Contributor / Sanjay Khosla

Sanjay Khosla
Consumer Products
Leadership
Blank checks is all about trust: trusting leaders to do the right thing, to take ownership, and yet be accountable for results. 

How do these blank checks really work? There are three guidelines. The first is, you select the leaders whom you really trust (and the teams) and give them a really big target, let them dream big. And these targets have to be achieved in a very short period of time.

The second is, the leader and the team puts together a short business proposal, asking for the resources that would be needed along with clear deliverables and milestones. 

And the third guideline is to nurture these teams, make sure that they have an environment where they can succeed, and then monitor progress against milestones.

BUMPER: Case Study: Oreo

Let’s take an example; let’s take the case of Oreo. Now, Oreo is the number one biscuit in the world by far. Oreo is over 100 years old. But for 95 years, Oreo was spectacularly unsuccessful outside the U.S. — and certainly not for a lack of trying.

So, we called the Oreo team, and we said, “We know currently it’s not doing well in countries like China and Indonesia and various other parts of the world — it’s not doing well. Just figure out what do you want to do, what resources do you want to use, take a blank check, and go.”

And then they realized, why is it that it’s not selling so well in various countries around the world, like China? And they found that, very often, the American Oreo was too sweet, too big, the price points were too different. 

And they started experimenting, then, with a number of different products, like Green Tea Oreo, wafers. Half these products failed. 

And that was okay. That was really okay because the whole idea here was to give them freedom within the framework of keeping the Oreo essence core around the world but then getting local products, which delight local consumers. 

As a result of that blank check, Oreo went from a revenue of about 200 million dollars outside the U.S. to over a billion dollars in revenue in six years. More importantly, gross margins outside the U.S. were very healthy. 

BUMPER: Three Lessons from Blank Checks

So, what are the lessons that one can learn from giving blank checks? And again, this is equally applicable to small companies and large companies. 

The first is, you get people, you trust people, to do the right thing, and you make them act as owners. The second is that this signal of trust goes all over the organization, of empowerment, but yet they are accountable for results. 

And the third is not all blank checks succeed; very often, they fail because if everything is going well, something’s horribly wrong. The important part there is, if a blank check experiment fails, not to penalize the leader or the teams, provided they’ve learned the lessons from the project. 

That, again, is a signal of trust — trusting people always to do the right thing and making sure, then, you celebrate not only successes but also celebrate and learning from failures.

Over years of experimenting with blank checks, we found that, in companies, you have a choice: you can either be cozy, or you can trust people and get them to fly.




View video










Load More












The Trust Project at Northwestern University
Contributors
Sanjay Khosla











Other pages in Contributors:

Brenna Argall
Jeanne Brett
Bruce Carruthers
Carter Cast
Cecily Cooper
Raymond De Vries
Eli Finkel
Sanford Goldberg
Kent Grayson
Tony Karman
Sanjay Khosla

Harry Kraemer
Niko Matouschek
Kelly Michelson
J. Keith Murnighan
Todd Murphey
Col. John A. O’Grady
Larry Rosen
Paola Sapienza
Jennifer Thompson
Rima Toure-Tillery
Adam Waytz
Grover Wray




Pages in The Trust Project at Northwestern University





Videos


Blog


Contributors
Brenna ArgallJeanne BrettBruce CarruthersCarter CastCecily CooperRaymond De VriesEli FinkelSanford GoldbergKent GraysonTony KarmanSanjay KhoslaHarry KraemerNiko MatouschekKelly MichelsonJ. Keith MurnighanTodd MurpheyCol. John A. O’GradyLarry RosenPaola SapienzaJennifer ThompsonRima Toure-TilleryAdam WaytzGrover Wray


About


Events


Home


















Campuses


Chicago


Evanston


Global Network 


Miami




Info For


Alumni


Corporate Visitors


Current Students


Staff Intranet


Faculty & Staff Intranet


Recruiters




Strategic Initiatives


Architectures of Collaboration


Innovation & Entrepreneurship


Markets & Customers


Public-Private Interface




Learn about


Social Impact


Trust


Negotiation


Leadership


Brand Management


Data Analytics




Follow us


Twitter


Linkedin


Facebook


Google+


YouTube








Kellogg School of Management

Northwestern University
2211 Campus Drive, Evanston, IL 60208
Directions
trust@kellogg.northwestern.edu





















