










 













 













 


 



Fitch Affirms Santander Drive Auto Receivables Trust 2012-6 | Business Wire


























































      Fitch Affirms Santander Drive Auto Receivables Trust 2012-6
    





September 25, 2013 05:02 PM Eastern Daylight Time



NEW YORK--(BUSINESS WIRE)--As part of its ongoing surveillance, Fitch Ratings has affirmed six 
      classes of the Santander Drive Auto Receivables Trust 2012-6 transaction 
      as follows:
    

      --Class A-2 at 'AAAsf'; Outlook Stable;
    

      --Class A-3 at 'AAAsf'; Outlook Stable;
    

      --Class B at 'AAsf'; Outlook Stable;
    

      --Class C at 'Asf'; Outlook Stable;
    

      --Class D at 'BBBsf'; Outlook Stable;
    

      --Class E at 'BBsf'; Outlook Stable.
    

      KEY RATING DRIVERS
    

      The rating affirmations are based on available credit enhancement and 
      loss performance. The collateral pool continues to perform within 
      Fitch's expectations. Under the credit enhancement structure, the 
      securities are able to withstand stress scenarios consistent with the 
      current rating and make full payments to investors in accordance with 
      the terms of the documents.
    

      The ratings reflect the quality of Santander Consumer USA, Inc.'s retail 
      auto loan originations, the strength of its servicing capabilities, and 
      the sound financial and legal structure of the transaction.
    

      RATING SENSITIVITY
    

      Unanticipated increases in the frequency of defaults and loss severity 
      could produce loss levels higher than the current projected base case 
      loss proxy and impact available loss coverage and multiples levels for 
      the transaction. Lower loss coverage could impact ratings and Rating 
      Outlooks, depending on the extent of the decline in coverage.
    

      In Fitch's initial review of the transaction, the notes were found to 
      have limited sensitivity to a 1.5x and 2.5x increase of Fitch's base 
      case loss expectation. To date, the transaction has exhibited strong 
      performance with losses within Fitch's initial expectations with rising 
      loss coverage and multiple levels consistent with the current ratings. A 
      material deterioration in performance would have to occur within the 
      asset pool to have potential negative impact on the outstanding ratings.
    

      For Further discussion of Fitch's sensitivity analysis, please see the 
      related presale report. For a discussion of the representations and 
      warranties, and enforcement mechanisms available to investors in this 
      transaction please see the related presale appendix.
    

      Additional information is available at 'www.fitchratings.com'.
    

      Applicable Criteria and related research:
    

      --'Rating Criteria for U.S. Auto Loan ABS' (April 10, 2013);
    

      --'Global Structured Finance Rating Criteria' (May 24, 2013).
    

      --'Representations, Warranties, and Enforcement Mechanisms in Global 
      Structured Finance Transactions' (Sept. 19, 2011);
    

      --'Santander Drive Auto Receivables Trust 2012-6 -- Appendix'
    

      Applicable Criteria and Related Research:
    

      Rating Criteria for U.S. Auto Loan ABS
    

http://www.fitchratings.com/creditdesk/reports/report_frame.cfm?rpt_id=704137


      Global Structured Finance Rating Criteria
    

http://www.fitchratings.com/creditdesk/reports/report_frame.cfm?rpt_id=708661


      Santander Drive Auto Receivables Trust 2012-6 (US ABS)
    

http://www.fitchratings.com/creditdesk/reports/report_frame.cfm?rpt_id=690442


      Representations, Warranties, and Enforcement Mechanisms in Global 
      Structured Finance Transactions -- Amended
    

http://www.fitchratings.com/creditdesk/reports/report_frame.cfm?rpt_id=676496


      Additional Disclosure
    

      Solicitation Status
    

http://www.fitchratings.com/gws/en/disclosure/solicitation?pr_id=803214


      ALL FITCH CREDIT RATINGS ARE SUBJECT TO CERTAIN LIMITATIONS AND 
      DISCLAIMERS. PLEASE READ THESE LIMITATIONS AND DISCLAIMERS BY FOLLOWING 
      THIS LINK: HTTP://FITCHRATINGS.COM/UNDERSTANDINGCREDITRATINGS. 
      IN ADDITION, RATING DEFINITIONS AND THE TERMS OF USE OF SUCH RATINGS ARE 
      AVAILABLE ON THE AGENCY'S PUBLIC WEBSITE 'WWW.FITCHRATINGS.COM'. 
      PUBLISHED RATINGS, CRITERIA AND METHODOLOGIES ARE AVAILABLE FROM THIS 
      SITE AT ALL TIMES. FITCH'S CODE OF CONDUCT, CONFIDENTIALITY, CONFLICTS 
      OF INTEREST, AFFILIATE FIREWALL, COMPLIANCE AND OTHER RELEVANT POLICIES 
      AND PROCEDURES ARE ALSO AVAILABLE FROM THE 'CODE OF CONDUCT' SECTION OF 
      THIS SITE. FITCH MAY HAVE PROVIDED ANOTHER PERMISSIBLE SERVICE TO THE 
      RATED ENTITY OR ITS RELATED THIRD PARTIES. DETAILS OF THIS SERVICE FOR 
      RATINGS FOR WHICH THE LEAD ANALYST IS BASED IN AN EU-REGISTERED ENTITY 
      CAN BE FOUND ON THE ENTITY SUMMARY PAGE FOR THIS ISSUER ON THE FITCH 
      WEBSITE.
    


Contacts

      Fitch RatingsPrimary Analyst:Khadija El Mediouri, 
      +1-212-908-9109AnalystFitch Ratings, Inc.One State 
      Street PlazaNew York, NY 10004orSecondary Analyst:Hylton 
      Heard, +1-212-908-0214Senior DirectororCommittee 
      Chairperson:Du Trieu, +1-312-368-2091Senior DirectororMedia 
      Relations:Sandro Scenga, New York, +1 212-908-0278sandro.scenga@fitchratings.com













Contacts

      Fitch RatingsPrimary Analyst:Khadija El Mediouri, 
      +1-212-908-9109AnalystFitch Ratings, Inc.One State 
      Street PlazaNew York, NY 10004orSecondary Analyst:Hylton 
      Heard, +1-212-908-0214Senior DirectororCommittee 
      Chairperson:Du Trieu, +1-312-368-2091Senior DirectororMedia 
      Relations:Sandro Scenga, New York, +1 212-908-0278sandro.scenga@fitchratings.com







 
 

 






Search




Advanced News Search

Advanced News Search













Log In
Sign Up














Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version








































Moody's Assigns Definitive Ratings To Santander | Santander Consumer USA














Santander Consumer USA








Dealer Login


Customer Login


Help





 Login to MyAccount









Mobile Menu







Call us at (888) 222-4227 


 About 


Overview


Fact Sheet


Financial Overview


Press Room


Contact Us


Foundation


Internships


Careers


Social Media


Our Blog




 Products 


New Car Loans


Used Car Loans


Auto Refinance


Cash-Back Refinance




 Dealers 


Extranet Login


Agreement


Dealer Contact Info


Contact Sales


Guidelines


Testimonials


Partner with Us


Dealer FAQ


Dealer Payoff


Communication Preferences




 Customers 


Make a Payment


MyAccount


Contact Customer Service


Dealer Locator


Insurance


Customer FAQ


About Your Credit


Finance Calculators


Tips and Resources


Buyer Guide


Share Your Experience


Servicemembers Civil Relief Act




 Investors 







Call us at (888) 222-4227 


 About 


Overview


Fact Sheet


Financial Overview


Press Room


Contact Us


Foundation


Internships


Careers


Social Media


Our Blog




 Products 


New Car Loans


Used Car Loans


Auto Refinance


Cash-Back Refinance




 Dealers 


Extranet Login


Agreement


Dealer Contact Info


Contact Sales


Guidelines


Testimonials


Partner with Us


Dealer FAQ


Dealer Payoff


Communication Preferences




 Customers 


Make a Payment


MyAccount


Contact Customer Service


Dealer Locator


Insurance


Customer FAQ


About Your Credit


Finance Calculators


Tips and Resources


Buyer Guide


Share Your Experience


Servicemembers Civil Relief Act




 Investors 
















About


Overview


Fact Sheet


Financial Overview


Press Room


Contact Us


Foundation


Careers


Internships


Social Media


Our Blog





Log into MyAccount









Moody's Assigns Definitive Ratings To Santander Drive Auto Receivables Trust 2007-1 Asset Backed Notes

                            [Dow Jones & Company, Inc. · 2007-04-04] - The following is a press release  from Moody's Investors Service: Moody's Assigns Definitive Ratings To Santander Drive Auto Receivables Trust 2007-1 Asset Backed Notes $1.2 Billion of Asset-Backed Securities Rated.
                        

                            New York,  April 04, 2007 -- Moody's Investors Service has assigned ratings to the  notes issued by Santander Drive Auto Receivables Trust 2007-1.
                        

                            This  is the first subprime auto loan securitization for 2007 and the first  public transaction for Drive Financial Services Inc. (successor to Drive Financial Services LP).
                        

                            The complete rating action is as follows:
                        


                                Issuer: Santander Drive Auto Receivables Trust 2007-1
                            

                                $204,000,000 5.324% Class A-1 Asset backed Notes, rated Prime-1
                            

                                $340,000,000 5.20% Class A-2 Asset backed Notes, rated Aaa
                            

                                $185,000,000 5.05% Class A-3 Asset backed Notes, rated Aaa
                            

                                $471,000,000 LIBOR + 0.05% Class A-4 Asset backed Notes, rated Aaa
                            


                            Moody's said the rating of Prime-1 for the Class A-1 notes is based primarily on the expected cashflows on the underlying receivables during the collection periods prior to the Class A-1 final maturity date, and partially on the financial guaranty insurance policy provided by Financial Guaranty Insurance Company (FGIC), whose insurance financial  strength rating is Aaa. The ratings of Aaa for the remaining classes of notes are based primarily on the FGIC policy. Moody's believes the risk  assumed by FGIC in insuring the notes is investment- grade at closing.
                        




















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft









 















Santander Drive Auto Receivables Trust 2012-1 Credit Rating - Moody's






















































Yes
No





























About Moody'sCareersRegulatory AffairsTerms of UseContact UsAbout Moody'sCompany OverviewInvestor RelationsMedia RelationsCorporate Social ResponsibilityAlumni













GO






































There are too many sessions currently in use on this account















Log In




Cancel


































Research & Ratings

OverviewRatings NewsRating MethodologiesRatings DisclosuresRatings PerformanceRegulatory AffairsCode of Professional ConductSector in DepthLook Up a RatingFind an AnalystInteractive ChartsMarket SegmentCorporatesFinancial InstitutionsStructured FinanceManaged InvestmentsInfrastructure & Project FinanceSovereign & SupranationalSub-SovereignU.S. Public FinanceRegionNorth AmericaLatin America & CaribbeanEurope, Middle East & AfricaAsia PacificResearch TypeIssuer ResearchIndustry / Sector ResearchMethodologyCapital Markets ResearchDefault & Ratings AnalyticsEconomic ResearchData ReportsPolitical / Economic GroupEmerging MarketsEuropean UnionAsia-Pacific Economic Cooperation (APEC)Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN)Commonwealth of Independent States (CIS)EurozoneGulf Cooperation CouncilMercosurOrganisation for Economic Co-operation and Development  (OECD)Credit PolicyRating MethodologiesRequests for CommentThe Commercial GroupHow to Get RatedRatings DefinitionsRatings Policy & Approach



Products & Solutions

OverviewProducts Listing by A - ZMoody's AnalyticsMoody's Pricing & Valuations ToolsMoody's Advisory ServicesMoody's Economy.comMoody’s Training & CertificationSolutionsAsset and Liability Management SolutionsCredit Origination SolutionsCredit Risk SolutionsData SolutionsEconomic SolutionsInsurance SolutionsInvestment & Pensions SolutionsLearning Solutions and CertificationsPortfolio Management SolutionsRegulatory and Accounting SolutionsStructured Finance SolutionsAccess ProductsCredit Risk CalculatorCredit Transition ModelCredit TrendsCreditEdge®Default Recovery Database (DRD)Default Risk Service - StructuredFund MonitoringLossCalc™Market Implied Ratings (MIR®)Moody's Financial Metrics™Moody's Project Finance ScorecardMoody's Quantitative Ratings Estimator (QRATE)Municipal Financial Ratio AnalysisRatings InteractiveRiskCalc™



News & Events

OverviewRatings NewsEventsTraining EventsTopics





Log In
Register







            Log In 

            Please log in for full access to your permissions. Password is case sensitive.











                    User Name:





                    Password:









                Automatically log me in when I return





                Log In





                Forgot your Username or Password?




        Or Log In using:

























Please Note


We brought you to this page based on your search query. If this isn't what you are looking for, you can continue to Search Results for ""
















The maximum number of items you can export is 3,000.
  Please reduce your list by using the filtering tool to the left.









Close








































































Back to Previous Page



















Please Log In to access this content






Registered User


        Please log in for full access to your permissions. Password is case sensitive.








            User Name:





            Password:








            Automatically log me in when I return



            Log In





            Forgot your Username or Password?



        Or Log In using:
    







Not Registered Yet?

Register now to get FREE access to:
Issuer Ratings.
Ratings on over 170,000 corporate, government and structured finance securities.
Events Calendar.
Information about training seminars, briefings, and teleconferences.
Watchlists.
Listings of issuers under review for rating changes.
Rating Methodologies.
Descriptive frameworks underlying Moody's ratings.

 

Register Now

















Santander Drive Auto Receivables Trust 2012-1

Moody's Org ID:723031758







Moody's Org ID:723031758

Market Segment:Structured Finance > ABS > Autos & Vehicles...>> > Auto Loans > Subprime <<







Please Log In to view this content.



















                                    Research



                                    Ratings



                                    Related Parties







                            Go to Auto ABS industry page
                        









    Deal Research


    Industry Research


    Performance


    Related Parties Research


    Methodology






Results 
        1 - 14
Of 
        14


 
        Page 
        
        1
Of 
        1 
        






                Filter By:
            


Document Type - All
Issuer Comment
Pre-Sale Report
Rating Action
SEC Rule 17g-7 Report of R&Ws


Source - All
Moody's Investors Service







Date
    
    



Document Type
    



                        Title
                    

                        Source
                    




                    21 Mar 2016
                

                    Rating Action
                













                                    Moody's upgrades Santander subprime auto loan ABS from 2011 through 2015





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    30 Oct 2015
                

                    Rating Action
                













                                    Moody's upgrades Santander subprime auto loan ABS from 2011 through 2015





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    21 Jul 2015
                

                    Issuer Comment
                













                                    US - ABS: US Enforcement Action Against Santander Is Likely to Result in Better Risk Management at SCUSA





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    12 Mar 2015
                

                    Rating Action
                













                                    Moody's upgrades Santander subprime auto loan ABS issued between 2011 and 2014





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    15 Sep 2014
                

                    Rating Action
                













                                    Moody's upgrades Santander subprime auto loan ABS from 2011 - 2013





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    17 Mar 2014
                

                    Rating Action
                













                                    Moody's upgrades Santander subprime auto loan ABS from 2011 to 2013





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    10 Dec 2013
                

                    Issuer Comment
                













                                    Santander Auto Loan ABS Surveillance Commentary





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    22 Oct 2013
                

                    Rating Action
                













                                    Moody's upgrades Santander subprime auto loan ABS from 2011 and 2012





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    24 Jul 2013
                

                    Rating Action
                













                                    Moody's reviews Santander subprime auto loan ABS for upgrade





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    19 Jan 2012
                

                    Rating Action
                













                                    Moody's assigned definitive ratings to Santander Drive Auto Receivables Trust 2012-1





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    19 Jan 2012
                

                    SEC Rule 17g-7 Report of R&Ws
                













                                    Santander Drive Auto Receivables Trust 2012-1 Deal v 1.1 Compared To Auto & Consumer Loans v 1.0





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    09 Jan 2012
                

                    Rating Action
                













                                    Moody's assigned provisional ratings to Santander Drive Auto Receivables Trust 2012-1





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    09 Jan 2012
                

                    Pre-Sale Report
                













                                    Santander Drive Auto Receivables Trust 2012-1





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    09 Jan 2012
                

                    SEC Rule 17g-7 Report of R&Ws
                













                                    Santander Drive Auto Receivables Trust 2012-1 Deal v1.0 Compared To Auto & Consumer Loans v1.0





                    Moody's Investors Service
                





Results 
        1 - 14
Of 
        14


 
        Page 
        
        1
Of 
        1 
        
















                6The rating history for this credit rating accurately reflects the current status of the (sf) indicator but, due to technical limitations, does not accurately reflect the (sf) indicator history. Please visit the Research tab to view the press release(s) announcing when the (sf) indicator was added or removed.


For credit ratings that are derived exclusively from an existing credit rating of a program, series, category/class of debt, support provider or primary rated entity, or that replace a previously assigned provisional rating at the same rating level, Moody’s publishes a rating announcement on that series, category/class of debt or program as a whole, on the support provider or primary rated entity, or on the provisional rating, but often does not publish a specific rating announcement on each subsequent bond or note for which the credit rating is derived from the existing credit rating. Rating announcements are usually press releases classified as Rating Actions on www.moodys.com. Please refer to the Research tab on the issuer/entity page for the rating announcement.
















Moody's Integrity Hotline
EU

001-800-506-1440
Japan

KDDI: 00-539-111 then 888-320-1668
NTT: 0034-811-001 then 888-320-1668
Outside of the EU and Japan

1-866-330-MDYS (6397)



Browse By
HomeResearch & RatingsProducts & SolutionsNews & EventsCareers


Contact Us
Help & SupportContact UsSubmit a Complaint


Terms & Conditions
Terms of UsePrivacy PolicyProprietary Rights





            © 2017 Moody's Investors Service, Inc., Moody’s Analytics, Inc. and/or their affiliates and licensors. All rights reserved.
        

           Regional Sites:
            
GlobalArgentinaAsiaAustraliaBoliviaBrazilCanadaCEEChinaCzech RepublicCISEMEAFranceGermanyIndonesiaIndiaItalyJapanKoreaMexicoMiddle EastPolandSouth AfricaSpainTurkeyTaiwanUruguay

































































































Santander Drive Auto Receivables Trust 2012-3 Amended And Restated Trust Agreement Between Santander Drive Auto Receivables Llc, As The Seller And Wells Fargo Delaware Trust Company, N.a. As The Owner Trustee Dated As Of May 16, 2012 - Trust Agreement - Free Search.
















 


















                 You are here: Agreements   > Trust Agreement     > SANTANDER DRIVE AUTO RECEIVABLES TRUST 2012-3 AMENDED AND RESTATED TRUST AGREEMENT between SANTANDER DRIVE AUTO RECEIVABLES LLC, as the Seller and WELLS FARGO DELAWARE TRUST COMPANY, N.A. as the Owner Trustee Dated as of May 16, 2012

 
Search Documents | Browse Documents











SITE SEARCH


AGREEMENTS / CONTRACTS






Document Title:



Entire Document:(optional)



Governing Law(optional)

AllAlabamaAlaskaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareFlorida
                            GeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMaryland
                            MassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevada
                            New HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahoma
                            OregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtah
                            VermontVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyoming 






Try our advanced search >>

CLAUSES
Search Contract Clauses >>
Browse Contract Clause Library>>

















Santander Drive Auto Receivables Trust 2012-3 Amended And Restated Trust Agreement Between Santander Drive Auto Receivables Llc, As The Seller And Wells Fargo Delaware Trust Company, N.a. As The Owner Trustee Dated As Of May 16, 2012
Trust Agreement



You are currently viewing:
 This Trust Agreement involves SANTANDER DRIVE AUTO RECEIVABLES LLC. RealDealDocs™ contains millions of easily searchable legal documents and clauses from top law firms. Search for free - click here.  
                  



Title: SANTANDER DRIVE AUTO RECEIVABLES TRUST 2012-3 AMENDED AND RESTATED TRUST AGREEMENT between SANTANDER DRIVE AUTO RECEIVABLES LLC, as the Seller and WELLS FARGO DELAWARE TRUST COMPANY, N.A. as the Owner Trustee Dated as of May 16, 2012 Governing Law: Delaware      Date: 5/17/2012 









Preview

Edit & Save 

Related Documents 



50 of the Top 250 law firms use our Products every day









EXHIBIT 10.4

SANTANDER DRIVE AUTO RECEIVABLES
TRUST 2012-3

AMENDED AND
RESTATED

TRUST AGREEMENT

between

SANTANDER DRIVE AUTO RECEIVABLES
LLC,

as the Seller

and

WELLS FARGO DELAWARE TRUST
COMPANY, N.A.

as the Owner
Trustee

Dated as of May 16,
2012

Amended and
Restated
Trust Agreement (2012-3)



TABLE OF CONTENTS
 



















 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


  



Page


 









ARTICLE
I


 


DEFINITIONS


  


 



1


  












 


SECTION 1.1.


 



 


Capitalized Terms


  


 



1


  












 


SECTION 1.2.


 



 


Other Interpretive Provisions


  


 



1


  









ARTICLE
II


 


ORGANIZATION


  


 



2


  












 


SECTION 2.1.


 



 


Name


  


 



2


  












 


SECTION 2.2.


 



 


Office


  


 



2


  












 


SECTION 2.3.


 



 


Purposes and Powers


  


 



2


  












 


SECTION 2.4.


 



 


Appointment of the Owner Trustee


  


 



3


  












 


SECTION 2.5.


 



 


Initial Capital Contribution of Trust
Estate


  


 



3


  












 


SECTION 2.6.


 



 


Declaration of Trust


  


 



3


  












 


SECTION 2.7.


 



 


Organizational Expenses; Liabilities of the
Holders


  


 



3


  












 


SECTION 2.8.


 



 


Title to the Trust Estate


  


 



4


  












 


SECTION 2.9.


 



 


Representations and Warranties of the
Seller


  


 



4


  












 


SECTION 2.10.


 



 


Situs of Issuer


  


 



5


  












 


SECTION 2.11.


 



 


Covenants of the Residual
Interestholders


  


 



5


  









ARTICLE III


 


RESIDUAL INTEREST AND TRANSFER OF
CERTIFICATES


  


 



5


  












 


SECTION 3.1.


 



 


Initial Ownership


  


 



5


  












 


SECTION 3.2.


 



 


Authorization of the Certificates


  


 



5


  












 


SECTION 3.3.


 



 


Form of the Certificate


  


 



5


  












 


SECTION 3.4.


 



 


Registration of the Certificates


  


 



5


  












 


SECTION 3.5.


 



 


Transfer of the Certificate


  


 



6


  












 


SECTION 3.6.


 



 


Lost, Stolen, Mutilated or Destroyed
Certificates


  


 



7


  












 


SECTION 3.7.


 



 


Appointment of the Certificate Paying
Agent


  


 



8


  









ARTICLE IV


 


ACTIONS BY OWNER TRUSTEE


  


 



8


  












 


SECTION 4.1.


 



 


Prior Notice to Residual Interestholder with
Respect to Certain Matters


  


 



8


  












 


SECTION 4.2.


 



 


Action by Residual Interestholder with Respect
to Certain Matters


  


 



9


  












 


SECTION 4.3.


 



 


Action by Residual Interestholder with Respect
to Bankruptcy


  


 



9


  












 


SECTION 4.4.


 



 


Restrictions on Residual Interestholder’s
Power


  


 



9


  




 
-i-



TABLE OF CONTENTS
(continued)
 

















 


 


 


 


 


 


 


  



Page


 











 


SECTION 4.5.


 


Majority Control


  


 



10


  









ARTICLE V


 


APPLICATION OF
TRUST FUNDS; CERTAIN DUTIES


  


 



10


  











 


SECTION 5.1.


 


Application of Trust Funds


  


 



10


  











 


SECTION 5.2.


 


Method of Payment


  


 



10


  











 


SECTION 5.3.


 


Signature on Returns


  


 



10


  











 


SECTION 5.4.


 


Certificate Distribution Account


  


 



10


  









ARTICLE VI


 


AUTHORITY AND
DUTIES OF OWNER TRUSTEE


  


 



11


  











 


SECTION 6.1.


 


General Authority


  


 



11


  











 


SECTION 6.2.


 


General Duties


  


 



11


  











 


SECTION 6.3.


 


Action upon Instruction


  


 



11


  











 


SECTION 6.4.


 


No Duties Except as Specified in this Agreement
or in Instructions


  


 



12


  











 


SECTION 6.5.


 


No Action Except under Specified Documents or
Instructions


  


 



12


  











 


SECTION 6.6.


 


Restrictions


  


 



13


  









ARTICLE VII


 


CONCERNING
OWNER TRUSTEE


  


 



13


  











 


SECTION 7.1.


 


Acceptance of Trusts and Duties


  


 



13


  











 


SECTION 7.2.


 


Furnishing of Documents


  


 



15


  











 


SECTION 7.3.


 


Representations and Warranties


  


 



15


  











 


SECTION 7.4.


 


Reliance; Advice of Counsel


  


 



15


  











 


SECTION 7.5.


 


Not Acting in Individual Capacity


  


 



16


  











 


SECTION 7.6.


 


The Owner Trustee May Own Notes


  


 



16


  











 


SECTION 7.7.


 


Compliance with Patriot Act


  


 



16


  









ARTICLE VIII


 


COMPENSATION OF
OWNER TRUSTEE


  


 



17


  











 


SECTION 8.1.


 


The Owner Trustee’s
Compensation


  


 



17


  











 


SECTION 8.2.


 


Indemnification


  


 



17


  











 


SECTION 8.3.


 


Payments to the Owner Trustee


  


 



17


  









ARTICLE IX


 


TERMINATION OF
TRUST AGREEMENT


  


 



18


  











 


SECTION 9.1.


 


Dissolution of Issuer


  


 



18


  











 


SECTION 9.2.


 


Termination of Trust Agreement


  


 



18


  











 


SECTION 9.3.


 


Limitations on Termination


  


 



18


  




 
-ii-



TABLE OF CONTENTS
(continued)
 

















 


 


 


 


 


 


 


  



Page


 









ARTICLE X


 


SUCCESSOR OWNER
TRUSTEES AND ADDITIONAL OWNER TRUSTEES


  


 



18


  











 


SECTION 10.1.


 


Eligibility Requirements for the Owner
Trustee


  


 



18


  











 


SECTION 10.2.


 


Resignation or Removal of the Owner
Trustee


  


 



19


  











 


SECTION 10.3.


 


Successor Owner Trustee


  


 



19


  











 


SECTION 10.4.


 


Merger or Consolidation of the Owner
Trustee


  


 



20


  











 


SECTION 10.5.


 


Appointment of Co-Trustee or Separate
Trustee


  


 



20


  










ARTICLE XI


 



MISCELLANEOUS


  


 



21


  











 


SECTION 11.1.


 


Amendments


  


 



21


  











 


SECTION 11.2.


 


No Legal Title to Trust Estate in Residual
Interestholder


  


 



23


  











 


SECTION 11.3.


 


Limitations on Rights of Others


  


 



23


  











 


SECTION 11.4.


 


Notices


  


 



23


  











 


SECTION 11.5.


 


Severability


  


 



23


  











 


SECTION 11.6.


 


Separate Counterparts


  


 



23


  











 


SECTION 11.7.


 


Successors and Assigns


  


 



23


  











 


SECTION 11.8.


 


No Petition


  


 



24


  











 


SECTION 11.9.


 


Information Request


  


 



25


  











 


SECTION 11.10.


 


Headings


  


 



25


  











 


SECTION 11.11.


 


GOVERNING LAW


  


 



25


  











 


SECTION 11.12.


 


Waiver of Jury Trial


  


 



25


  











 


SECTION 11.13.


 


Form 10-D and Form 10-K Filings


  


 



25


  











 


SECTION 11.14.


 


Form 8-K Filings


  


 



25


  











 


SECTION 11.15.


 


Information to Be Provided by the Owner
Trustee


  


 



25


  




 
-iii-



This AMENDED AND RESTATED TRUST
AGREEMENT is made as of May 16, 2012 (as amended,
supplemented or otherwise modified and in effect from time to time,
this “ Agreement ” or this “ Trust
Agreement ”) between SANTANDER DRIVE AUTO RECEIVABLES
LLC , a Delaware limited liability company, as the Seller (the
“ Seller ”), and WELLS FARGO DELAWARE TRUST
COMPANY, N.A. , a national banking association, as the owner
trustee (“ Wells Fargo ” and in such capacity
the “ Owner Trustee ”).

RECITALS

WHEREAS, the Seller and the Owner
Trustee entered into that certain Trust Agreement dated as of
April 17, 2012 (the “ Original Trust Agreement
”), pursuant to which the Issuer (as defined below) was
created; and

WHEREAS, in connection with the
issuance of the Notes, the parties have agreed to amend and restate
the Original Trust Agreement;

NOW THEREFORE, IN CONSIDERATION of
the mutual agreements herein contained, and of other good and
valuable consideration, the receipt and adequacy of which are
hereby acknowledged, the parties agree as follows:

ARTICLE I

DEFINITIONS

SECTION 1.1. Capitalized
Terms . Unless otherwise indicated, capitalized terms used in
this Agreement are defined in Appendix A to the Sale and Servicing
Agreement dated as of the date hereof (as from time to time
amended, supplemented or otherwise modified and in effect, the
“ Sale and Servicing Agreement ”) between the
Issuer, the Seller, the Servicer, and U.S. Bank National
Association, as Indenture Trustee.

SECTION 1.2. Other Interpretive
Provisions . All terms defined in this Agreement shall have the
defined meanings when used in any certificate or other document
delivered pursuant hereto unless otherwise defined therein. For
purposes of this Agreement and all such certificates and other
documents, unless the context otherwise requires:
(a) accounting terms not otherwise defined in this Agreement,
and accounting terms partly defined in this Agreement to the extent
not defined, shall have the respective meanings given to them under
GAAP ( provided , that, to the extent that the definitions
in this Agreement and GAAP conflict, the definitions in this
Agreement shall control); (b) terms defined in Article 9 of
the UCC as in effect in the State of Delaware and not otherwise
defined in this Agreement are used as defined in that Article;
(c) the words “hereof,” “herein” and
“hereunder” and words of similar import refer to this
Agreement as a whole and not to any particular provision of this
Agreement; (d) references to any Article, Section, Schedule or
Exhibit are references to Articles, Sections, Schedules and
Exhibits in or to this Agreement, and references to any paragraph,
subsection, clause or other subdivision within any Section or
definition refer to such paragraph, subsection, clause or other
subdivision of such Section or definition; (e) the term
“including” and all variations thereof means
“including without limitation”; (f) references to
any law or regulation refer to that law or regulation as amended
from time to time and include any successor law or regulation; and
(g) references to any Person include that Person’s
successors and assigns.
 












 



 


Amended and Restated

Trust Agreement
(2012-3)







ARTICLE II

ORGANIZATION

SECTION 2.1. Name . The trust
created under the Original Trust Agreement shall be known as
“Santander Drive Auto Receivables Trust 2012-3” (the
“ Issuer ”), in which name the Owner Trustee and
the Administrator or Servicer (to the extent set forth in the
Transaction Documents) may conduct the business of such trust, make
and execute contracts and other instruments on behalf of such trust
and sue and be sued.

SECTION 2.2. Office . The
office of the Issuer shall be in care of the Owner Trustee at the
Corporate Trust Office or at such other address as the Owner
Trustee may designate by written notice to the Residual
Interestholder, the Seller and the Administrator.

SECTION 2.3. Purposes and
Powers . The purpose of the Issuer is, and the Issuer shall
have the power and authority, to engage in the following
activities:

(a) to issue the Notes pursuant to
the Indenture and the Certificates pursuant to this Agreement, and
to sell, transfer and exchange the Notes and the Certificates and
to pay interest on and principal of the Notes and distributions to
the Residual Interestholder;

(b) to acquire the property and
assets set forth in the Sale and Servicing Agreement from the
Seller pursuant to the terms thereof, to make deposits to and
withdrawals from the Collection Account and the Reserve Account and
to pay the organizational, start-up and transactional expenses of
the Issuer;

(c) to assign, grant, transfer,
pledge, mortgage and convey the Trust Estate pursuant to the
Indenture and to hold, manage and distribute to the Residual
Interestholder any portion of the Trust Estate released from the
lien of, and remitted to the Issuer pursuant to, the
Indenture;

(d) to enter into and perform its
obligations under the Transaction Documents to which it is a
party;

(e) to engage in those activities,
including entering into agreements, that are necessary, suitable or
convenient to accomplish the foregoing or are incidental thereto or
connected therewith; and

(f) subject to compliance with the
Transaction Documents, to engage in such other activities as may be
required in connection with conservation of the Trust Estate and
the making of distributions to the Residual Interestholder and the
Noteholders.

The Owner Trustee is hereby
authorized to engage in the foregoing activities on behalf of the
Issuer. Neither the Issuer nor the Owner Trustee on behalf of the
Issuer shall engage in any activity other than in connection with
the foregoing or other than as required or authorized by the terms
of this Agreement or the other Transaction Documents.
 












 



2


 


Amended and Restated

Trust Agreement
(2012-3)







SECTION 2.4. Appointment of the
Owner Trustee. The Seller hereby appoints the Owner Trustee as
trustee of the Issuer effective as of the date hereof, to have all
the rights, powers and duties set forth herein.

SECTION 2.5. Initial Capital
Contribution of Trust Estate . As of the date of the Original
Trust Agreement, the Seller sold, assigned, transferred, conveyed
and set over to the Owner Trustee the sum of $1. The Owner Trustee
hereby acknowledges receipt in trust from the Seller, as of such
date, of the foregoing contribution, which shall constitute the
initial Trust Estate and shall be deposited in the Collection
Account.

SECTION 2.6. Declaration of
Trust . The Owner Trustee hereby declares that it will hold the
Trust Estate in trust upon and subject to the conditions set forth
herein for the use and benefit of the Residual Interestholder,
subject to the obligations of the Issuer under the Transaction
Documents. It is the intention of the parties hereto that the
Issuer constitute a statutory trust under the Statutory Trust
Statute and that this Agreement constitute the governing instrument
of such statutory trust. It is the intention of the parties hereto
that, solely for federal income or state and local income,
franchise and value added tax purposes, so long as there is a
single beneficial owner of the Residual Interest, the Issuer will
be disregarded as an entity separate from such beneficial owner and
the Notes will be characterized as debt. The parties agree that,
unless otherwise required by appropriate tax authorities, the
Issuer will not file or cause to be filed annual or other necessary
returns, reports and other forms consistent with the
characterization of the Issuer as an entity separate from its
owner. In the event that the Issuer is deemed to have more than one
beneficial owner for federal income tax purposes, the Issuer will
file returns, reports and other forms consistent with the
characterization of the Issuer as a partnership (that is not
treated as a publicly traded partnership), and this Agreement shall
be amended to include such provisions as may be required under
Subchapter K of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.
Effective as of the date hereof, the Owner Trustee shall have all
rights, powers and duties set forth herein to the extent not
inconsistent herewith, and in the Statutory Trust Statute with
respect to accomplishing the purposes of the Issuer. The Owner
Trustee has heretofore filed the Certificate of Trust with the
Secretary of State of the State of Delaware as required by
Section 3810(a) of the Statutory Trust Statute, such filing
hereby being ratified and approved in all respects. Notwithstanding
anything herein or in the Statutory Trust Statute to the contrary,
it is the intention of the parties hereto that the Issuer
constitute a “business trust” within the meaning of
Section 101(9)(A)(v) of the Bankruptcy Code.

SECTION 2.7. Organizational
Expenses; Liabilities of the Holders .

(a) The Servicer shall pay
organizational expenses of the Issuer as they may arise.

(b) No Residual Interestholder
(including the Seller if the Seller becomes a Residual
Interestholder) shall have any personal liability for any liability
or obligation of the Issuer.
 












 



3


 


Amended and Restated

Trust Agreement
(2012-3)







SECTION 2.8. Title to the Trust
Estate . Legal title to all the Trust Estate shall be vested at
all times in the Issuer as a separate legal entity.

SECTION 2.9. Representations and
Warranties of the Seller . The Seller hereby represents and
warrants to the Owner Trustee that:

(a) Existence and Power . The
Seller is a Delaware limited liability company validly existing and
in good standing under the laws of the State of Delaware and has,
in all material respects, full power and authority required to own
its assets and operate its business as presently owned or operated,
and to execute, deliver and to perform its obligations under the
Transaction Documents to which it is a party. The Seller has
obtained all necessary licenses and approvals in each jurisdiction
where the failure to do so would materially and adversely affect
the ability of the Seller to perform its obligations under the
Transaction Documents and the Underwriting Agreement.

(b) Authorization and No
Contravention . The execution, delivery and performance by the
Seller of each Transaction Document to which it is a party and the
Underwriting Agreement (i) have been duly authorized by all
necessary action on the part of the Seller and (ii) do not
violate or constitute a default under (A) any applicable law,
rule or regulation, (B) its organizational instruments or
(C) any material agreement or instrument to which the Seller
is a party or by which its properties are bound (other than
violations of such laws, rules, regulations or agreements which do
not affect the legality, validity or enforceability of any of such
agreements and which, individually or in the aggregate, would not
materially and adversely affect the transactions contemplated by,
or the Seller’s ability to perform its obligations under, the
Transaction Documents to which it is a party).

(c) No Consent Required . No
approval, authorization or other action by, or filing with, any
Governmental Authority is required in connection with the
execution, delivery and performance by the Seller of any
Transaction Document other than UCC filings and other than
(i) approvals and authorizations that have previously been
obtained and filings which have previously been made and
(ii) approvals, authorizations or filings which, if not
obtained or made, would not have a material adverse effect on the
ability of the Seller to perform its obligations under the
Underwriting Agreement or the Transaction Documents to which it is
a party.

(d) Binding Effect . Each of
the Transaction Documents to which the Seller is a party and the
Underwriting Agreement constitutes the legal, valid and binding
obligation of the Seller enforceable against the Seller in
accordance with its terms, except as such enforceability may be
limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization,
moratorium, receivership, conservatorship or other similar laws
affecting creditors’ rights generally and, if applicable the
rights of creditors of limited liability companies from time to
time in effect or by general principles of equity or other similar
laws of general application relating to or affecting the
enforcement of creditors’ rights generally and subject to
general principles of equity.
 












 



4


 


Amended and Restated

Trust Agreement
(2012-3)







(e) No Proceedings . There
are no actions, orders, suits or proceedings pending or, to the
knowledge of the Seller, threatened against the Seller before or by
any Governmental Authority that (i) assert the invalidity or
unenforceability of this Agreement or any of the other Transaction
Documents, (ii) seek to prevent the issuance of the Notes or
the consummation of any of the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement or any of the other Transaction Documents or
(iii) seek any determination or ruling that would materially
and adversely affect the performance by the Seller of its
obligations under this Agreement or any of the other Transaction
Documents.

SECTION 2.10. Situs of Issuer
. The Issuer shall be located in the State of Delaware (it being
understood that the Issuer may have bank accounts located and
maintained outside of Delaware).

SECTION 2.11. Covenants of the
Residual Interestholders . Each Residual Interestholder, by
becoming a beneficial owner of the Residual Interest, hereby
acknowledges and agrees (a) that the Residual Interestholder
is subject to the terms, provisions and conditions of the
Certificate, to which the Residual Interestholder agrees to be
bound; and (b) that it shall not take any position in such
Residual Interestholder’s tax returns inconsistent with
Section 2.6 herein and Section 2.14 of the
Indenture.

ARTICLE III

RESIDUAL INTEREST AND TRANSFER OF
CERTIFICATES

SECTION 3.1. Initial
Ownership . Upon the formation of the Issuer and until the
issuance of the Certificate, the Seller shall be the sole
beneficiary of the Issuer, and upon the issuance of the
Certificate, the Seller will no longer be a beneficiary of the
Issuer, except to the extent that the Seller is the
Certificateholder.

SECTION 3.2. Authorization of the
Certificates . Concurrently with the sale of the Transferred
Assets to the Issuer pursuant to the Sale and Servicing Agreement,
the Owner Trustee shall cause the Certificates to be executed on
behalf of the Issuer, authenticated and delivered to or upon the
written order of the Seller, signed by its chairman of the board,
its president, its chief financial officer, its chief accounting
officer, any vice president, its secretary, any assistant
secretary, its treasurer or any assistant treasurer, without
further corporate action by the Seller. The Certificates shall
represent 100% of the beneficial interest in the Issuer and shall
be fully paid and nonassessable.

SECTION 3.3. Form of the
Certificate . Each Certificate, upon issuance, will be issued
in the form of a typewritten Certificate representing a definitive
Certificate, substantially in the form of Exhibit A hereto.
The Owner Trustee shall execute and authenticate or cause to be
authenticated, each definitive Certificate in accordance with the
written instructions of the Seller.

SECTION 3.4. Registration of the
Certificates . The Owner Trustee shall maintain at its office
referred to in Section 2.2 , or at the office of any
agent appointed by it and approved in writing by the Residual
Interestholder at the time of such appointment, a register for the
registration and transfer of any Certificate.
 












 



5


 


Amended and Restated

Trust Agreement
(2012-3)







SECTION 3.5. Transfer of the
Certificate . (a) The Certificateholder may assign, convey
or otherwise transfer all or any of its right, title and interest
in the Certificate; provided , that (i) the Owner
Trustee and the Issuer receive an Opinion of Counsel stating that,
in the opinion of such counsel, such transfer will not cause the
Issuer to be treated as a publicly traded partnership for federal
income tax purposes and (ii) the Certificate may not be
acquired by or for the account of or with any assets of a Benefit
Plan or any governmental, non-U.S., church or any other employee
benefit plan or retirement arrangement that is subject to Similar
Law; provided that the condition set forth in (i)
 above will not apply to a transfer of 100% of the Certificate
or Certificates to an Affiliate of the Seller or its designated
nominee, provided such Affiliate shall certify in writing to the
Owner Trustee that it is a C Corporation for U.S. federal income
tax purposes (within the meaning of Section 1361(a)(2) of the
Code) or a disregarded entity 100% owned (directly or indirectly)
by a C Corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes (within the
meaning of Section 1361(a)(2) of the Code). By accepting and
holding a Certificate (or any interest therein), the holder thereof
shall be deemed to have represented and warranted that it is not,
and is not purchasing the Certificate (or any interest therein) on
behalf of or with any assets of, a Benefit Plan or any
governmental, non-U.S., church or any other employee benefit plan
or retirement arrangement that is subject to Similar Law. The Owner
Trustee shall have no duty to independently determine that the
requirement in (ii)  above is met and shall incur no
liability to any person in the event the holder of the Certificate
does not comply with such restrictions. Subject to the transfer
restrictions contained herein and in the Certificate, the
Certificateholder may transfer all or any portion of the beneficial
interest in the Issuer evidenced by such Certificate upon surrender
thereof to the Owner Trustee accompanied by the documents required
by this Section. Such transfer may be made by the registered
Certificateholder in person or by his attorney duly authorized in
writing upon surrender of the Certificate to the Owner Trustee
accompanied by a written instrument of transfer and with such
signature guarantees and evidence of authority of the Persons
signing the instrument of transfer as the Owner Trustee may
reasonably require. Promptly upon the receipt of such documents and
receipt by the Owner Trustee of the transferor’s Certificate,
the Owner Trustee shall record the name of such transferee as a
Certificateholder and its percentage of beneficial interest in the
Issuer in the Certificate register and issue, execute and deliver
to such Certificateholder a Certificate evidencing such beneficial
interest in the Issuer. In the event a transferor transfers only a
portion of its beneficial interest in the Issuer, the Owner Trustee
shall register and issue to such transferor a new Certificate
evidencing such transferor’s new percentage of beneficial
interest in the Issuer. Subsequent to a transfer and upon the
issuance of the new Certificate or Certificates, the Owner Trustee
shall cancel and destroy the Certificate surrendered to it in
connection with such transfer. The Owner Trustee may treat the
Person in whose name any Certificate is registered as the sole
owner of the beneficial interest in the Issuer evidenced by such
Certificate.

(b) As a condition precedent to any
registration of transfer under this Section 3.5 , the
Owner Trustee may require the payment of a sum sufficient to cover
the payment of any tax or taxes or other governmental charges
required to be paid in connection with such transfer.

(c) The Owner Trustee shall not be
obligated to register any transfer of a Certificate unless each of
the transferor and the transferee have certified to the Owner
Trustee that such transfer does not violate any of the transfer
restrictions stated herein including, but not limited to clauses
(d)  and (e)  of this Section 3.5
. The Owner Trustee shall not be liable to any Person for
registering any transfer based on such certifications.
 












 



6


 


Amended and Restated

Trust Agreement
(2012-3)







(d) No transfer (or purported
transfer) of all or any part of a Certificateholder’s
interest (or any economic interest therein), whether to another
Certificateholder or to a person who is not a Certificateholder,
shall be effective, and any such transfer (or purported transfer)
shall be void ab initio , and no person shall
otherwise become a Certificateholder if, after such transfer (or
purported transfer), the Issuer would have more than 95 direct or
indirect holders of an interest in the Certificates and the
Non-Investment Grade Notes (unless, with respect to the
Non-Investment Grade Notes, a Debt-For-Tax Opinion has been
delivered). For purposes of determining whether the Issuer will
have more than 95 holders of an interest in the Certificates and
the Non-Investment Grade Notes, as applicable, each Person
indirectly owning an interest through a partnership (including any
entity treated as a partnership for federal income tax purposes), a
grantor trust or an S corporation (each such entity, a “
flow-through entity ”) shall be treated as a
Certificateholder or Noteholder, as applicable, unless the Seller
determines in its sole and absolute discretion, after consulting
with qualified tax counsel, that less than substantially all of the
value of the beneficial owner’s interest in the flow-through
entity is attributable to the flow-through entity’s interest
(direct or indirect) in the Issuer.

(e) No transfer shall be permitted
if the same is effected through an established securities market or
secondary market or substantial equivalent thereof within the
meaning of Section 7704 of the Code or would make the Issuer
ineligible for “safe harbor” treatment under
Section 7704 of the Code.

(f) Each transferee (i) shall
be required to represent and warrant that it is a Person who is a
U.S. Tax Person and (ii) shall provide a certification of
non-foreign status, in such form as may be requested by the Seller
or the Owner Trustee (e.g. IRS Form W-9), signed under penalties of
perjury (and such other certification, representations or opinion
of counsel as may be requested by the Seller or the Owner
Trustee).

SECTION 3.6. Lost, Stolen,
Mutilated or Destroyed Certificates . If (i) any mutilated
Certificate is surrendered to the Owner Trustee, or (ii) the
Owner Trustee receives evidence to its satisfaction that any
Certificate has been destroyed, lost or stolen, and upon proof of
ownership satisfactory to the Owner Trustee together with such
security or indemnity as may be requested by the Owner Trustee to
save it harmless, the Owner Trustee shall execute and deliver a new
Certificate for the same percentage of beneficial interest in the
Issuer as the Certificate so mutilated, destroyed, lost or stolen,
of like tenor and bearing a different issue number, with such
notations, if any, as the Owner Trustee shall determine. Upon the
issuance of any new Certificate under this Section 3.6
, the Issuer or Owner Trustee may require the payment of a sum
sufficient to cover any tax or other governmental charge that may
be imposed in connection with any transfer or exchange of the
Certificate and any other reasonable expenses (including the
reasonable fees and expenses of the Issuer and the Owner Trustee)
connected therewith. Any duplicate Certificate issued pursuant to
this Section 3.6 shall constitute complete and
indefeasible evidence of ownership in the Issuer, as if originally
issued, whether or not the lost, stolen or destroyed Certificate
shall be found at any time.
 












 



7


 


Amended and Restated

Trust Agreement
(2012-3)







SECTION 3.7. Appointment of the
Certificate Paying Agent . The Certificate Paying Agent shall
make distributions to Residual Interestholders from the Certificate
Distribution Account pursuant to Section 5.2 and shall
report the amounts of such distributions to the Owner Trustee and
the Servicer; provided , however , that no such
reports shall be required so long as the Seller or an affiliate of
the Seller is the sole Residual Interestholder. Any Certificate
Paying Agent shall have the revocable power to withdraw funds from
the Certificate Distribution Account for the purpose of making the
distributions referred to above. The Owner Trustee may revoke such
power and remove the Certificate Paying Agent if the Owner Trustee
determines in its sole discretion that the Certificate Paying Agent
shall have failed to perform its obligations under this Agreement
in any material respect. The Certificate Paying Agent shall
initially be Wells Fargo, and any co-paying agent chosen by the
Certificate Paying Agent. Wells Fargo shall be permitted to resign
as Certificate Paying Agent upon thirty (30) days’
written notice to the Owner Trustee. If Wells Fargo shall no longer
be the Certificate Paying Agent, the Owner Trustee shall appoint a
successor to act as Certificate Paying Agent (which shall be a bank
or trust company). The Owner Trustee shall cause such successor
Certificate Paying Agent or any additional Certificate Paying Agent
appointed by the Owner Trustee to execute and deliver to the Owner
Trustee an instrument in which such successor Certificate Paying
Agent or additional Certificate Paying Agent shall agree with the
Owner Trustee that as Certificate Paying Agent, such successor
Certificate Paying Agent or additional Certificate Paying Agent
shall hold all sums, if any, held by it for payment to the Residual
Interestholders in trust for the benefit of the Residual
Interestholders entitled thereto until such sums shall be paid to
such Residual Interestholders. The Certificate Paying Agent shall
return all unclaimed funds to the Owner Trustee and upon removal of
a Certificate Paying Agent such Certificate Paying Agent shall also
return all funds in its possession to the Owner Trustee. The
rights, protections, indemnities and immunities of the Owner
Trustee under this Agreement shall apply to the Owner Trustee also
in its role as Certificate Paying Agent or Certificate Registrar
for so long as the Owner Trustee shall act as Certificate Paying
Agent or Certificate Registrar and, to the extent applicable, to
any other paying agent, certificate registrar or authenticating
agent appointed hereunder. Any reference in this Agreement to the
Certificate Paying Agent shall include any co-paying agent unless
the context requires otherwise.

ARTICLE IV

ACTIONS BY OWNER
TRUSTEE

SECTION 4.1. Prior Notice to
Residual Interestholder with Respect to Certain Matters. With
respect to the following matters, the Owner Trustee shall not take
action unless at least 10 days before the taking of such action (or
if 10 days’ advance notice is impracticable, as much advance
notice as is practicable), the Owner Trustee shall have notified
the Residual Interestholder in writing of the proposed action and
the Residual Interestholder shall not have notified the Owner
Trustee in writing that the Residual Interestholder has withheld
consent or provided alternative direction:

(a) the amendment of the Indenture
by a supplemental indenture in circumstances where the consent of
any Noteholder is required;
 












 



8


 


Amended and Restated

Trust Agreement
(2012-3)







(b) the amendment of the Indenture
by a supplemental indenture in circumstances where the consent of
any Noteholder is not required and such amendment materially
adversely affects the interests of the Residual
Interestholder;

(c) the amendment, change or
modification of the Sale and Servicing Agreement, or the
Administration Agreement, except to cure any ambiguity or defect or
to amend or supplement any provision in a manner that would not
materially adversely affect the interests of the Residual
Interestholder; or

(d) the appointment pursuant to the
Indenture of a successor Indenture Trustee or the consent to the
assignment by the Note Registrar or the Indenture Trustee of its
obligations under the Indenture or this Agreement, as
applicable.

SECTION 4.2. Action by Residual
Interestholder with Respect to Certain Matters . The Owner
Trustee shall not have the power, except upon the direction of the
Residual Interestholder, to (a) 


 








 












 















Santander Drive Auto Receivables Trust 2012-6 Credit Rating - Moody's






















































Yes
No





























About Moody'sCareersRegulatory AffairsTerms of UseContact UsAbout Moody'sCompany OverviewInvestor RelationsMedia RelationsCorporate Social ResponsibilityAlumni













GO






































There are too many sessions currently in use on this account















Log In




Cancel


































Research & Ratings

OverviewRatings NewsRating MethodologiesRatings DisclosuresRatings PerformanceRegulatory AffairsCode of Professional ConductSector in DepthLook Up a RatingFind an AnalystInteractive ChartsMarket SegmentCorporatesFinancial InstitutionsStructured FinanceManaged InvestmentsInfrastructure & Project FinanceSovereign & SupranationalSub-SovereignU.S. Public FinanceRegionNorth AmericaLatin America & CaribbeanEurope, Middle East & AfricaAsia PacificResearch TypeIssuer ResearchIndustry / Sector ResearchMethodologyCapital Markets ResearchDefault & Ratings AnalyticsEconomic ResearchData ReportsPolitical / Economic GroupEmerging MarketsEuropean UnionAsia-Pacific Economic Cooperation (APEC)Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN)Commonwealth of Independent States (CIS)EurozoneGulf Cooperation CouncilMercosurOrganisation for Economic Co-operation and Development  (OECD)Credit PolicyRating MethodologiesRequests for CommentThe Commercial GroupHow to Get RatedRatings DefinitionsRatings Policy & Approach



Products & Solutions

OverviewProducts Listing by A - ZMoody's AnalyticsMoody's Pricing & Valuations ToolsMoody's Advisory ServicesMoody's Economy.comMoody’s Training & CertificationSolutionsAsset and Liability Management SolutionsCredit Origination SolutionsCredit Risk SolutionsData SolutionsEconomic SolutionsInsurance SolutionsInvestment & Pensions SolutionsLearning Solutions and CertificationsPortfolio Management SolutionsRegulatory and Accounting SolutionsStructured Finance SolutionsAccess ProductsCredit Risk CalculatorCredit Transition ModelCredit TrendsCreditEdge®Default Recovery Database (DRD)Default Risk Service - StructuredFund MonitoringLossCalc™Market Implied Ratings (MIR®)Moody's Financial Metrics™Moody's Project Finance ScorecardMoody's Quantitative Ratings Estimator (QRATE)Municipal Financial Ratio AnalysisRatings InteractiveRiskCalc™



News & Events

OverviewRatings NewsEventsTraining EventsTopics





Log In
Register







            Log In 

            Please log in for full access to your permissions. Password is case sensitive.











                    User Name:





                    Password:









                Automatically log me in when I return





                Log In





                Forgot your Username or Password?




        Or Log In using:

























Please Note


We brought you to this page based on your search query. If this isn't what you are looking for, you can continue to Search Results for ""
















The maximum number of items you can export is 3,000.
  Please reduce your list by using the filtering tool to the left.









Close








































































Back to Previous Page



















Please Log In to access this content






Registered User


        Please log in for full access to your permissions. Password is case sensitive.








            User Name:





            Password:








            Automatically log me in when I return



            Log In





            Forgot your Username or Password?



        Or Log In using:
    







Not Registered Yet?

Register now to get FREE access to:
Issuer Ratings.
Ratings on over 170,000 corporate, government and structured finance securities.
Events Calendar.
Information about training seminars, briefings, and teleconferences.
Watchlists.
Listings of issuers under review for rating changes.
Rating Methodologies.
Descriptive frameworks underlying Moody's ratings.

 

Register Now

















Santander Drive Auto Receivables Trust 2012-6

Moody's Org ID:723222322







Moody's Org ID:723222322

Market Segment:Structured Finance > ABS > Autos & Vehicles...>> > Auto Loans > Subprime <<







Please Log In to view this content.



















                                    Research



                                    Ratings



                                    Related Parties







                            Go to Auto ABS industry page
                        









    Deal Research


    Industry Research


    Performance


    Related Parties Research


    Methodology






Results 
        1 - 15
Of 
        15


 
        Page 
        
        1
Of 
        1 
        






                Filter By:
            


Document Type - All
Issuer Comment
Pre-Sale Report
Rating Action
SEC Rule 17g-7 Report of R&Ws


Source - All
Moody's Investors Service







Date
    
    



Document Type
    



                        Title
                    

                        Source
                    




                    24 Jan 2017
                

                    Rating Action
                













                                    Moody's upgrades SDART subprime auto loan ABS from 2012 through 2016





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    12 Jul 2016
                

                    Rating Action
                













                                    Moody's upgrades Santander subprime auto loan ABS from 2012 through 2015





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    21 Mar 2016
                

                    Rating Action
                













                                    Moody's upgrades Santander subprime auto loan ABS from 2011 through 2015





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    30 Oct 2015
                

                    Rating Action
                













                                    Moody's upgrades Santander subprime auto loan ABS from 2011 through 2015





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    12 Mar 2015
                

                    Rating Action
                













                                    Moody's upgrades Santander subprime auto loan ABS issued between 2011 and 2014





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    15 Sep 2014
                

                    Rating Action
                













                                    Moody's upgrades Santander subprime auto loan ABS from 2011 - 2013





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    17 Mar 2014
                

                    Rating Action
                













                                    Moody's upgrades Santander subprime auto loan ABS from 2011 to 2013





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    13 Jan 2014
                

                    Rating Action
                













                                    Moody's upgrades Santander subprime auto loan ABS from 2012-6, 2012-A and 2013-2





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    10 Dec 2013
                

                    Issuer Comment
                













                                    Santander Auto Loan ABS Surveillance Commentary





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    22 Oct 2013
                

                    Rating Action
                













                                    Moody's upgrades Santander subprime auto loan ABS from 2011 and 2012





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    15 Oct 2012
                

                    Rating Action
                













                                    Moody's assigns definitive ratings to Santander Drive Auto Receivables Trust 2012-6





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    15 Oct 2012
                

                    SEC Rule 17g-7 Report of R&Ws
                













                                    Santander Drive Auto Receivables Trust 2012-6 v1.1 Compared To Consumer - Auto Loans Benchmark v1.0





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    01 Oct 2012
                

                    Rating Action
                













                                    Moody's assigns provisional ratings to Santander Drive Auto Receivables Trust 2012-6





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    01 Oct 2012
                

                    SEC Rule 17g-7 Report of R&Ws
                













                                    Santander Drive Auto Receivables Trust 2012-6 v1.0 Compared To Consumer - Auto Loans Benchmark v1.0





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    01 Oct 2012
                

                    Pre-Sale Report
                













                                    Santander Drive Auto Receivables Trust 2012-6





                    Moody's Investors Service
                





Results 
        1 - 15
Of 
        15


 
        Page 
        
        1
Of 
        1 
        
















                6The rating history for this credit rating accurately reflects the current status of the (sf) indicator but, due to technical limitations, does not accurately reflect the (sf) indicator history. Please visit the Research tab to view the press release(s) announcing when the (sf) indicator was added or removed.


For credit ratings that are derived exclusively from an existing credit rating of a program, series, category/class of debt, support provider or primary rated entity, or that replace a previously assigned provisional rating at the same rating level, Moody’s publishes a rating announcement on that series, category/class of debt or program as a whole, on the support provider or primary rated entity, or on the provisional rating, but often does not publish a specific rating announcement on each subsequent bond or note for which the credit rating is derived from the existing credit rating. Rating announcements are usually press releases classified as Rating Actions on www.moodys.com. Please refer to the Research tab on the issuer/entity page for the rating announcement.
















Moody's Integrity Hotline
EU

001-800-506-1440
Japan

KDDI: 00-539-111 then 888-320-1668
NTT: 0034-811-001 then 888-320-1668
Outside of the EU and Japan

1-866-330-MDYS (6397)



Browse By
HomeResearch & RatingsProducts & SolutionsNews & EventsCareers


Contact Us
Help & SupportContact UsSubmit a Complaint


Terms & Conditions
Terms of UsePrivacy PolicyProprietary Rights





            © 2017 Moody's Investors Service, Inc., Moody’s Analytics, Inc. and/or their affiliates and licensors. All rights reserved.
        

           Regional Sites:
            
GlobalArgentinaAsiaAustraliaBoliviaBrazilCanadaCEEChinaCzech RepublicCISEMEAFranceGermanyIndonesiaIndiaItalyJapanKoreaMexicoMiddle EastPolandSouth AfricaSpainTurkeyTaiwanUruguay



























































































