


Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft







































































Javascript must be enabled for the correct page display



Skip to Content

















Run Simple











































            Contact Us
        



Close


Call us at

1-866-681-6121

or


















                            Chat Now
                        

                            Chat Offline
                        
Get live help and chat with an SAP representative.



Chat now
















Contact Us
E-mail us with comments, questions or feedback.






























Previous





No matter your industry, line of business, or company size, SAP software can help you make better decisions and grow your business.


Previous





















                    The Impact of SAP HANA on the SAP Infrastructure Utility Services Marketplace
                



Gartner examines how sourcing and vendor management companies can cut costs and increase reliability with SAP HANA Enterprise Cloud.
 
Read the white paper

























                    Making the Business Case for SAP S/4HANA Finance
                



Learn how CFOs and other executives from several industry-leading organizations are leveraging the power of the SAP S/4HANA Finance solution to drive digital transformation, reduce complexity, and increase revenue.
Get the brochure








Next




Previous





















                    The Total Economic Impact of SAP Analytics
                



In this SAP-sponsored research report, Forrester found that the SAP Analytics portfolio can help the average company save $2.4 million in annual costs and increase ROI by 171%.
 
Access the study

























                    The Next Steps in Digital Transformation
                



How are small and midsize companies acquiring customers, growing revenue, and increasing efficiency? Investing in the latest software and other innovative technology is key.
 
View the IDC InfoBrief








Next




Previous





















                    The Modern Data Center: Vital For Digital Transformation




Forrester Consulting outlines how data center modernization can help you increase efficiency, strengthen partnerships with other lines of business, and achieve superior business results.
 
Access the study

























                    Connect the Edge and Core to Power Your Business




Get a better understanding of current Internet of Things (IoT) adoption trends – how firms are using IoT solutions to make informed business decisions and improve the customer experience, what obstacles they’re facing, and how their organizations have benefitted from new technologies.
 
Download the document








Next




Previous





















                    Analytics for SMBs: Sharpen Operations, Capitalize on Business Opportunities 




How are small and midsize businesses (SMBs) using analytics and digital transformation to shape their practices and define new goals? See what Ray Boggs, vice president of IDC's Small and Medium Business research, says SMBs can do to propel their businesses forward into the digital era.
 
Read the Q&A

























                    Success Is Simply Human: SAP’s HR Digital Transformation




Learn how HR has dramatically shifted to embrace modern technologies, and read how SAP’s HR digital transformation and move to the cloud has helped the company integrate processes, simplify analytics, and create a more holistic user experience.
 
View the presentation








Next

































































































 





Get unlimited access to the content on this page when you register.



























































































































Would you like to receive additional SAP communications along with information related to this inquiry? 










by email







Yes







No















by phone







Yes







No















 
























 



















Submit



























Next




























Back to top






SAP SE - Wikipedia






















 






SAP SE

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search


SAP SE


Run simple







Type

Societas Europaea


Traded as
FWB: SAP
NYSE: SAP
DAX Component


Industry
Enterprise software


Founded
Weinheim, Germany
(1972; 45 years ago (1972))


Founder
Dietmar Hopp
Hans-Werner Hector
Hasso Plattner
Klaus Tschira
Claus Wellenreuther


Headquarters
Walldorf, Germany



Area served

Worldwide



Key people



Hasso Plattner (Chairman)
Bill McDermott (CEO)




Products
See list of SAP products


Revenue
 €22.062 billion (2016)[1]



Operating income

 €5.121 billion (2016)[1]


Profit
 €3.618 billion (2016)[1]


Total assets
 €44.354 billion (2016)[1]


Total equity
 €26.382 billion (2016)[1]



Number of employees

84,183 (Q4 2016)[1]


Website
SAP.com


SAP SE (/ɛseɪˈpi/) (Systeme, Anwendungen und Produkte in der Datenverarbeitung; "Systems, Applications & Products in Data Processing") is a German multinational software corporation that makes enterprise software to manage business operations and customer relations.[2] SAP is headquartered in Walldorf, Baden-Württemberg, with regional offices in 130 countries.[3] The company has over 335,000 customers in over 180 countries.[3] The company is a component of the Euro Stoxx 50 stock market index.[4]



Contents


1 History

1.1 Formation
1.2 Enterprise resource planning
1.3 Corporate restructuring
1.4 Focus on cloud
1.5 SAP S/4HANA
1.6 Acquisitions


2 Business and Markets
3 Enterprise Service-Oriented Architecture

3.1 Enterprise SOA


4 Partnerships
5 SAP PartnerEdge
6 Communities
7 Organization
8 SAP Labs
9 SAP User Groups
10 Conferences
11 Competitive landscape
12 Philanthropic efforts
13 Autism hiring
14 Bribery & Corruption

14.1 South African Allegations
14.2 Panamanian Bribery


15 See also
16 References
17 External links



History[edit]
Formation[edit]
When Xerox aimed to exit the computer industry in 1975,[5] they asked IBM to migrate their business systems to IBM technology. As part of IBM's compensation for the migration, IBM was given the rights to the Scientific Data Systems (SDS)/SAPE software, reportedly for a contract credit of $80,000.
Five IBM engineers from the AI department[6][7] (Dietmar Hopp, Klaus Tschira, Hans-Werner Hector, Hasso Plattner, and Claus Wellenreuther, all from Mannheim, Baden-Württemberg) were working in an enterprise-wide system based on this software, only to be told that it would no longer be necessary. Rather than abandoning the project, they decided to leave IBM Tech and start another company.[8]
In June 1970, they founded Systemanalyse und Programmentwicklung ("System Analysis and Program Development") company, as a private partnership under the German Civil Code.[8]
Their first client was the German branch of Imperial Chemical Industries[9] in Östringen, where they developed mainframe programs for payroll and accounting. Instead of storing the data on punch cards mechanically, as IBM did, they stored it locally[clarification needed]. Therefore, they called their software a real-time system, since there was no need to process the punch cards overnight (for this reason their flagship product carried an R in its name until the late 1990s). This first version was also a standalone software that could be offered to other interested parties.[10]
Enterprise resource planning[edit]
In 1973, the first commercial product was launched. It was called SAP R/98,[11] and offered a common system for multiple tasks. This permitted the use of a centralized data storage, improving the maintenance of data. From a technical point of view, therefore, a database was necessary.[12]
In 1976, SAP GmbH was founded, and moved its headquarters the following year to Walldorf, Germany. Three years later, in 1979, SAP launched SAP R/2, expanding the capabilities of the system to other areas, such as material management and production planning. In 1981, SAP brought a re-designed product to market. However, SAP R/2 did not improve until the period between 1985 and 1990. SAP released the new SAP R/3 in 1992. SAP developed and released several versions of R/3 through 1995. By the mid-1990s, SAP followed the trend from mainframe computing to client/server architectures. The development of SAP’s internet strategy with mySAP.com redesigned the concept of business processes (integration via Internet).[8] As a result, R/3 was replaced with the introduction of SAP ERP Central Component (ECC) 5.0 in  2004.[13] Architectural changes were also made to support an enterprise service architecture to transition customers to a services-oriented architecture. The latest version, SAP ERP 6.0, was released in 2006. SAP ERP 6.0 has since then been updated through SAP enhancement packs, the most recent: SAP enhancement package 8 for SAP ERP 6.0 in 2016.[14]
Corporate restructuring[edit]
In August 1988, SAP GmbH became SAP AG, and public trading started on 4 November 1988. Shares were listed on the Frankfurt and Stuttgart stock exchanges.[8] In 1995, SAP was included in the German stock index DAX and, on 22 September 2003, SAP was included in the Dow Jones STOXX 50.[15]
The company's official name became SAP AG (a public limited company) after the 2005 annual general meeting. In 2014, SAP changed from an AG to a European Company (Societas Europaea or SE).[16]
Focus on cloud[edit]
Since 2012, SAP has acquired several companies that sell cloud-based products, with several multibillion-dollar acquisitions seen by analysts as an attempt to challenge competitor Oracle.[17] In 2014 SAP bought Concur Technologies, a provider of cloud-based travel and expense management software, for $8.3 billion, SAP's most expensive purchase to that date.[18] Analysts' reactions to the purchase were mixed, with Thomas Becker of Commerzbank questioning whether Concur was the right choice for SAP, while Credit Suisse called the acquisition an "aggressive" move.[19]
In 2014, IBM and SAP began a partnership to sell cloud-based services.[20] Likewise, in 2015, SAP also partnered with HPE to provide secure hybrid cloud-based services running the SAP platform.[21] Both HPE and IBM provide infrastructure services to SAP, and SAP runs its SAP HANA cloud solution on top. SAP has announced additional partnerships with Microsoft in order to give customers tools for data visualization, as well as improved mobile applications.[22]
SAP exceeded its revenue projections due to the expansion in its cloud business and the success of SAP HANA. The growth can also be partially attributed to the acquisitions of Concur and Fieldglass.[23]
The company announced plans in 2016 to invest heavily into technology relating to Internet of Things (IoT) as part of a strategy to capitalize on the growth in that market. For that purpose, €2 billion ($2.2 bln) are planned to be invested in relevant sectors by the end of 2020.[24] To that end, SAP will also launch a new product line called SAP IoT, which "will combine large amounts of data from things connected to the Internet with machine learning and SAP's real-time database S/4 HANA."[24]
SAP S/4HANA[edit]
In 2015, the company launched SAP S/4HANA, the newest generation of the SAP Business Suite. It was written natively for the SAP HANA platform. It offers cloud, on-premises and hybrid deployment options to customers, with its benefits including a smaller data footprint, higher throughput, faster analytics and faster access to data. It also allows existing SAP Business Suite customers to upgrade to this product from SAP Business Suite.[25]
In 2016, SAP introduced SAP HANA, Express Edition which is meant to run on personal computers or on cloud computing platforms for students and other small-scale developers.[26]
Bill McDermott, CEO of SAP, compared the release of SAP S/4HANA to a "moonshot", describing it as the most important launch in the company’s history.[27]
Acquisitions[edit]


Acquisition number
Acquired company
Acquisition date
Specialty
Country of origin
Acquisition costs


64
Abakus
Dec 2016[28]
Marketing attribution
USA



63
Plat.One
Oct2016
IoT
USA



62
Altiscale
Aug 2016
Big Data and Hadoop Hosting
USA
$125m+


61
Fedem Technology
Jun 2016
IoT
Norway



60
MeLLmo Inc. (Roambi )
Feb 2016
Mobile Business Intelligence
USA



59
Concur Technologies
Sept 2014
Travel and Expense Management
USA
$8.3b


58
SeeWhy
May 2014
Behavioral target marketing
USA
$1.1b


57
Fieldglass
Mar 2014
Contingent labor and services
USA



56
KXEN
Oct 2013
Predictive analytics
France



55
hybris
May 2013
E-Commerce Solutions
Switzerland



54
Camilion
March 2013
Insurance solutions
Canada



53
SmartOps
Feb 2013
Inventory optimization
USA



52
Ticket-Web
Feb 2013
CRM for sports and entertainment promoters
USA



51
Ariba
Oct 2012
Supplier network
USA
$4.3b


50
Syclo
Jun 2012
Mobile asset management
USA



49
datango
Jan 2012
Electronic performance support technologies
Germany



48
SuccessFactors
Dec 2011
Human Capital Management
USA
$3.4b


47
Right Hemisphere
Sep 2011
3D visualization
USA



46
Crossgate
Sep 2011
B2B eCommerce
Germany



45
Secude
Mar 2011
Security software (Not the whole company, only some assets were acquired)
Germany



44
Cundus
Dec 2010
Disclosure Management
Germany



43
Sybase
May 2010
Database, middleware, mobile software
USA
$5.8b


42
TechniData
May 2010
Environmental, Health and Safety
Germany



41
SAF
Sep 2009
Inventory Management
Switzerland
$91m


40
Highdeal
May 2009
High-volume billing
France



39
Visiprise
Jul 2008
Manufacturing Execution
USA



38
Saicon INC
Oct 2014
US Recruitment
India



37
Business Objects
Oct 2007
Business Intelligence
France
$6.78b


36
Yasu Technologies Pvt. Ltd.
Oct 2007
Business Rules Management Software
India



35
Wicom Communications
May 2007
Internet Communication software
Finland



34
MaXware
May 2007
Identity software
Norway



33
Outlooksoft
May 2007
Planning & consolidation
USA



32
Pilot Software
Feb 2007
Strategy Management software
USA
~$200m


31
Factory Logic
Dec 2006
Lean scheduling and supply synchronization
USA



30
Praxis Software Solutions
Jul 2006
Web-based CRM and eCommerce
USA



29
Frictionless Commerce
May 2006
SRM software
USA



28
Virsa Systems
Apr 2006
Compliance solutions
USA



27
SAP Systems Integration
Dec 2005
Consulting services
Germany



26
Callixa
Nov 2005
Enterprise Integration Information software
USA



25
Khimetrics
Nov 2005
retail software
USA



24
Triversity
Sep 2005
POS software
Canada



23
Lighthammer
Jun 2005
Manufacturing Intelligence and Collaborative Manufacturing
USA



22
DCS Quantum
Feb 2005
Automotive Dealer Management
United Kingdom



21
TomorrowNow
Jan 2005
grey-market support
USA



20
ilytix
Jan 2005
SAP BusinessOne Business Intelligence
Norway



19
A2i
Jul 2004
Master Data Management
USA



18
SPM Technologies
Dec 2003
IT architecture consulting
Germany



17
DCW Software
Jul 2003
OS/400 Applications
Germany



16
Guimachine
Dec 2002
NetWeaver Visual Composer toolkit
USA



15
IMHC
May 2001
Integrated managed health care from IDS
USA



14
Expression
May 2002
real-time file sharing
 ?



13
Topmanage
Feb 2002
SAP BusinessOne Suite
Israel



12
Paynet International AG
Dec 2001
Invoice Processing
Germany



11
COPA GmbH
Nov 2001
Beverage industry consulting
Germany



10
Infinite Data Structures
May 2001
Trade Management / CRM
USA



9
Toptier
Mar 2001
Enterprise Information Portal and Integration Infrastructure
USA
~$400m


8
Prescient Consulting
Feb 2000
Consulting services
USA



7
In-Q-My Technologies GmbH
2000
J2EE Server
Bulgaria



6
Campbell Software
1999
Workforce Management
USA



5
AMC Development
1998
Call Center telephony integration software
USA



4
OFEK-Tech
1998
Warehousing and distribution center software
Israel



3
Kiefer & Veittinger
1997
Sales force Applications
Germany



2
Dacos
1996
Retail solution
Germany



Business and Markets[edit]
As of 2016[update], SAP is the world's third largest software and programming company.[29] The corporation operates in six geographic regions: EMEA (Europe, Middle East, Africa), MEE (Middle and Eastern Europe: which includes the subregions DACH, CEE and CIS), NA (United States and Canada), LAC (Latin America and Caribbean), Greater China (PRC, ROC) and APJ (Asia Pacific and Japan).[30]
SAP focuses on 25 industries and six industry sectors: process industries, discrete industries, consumer industries, service industries, financial services and public services.[31] It offers integrated product sets for large enterprises,[32] mid-sized companies and small businesses.[33]
Enterprise Service-Oriented Architecture[edit]
Service-oriented architecture has been incorporated into the SAP ERP (Enterprise Resource Planning) system and other products defined within the SAP Enterprise Services Architecture (Enterprise SOA).
Enterprise SOA[edit]
SAP Enterprise Service Oriented Architecture (or Enterprise SOA) is SAP SE's service-oriented architecture implementation.[34] Enterprise SOA is enabled by the SAP NetWeaver platform and builds on the benefits of Web services. SAP has positioned Enterprise SOA to deliver the benefits offered by service-oriented architecture, including enabling both flexibility and business efficiency. SAP markets Enterprise SOA as a cost-effective way of adding new applications to existing infrastructure.[35] SAP Solutions that currently use Enterprise SOA are mySAP CRM, mySAP ERP, and mySAP SRM.
Partnerships[edit]
SAP partners include Global Services Partners with cross-industry multinational consulting capabilities,[36] Global Software Partners providing integrated products that complement SAP Business Suite solutions,[37] and Global Technology Partners providing user companies with a wide range of products to support SAP technology, including vendors of hardware, database, storage systems, networks, and mobile computing technology.[38]
Extensions partners: this is a small number of companies which provide functionality that complements SAP product capabilities. Their products are certified, sold, and supported by SAP. These partner companies include Adobe, CA Technologies, GK Software,[39] Hewlett-Packard, IDS Scheer, OpenText, Redwood Software, Vistex Inc., Insync Techfin Solution Ltd, Meridian Global Services, Knoa Software, Nakisa Inc, ICON-SCM, BackOffice Associates, Prometheus Group and SmartOps.[40], syslink, scn.sap.com; retrieved 24 April 2011."LinguaNext". Facebook. Retrieved 6 November 2012. 
SAP PartnerEdge[edit]
SAP products for small businesses and midsize companies are delivered through its global partner network. In 2008, SAP signed SAP Global Service partnership with HCL Technologies, a $6 billion technology service provider, headquartered in India.[41]
SAP PartnerEdge signed with ENFOS, Inc., a software as a service company, to develop their EcoHub Partner Sustainability Solution platform. The SAP PartnerEdge program, SAP's partner program, offers a set of business enablement resources and program benefits to help partners including value-added resellers (VARs) and independent software vendors (ISVs) be profitable and successful in implementing, selling, marketing, developing and delivering SAP products to a broad range of customers.[42] .
Communities[edit]
SAP Community Network (SCN) is a community of SAP customers, partners, employees, and influencers – typically in roles such as: developers, consultants, integrators, and business analysts – who gain and share knowledge about ABAP, Java, .NET, SOA, and other technologies, plus analytics and dashboards, business process best practices, cloud, mobile, big data, and a range of other topics via blogs, discussion forums, downloads and code samples, training materials, and a technical library.[43]
Organization[edit]





This section relies too much on references to primary sources. Please improve this section by adding secondary or tertiary sources. (July 2016) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)


SAP uses a two-tier structure of boards, with an executive board and a supervisory board. As of 2016, members of the executive board were Bill McDermott (CEO and Chairman, joined in 2008), Robert Enslin (2014) Bernd Leukert (2014), Luka Mucic (CFO, 2014), Michael Kleinemeier (2015), Stefan Ries (2016), Steve Singh (2016) and Gerhard Oswald (1996).[44]
Functional units of SAP are split across different organizational units for R&D needs, field activities and customer support. SAP Labs are mainly responsible for product development whereas the field organizations spread across each country are responsible for field activities such sales, marketing and consulting. Headquarters is responsible for overall management as well as core Engineering activities related to product development. Worldwide customer support is not provided by the field organizations but by a unified organization called Active Global Support (AGS).[45]
SAP Labs[edit]
SAP Labs[46] are R&D locations that develop and improve SAP core products. SAP Labs are strategically located in high-tech clusters around the globe.
SAP Labs are located in Germany (main locations: Walldorf/Rot, Markdorf, Berlin), United States (main location: Silicon Valley), India (main location: Bangalore), China (main location: Shanghai), Brazil (main location: Sao Leopoldo), Bulgaria (main location: Sofia), Canada (main locations: Vancouver, Montreal), Vietnam (main location: Ho Chi Minh City), Israel (main location: Ra’anana), CIS (main location: Moscow), France (main location: Paris, Sophia Antipolis), Ireland (main location: Dublin), Hungary (main location: Budapest), Slovakia (main location: Bratislava), Czech Republic (main location: Brno), Poland (main location: Gliwice).
SAP’s main 4 Labs’ locations are Germany, India, China and the US. Labs Walldorf was founded in 1972 and became SAP’s first location. At the beginning, the focus of SAP expansion was entering highly developed IT markets: in 1993 Palo Alto becomes a part of SAP Labs‘ locations. Aiming to acquire talented employees, in 1998, SAP opens its Labs in Bangalore, in 2003 – in China.
Among the latest SAP Labs are Labs Czech Republic, Slovakia and Poland. All three labs have been established in 2016.
Based on SAP HANA in-memory platform, SAP Labs develop innovative products for 98 of the 100 most-valuable global brands using cutting-edge methodologies and technologies.
In order to manage SAP Labs, SAP Labs Network (SLN) was created. SLN is a global unit that manages regional Labs and shares best business practices. It coordinates and distributes development projects among individual SAP Labs locations, accelerates product delivery, gives SAP full access to talent, and drives SAP corporate strategy regarding innovation and business growth.
SAP User Groups[edit]
SAP User Groups are independent, non-profit organizations of SAP customers and SAP partners. They serve as communications channel for their members towards SAP and for SAP towards the markets. The Americas' SAP Users’ Group (ASUG) is the company’s largest user group, with 100,000 individuals at 3,800 companies. ASUG members are professionals who work in more than 17 industries. Many are technical and business process experts in the SAP ecosystem; they have varied levels of experience, and come from small businesses to global corporations, as well as universities. In 2007, the SAP User Group Executive Network (SUGEN) was established.
SAP provoked controversy and frustration among its users in 2008 by raising the cost of its maintenance contracts. The issue was the subject of intense discussion among user groups.[47]
Conferences[edit]
SAP has two annual conferences: SAPPHIRE and SAP TechEd. SAPPHIRE is SAP's customer-facing event.[48][49] It is generally where SAP announces major product changes and strategic direction. It is typically held in the spring in North America.
SAP TechEd is the more technical conference, aimed at SAP's ecosystem of consultants and software development partners.[50][51] SAP TechEd has been held since 1995, usually in four locations in the fall. In 2014-15, SAP TechEd was held in three locations, between fall and early spring.
Competitive landscape[edit]
SAP competitors are primarily in the enterprise resource planning software industry. In this field, Oracle Corporation is SAP's major competitor. SAP also competes in the customer relationship management, marketing & sales software, manufacturing, warehousing & industrial software, and supply chain management & logistics software sectors.[52]
Oracle Corporation filed a lawsuit against SAP for malpractice and unfair competition in the California courts in 2007. SAP lost the case in 2010 and was ordered to pay a sum of US $1.3 billion, which was cited as the largest copyright infringement judgment in history.[53] The verdict was overturned in 2011[54] and the lawsuit was finally settled in 2014 for $356.7 million.[55]
The resulting pressure saw SAP and SUGEN (SAP User Group Executive Network) agree to a major benchmarking exercise to prove the value of the new support pricing policy to customers. In December 2009, SAP delayed its Enterprise Support price rises until agreement had been reached on the benchmarks and KPIs (Key Performance Indicators).[56]
In January 2010, SAP reversed its direction on Enterprise Support and reintroduced its standard support package for customers. The move to reinstate standard support – at 18 percent of annual license fees, "will enable all customers to choose the option that best meets their requirements", the company said.[57]
In August 2013, SAP acquired Hybris publicly for eCommerce capabilities after failing in a bid for Neolane. The rationale for the acquisition of Hybris was really for product catalog and product information management.[58]
Philanthropic efforts[edit]
SAP has donated several million dollars to a variety of global health causes including the Product Red campaign and the Global Fund.[59][60] In addition, SAP has distributed free software in South Africa as part of an effort towards developing future markets there.[61] The company also encourages employees to volunteer through social sabbaticals, sending teams of people to different countries to aid non-profits. SAP employees have volunteered in China, India, Brazil, and South Africa. [62]
Autism hiring[edit]
SAP also engages in outreach activities within its company. In 2013, the company launched an initiative to hire employees with autism and Asperger syndrome, citing their undervalued ability to contribute to its workforce. SAP aims to compose 1% of its workforce with autistic people by the year 2020.[63]
Bribery & Corruption[edit]
South African Allegations[edit]
In July 2017 allegations came to light that SAP had been involved in business transactions with the controversial Gupta family in South Africa. SAP was accused of paying CAD House, a Gupta-controlled company, R100 million in order to secure a Transnet deal. SAP denied the allegations, claiming that the money was paid as "an extension of the sales force", despite CAD House having no prior SAP experience.[64][65]
The Gupta family have been implicated in a net of corruption in South Africa due to their close relationship with South African President Jacob Zuma. In a widespread e-mail leak many more of the Gupta family's dark business deals came to light including a racial division campaign by British PR firm Bell Pottinger[66]. It was in these e-mails that the dealings of SAP with the Gupta family came to light as well[67].
As a consequence of the allegations, SAP launched an investigation that led to four of its South African managers being placed on administrative leave along with the seizure of their mobile phones and computers.[68] In the meantime, Claas Kuehnemann was named as acting managing director for Africa while the investigation continues.[69]
Panamanian Bribery[edit]
In May 2015 SAP agreed to pay $3.9 million to settle U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission civil charges over a former executive's scheme to bribe Panama government officials in order to win lucrative technology contracts.[70]
See also[edit]


Companies portal
Computer Science portal



List of SAP products
SAP Fiori
SAP Implementation
List of ERP software packages
SAP Center, an indoor arena in San Jose, California that bears the company's name via a sponsorship contract

References[edit]


^ a b c d e f "SAP Q4 2016 Quarterly Statement" (PDF). SAP SE. Retrieved 31 January 2017. 
^ "SAP Company History". Retrieved 25 January 2017. 
^ a b "SAP at a Glance: Company Information". Retrieved 27 January 2015. 
^ "Börse Frankfurt (Frankfurt Stock Exchange): Stock market quotes, charts and news". 
^ Holmes, Edith. "IBM Opposes Retelling of Whole Xerox Story in Court", Computerworld, p. 42, 26 January 1976.
^ "History of SAP AG". Retrieved 3 May 2013. 
^ International Directory of Company Histories, Vol. 16. St James Press, 1997.
^ a b c d Staff. "SAP History: From Start-Up Software Vendor to Global Market Leader". Retrieved 10 October 2010. 
^ SAP UK – ICI Success Story, Sap.com (1 January 1999); retrieved 24 April 2011.
^ "Standard Application Software for Real-time processing is developed". 
^ "seize new opportunities by SAP". 
^ "Vom Programmierbüro zum globalen Softwareproduzenten: Die Erfolgsfaktoren der SAP von der Gründung bis zum R/3-Boom, 1972 bis 1996". Chbeck.metapress.com. 14 November 2008. Retrieved 27 March 2014. 
^ Solutions, Cipher Business. "SAP ECC Modules - Cipher Business Solutions". Cipher Business Solutions. Retrieved 2017-03-29. 
^ LinkedIn; https://www.linkedin.com/pulse/latest-version-sap-erp-available-ecc-60-ehp7-what-do-you-rakesh-singh
^ "STOXX Limited Announces Changes to its Blue-Chip Index Series" (Press release). Stoxx. 1 September 2003. Retrieved 21 October 2016. 
^ "Company Q & A". Investor Relations. SAP.com. Retrieved 27 May 2015. 
^ Wong, Kenneth; Bass, Dina (23 May 2012). "SAP to Acquire Ariba for $4.3 Billion in Push Into Cloud". Bloomberg News. 
^ "SAP To Acquire Concur Technologies To Boost Cloud Sales". Forbes. 22 September 2014. 
^ Mahadevan, Neetha; Doerner, Stephan (19 September 2014). "SAP to Acquire Concur Technologies". The Wall Street Journal. 
^ "IBM and SAP Score Win Over Amazon". BusinessInsider. 14 October 2014. 
^ "HP News - HP and SAP Accelerate Journey to SAP® S/4HANA on HP Helion Managed Cloud". www8.hp.com. Retrieved 2017-03-26. 
^ "Microsoft and SAP Strengthen Ties with Mobile, Data, Cloud Partnership". TechCrunch. 19 May 2014. 
^ SAP Posts Strong 2014 Results, Cloud Business to Drive Future Growth , Forbes, 22 January 2015
^ a b Reuters. "SAP Plans to Invest $2.2 Billion in the Internet of Things by 2020". Fortune. Retrieved 2017-07-17. 
^ "Answers on SAP upgradation to SAP S/4HANA". 
^ Larry Dignan (16 September 2016). "SAP aims to court more HANA developers, launches express edition". ZDNet. Retrieved 19 November 2016. 
^ "SAP S4/HANA – the user, analyst and partner views", Diginomica.com, 3 February 2015.
^ SAP announces acquisition of Abakus
^ "The World’s Biggest Public Companies, Software & Programming". Forbes. Retrieved 21 October 2016. 
^ "Worldwide Office Directory of SAP". 
^ "Business in Brief: Markets". SAP. Retrieved 15 October 2007. 
^ "Midmarket Solutions: SAP ALL-IN-ONE – Solutions for mid-size companies". Annual Report 2006. SAP.ocm. Retrieved 15 October 2007. 
^ "Industry Solutions: Innovation – One Industry at a Time". Annual Report 2006. SAP.com. Retrieved 15 October 2007. 
^ SAP - Enterprise Service-Oriented Architecture: Adoption Program, global.sap.com; accessed 27 May 2015.
^ "When Does a Web Service Become an Enterprise Service?" by Dr Franz-Josef Fritz (SAP AG), SAP Insider, April–May–June 2004.
^ SAP – Global & Local Partner Directories: Global Services Partners. SAP AG. Retrieved 7 July 2011.
^ SAP – Global & Local Partner Directories: Global Software Partners. Sap.com (30 June 2009). Retrieved on 7 July 2011.
^ SAP – Global & Local Partner Directories: Global Technology Partners, go.sap.com; retrieved 7 July 2011.
^ SAP Offers Retailers in North America a Full Range of Store Solutions to Optimize Their Businesses Through Extended Global Reseller Agreement With GK Software. sap-news.com (28 May 2013). Retrieved on 22 May 2015.
^ Solution Extensions Software from
^ SAP – HCL Technologies Announces Global Services Partnership With SAP to Deliver Joint Business Value Through ‘Customer Centric Ecosystem’, Sap.com; retrieved 7 July 2011.
^ SAP – SAP Solutions for Small Businesses and Midsize Companies: Press Fact Sheet, July 2007. SAP.com; retrieved 7 July 2011.
^ SAP – Communities. go.sap.com; retrieved 7 July 2011.
^ "SAP Executive Board". SAP. 
^ "SAP launches Global Support Center". 
^ "R&D Locations | SAP Labs | About SAP SE". SAP. Retrieved 2016-04-29. 
^ SAP faces user wrath over price hikes. Computerworlduk.com. Retrieved on 7 July 2011.
^ "SAP unveils SuccessFactors cloud computing roadmap as it squares up to Oracle". V3.co.uk. Retrieved 29 February 2012. 
^ "SAP Rolls Out Updates at SAPPHIRE". InternetNews. 17 June 2003. Retrieved 29 February 2012. 
^ "SAP TechEd '05 in Bangalore". Articles.timesofindia.indiatimes.com. 22 September 2005. Retrieved 29 February 2012. 
^ "SAP TechEd to Go Deep on Mobility". Pcworld.com. 8 October 2010. Retrieved 29 February 2012. 
^ Staff. "SAP Competitors". 
^ Levine, Dan (23 November 2010). "SAP to pay Oracle $1.3 billion in landmark decision". Reuters. Thomson Reuters. Retrieved 2 October 2015. 
^ "Oracle Verdict Against SAP Is Overturned". Associated Press. 1 September 2011. Retrieved 12 January 2015. .
^ "Oracle, SAP Settle Long-Running TomorrowNow Lawsuit". Reuters. 13 November 2014. Retrieved 14 August 2015. .
^ SAP delays Enterprise Support price rises. Computerworlduk.com; retrieved 7 July 2011.
^ SAP does U-turn on Enterprise Support. Computerworlduk.com; retrieved 7 July 2011.
^ "SAP buys Hybris, gains customer experience, power", informationweek.com; accessed 27 May 2015.
^ "(RED) Partners". (RED). The ONE Campaign. 14 October 2012. Retrieved 27 May 2015. 
^ "What This Giant Software Company Is Doing to Advance Global Health". Inside Philanthropy. 8 October 2014. Retrieved 13 November 2016. 
^ "The Business Case for Strategic Philanthropy". TriplePundit. 8 August 2013. Retrieved 13 November 2016. 
^ "How EY and SAP are championing corporate volunteering". The Guardian. 11 February 2014. Retrieved 13 November 2016. 
^ "SAP in autism recruitment drive". BBC News. 22 May 2013. 
^ "#GuptaLeaks: Software giant paid Gupta front R100m 'kickbacks' for state business". News24. Retrieved 2017-07-11. 
^ "amaBhungane - #GuptaLeaks: Software giant SAP paid Gupta front R100m “kickbacks” for state business". amabhungane.co.za. Retrieved 2017-07-11. 
^ "Guptas just tip of SA's corruption ice-berg - Saftu". Fin24. Retrieved 2017-07-11. 
^ "Software giant pulled into Gupta saga with allegations of R100 million kickbacks". Retrieved 2017-07-11. 
^ "Germany’s SAP to investigate South Africa kickback allegations". Financial Times. 
^ Writer, Staff. "SAP names Kuehnemann as acting MD". ITWeb Technology News. Retrieved 2017-07-17. 
^ "#PanamaBribery: SAP settles with SEC over Panama bribery scheme". Reuters. Retrieved 2017-07-14. 


External links[edit]



Wikimedia Commons has media related to SAP.



Official website



Business data for SAP SE:
Reuters
SEC filings










v
t
e


SAP SE



Founders



Dietmar Hopp
Hans-Werner Hector
Hasso Plattner
Klaus Tschira
Claus Wellenreuther








Board of directors



Hasso Plattner (Chairman)
Lars Lamadé (Deputy Chairman)
Pekka Ala-Pietilä
Thomas Bamberger
Panagiotis Bissiritsas
Wilhelm Haarmann
Peter Koop
Christiane Kuntz-Mayr
Bernard Liautaud
Gerhard Maier
Hartmut Mehdorn
Hans-Bernd Meier
Joachim Milberg
Erhard Schipporeit
Stefan Schulz
Klaus Wucherer





Executive board



Bill McDermott
Robert Enslin
Michael Kleinemeier
Bernd Leukert
Gerhard Oswald
Luka Mucic
Michael Kleinemeier
Stefan Ries
Steve Singh





Technologies



SAP HANA
SAP Netweaver
Service-oriented architecture
Enterprise modelling
Application lifecycle management
Enterprise mobility
Application lifecycle management





Major locations



Corporate/EMEA headquarters: Walldorf, Germany
Americas HQ: Newtown Square, USA
Asia-Pacific HQ: Singapore





Major SAP Labs locations (R&D)



Bangalore, India
Palo Alto, US
São Leopoldo, Brazil
Ra'anana, Israel
Shanghai, China
Sophia-Antipolis, France
Montreal, Canada





Acquisitions



Ariba
Concur Technologies
SAP Business Objects
SuccessFactors
Sybase





Sponsorships



Andy Roddick
Cirque du Soleil
Paula Creamer
Ernie Els
New York Yankees
SAP Center
SAP Open
San Jose Sharks
Sony Ericsson Open
Tribeca Film Festival





See also



ASUG
openSAP
SAP Community Network
SAP Press












v
t
e


 Euro Stoxx 50 companies of the Euro Area




Last updated October 2015






Air Liquide
Airbus Group
Allianz
Anheuser-Busch InBev
ASML Holding
Assicurazioni Generali
AXA
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria
Banco Santander
BASF
Bayer
BMW
BNP Paribas
Carrefour
Saint-Gobain
Daimler AG
Deutsche Bank
Deutsche Post
Deutsche Telekom
Enel
Engie SA
Eni
E.ON
Essilor International
Fresenius SE
Groupe Danone
Iberdrola
Inditex
ING Group NV
Intesa Sanpaolo
L'Oréal
LVMH Moët Hennessy Louis Vuitton
Münchener Rückversicherungs-Gesellschaft
Nokia
Orange S.A.
Philips Electronics
SAFRAN
Sanofi
SAP SE
Schneider Electric
Siemens
Société Générale SA
Telefónica
Total S.A.
Unibail-Rodamco
UniCredit
Unilever
Vinci SA
Vivendi
Volkswagen Group












v
t
e


DAX companies of Germany






Adidas
Allianz
BASF
Bayer
Beiersdorf
BMW
Commerzbank
Continental
Daimler
Deutsche Bank
Deutsche Börse
Deutsche Post
Deutsche Telekom
E.ON
Fresenius
Fresenius Medical Care
HeidelbergCement
Henkel
Infineon Technologies
Linde
Lufthansa
Merck
Munich Re
ProSiebenSat.1 Media
RWE
SAP
Siemens
ThyssenKrupp
Volkswagen
Vonovia












v
t
e


Philadelphia-area corporations (including the Delaware Valley)




List of companies based in the Philadelphia area



Philadelphia-based Fortune 500
corporations (rank in the 2015 list)



Comcast (37)
Aramark (199)
Crown Holdings (321)





Delaware Valley-based Fortune 500
corporations (rank in the 2015 list)



AmerisourceBergen (16)
DuPont (87)
Lincoln National (223)
Universal Health Services (324)
Campbell Soup (342)
UGI (349)
Burlington Stores Inc. (500)





Other notable Philadelphia-based
businesses



Amoroso's
Beneficial Bank
Chemtura
Day & Zimmermann
FMC Corporation
Independence Blue Cross
Pennsylvania Real Estate Investment Trust
Pep Boys
Philadelphia Media Network
Radian Group
Urban Outfitters





Notable Philadelphia-based
professional partnerships



Ballard Spahr
Blank Rome
Cozen O'Connor
Dechert
Drinker Biddle & Reath
Duane Morris
Morgan, Lewis & Bockius
Pepper Hamilton
Saul Ewing
White and Williams





Other notable Delaware
Valley-based businesses



Actua Corporation
Airgas
AlliedBarton
Ametek
Aqua America
Asplundh
Bentley Systems
Brandywine Realty Trust
Boscov's
Carpenter Technology
Cephalon
Chemours
Christiana Care Health System
Crozer Keystone Health System
David's Bridal
DuckDuckGo
EPAM Systems
EnerSys
Liberty Property Trust
Penn Mutual
Penn National Gaming
Rita's Italian Ice
SEI Investments
SLM
SunGard
Susquehanna International Group
Vanguard
Toll Brothers
Triumph Group
Unisys
ViroPharma
Vishay Intertechnology
VWR
Wawa
Wilmington Trust
W. L. Gore and Associates
WSFS Bank





Notable Delaware Valley-based
US headquarters of
foreign businesses



Aberdeen Asset Management
ACE
AgustaWestland
AstraZeneca
Delaware Investments
GlaxoSmithKline
ING Group
Keystone Foods
SAP America
Siemens Medical
Shire Pharmaceuticals
Subaru
Teva Pharmaceuticals
TD Bank





Notable Delaware Valley-based
division headquarters of
US corporations



Acme (Cerberus Capital Management)
Centocor (Johnson & Johnson)
Colonial Penn (Conseco)
Delmarva Power (Exelon)
GSI Commerce (eBay)
Hercules (Ashland)
MAB Paints (Sherwin-Williams)
McNeil Laboratories (J&J)
Neoware (Hewlett-Packard)
PECO (Exelon)
QVC (Liberty Media)
Rohm and Haas (Dow Chemical)
Sunoco (Energy Transfer)
Tasty Baking (Flowers Foods)












v
t
e


Major information technology companies






Largest IT companies
Largest Internet companies
Largest software companies





Consulting and
outsourcing



Accenture
Atos
Booz Allen Hamilton
BMC Software
BT Global Services
CACI
Capgemini
CGI Group
Cognizant
Deloitte
Digital China
DXC Technology
Fujitsu
HCL Technologies
Hitachi Consulting
IBM Global Services
Indra Sistemas
Infosys
Infor
KPMG
Leidos
NEC
NTT DATA
Orange Business Services
T-Systems
Tata Consultancy Services
Tech Mahindra
Unisys
Wipro





Imaging



Canon Inc.
HP Inc.
Eastman Kodak
Fujifilm
Konica Minolta
Kyocera
Lexmark
Nikon
Olympus Corporation
Panasonic
Ricoh
Samsung Electronics
Seiko Epson
Sharp
Sony
Toshiba
Xerox





Information storage



ADATA
Dell Technologies
Dell EMC
Fujitsu
Hitachi Data Systems
Hewlett Packard Enterprise
IBM
Kingston Technology
LenovoEMC
NetApp
Oracle Corporation
Plextor
Samsung Electronics
Seagate Technology
Silicon Power
Sony
Toshiba
Transcend Information
Western Digital (SanDisk)





Internet



Baidu
Facebook
Google
IAC/InterActiveCorp
Microsoft
Naver
NetEase
Netflix
Oath
Tencent
Twitter
Uber
Vox Media
Yandex





Cloud computing




Akamai Technologies
Amazon Web Services
Google
IBM
Microsoft
Oracle Corporation
Rackspace
Salesforce.com








E-commerce only




Alibaba Group
Amazon.com
eBay
Flipkart
Groupon
JD.com
Shopify
Rakuten








Mainframes



Fujitsu
IBM





Mobile devices



Acer Inc.
Amazon.com
Apple
Asus
BBK Electronics (OPPO, OnePlus, Vivo)
BlackBerry Limited
Hisense
HTC
Huawei
I-Mobile
Karbonn Mobiles
Lava Mobiles (XOLO)
Lenovo (Motorola Mobility)
LG Electronics
Meizu
Micromax Informatics (YU Televentures)
Microsoft
Nokia
Panasonic
Samsung
Sony
TCL Corporation
True
Xiaomi
ZTE





Networking equipment



Avaya
Cisco Systems
Ericsson
Fujitsu
Hewlett Packard Enterprise
Huawei
Juniper Networks
Motorola Solutions
NEC
Nokia
Qualcomm
ZTE





OEMs



Celestica
Compal Electronics
Flextronics
Foxconn
Jabil
Pegatron
Quanta
Sanmina Corporation
TPV Technology
Wistron Corporation





Personal computers
and servers



Acer Inc.
Apple Inc.
Asus
Dell
Fujitsu
HP Inc.
Lenovo
LG Electronics
NEC
Panasonic
Positivo
Samsung Electronics
Toshiba





Servers only




Cisco Systems
Hewlett Packard Enterprise
IBM
Inspur
Oracle Corporation








Financial technology



Euronet Worldwide
FIS
PayPal
Fiserv
Jack Henry
SWIFT
Square





Point of sale



Casio
NCR
Panasonic
Samsung Electronics
Seiko Epson
Sharp
Star Micronics
Toshiba
Wincor Nixdorf





Semiconductors



Advanced Micro Devices
Broadcom
Fujitsu
Infineon Technologies
Integrated Micro-Electronics, Inc.
Intel
LG Electronics
Marvell Technology Group
MediaTek
Micron Technology
Nvidia
NXP Semiconductors (Freescale)
ON Semiconductor
Panasonic
Qualcomm
Renesas Electronics
Samsung Electronics
SK Hynix
Sony
STMicroelectronics
Texas Instruments
Toshiba
VIA Technologies





Foundries




GlobalFoundries
TSMC
United Microelectronics Corporation
SMIC








Equipment




Applied Materials
KLA-Tencor
Lam Research
Tokyo Electron








Software



Adobe Systems
Amadeus IT Group
Apple Inc.
Autodesk
BMC Software
CA Technologies
FIS
Google
Hewlett Packard Enterprise
IBM
Intuit
Infor
Microsoft
Oracle Corporation
Sage Group
SAP SE
Symantec
VMware





Telecommunications
services



América Móvil
AT&T
Bell Canada
Bezeq
Bharti Airtel
Bharat Sanchar Nigam Limited
BT Group
CenturyLink
China Mobile
China Telecom
China Unicom
Chunghwa Telecom
Comcast
Deutsche Telekom
Hutchison Asia
Idea Cellular
KDDI
KPN
KT Corporation
Mahanagar Telephone Nigam
MTN
MTS
Nippon
NTT DoCoMo
Oi
Orange S.A.
PCCW
Reliance
Shaw
Singtel
SK Telecom
SoftBank Mobile
Spark
Sprint Corporation
Swisscom
Tata Teleservices
Telecom Italia
Telefónica
Telenor
Telus
Telmex
Telstra
TPG
True
Türk Telekom
Veon
Verizon
Viettel
Vivendi
Vodafone





Travel technology



Amadeus IT Group
Sabre Corporation
Travelport





Video games



Activision Blizzard
Atari
Bandai Namco
Capcom‎
Electronic Arts
Epic Games
LucasArts
Koei Tecmo
Konami
NCsoft
Nexon
Nintendo
Sega
Sony
Square Enix
Take-Two Interactive
Tencent
Ubisoft
Warner Bros.






Methodology: FY2014/15 applicable revenues of over: group 1-3, 6-12 - US$3 billion; group 4 - US$2 billion; group 5,13,16 - US$1 billion










v
t
e


Accounting software






Comparison of accounting software





Open-source





Non-web




GnuCash
HomeBank
KMyMoney
RCA Open-Source Application
Tryton
TurboCASH






Web-based




Adempiere
Apache OFBiz
Compiere
Dolibarr
ERPNext
iDempiere
IntarS
LedgerSMB
metasfresh
Odoo
Openbravo
Tryton








Freeware



BIG4books
NolaPro
Outright
ZipBooks





Retail



Acumatica
Agresso
AME Accounting Software
Aplos Software
Aria Systems
Banktivity
CGram Software
Cheqbook
ClearBooks
Coda Financials
Eclipse ERP
FinancialForce.com
Fortora Fresh Finance
FreeAgent
Gem Accounts
JD Edwards
Invoiceit
Liberty Accounts
Microsoft Dynamics AX
Microsoft Dynamics GP
Microsoft Dynamics NAV
Microsoft Dynamics SL
Moneydance
MYOB
NetSuite
NewViews
NOSA XP
Open Systems Accounting Software
Oracle Applications
Pastel Accounting
QuickBooks
Quicken
Reckon
Sage 50 Accounting
Sage 300
SAP Business One
SAP ERP
Tally Solutions
TRAVERSE
Wave Accounting
Xero
You Need a Budget





File formats



NV2
OFC
OFX
QC
QFX
QIF
XBRL








 Category










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=SAP_SE&oldid=791384682"					
Categories: SAP SE1972 establishments in GermanyBanking software companiesCloud computing providersCompanies based in Baden-WürttembergCompanies established in 1972Companies listed on the New York Stock ExchangeCRM software companiesERP software companiesGerman brandsMultinational companies headquartered in GermanyOpenTravel AllianceSoftware companies of GermanySocietates EuropaeaeCompanies in the Euro Stoxx 501972 in computer science1978 in computer scienceHidden categories: Use British English from May 2015Use dmy dates from January 2013Pages using deprecated image syntaxArticles containing German-language textWikipedia articles needing clarification from April 2017Articles containing potentially dated statements from 2016All articles containing potentially dated statementsArticles lacking reliable references from July 2016All articles lacking reliable references 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia CommonsWikiversity 



Languages


AfrikaansالعربيةAzərbaycancaБългарскиBosanskiCatalàČeštinaDanskDeutschΕλληνικάEspañolEsperantoفارسیFrançaisFryskGalego한국어Հայերենहिन्दीHornjoserbsceHrvatskiBahasa IndonesiaItalianoעבריתಕನ್ನಡҚазақшаLatviešuLietuviųMagyarमराठीМонголNederlands日本語Norsk bokmålNorsk nynorskOʻzbekcha/ўзбекчаPolskiPortuguêsRomânăРусскийSlovenčinaСрпски / srpskiSrpskohrvatski / српскохрватскиSuomiSvenskaதமிழ்తెలుగుไทยTürkçeУкраїнськаTiếng Việt粵語中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 19 July 2017, at 22:37.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 













Portfolio of Applications, Software and Platforms  |  SAP


















































Javascript must be enabled for the correct page display



Skip to Content




















Search

















Log On







Choose your country or region




Global


About SAP SE: English


Über SAP SE: Deutsch




Americas


Argentina
Bolivia
Brasil
Canada - English
Canada - Français
Chile
Colombia


Costa Rica
Ecuador
El Salvador
Guatemala
Honduras
Latin America
México


Panamá
Perú
Puerto Rico
República Dominicana
United States
Venezuela




Europe


Albanija
Belgique
België
Bosna i Hercegovina
Crna Gora
Danmark
Deutschland
Eesti
España
France
Hrvatska
Ireland
Italia
Latvija
Lietuva


Magyarország
Makedonija
Nederland
Norge
Österreich
Polska
Portugal
Romania
Schweiz
Slovenija
Slovensko
Srbija
Suisse
Suomi
Sverige


Türkiye
United Kingdom
Česká republika
Ελλάδα και Κύπρος
Азербайджан
Армения
Беларусь
България
Грузия
Молдавия
Россия
СНГ
Украина








Middle East and Africa


Africa
Angola
Bahrain
Egypt
Iraq
Jordan
Kenya
Kuwait
Lebanon
Libya
MENA
MENA (‏العربية‎)
Morocco
Nigeria


Oman
Pakistan
Palestine
Qatar
Saudi Arabia
South Africa
United Arab Emirates
Yemen
ישראל
الأردن‎
الامارات العربية المتحدة
البحرين
الجمهورية اليمنية
العـراق


الكويت
اسلامی جمہوریۂ پاكستان
المملكة العربية السعودية
عُمان
فلسطين‎
قطر
لبنان‎
ليبيا
مصر




Asia Pacific


Australia
Hongkong
India
Indonesia
Malaysia
New Zealand
Philippines
Singapore


South East Asia
Thailand
Việt Nam
Казахстан
Киргизия
Таджикистан
Туркменистан
Узбекистан


中国
台灣
日本
대한민국



















United States









Tell us what you think!

What describes your role best?


Shareholder



Analyst



Press



Customer



SAP Employee



Other




How would you rate the 2016 Integrated Report?


Excellent

Very Good

Good

Fair

Poor



How easily did you find the information you were looking for?


Very easy

Easy

Neutral

Difficult

Very difficult





Any additional comments?





Send your Feedback





Thank You!


Close





















Search






























































            Contact Us
        



Close


Call us at

+1-800-872-1727


Or see our complete list of  

local country numbers




















                            Chat Now
                        

                            Chat Offline
                        
Get live help and chat with an SAP representative.



Chat now
















Contact Us
E-mail us with comments, questions or feedback.
































Home








All
Products





















<




                    Overview
                



                    Products A-Z
                




>





Overview


Products A-Z 


More 







                            Overview
                            
                        



                            Products A-Z
                            
                        




















Portfolio Categories


Explore our comprehensive solutions for all business processes across all industries to find the solutions you need to run your business better, faster, and simpler enterprise-wide.












ERP and Digital Core



SAP S/4HANA and ERP for Large Enterprises


ERP for Midsize Companies


ERP for Small Businesses









Cloud and Data Platforms



SAP Cloud Platform


SAP HANA Platform and Databases


Data Warehousing


Big Data


Enterprise Information Management


Application Integration and Infrastructure









Procurement and Networks



Supplier Management


Strategic Sourcing


Procurement


Services Procurement and External Workforce


Selling and Fulfillment









Analytics



Business Intelligence


Enterprise Performance Management


Predictive Analytics











Customer Engagement and Commerce



Marketing


Sales


Service


Commerce


Revenue









IoT and Digital Supply Chain



Supply Chain


Internet of Things (IoT)


Manufacturing


R&D / Engineering


Asset Management









Human Resources (HR)



Core HR and Payroll


Time and Attendance Management


Recruiting and Onboarding


Learning and Development


Performance and Compensation


Workforce Planning and Analytics









Finance



Governance, Risk, and Compliance


Financial Planning and Analysis


Accounting and Financial Close


Treasury Management


Payables and Receivables


Real Estate Management


Travel and Expense











item_2094075296010item_9982801520933item_6822533577953item_1493716560392item_1493716570390item_1493716573127item_1493716575871item_1493716578358







Explore all products from A-Z












Featured Products


Find the right products to enable digital transformation across your enterprise and run business-critical processes quickly and securely in the cloud – today and as your business needs evolve.


























Previous







SAP S4HANA Cloud product image




















Next







SAP S/4HANA Cloud

Run a live business with our next-generation cloud ERP suite. Designed for in-memory computing, SAP S/4HANA Cloud acts as a digital core, connecting your enterprise with people, business networks, the Internet of Things, Big Data, and more, with the scalability and security you expect in the cloud.




SAP S/4HANA Cloud































Previous







SAP S4HANA product image




















Next










SAP S/4HANA Enterprise Management

Improve decision making and increase productivity with a digital core that supports all your mission-critical business processes. Built on the SAP HANA platform, the SAP S/4HANA Enterprise Management solution is designed with the SAP Fiori user experience and delivered in the cloud and on premise.




SAP S/4HANA Enterprise Management





























Previous







SAP Cloud Platform displayed on a laptop




















Next










SAP Cloud Platform

Build and deploy apps quickly with our cloud platform-as-a-service (PaaS). With SAP Cloud Platform, you can deliver secure business apps that integrate and optimize your IT landscape, drive agility, and accelerate digital transformation – in weeks, instead of years.




SAP Cloud Platform

















Previous
Next




SAP HANA

Accelerate business processes, deliver more business intelligence, and simplify your IT environment with our in-memory data platform that provides the foundation for all your data needs.



SAP HANA










Concur Expense

Integrate travel spend, ERP, accounting, and card data into a single, cloud-based and mobile system that manages the entire expense process – from spend requests to reconciliation.



Concur Expense










SAP Ariba Strategic Sourcing Suite

Manage sourcing and suppliers across all spend categories with a single closed-loop, source-to-contract suite of solutions that handles the advanced requirements of direct materials sourcing. 



SAP Ariba Strategic Sourcing Suite












SAP BusinessObjects Business Intelligence

Increase responsiveness, reduce IT costs and workload, and drive better decision making by providing easy, self-service access to insights on a unified platform for data and analytics.



SAP BusinessObjects Business Intelligence










SAP Hybris Commerce

Deliver exceptional, seamless customer experiences by integrating all digital and physical customer touchpoints – including online, mobile, call center, and social media – onto a single platform.



SAP Hybris Commerce










SAP SuccessFactors Employee Central

Transform the work experience with a cloud-based, multilingual solution that serves as a “system of record” for people- and HR-related data, as well as a platform for streamlining core HR processes.



SAP SuccessFactors Employee Central

























Technology and Innovation


In the digital age, business leaders must stay on top of new, emerging, and future technologies or risk falling behind. But where do you start? Explore the latest digital trends to determine the best opportunities for your company.









Previous
Next










Big Data

Big Data continues to explode in volume and variety, and companies must keep up. Learn about the latest Big Data tech trends, including real-time analytics and AI – and find out what they can do for business. 



Big Data















Blockchain

Blockchain has the potential to majorly disrupt every industry. This distributed ledger technology goes far beyond cryptocurrencies to include everything from land titles and intellectual property to votes. 



Blockchain















Cloud Computing

From SaaS and PaaS to private and hybrid – learn more about cloud technology and its benefits. You can also investigate the latest cloud trends and hot topics, such as security and public cloud options.



Cloud Computing

















Digital Business

Traditional business models are being radically disrupted in the digital economy. Discover what it takes to be a digital business – and learn about the innovative technologies driving digital transformation.



Digital Business















Internet of Things

The Internet of Things (IoT) is connecting machines to machines (M2M) and machines to people in nearly every industry. Explore this world of networks – including the IIoT and Internet of Everything (IoE).



Internet of Things















Machine Learning

Artificial intelligence (AI), machine learning, and deep learning are powering a new breed of software innovation. See how the technology can harness an ocean of Big Data to create business opportunities.



Machine Learning

















Mobile

Enterprise mobility is a key component of any digital strategy. See how you can engage your employees, customers, and stakeholders in new and innovative ways with SAP’s mobile technology and business apps.



Mobile















Small and Midsize Businesses

Small and midsize businesses are inherently agile – so they can often adopt emerging technologies ahead of larger companies. See how SMEs are embracing digital disruption and new IT trends with SAP.



Small and Midsize Businesses


































Back to top














SAP Products Ltd.









 
          ALCOHOL & CIGARETTE DISPLAYS 


 
          COSMETICS 


 
          ELECTRONC DEVICES STORES 


 
          EYEWEAR STORES 


 
          FASHION STORES 


 
          FMCG 


 
          HOME APPLIANCES STORES 


 
          PHARMACIE 


 
          SPORTS EQUIPMENT 


 
          WATCHES 
















































HOME





OUR SERVICES





OUR PROJECTS





QUALITY






CONTACT US





CONTACT US
































SAP Products Ltd.  2016.  ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.











Back to Top





































ABOUT US




40,000 square meters of floor space with integrated manufacturing operation.
 

Production facility utilizes over 200 machines.
 

Services include: Woodwork, Metalwork, Plastic injection/vacuum forming, Acrylic fabrication, Electronics department and Printing facility.
 

A highly-skilled team of professionals at our facility in China
 

ISO9001:2015/ ISO14001:2015 certification.
 

Precision assembly





3 MIN TOUR




































NEW COLLECTION OF
DISPLAYS & 
FIXTURES



SEE ALL










 TO LIFE


 WE BRING YOUR IDEAS


WORLD CLASS MANUFACTURING















WE MANUFACTURE
TO BRING
DESIGNS
​
​
 






















FUN





FACTS










COUNTRIES 
COVERED












10.68
​


DISPLAY UNITS
PRODUCED














178


HAPPY 
CLIENTS




MILLION


63






















Design Agency

Are you a Design Agency?
​
We can help. We have experience working with many of the world’s leading Agencies & Brands.

















Consulting

Need some help? 
​
We can provide Engineering & Design for Manufacture support as well as full CAD/CAM & prototyping.


CONTACT US





IN-STORE


TO LIFE












Close  













Small or Midsize Business Software & ERP | SAP Business One




















































Javascript must be enabled for the correct page display



Skip to Content




















Search

















Log On







Choose your country or region




Global


About SAP SE: English


Über SAP SE: Deutsch




Americas


Argentina
Bolivia
Brasil
Canada - English
Canada - Français
Chile
Colombia


Costa Rica
Ecuador
El Salvador
Guatemala
Honduras
Latin America
México


Panamá
Perú
Puerto Rico
República Dominicana
United States
Venezuela




Europe


Albanija
Belgique
België
Bosna i Hercegovina
Crna Gora
Danmark
Deutschland
Eesti
España
France
Hrvatska
Ireland
Italia
Latvija
Lietuva


Magyarország
Makedonija
Nederland
Norge
Österreich
Polska
Portugal
Romania
Schweiz
Slovenija
Slovensko
Srbija
Suisse
Suomi
Sverige


Türkiye
United Kingdom
Česká republika
Ελλάδα και Κύπρος
Азербайджан
Армения
Беларусь
България
Грузия
Молдавия
Россия
СНГ
Украина








Middle East and Africa


Africa
Angola
Bahrain
Egypt
Iraq
Jordan
Kenya
Kuwait
Lebanon
Libya
MENA
MENA (‏العربية‎)
Morocco
Nigeria


Oman
Pakistan
Palestine
Qatar
Saudi Arabia
South Africa
United Arab Emirates
Yemen
ישראל
الأردن‎
الامارات العربية المتحدة
البحرين
الجمهورية اليمنية
العـراق


الكويت
اسلامی جمہوریۂ پاكستان
المملكة العربية السعودية
عُمان
فلسطين‎
قطر
لبنان‎
ليبيا
مصر




Asia Pacific


Australia
Hongkong
India
Indonesia
Malaysia
New Zealand
Philippines
Singapore


South East Asia
Thailand
Việt Nam
Казахстан
Киргизия
Таджикистан
Туркменистан
Узбекистан


中国
台灣
日本
대한민국



















United States









Tell us what you think!

What describes your role best?


Shareholder



Analyst



Press



Customer



SAP Employee



Other




How would you rate the 2016 Integrated Report?


Excellent

Very Good

Good

Fair

Poor



How easily did you find the information you were looking for?


Very easy

Easy

Neutral

Difficult

Very difficult





Any additional comments?





Send your Feedback





Thank You!


Close





















Search






























































            Contact Us
        



Close


Call us at

+1-800-872-1727


Or see our complete list of  

local country numbers




















                            Chat Now
                        

                            Chat Offline
                        
Get live help and chat with an SAP representative.



Chat now
















Contact Us
E-mail us with comments, questions or feedback.


























Home




Products



SAP Business One




SAP Business One








For Industries




Product Capabilities




Licensing & Purchasing




Support & Training
















Home




Products



SAP Business One























            SAP Business One
        



                    Need more than accounting tools? Manage every aspect of your small or midsize business with SAP Business One
                

Gain greater control over your SME or subsidiary with SAP Business One, business management software designed to grow with you. Trusted by over 55,000 companies in 150 countries, this single solution streamlines your key processes – from accounting  and CRM to supply chain management and purchasing.


Capture all of your business information in a single, scalable system

Get answers to your most pressing questions with integrated business intelligence

Give employees on-the-go access to the software via an intuitive mobile app
Deploy on premise or in the cloud in as little as 2 to 8 weeks*

Read the solution brief
Test drive SAP Business One Cloud today
































See what our customers are saying







Previous







 











	        Propack Kenya
        

Propack Kenya, a leading Kenyan consumer goods company, implemented SAP Business One a year ago, after it had outgrown its traditional accounting package. By capturing all requirements through the ERP system, it is now able to fulfil orders for same-day or next-day deliveries on a just-in-time basis. With SAP Business One, Propack has unprecedented market visibility and control over its operations, powering double-digit year-on-year growth in east and central Africa.








 











	        Sign Works
        

Sign Works is a visual merchandising company, providing digital and graphic design services and producing displays and signage. The growing firm acknowledged the need to move beyond spreadsheets and chose SAP Business One to bring efficiency to its operations and enable the effective capture and retrieval of information. The firm is now able to be more responsive to clients and has also automated its payroll to ensure all employees are paid on time.








 











	        Speco Technologies
        

Speco Technologies is a leading provider of video surveillance equipment across North America and Canada. In 2008, the company needed to adapt its business model and consolidate its various business systems, and chose SAP Business One. The ERP solution enables the firm to innovate, reduce time to market and manage the product lifecycle more efficiently. 








 











	        Crown Paints Kenya Ltd.
        

With more than 20 service stations, Olympic Petroleum has expanded since 2010 from Kenya into Uganda, Tanzania, Rwanda, South Sudan and the Democratic Republic of Congo. With SAP Business One, the company can get an accurate snapshot of its inventory and financial position at any moment, which has proved key to the sustained growth of the business.








 











	        Thames & Kosmos 
        

Following expansion into the retail market, Thames & Kosmos, initially a wholesale distributor of scientific educational resources for children, found its accounting system could no longer sustain the growing volume of transactions. After deploying SAP Business One with add-ons for warehouse integration, inventory and credit card processing, the total solution has enabled them to reassess and streamline its business processes and facilitated its ongoing expansion.





Next













View more customer success stories on YouTube


















        Find an industry-specific ERP solution for your SME
    




Take advantage of the extensive industry functionality, best practices, and processes built into SAP Business One. Choose from industry-specific solutions for small and midsize businesses – and get the tools you need to excel in your field.  Don’t see your industry listed below? No need to worry. SAP Business One is designed to work with small and mid-size businesses across all industries.




Consumer Products




Align every aspect of your operations to the needs of modern consumers – with SAP Business One software for the consumer products industry. Anticipate, plan, and manage demand – and deliver the consumer goods and products shoppers crave.

CRM – Improve customer loyalty using up-to-date sales and marketing data, forecasts, order history, and promotion tracking
End-to-end business management – Get full visibility into your business, from profitability and margins to sales, marketing, and CRM
Purchasing support – Use powerful demand forecasting tools to make better, more cost-effective buying decisions 
Supplier control – Protect low margins with a complete view of supplier information, from purchasing to stock management
Order information – View inventory, sales, orders, and pricing as well as products in your distribution, dispatch, and returns pipeline
Head office / subsidiary / supplier integration – Integrate and standardize processes across your business locations

 
2-minute video: Shiseido success story
3-minute video: Boston Organics success story
3-minute video: Daily Greens success story


Collapse




Industrial Machinery and Components




Meet customer demand and develop new revenue streams with SAP Business One for the industrial manufacturing industry. Shrink supply chain costs, accelerate cycle times, minimize scrap and re-work – and ultimately speed time to profit.

End-to-end business management – Get full visibility into your business processes, including accounting, production, sales and marketing, and more
Goods distribution – Minimize stock by efficiently dispatching finished goods to distributors and end-customers
Head office / subsidiary / supplier integration – Integrate and standardize processes across your business locations
Production planning – Optimize yield and increase the efficiency of your production process
Supplier control – Increase visibility and control of supplier information, from component purchasing to stock management
Inventory management – View and report on component supplies in production and finished goods
Order information – Improve visibility into sales, orders, pricing, and products in your warehouses and dispatch
CRM – Access up-to-date sales and marketing information, forecasts, and customer order history

 
3-minute video: C.R. Daniels, Inc. success story
3-minute video: VELUX success story


Collapse




Professional Services




Deliver consistent, high-value services to your clients with SAP Business One software for professional services and consulting firms. Establish a repeatable process for service delivery – and improve resource planning, project management, billing, and more.

End-to-end business management – Get full visibility into opportunity and bid management, resourcing, billing, project management, sales and marketing, and more
CRM – Access up-to-date sales and marketing information, forecasts, and order history – and zero-in on profitable customers with repeat business opportunities
Resource supply management – Identify qualified and available employees, recruits, and contingent workers – and optimize overall resource management
Business process management – Manage end-to-end business processes for selling services, scheduling resources, delivering projects, invoicing, and more

 
3-minute video: Chip & PIN Solutions success story


Collapse




Retail




Give consumers the products, information, and personalized shopping experiences they want – across any channel – with SAP Business One for retail. Harness real-time customer and POS insights, engage shoppers, and optimize everything from merchandising to your supply chain.

CRM – Get easy access to up-to-date sales and marketing information, forecasts, and order history
End-to-end business management – Maximize visibility into profitability and margins, sales, marketing, inventory, and more
Purchasing support – Use accurate forecasts to make better, more cost-effective buying decisions
Supplier control – Improve visibility into supplier information, including purchasing and stock management
Order information – View inventory, sales, orders, and pricing as well as products in the distribution, dispatch, and returns pipeline 
Head office / subsidiary / supplier integration – Integrate and standardize processes across your business locations

 
4-minute video: Pylones success story
3-minute video: QALO success story
3-minute video: Huber’s Butchery success story


Collapse




Wholesale Distribution




Proactively meet customer and supplier demand with SAP Business One for wholesale distribution. Improve everything from demand planning to inventory and supply chain management – and run flexible, tightly integrated processes to achieve operational excellence.

End-to-end visibility – Get full visibility into your business, including accounts, inventory, sales order processing, invoicing, and deliveries
Supply chain and supplier management – Streamline your supply chain processes, and build and manage your supplier network
Chargeback management – Increase profitability with smarter, more efficient chargeback management
Ordering and order processing – Improve the overall customer experience with multi-channel ordering and fast order processing
Reporting – Create fast, accurate reports on inbound and outbound shipments, inventory, and item locations

 
3-minute video: Compass Distribution success story


Collapse
















        Product capabilities
    



Functional Capabilities


Accounting and financial management




Streamline and automate financial management with business software that integrates accounting, sales, and purchasing data. Get ready to improve margins, reduce errors, and drive more profitable decision making.
Financial Management with SAP Business One



Collapse




Customer relationship management (CRM)




Convert more prospects, keep customers satisfied, and maximize revenue. Our integrated CRM tools support all of your sales, service, and marketing activities – from managing campaigns to tracking leads to administering after sales support.
Managing Customer Relationships with SAP Business One


Collapse




Warehouse and production management




Manage inventory across multiple warehouses in real-time and maintain cost-effective production. Our small business software can help you track and record stock movements, optimize inventory levels, improve on-time delivery, and even make stock-outs a thing of the past.
Warehouse and Inventory Management with SAP Business One


Collapse




Purchasing and procurement




Find new ways to save by optimizing your entire purchasing process – from planning and order creation to vendor selection, invoicing, and payments.
Procurement Management with SAP Business One


Collapse




Reporting and analytics




Empower employees to get answers to their most pressing questions in real time – with quick and easy access to intuitive business intelligence (BI), analytics, and reporting.
Unlock valuable business insights
SAP Business One version for SAP HANA puts as-it-happens business insights into decision makers’ hands, to help them define and focus on the right priorities. With a single platform for analytics and transactions, you can solve the seemingly unsolvable with real-time simulation and planning, and measurably boost the performance of all your key business processes.
Read the solution brief


Collapse




Integration solutions




Need to integrate your business processes with company headquarters, partners, or other applications and services? Explore SAP Business One integration solutions for growing and global organizations.
Automating Intercompany Transactions with SAP Business One


Collapse





































                                        Experience SAP Business One Cloud
                                    

Take SAP Business One Cloud for a spin. Explore different business scenarios and experience the intuitive functionality firsthand.  
Read the solution brief




                                        Get started now 
                                    









































SAP Business One in 60 seconds

Simplify life at work with a single system — SAP Business One. Your business — simply under control. See how it works in under a minute.




Watch the 60-second video

























Making digital transformation real

Small and medium business decision makers need to adapt their businesses to keep pace with new technologies and rising customer expectations. In this ebook, SMB Group, a technology industry research, analysis and consulting firm, examines how SMBs can deliver new customer experiences, generate new or increased value streams, and create new business models. 




Read the ebook

























SAP Business One: The next 20 years

SAP Business One is a mature solution. But unlike many of its competitors of similar vintage, it has continued to evolve over the years. The depth and breadth of functionality and the underlying technical architecture is a far cry from its humble beginnings. But the SAP Business One of the future will look, feel and be something different than it is today. Read the report by Mint Jutras to find out how it is becoming more than just ERP.




Read the white paper






















        Licensing and purchasing options
    




It's easy to get started with SAP Business One. The modular structure of SAP software licenses allows you to license and pay for the number of users that you require at any given time. This means that you can start with what your organization needs today and add more users as your needs change.  
Find a partner: SAP Business One is sold and implemented through a global network of SAP channel partners. To find one near you, please use our Partner Finder. Or contact SAP and we can help find the right channel partner for your needs.
SAP Store: SAP and our partners offer more than 500 prepackaged, fully integrated solutions covering industry-specific and other processes for SAP Business One. Visit the SAP Store to see a selection of these solutions.
 













        Explore additional SAP Business One offerings
    




SAP Business One Cloud is cloud-based ERP at its best – making it easier and more affordable to manage all your critical business processes.

SAP Business One, version for SAP HANA delivers the integrated financial, CRM, and supply chain features you’d expect in an ERP application – supercharged with in-memory technology.
SAP Business One analytics powered by SAP HANA helps you drive informed decision making across your company with affordable analytics fueled by our market-leading in-memory platform, SAP HANA.

SAP Business One mobile app delivers secure, on-the-go access to your back-office information and processes – so you can run your business from anywhere, on your favorite Apple or Android device.
SAP Business One starter package offers the best features of the solution at a reduced price – and makes it easy to upgrade to the full version at any time. Ideal for companies that are small today and planning to grow.













 



            Related solutions
        








SAP Lumira






SAP Crystal Solutions























        Support and training
    





Troubleshoot & Maintain





Use the Support Launchpad for SAP Business One** to report an incident, search for SAP Notes, request license keys, manage your users and systems, and much more.  
Discover the SAP Business One Support Offering
Access SAP Business One documentation



Collapse




Ask the Community





SAP Community for SAP Business One



Collapse




Learning Resources





Visit the SAP Business One Academy
Get in-depth SAP Business One feature information



Collapse
















Connect with us




Previous




















Show more






















Show more

Show more on Twitter







Next











SAP Business One channel on YouTube









SAP Business One on LinkedIn

























Back to top










Portfolio of Applications, Software and Platforms  |  SAP


















































Javascript must be enabled for the correct page display



Skip to Content




















Search

















Log On







Choose your country or region




Global


About SAP SE: English


Über SAP SE: Deutsch




Americas


Argentina
Bolivia
Brasil
Canada - English
Canada - Français
Chile
Colombia


Costa Rica
Ecuador
El Salvador
Guatemala
Honduras
Latin America
México


Panamá
Perú
Puerto Rico
República Dominicana
United States
Venezuela




Europe


Albanija
Belgique
België
Bosna i Hercegovina
Crna Gora
Danmark
Deutschland
Eesti
España
France
Hrvatska
Ireland
Italia
Latvija
Lietuva


Magyarország
Makedonija
Nederland
Norge
Österreich
Polska
Portugal
Romania
Schweiz
Slovenija
Slovensko
Srbija
Suisse
Suomi
Sverige


Türkiye
United Kingdom
Česká republika
Ελλάδα και Κύπρος
Азербайджан
Армения
Беларусь
България
Грузия
Молдавия
Россия
СНГ
Украина








Middle East and Africa


Africa
Angola
Bahrain
Egypt
Iraq
Jordan
Kenya
Kuwait
Lebanon
Libya
MENA
MENA (‏العربية‎)
Morocco
Nigeria


Oman
Pakistan
Palestine
Qatar
Saudi Arabia
South Africa
United Arab Emirates
Yemen
ישראל
الأردن‎
الامارات العربية المتحدة
البحرين
الجمهورية اليمنية
العـراق


الكويت
اسلامی جمہوریۂ پاكستان
المملكة العربية السعودية
عُمان
فلسطين‎
قطر
لبنان‎
ليبيا
مصر




Asia Pacific


Australia
Hongkong
India
Indonesia
Malaysia
New Zealand
Philippines
Singapore


South East Asia
Thailand
Việt Nam
Казахстан
Киргизия
Таджикистан
Туркменистан
Узбекистан


中国
台灣
日本
대한민국



















United States









Tell us what you think!

What describes your role best?


Shareholder



Analyst



Press



Customer



SAP Employee



Other




How would you rate the 2016 Integrated Report?


Excellent

Very Good

Good

Fair

Poor



How easily did you find the information you were looking for?


Very easy

Easy

Neutral

Difficult

Very difficult





Any additional comments?





Send your Feedback





Thank You!


Close





















Search






























































            Contact Us
        



Close


Call us at

+1-800-872-1727


Or see our complete list of  

local country numbers




















                            Chat Now
                        

                            Chat Offline
                        
Get live help and chat with an SAP representative.



Chat now
















Contact Us
E-mail us with comments, questions or feedback.
































Home








All
Products





















<




                    Overview
                



                    Products A-Z
                




>





Overview


Products A-Z 


More 







                            Overview
                            
                        



                            Products A-Z
                            
                        




















Portfolio Categories


Explore our comprehensive solutions for all business processes across all industries to find the solutions you need to run your business better, faster, and simpler enterprise-wide.












ERP and Digital Core



SAP S/4HANA and ERP for Large Enterprises


ERP for Midsize Companies


ERP for Small Businesses









Cloud and Data Platforms



SAP Cloud Platform


SAP HANA Platform and Databases


Data Warehousing


Big Data


Enterprise Information Management


Application Integration and Infrastructure









Procurement and Networks



Supplier Management


Strategic Sourcing


Procurement


Services Procurement and External Workforce


Selling and Fulfillment









Analytics



Business Intelligence


Enterprise Performance Management


Predictive Analytics











Customer Engagement and Commerce



Marketing


Sales


Service


Commerce


Revenue









IoT and Digital Supply Chain



Supply Chain


Internet of Things (IoT)


Manufacturing


R&D / Engineering


Asset Management









Human Resources (HR)



Core HR and Payroll


Time and Attendance Management


Recruiting and Onboarding


Learning and Development


Performance and Compensation


Workforce Planning and Analytics









Finance



Governance, Risk, and Compliance


Financial Planning and Analysis


Accounting and Financial Close


Treasury Management


Payables and Receivables


Real Estate Management


Travel and Expense











item_2094075296010item_9982801520933item_6822533577953item_1493716560392item_1493716570390item_1493716573127item_1493716575871item_1493716578358







Explore all products from A-Z












Featured Products


Find the right products to enable digital transformation across your enterprise and run business-critical processes quickly and securely in the cloud – today and as your business needs evolve.


























Previous







SAP S4HANA Cloud product image




















Next







SAP S/4HANA Cloud

Run a live business with our next-generation cloud ERP suite. Designed for in-memory computing, SAP S/4HANA Cloud acts as a digital core, connecting your enterprise with people, business networks, the Internet of Things, Big Data, and more, with the scalability and security you expect in the cloud.




SAP S/4HANA Cloud































Previous







SAP S4HANA product image




















Next










SAP S/4HANA Enterprise Management

Improve decision making and increase productivity with a digital core that supports all your mission-critical business processes. Built on the SAP HANA platform, the SAP S/4HANA Enterprise Management solution is designed with the SAP Fiori user experience and delivered in the cloud and on premise.




SAP S/4HANA Enterprise Management





























Previous







SAP Cloud Platform displayed on a laptop




















Next










SAP Cloud Platform

Build and deploy apps quickly with our cloud platform-as-a-service (PaaS). With SAP Cloud Platform, you can deliver secure business apps that integrate and optimize your IT landscape, drive agility, and accelerate digital transformation – in weeks, instead of years.




SAP Cloud Platform

















Previous
Next




SAP HANA

Accelerate business processes, deliver more business intelligence, and simplify your IT environment with our in-memory data platform that provides the foundation for all your data needs.



SAP HANA










Concur Expense

Integrate travel spend, ERP, accounting, and card data into a single, cloud-based and mobile system that manages the entire expense process – from spend requests to reconciliation.



Concur Expense










SAP Ariba Strategic Sourcing Suite

Manage sourcing and suppliers across all spend categories with a single closed-loop, source-to-contract suite of solutions that handles the advanced requirements of direct materials sourcing. 



SAP Ariba Strategic Sourcing Suite












SAP BusinessObjects Business Intelligence

Increase responsiveness, reduce IT costs and workload, and drive better decision making by providing easy, self-service access to insights on a unified platform for data and analytics.



SAP BusinessObjects Business Intelligence










SAP Hybris Commerce

Deliver exceptional, seamless customer experiences by integrating all digital and physical customer touchpoints – including online, mobile, call center, and social media – onto a single platform.



SAP Hybris Commerce










SAP SuccessFactors Employee Central

Transform the work experience with a cloud-based, multilingual solution that serves as a “system of record” for people- and HR-related data, as well as a platform for streamlining core HR processes.



SAP SuccessFactors Employee Central

























Technology and Innovation


In the digital age, business leaders must stay on top of new, emerging, and future technologies or risk falling behind. But where do you start? Explore the latest digital trends to determine the best opportunities for your company.









Previous
Next










Big Data

Big Data continues to explode in volume and variety, and companies must keep up. Learn about the latest Big Data tech trends, including real-time analytics and AI – and find out what they can do for business. 



Big Data















Blockchain

Blockchain has the potential to majorly disrupt every industry. This distributed ledger technology goes far beyond cryptocurrencies to include everything from land titles and intellectual property to votes. 



Blockchain















Cloud Computing

From SaaS and PaaS to private and hybrid – learn more about cloud technology and its benefits. You can also investigate the latest cloud trends and hot topics, such as security and public cloud options.



Cloud Computing

















Digital Business

Traditional business models are being radically disrupted in the digital economy. Discover what it takes to be a digital business – and learn about the innovative technologies driving digital transformation.



Digital Business















Internet of Things

The Internet of Things (IoT) is connecting machines to machines (M2M) and machines to people in nearly every industry. Explore this world of networks – including the IIoT and Internet of Everything (IoE).



Internet of Things















Machine Learning

Artificial intelligence (AI), machine learning, and deep learning are powering a new breed of software innovation. See how the technology can harness an ocean of Big Data to create business opportunities.



Machine Learning

















Mobile

Enterprise mobility is a key component of any digital strategy. See how you can engage your employees, customers, and stakeholders in new and innovative ways with SAP’s mobile technology and business apps.



Mobile















Small and Midsize Businesses

Small and midsize businesses are inherently agile – so they can often adopt emerging technologies ahead of larger companies. See how SMEs are embracing digital disruption and new IT trends with SAP.



Small and Midsize Businesses


































Back to top






List of SAP products - Wikipedia





















 






List of SAP products

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

This presents a partial list of products of the enterprise software company SAP SE

SAP

Customer Relationship Management (CRM)
Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP)
Product Lifecycle Management (PLM)
Supply Chain Management (SCM)
Supplier Relationship Management (SRM)






Contents


1 Business Solutions
2 Industry Solutions
3 Solutions for Small and Midsize Enterprises
4 Platforms and frameworks

4.1 Legacy Platforms


5 Others



Business Solutions[edit]

SAP Advanced Planner and Optimizer (APO)
SAP Analytics
SAP Advanced Business Application Programming (ABAP)
SAP Apparel and Footwear Solution (AFS)
SAP Business Information Warehouse (BW)
SAP Business Partner Screening
SAP Business Intelligence (BI)
SAP Catalog Content Management ()
SAP Convergent Charging (CC)
SAP PRD2(P2)
SAP Enterprise Buyer Professional (EBP)
SAP Enterprise Learning
SAP Portal (EP)
SAP Exchange Infrastructure (XI) (From release 7.0 onwards, SAP XI has been renamed as SAP Process Integration (SAP PI))
SAP Extended Warehouse Management (EWM)
SAP GRC (Governance, Risk and Compliance)
SAP EHSM (Environment Health Safety Management)
Enterprise Central Component (ECC)
SAP ERP
SAP HANA (formerly known as High-performance Analytics Appliance)
SAP Human Resource Management Systems (HRMS)
SAP SuccessFactors
SAP Internet Transaction Server (ITS)
SAP Incentive and Commission Management (ICM)
SAP Knowledge Warehouse (KW)
SAP Manufacturing
SAP Master Data Management (MDM)
SAP Rapid Deployment Solutions (RDS)
SAP Service and Asset Management
SAP Supply Network Collaboration (SNC)
SAP Solutions for mobile business
SAP Solution Composer
SAP Strategic Enterprise Management (SEM)
SAP Test Data Migration Server (TDMS)
SAP Training and Event Management (TEM)
SAP NetWeaver Application Server (Web AS)
SAP xApps
SAP Supply Chain Performance Management (SCPM)
SAP Supply Chain Management (SCM)
SAP Sustainability Performance Management (SUPM)
SAP S/4HANA

Industry Solutions[edit]

SAP for Retail
SAP for Utilities (ISU)
SAP for Public Sector (IS PSCD)
SAP for Oil & Gas (IS Oil & Gas)
SAP for Media (ISM)
SAP for Telecommunications (IST)
SAP for Healthcare (ISH)
SAP Banking (SAP Banking)
SAP for Insurance (SAP for Insurance)
SAP Financial Services Network (FSN)
SAP Shipping Services Network (SSN)
Engineering Construction & Operations (EC&O)
SAP IS Airlines & Defense

Solutions for Small and Midsize Enterprises[edit]

SAP Anywhere
SAP Business One (6.2, 6.5, 2004, 2005, 2007, 8.8x, 9.0)
SAP Business ByDesign

Platforms and frameworks[edit]

SAP Enterprise Services Architecture
SAP NetWeaver Platform

SAP NetWeaver Portal (formerly SAP Enterprise Portal)
SAP NetWeaver BI (formerly SAP NetWeaver BW- "BW" is still used to describe the underlying data warehouse area and accelerator components)
SAP NetWeaver Visual Composer
SAP Auto-ID Infrastructure
SAP Composite Application Framework
SAP NetWeaver Development Infrastructure
SAP NetWeaver Identity Management
SAP NetWeaver Single Sign-On


SAP Business Connector (deprecated/removed from product range)
SAP HANA

Legacy Platforms[edit]

SAP R/2
SAP R/3
SAP S/4HANA

Others[edit]

OpenUI5
SAP CCMS, monitoring program
SAPgui
eCATT
SAP Central Process Scheduling, process automation and job scheduler
SAP Fiori for mobile devices announced on May 2013
SAP Solution Manager
Sybase ASE
SAP Ariba
SAP Fieldglass
Concur
SAP Hybris





 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=List_of_SAP_products&oldid=791021770"					
Categories: Lists of softwareSAP SE 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages



Add links 





 This page was last edited on 17 July 2017, at 16:38.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









List of SAP products - Wikipedia





















 






List of SAP products

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

This presents a partial list of products of the enterprise software company SAP SE

SAP

Customer Relationship Management (CRM)
Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP)
Product Lifecycle Management (PLM)
Supply Chain Management (SCM)
Supplier Relationship Management (SRM)






Contents


1 Business Solutions
2 Industry Solutions
3 Solutions for Small and Midsize Enterprises
4 Platforms and frameworks

4.1 Legacy Platforms


5 Others



Business Solutions[edit]

SAP Advanced Planner and Optimizer (APO)
SAP Analytics
SAP Advanced Business Application Programming (ABAP)
SAP Apparel and Footwear Solution (AFS)
SAP Business Information Warehouse (BW)
SAP Business Partner Screening
SAP Business Intelligence (BI)
SAP Catalog Content Management ()
SAP Convergent Charging (CC)
SAP PRD2(P2)
SAP Enterprise Buyer Professional (EBP)
SAP Enterprise Learning
SAP Portal (EP)
SAP Exchange Infrastructure (XI) (From release 7.0 onwards, SAP XI has been renamed as SAP Process Integration (SAP PI))
SAP Extended Warehouse Management (EWM)
SAP GRC (Governance, Risk and Compliance)
SAP EHSM (Environment Health Safety Management)
Enterprise Central Component (ECC)
SAP ERP
SAP HANA (formerly known as High-performance Analytics Appliance)
SAP Human Resource Management Systems (HRMS)
SAP SuccessFactors
SAP Internet Transaction Server (ITS)
SAP Incentive and Commission Management (ICM)
SAP Knowledge Warehouse (KW)
SAP Manufacturing
SAP Master Data Management (MDM)
SAP Rapid Deployment Solutions (RDS)
SAP Service and Asset Management
SAP Supply Network Collaboration (SNC)
SAP Solutions for mobile business
SAP Solution Composer
SAP Strategic Enterprise Management (SEM)
SAP Test Data Migration Server (TDMS)
SAP Training and Event Management (TEM)
SAP NetWeaver Application Server (Web AS)
SAP xApps
SAP Supply Chain Performance Management (SCPM)
SAP Supply Chain Management (SCM)
SAP Sustainability Performance Management (SUPM)
SAP S/4HANA

Industry Solutions[edit]

SAP for Retail
SAP for Utilities (ISU)
SAP for Public Sector (IS PSCD)
SAP for Oil & Gas (IS Oil & Gas)
SAP for Media (ISM)
SAP for Telecommunications (IST)
SAP for Healthcare (ISH)
SAP Banking (SAP Banking)
SAP for Insurance (SAP for Insurance)
SAP Financial Services Network (FSN)
SAP Shipping Services Network (SSN)
Engineering Construction & Operations (EC&O)
SAP IS Airlines & Defense

Solutions for Small and Midsize Enterprises[edit]

SAP Anywhere
SAP Business One (6.2, 6.5, 2004, 2005, 2007, 8.8x, 9.0)
SAP Business ByDesign

Platforms and frameworks[edit]

SAP Enterprise Services Architecture
SAP NetWeaver Platform

SAP NetWeaver Portal (formerly SAP Enterprise Portal)
SAP NetWeaver BI (formerly SAP NetWeaver BW- "BW" is still used to describe the underlying data warehouse area and accelerator components)
SAP NetWeaver Visual Composer
SAP Auto-ID Infrastructure
SAP Composite Application Framework
SAP NetWeaver Development Infrastructure
SAP NetWeaver Identity Management
SAP NetWeaver Single Sign-On


SAP Business Connector (deprecated/removed from product range)
SAP HANA

Legacy Platforms[edit]

SAP R/2
SAP R/3
SAP S/4HANA

Others[edit]

OpenUI5
SAP CCMS, monitoring program
SAPgui
eCATT
SAP Central Process Scheduling, process automation and job scheduler
SAP Fiori for mobile devices announced on May 2013
SAP Solution Manager
Sybase ASE
SAP Ariba
SAP Fieldglass
Concur
SAP Hybris





 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=List_of_SAP_products&oldid=791021770"					
Categories: Lists of softwareSAP SE 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages



Add links 





 This page was last edited on 17 July 2017, at 16:38.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









List of SAP products - Wikipedia





















 






List of SAP products

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

This presents a partial list of products of the enterprise software company SAP SE

SAP

Customer Relationship Management (CRM)
Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP)
Product Lifecycle Management (PLM)
Supply Chain Management (SCM)
Supplier Relationship Management (SRM)






Contents


1 Business Solutions
2 Industry Solutions
3 Solutions for Small and Midsize Enterprises
4 Platforms and frameworks

4.1 Legacy Platforms


5 Others



Business Solutions[edit]

SAP Advanced Planner and Optimizer (APO)
SAP Analytics
SAP Advanced Business Application Programming (ABAP)
SAP Apparel and Footwear Solution (AFS)
SAP Business Information Warehouse (BW)
SAP Business Partner Screening
SAP Business Intelligence (BI)
SAP Catalog Content Management ()
SAP Convergent Charging (CC)
SAP PRD2(P2)
SAP Enterprise Buyer Professional (EBP)
SAP Enterprise Learning
SAP Portal (EP)
SAP Exchange Infrastructure (XI) (From release 7.0 onwards, SAP XI has been renamed as SAP Process Integration (SAP PI))
SAP Extended Warehouse Management (EWM)
SAP GRC (Governance, Risk and Compliance)
SAP EHSM (Environment Health Safety Management)
Enterprise Central Component (ECC)
SAP ERP
SAP HANA (formerly known as High-performance Analytics Appliance)
SAP Human Resource Management Systems (HRMS)
SAP SuccessFactors
SAP Internet Transaction Server (ITS)
SAP Incentive and Commission Management (ICM)
SAP Knowledge Warehouse (KW)
SAP Manufacturing
SAP Master Data Management (MDM)
SAP Rapid Deployment Solutions (RDS)
SAP Service and Asset Management
SAP Supply Network Collaboration (SNC)
SAP Solutions for mobile business
SAP Solution Composer
SAP Strategic Enterprise Management (SEM)
SAP Test Data Migration Server (TDMS)
SAP Training and Event Management (TEM)
SAP NetWeaver Application Server (Web AS)
SAP xApps
SAP Supply Chain Performance Management (SCPM)
SAP Supply Chain Management (SCM)
SAP Sustainability Performance Management (SUPM)
SAP S/4HANA

Industry Solutions[edit]

SAP for Retail
SAP for Utilities (ISU)
SAP for Public Sector (IS PSCD)
SAP for Oil & Gas (IS Oil & Gas)
SAP for Media (ISM)
SAP for Telecommunications (IST)
SAP for Healthcare (ISH)
SAP Banking (SAP Banking)
SAP for Insurance (SAP for Insurance)
SAP Financial Services Network (FSN)
SAP Shipping Services Network (SSN)
Engineering Construction & Operations (EC&O)
SAP IS Airlines & Defense

Solutions for Small and Midsize Enterprises[edit]

SAP Anywhere
SAP Business One (6.2, 6.5, 2004, 2005, 2007, 8.8x, 9.0)
SAP Business ByDesign

Platforms and frameworks[edit]

SAP Enterprise Services Architecture
SAP NetWeaver Platform

SAP NetWeaver Portal (formerly SAP Enterprise Portal)
SAP NetWeaver BI (formerly SAP NetWeaver BW- "BW" is still used to describe the underlying data warehouse area and accelerator components)
SAP NetWeaver Visual Composer
SAP Auto-ID Infrastructure
SAP Composite Application Framework
SAP NetWeaver Development Infrastructure
SAP NetWeaver Identity Management
SAP NetWeaver Single Sign-On


SAP Business Connector (deprecated/removed from product range)
SAP HANA

Legacy Platforms[edit]

SAP R/2
SAP R/3
SAP S/4HANA

Others[edit]

OpenUI5
SAP CCMS, monitoring program
SAPgui
eCATT
SAP Central Process Scheduling, process automation and job scheduler
SAP Fiori for mobile devices announced on May 2013
SAP Solution Manager
Sybase ASE
SAP Ariba
SAP Fieldglass
Concur
SAP Hybris





 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=List_of_SAP_products&oldid=791021770"					
Categories: Lists of softwareSAP SE 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages



Add links 





 This page was last edited on 17 July 2017, at 16:38.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









List of SAP products - Wikipedia





















 






List of SAP products

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

This presents a partial list of products of the enterprise software company SAP SE

SAP

Customer Relationship Management (CRM)
Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP)
Product Lifecycle Management (PLM)
Supply Chain Management (SCM)
Supplier Relationship Management (SRM)






Contents


1 Business Solutions
2 Industry Solutions
3 Solutions for Small and Midsize Enterprises
4 Platforms and frameworks

4.1 Legacy Platforms


5 Others



Business Solutions[edit]

SAP Advanced Planner and Optimizer (APO)
SAP Analytics
SAP Advanced Business Application Programming (ABAP)
SAP Apparel and Footwear Solution (AFS)
SAP Business Information Warehouse (BW)
SAP Business Partner Screening
SAP Business Intelligence (BI)
SAP Catalog Content Management ()
SAP Convergent Charging (CC)
SAP PRD2(P2)
SAP Enterprise Buyer Professional (EBP)
SAP Enterprise Learning
SAP Portal (EP)
SAP Exchange Infrastructure (XI) (From release 7.0 onwards, SAP XI has been renamed as SAP Process Integration (SAP PI))
SAP Extended Warehouse Management (EWM)
SAP GRC (Governance, Risk and Compliance)
SAP EHSM (Environment Health Safety Management)
Enterprise Central Component (ECC)
SAP ERP
SAP HANA (formerly known as High-performance Analytics Appliance)
SAP Human Resource Management Systems (HRMS)
SAP SuccessFactors
SAP Internet Transaction Server (ITS)
SAP Incentive and Commission Management (ICM)
SAP Knowledge Warehouse (KW)
SAP Manufacturing
SAP Master Data Management (MDM)
SAP Rapid Deployment Solutions (RDS)
SAP Service and Asset Management
SAP Supply Network Collaboration (SNC)
SAP Solutions for mobile business
SAP Solution Composer
SAP Strategic Enterprise Management (SEM)
SAP Test Data Migration Server (TDMS)
SAP Training and Event Management (TEM)
SAP NetWeaver Application Server (Web AS)
SAP xApps
SAP Supply Chain Performance Management (SCPM)
SAP Supply Chain Management (SCM)
SAP Sustainability Performance Management (SUPM)
SAP S/4HANA

Industry Solutions[edit]

SAP for Retail
SAP for Utilities (ISU)
SAP for Public Sector (IS PSCD)
SAP for Oil & Gas (IS Oil & Gas)
SAP for Media (ISM)
SAP for Telecommunications (IST)
SAP for Healthcare (ISH)
SAP Banking (SAP Banking)
SAP for Insurance (SAP for Insurance)
SAP Financial Services Network (FSN)
SAP Shipping Services Network (SSN)
Engineering Construction & Operations (EC&O)
SAP IS Airlines & Defense

Solutions for Small and Midsize Enterprises[edit]

SAP Anywhere
SAP Business One (6.2, 6.5, 2004, 2005, 2007, 8.8x, 9.0)
SAP Business ByDesign

Platforms and frameworks[edit]

SAP Enterprise Services Architecture
SAP NetWeaver Platform

SAP NetWeaver Portal (formerly SAP Enterprise Portal)
SAP NetWeaver BI (formerly SAP NetWeaver BW- "BW" is still used to describe the underlying data warehouse area and accelerator components)
SAP NetWeaver Visual Composer
SAP Auto-ID Infrastructure
SAP Composite Application Framework
SAP NetWeaver Development Infrastructure
SAP NetWeaver Identity Management
SAP NetWeaver Single Sign-On


SAP Business Connector (deprecated/removed from product range)
SAP HANA

Legacy Platforms[edit]

SAP R/2
SAP R/3
SAP S/4HANA

Others[edit]

OpenUI5
SAP CCMS, monitoring program
SAPgui
eCATT
SAP Central Process Scheduling, process automation and job scheduler
SAP Fiori for mobile devices announced on May 2013
SAP Solution Manager
Sybase ASE
SAP Ariba
SAP Fieldglass
Concur
SAP Hybris





 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=List_of_SAP_products&oldid=791021770"					
Categories: Lists of softwareSAP SE 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages



Add links 





 This page was last edited on 17 July 2017, at 16:38.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









List of SAP products - Wikipedia





















 






List of SAP products

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

This presents a partial list of products of the enterprise software company SAP SE

SAP

Customer Relationship Management (CRM)
Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP)
Product Lifecycle Management (PLM)
Supply Chain Management (SCM)
Supplier Relationship Management (SRM)






Contents


1 Business Solutions
2 Industry Solutions
3 Solutions for Small and Midsize Enterprises
4 Platforms and frameworks

4.1 Legacy Platforms


5 Others



Business Solutions[edit]

SAP Advanced Planner and Optimizer (APO)
SAP Analytics
SAP Advanced Business Application Programming (ABAP)
SAP Apparel and Footwear Solution (AFS)
SAP Business Information Warehouse (BW)
SAP Business Partner Screening
SAP Business Intelligence (BI)
SAP Catalog Content Management ()
SAP Convergent Charging (CC)
SAP PRD2(P2)
SAP Enterprise Buyer Professional (EBP)
SAP Enterprise Learning
SAP Portal (EP)
SAP Exchange Infrastructure (XI) (From release 7.0 onwards, SAP XI has been renamed as SAP Process Integration (SAP PI))
SAP Extended Warehouse Management (EWM)
SAP GRC (Governance, Risk and Compliance)
SAP EHSM (Environment Health Safety Management)
Enterprise Central Component (ECC)
SAP ERP
SAP HANA (formerly known as High-performance Analytics Appliance)
SAP Human Resource Management Systems (HRMS)
SAP SuccessFactors
SAP Internet Transaction Server (ITS)
SAP Incentive and Commission Management (ICM)
SAP Knowledge Warehouse (KW)
SAP Manufacturing
SAP Master Data Management (MDM)
SAP Rapid Deployment Solutions (RDS)
SAP Service and Asset Management
SAP Supply Network Collaboration (SNC)
SAP Solutions for mobile business
SAP Solution Composer
SAP Strategic Enterprise Management (SEM)
SAP Test Data Migration Server (TDMS)
SAP Training and Event Management (TEM)
SAP NetWeaver Application Server (Web AS)
SAP xApps
SAP Supply Chain Performance Management (SCPM)
SAP Supply Chain Management (SCM)
SAP Sustainability Performance Management (SUPM)
SAP S/4HANA

Industry Solutions[edit]

SAP for Retail
SAP for Utilities (ISU)
SAP for Public Sector (IS PSCD)
SAP for Oil & Gas (IS Oil & Gas)
SAP for Media (ISM)
SAP for Telecommunications (IST)
SAP for Healthcare (ISH)
SAP Banking (SAP Banking)
SAP for Insurance (SAP for Insurance)
SAP Financial Services Network (FSN)
SAP Shipping Services Network (SSN)
Engineering Construction & Operations (EC&O)
SAP IS Airlines & Defense

Solutions for Small and Midsize Enterprises[edit]

SAP Anywhere
SAP Business One (6.2, 6.5, 2004, 2005, 2007, 8.8x, 9.0)
SAP Business ByDesign

Platforms and frameworks[edit]

SAP Enterprise Services Architecture
SAP NetWeaver Platform

SAP NetWeaver Portal (formerly SAP Enterprise Portal)
SAP NetWeaver BI (formerly SAP NetWeaver BW- "BW" is still used to describe the underlying data warehouse area and accelerator components)
SAP NetWeaver Visual Composer
SAP Auto-ID Infrastructure
SAP Composite Application Framework
SAP NetWeaver Development Infrastructure
SAP NetWeaver Identity Management
SAP NetWeaver Single Sign-On


SAP Business Connector (deprecated/removed from product range)
SAP HANA

Legacy Platforms[edit]

SAP R/2
SAP R/3
SAP S/4HANA

Others[edit]

OpenUI5
SAP CCMS, monitoring program
SAPgui
eCATT
SAP Central Process Scheduling, process automation and job scheduler
SAP Fiori for mobile devices announced on May 2013
SAP Solution Manager
Sybase ASE
SAP Ariba
SAP Fieldglass
Concur
SAP Hybris





 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=List_of_SAP_products&oldid=791021770"					
Categories: Lists of softwareSAP SE 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages



Add links 





 This page was last edited on 17 July 2017, at 16:38.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 













SAP Help Portal




































































































































































































mySAPPLM_04 | Sap Se | Product Lifecycle















 





ExploreUploadSign inJoinclose user settings menuOptionsJoinSign InUpload




mySAPPLM_04Uploaded by Nenad BulićRelated InterestsSap SeProduct LifecycleInnovationProduction And ManufacturingIndustriesRating and Stats0.0 (0)Document ActionsDownloadShare or Embed DocumentEmbedDescription: mySAP PLMView MoremySAP PLMCopyright: © All Rights ReservedList price: $0.00Download as PDF, TXT or read online from ScribdFlag for inappropriate content
Recommended DocumentsDocuments Similar To mySAPPLM_04PLM220_EN_Col62.pdfby SryazanPLM300_63_WMby Francisco MacielSAPPLM - MySAP Product Lifecycle Management (MySAP_PLM) Overviewby aseelDocuments About Sap SeIT / Operations Analyst Resume Sampleby resume7.comClouding IP LLCby PriorSmartSap Hana is Truly a Game Changerby International Journal for Scientific Research and DevelopmentMore From Nenad BulićCenik Wellis Spas 2014by Nenad BulićTriesteby Nenad BulićTriesteby Nenad Bulić
Screen Reader Compatibility InformationDue to the method this document is displayed on the page, screen readers may not read the content correctly. For a better experience, please download the original document and view it in the native application on your computer.


 



















































You're Reading a Free Preview

                    Pages   4  to  60  are not shown in this preview.  
              



Buy the Full Version





































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































You're Reading a Free Preview

                    Pages   64  to  83  are not shown in this preview.  
              



Buy the Full Version














































































































































































































































































You're Reading a Free Preview

                    Pages   87  to  107  are not shown in this preview.  
              



Buy the Full Version

























































































































































































































































































You're Reading a Free Preview

                    Pages   111  to  140  are not shown in this preview.  
              



Buy the Full Version


















































































































































































































































































































































Sign up to vote on this titleUsefulNot usefulClose DialogAre you sure?This action might not be possible to undo. Are you sure you want to continue?CANCELOKClose DialogGet the full title to continueGet the full title to continue reading from where you left off, or restart the preview.Restart preview










What is SAP? - Definition from WhatIs.com















































SearchSAP







Search the TechTarget Network












Home
SAP trends and market projections
Software applications
SAP 









Definition
SAP 












									Posted by: Margaret Rouse

WhatIs.com
















Contributor(s): Tom Payne, Cecil Roets, David Schlanderer, Jawad Akhtar and Diann Daniel










Share this item with your network:

























































SAP SE, a global software company, is one of the largest vendors of ERP and other enterprise applications. The company is headquartered in Walldorf, Germany.





Download this free guide




The Four Dimensions of ERP Consolidation
Organizations today are shouldered with an embarrassment of riches: too many software systems. How to best deal with the dilemma? Consolidation. But the integration challenges are not few in number.
Start Download






Corporate E-mail Address:

You forgot to provide an Email Address.
This email address doesn’t appear to be valid.
This email address is already registered. Please login.
You have exceeded the maximum character limit.
Please provide a Corporate E-mail Address.












By submitting my Email address I confirm that I have read and accepted the Terms of Use and Declaration of Consent.




 By submitting your personal information, you agree that TechTarget and its partners may contact you regarding relevant content, products and special offers. 

You also agree that your personal information may be transferred and processed in the United States, and that you have read and agree to the Terms of Use and the Privacy Policy.

















According to its 2016 corporate fact sheet, SAP serves more than 335,000 customers in 190 countries, of which 80% are small- and-medium sized businesses (SMB). The latter fact is a more recent departure from the company's previous focus on large organizations.
According to SAP, 75% of all global business transactions come in contact with an SAP system. The company offers on-premises, cloud and hybrid deployment models, with cloud computing options being the focus for the company's future. On the Forbes 2016 list of "The World's Biggest Public Companies," SAP was ranked the third-largest software and programming company, behind Microsoft (1) and Oracle (2).
SAP's ERP system enables companies to run their business processes, be they accounting, sales, production, human resources or payment, in an integrated environment. The integration ensures that information flows from one SAP component to another without the need for redundant data entry, and it helps enforce financial, process and legal controls. SAP's ERP system also facilitates effective utilization of resources (the R in ERP), be it machines, production capacities, manpower or other assets of an enterprise (the E in ERP) through detailed planning (the P in ERP) of resources. 

History of SAP
SAP was started in 1972 by five former IBM employees in Mannheim, Germany. The original name for SAP, Systeme, Anwendungen, Produkte, is German for "Systems, Applications and Products." The original idea for SAP was to provide customers with the ability to interact with a common corporate database for a comprehensive range of applications in real time.
In 1973, SAP released R/1, a financial accounting system. R/1 ran on IBM servers and DOS, and it had a single-tier architecture in which presentation, applications and data were on one platform.
In 1979, SAP released R/2, a mainframe system that provided real-time data processing across accounting, manufacturing, supply chain and human resources. R/2 used a two-tier architecture, where presentation was on one platform and applications and data were on another. R/2 helped power SAP's growth, and the vendor expanded its customer base to about 200 companies.
In 1992, SAP released R/3, which represented a switch from mainframe computing to the client-server model, and from a two-tier to a three-tier architecture, in which presentation, applications and data were housed separately. R/3 was a critical product for SAP that launched the company onto the world stage.
In 1999, SAP launched mySAP, which marked a new strategy for the company of focusing on combining e-commerce software with the applications in R/3. One year after R/3's release, SAP partnered with Microsoft to port the new version to Windows NT. By 1997, SAP employed 13,000 people.
In 2004, the company launched SAP NetWeaver, and it reported that more than 1,000 customers acquired the application development platform that year. Also in 2004, the successor to R/3, the SAP ERP system (or SAP ECC, for SAP ERP Central Component) was released. Customers already using R/2 or R/3 were still supported, but new customers were required to implement SAP ERP. By 2005, SAP was generating $8.5 billion, with upwards of 35,800 employees around the globe.
In 2006, the company claimed hefty revenue from SAP Business All-in-One and SAP Business One, its SAP ERP systems for SMBs.
In 2009, SAP Business Suite 7 became available to customers worldwide. At the time, SAP called it "the company's next-generation software suite enabled by service-oriented architecture."




In 2011, the company launched SAP HANA, an in-memory database platform. HANA was a major development project for SAP, and an important new strategic direction for the vendor, which has said it intends HANA to take the place of the traditional databases SAP has used for its business applications. SAP has offered HANA as a deployment option for Business Suite, and, in 2015, released S/4HANA, an ambitious rewrite of Business Suite optimized for the HANA platform.
As of this writing, Bill McDermott is CEO of SAP, a position he has held since May 2014. In the four years prior, McDermott was co-CEO with Jim Hagemann Snabe. Meanwhile, company co-founder Hasso Plattner is a member of the SAP Supervisory Board and continues to help lead the technology strategy for the company.


SAP America
SAP has subsidiaries around the globe, with six geographic regions. In 1988, it changed from a private, limited-liability company to the publicly traded SAP AG (with AG changing to SE in 2014).

The company had first established operations outside Germany in the mid-1980s, but began a global expansion in earnest in the later part of the decade. As part of this, the company established SAP America in Pennsylvania in 1988, eventually moving to its permanent headquarters in Newtown Square, Pa.
At first, the company staffed SAP America with some of its German managers. However, it soon became clear that a staff more aligned with American culture would be more effective, and the company began hiring staff from the United States. SAP America's profits quickly grew with the release of R/3 in 1992, and it soon became the most profitable subsidiary, growing from two U.S. offices to 20 between 1992 and 1995. Today, SAP America serves the largest SAP user base in the world.


List of SAP modules and developing products
The SAP ERP system, or SAP ECC, is the collective term for SAP's functional and technical modules that enable enterprises to manage business processes through a unified system. ECC is the on-premises version of SAP, and it is usually implemented in medium and large-sized companies. For smaller companies, SAP offers its Business One ERP platform.
SAP ERP has different main modules, which are separated into functional modules and technical modules, each of which has submodules.
SAP's functional modules include:

Human Capital Management (HCM)
Production Planning (PP)
Materials Management (MM)
Project System (PS)
Sales and Distribution (SD)
Plant Maintenance (PM)
Financial Accounting (FI)
Quality Management (QM)
Controlling (CO)

SAP also has cross-application components, which can be implemented with any of the main modules.
Some of the cross-application components are:

Document Management System
Classification
Product Lifecycle Management

SAP technical modules include:

Basis
ABAP
SAP NetWeaver
IS (Information Systems) Management
XI (Exchange Infrastructure)
Business Intelligence (BI)
Business Warehouse (BW)
SAP HANA

Further, SAP also has industry-specific applications that support business processes unique to a particular industry. Some of these applications are:

SAP for Utilities
SAP for Insurance
SAP for Oil and Gas
SAP Healthcare

SAP Business Suite is a bundle of business applications that provides integration of business and processes, as well as industry-focused functionality. It has SAP ERP as its foundation, plus modules for customer relationship management, product lifecycle management, supply chain management and supplier relationship management. SAP customers can choose to run Business Suite on SAP HANA, its in-memory platform for processing large volumes of data in real time.
S/4HANA is the vendor's in-memory version of the Business Suite ERP platform, and it is run on HANA. S/4HANA is meant to reduce complexity, according to SAP, and to replace SAP ECC, eventually.






SAP Fiori is a line of SAP apps -- the first 25 were released in 2013 -- that the company intends to use as its predominant user experience and user interface model going forward. Fiori is meant to address criticisms of SAP's user experience and UI complexity. A number of Fiori apps run exclusively on S/4HANA, and the two are intended to more closely intertwine as they evolve.
A note about the term modules: In ECC, the correct term is component. However, due to the continued prevalence of R/3, the term module is still in widespread use. ECC's components are often interchangeably referred to as modules, with modules belonging to R/3 and components belonging to ECC, but both offer the same functionality.


SAP NetWeaver
SAP made a key decision in 2001 to open up its proprietary technology and make it programmable via SAP NetWeaver, which received a lot of industry attention as the first fully interoperable, web-based, cross-application platform that could be used to develop not only SAP applications, but others, as well.
The platform enables the use of standards-based web services to create new applications for business needs. SAP NetWeaver is the technical foundation and main computing platform of SAP, and it provides a set of tools for building and integrating applications from a number of disparate sources and locations via service-oriented architecture middleware.
Part of the company's mySAP product group, SAP NetWeaver can extend and is interoperable with other development platforms, including Microsoft's .NET, IBM's WebSphere and Oracle's Java.


SAP Labs and acquisitions 
SAP says its primary focus on growth rests on internal innovation by developing and improving its own products. As a step in that direction, the company created SAP Labs, which are research and development locations that develop and improve core products. These are located in high-tech clusters around the world, such as in Bangalore, India, and Palo Alto, Calif.
Beyond organic growth, SAP has executed on an aggressive acquisition strategy to fill its technology gaps. Since 1996, the company has made more than 60 acquisitions. A major focus for the company in recent years has been building its cloud computing capabilities and enabling greater mobility. Acquiring companies with such technologies has helped to build those capabilities. Here are six acquisitions that serve as examples:

Concur Technologies, 2014, online travel and expense management software as a service
Fieldglass, 2014, cloud-based contingent labor and services
Hybris, 2013, e-commerce, part of the SAP Customer Engagement and Commerce suite
Ariba, 2012, cloud-based B2B marketplace
SuccessFactors, 2011, cloud-based human capital management
BusinessObjects, 2007, business intelligence



SAP User Groups
An important part of SAP's information dissemination and engagement has been its user groups. These are independent, not-for-profit groups designed to help educate members, create customer involvement, give voices to users in influencing SAP strategy and provide networking opportunities. Here, SAP employees and users can meet and share information, experiences and lessons learned.

Arguably more important, SAP hears user feedback in both the technical areas and the functional areas. User groups are organized by region across the globe, with ASUG (Americas' SAP Users' Group), being the largest.



		
		
			
			
				
					This was last updated in January 2017





			Continue Reading About SAP
		

SAP HANA implementation forces hard decisions


Where HANA might fit in an SAP ERP strategy 


HANA Cloud Platform vs. HANA Enterprise Cloud: The differences and ramifications


Is S/4HANA ready to replace Business Suite?


The latest on SAP financial news and investor events









				Related Terms


ERP (enterprise resource planning)

Enterprise resource planning (ERP) is an industry term for the broad set of activities that help an organization manage its ... 
							See complete definition



SAP HANA

SAP HANA is an in-memory database and application development platform for processing high volumes of data in real time. 
							See complete definition



SAP Smart Data Access (SDA)

Smart Data Access is a data virtualization feature in SAP HANA that allows customers to access data virtually from remote sources... 
							See complete definition







Dig Deeper on SAP trends, strategy and ERP market share




									All




									News




									Get Started




									Evaluate




									Manage




									Problem Solve








SAP HANA



Next-generation technologies catching on despite SAP Leonardo rebrand



SAP S/4HANA ERP platform options expand but raise deployment questions



SAP Leonardo: Masterpiece in the making or just a rough outline?




							Load More



										View All






What do analysts expect from next-gen tech at SAP Sapphire Now 2017?



Next-gen technologies displayed at SAP Innovation Center



SAP Distributed Manufacturing opens up a 3D printing network



SAP commits more resources to SMB ERP portfolio




							Load More



										View All News






SAP HANA



SAP S/4HANA ERP platform options expand but raise deployment questions



Should developers care about the SAP River development environment?



Cut through the SAP-Hadoop integration fog




							Load More



										View All Get started






Next-generation technologies catching on despite SAP Leonardo rebrand



SAP Leonardo: Masterpiece in the making or just a rough outline?



SAP futurists name five future technology trends to plan for now



Experts say SAP needs to work hard to push SAP S/4HANA and HCP in 2017




							Load More



										View All Evaluate






How can CIOs lower SAP licensing costs?



SAP CEM requires savvy CRM pick



Book excerpt: Production Planning and Control with SAP ERP



Experts see SAP UI5, cloud HCM, Hadoop as trends to watch in 2014




							Load More



										View All Manage






Code to cost savings: Making the case for third-party SAP support



How to better handle end-user requests for SAP functionality



SAP Standard Support decision hinges on inflation, fees



SAP CTO: Coghead's engineers will help solve SaaS integration problems




							Load More



										View All Problem solve









PRO+
Content
Find more PRO+ content and other member only offers, here.







ehandbook_cover
SAP S/4HANA ERP platform options expand but raise deployment questions













Margaret Rouse asks:
With which SAP products has your company had the most success?



Join the Discussion

















				Join the conversation


17 comments




						Send me notifications when other members comment.
Add My Comment




Register







Login


Forgot your password?





Forgot your password?

No problem! Submit your e-mail address below. We'll send you an email containing your password.




Submit







Your password has been sent to:




By submitting you agree to receive email from TechTarget and its partners. If you reside outside of the United States, you consent to having your personal data transferred to and processed in the United States. Privacy







Please create a username to comment.








Oldest 
Newest 






[-]



Margaret Rouse
 - 6 Nov 2009 8:16 AM

With which SAP products has your company had the most success?



Add My Comment
Cancel





  









[-]



sanjithvilla123
 - 23 Dec 2013 1:18 AM

please put the tutorials for master creations



Add My Comment
Cancel





  









[-]



ziaqaimi
 - 15 Jan 2014 11:29 PM

nice to see that improvment in sap version



Add My Comment
Cancel





  









[-]



mondayeguakun1
 - 2 Feb 2014 4:08 AM

presently am using SAP in my work place. I want to know more about SAP



Add My Comment
Cancel





  









[-]



gonyaof
 - 23 Mar 2014 8:07 PM

I want to know more about sap in order to be  efficient at work because sap is what I use in a daily basis



Add My Comment
Cancel





  









[-]



Deepti27
 - 7 Apr 2014 2:58 AM

Hello I want to Know about sap



Add My Comment
Cancel





  









[-]



prachishri123
 - 15 Apr 2014 7:43 AM

I want to know more about sap.



Add My Comment
Cancel





  









[-]



Ben Rubenstein
 - 15 Apr 2014 9:12 AM

For more about SAP, I'd recommend starting here: http://searchsap.techtarget.com/resources/SAP-ERP-project-managementLots of resources depending on what you'd like to learn. 



Add My Comment
Cancel





  









[-]



khalidnazir
 - 22 Apr 2014 2:09 PM

Please i want to know the SAP applications related with accounting and finance because in my Company i am using Oracle.



Add My Comment
Cancel





  









[-]



Blamo85
 - 6 May 2014 6:16 AM

I want to know more about SAP so that I can be efficient in responsibilities at work because my company is using SAP. 



Add My Comment
Cancel





  









[-]



Mala123
 - 3 Jun 2014 7:39 AM

Please tell me what is sap and tell how to do use it in our daily works. what is the procedure to load the software of SAP.



Add My Comment
Cancel





  









[-]



llluther
 - 15 Apr 2015 10:50 PM

I believe you have a typo above...38,4000 ???



Add My Comment
Cancel





  









[-]



clstar
 - 7 Jul 2015 10:12 AM

I am considering a move to a position which relies on SAP for cost accounting. I have not worked with it in the past, on a scale of 1 to 5, how difficult do those of you with experience believe it is to teach an old dog new SAP tricks?



Add My Comment
Cancel





  









[-]



RPSlagle
 - 24 Aug 2016 2:49 PM

Two recent paychecks were misrouted to another's account and my bank and employer's financial advisor assert that a communication glitch between SAP and our ADP systems are the cause. I wonder if there is any way to find out how any such mistake is possible, and how best to ensure against it.



Add My Comment
Cancel





  








[-]



Scott Wallask
 - 23 Jan 2017 3:50 PM

Hi there -- My goodness, that sounds like a bad situation. Whoever helps run SAP and ADP for your company is probably the person to turn to as they may understand where to start looking. I have not ever heard of this happening before myself, but may others out there reading have.  FYI, I was checking our TechTarget archives on this topic, and while we haven't written about your particular situation, I did run across a story looking at SAP and ADP's positions in the HCM tech market: http://searchfinancialapplications.techtarget.com/news/450300552/SAP-HCM-system-flagged-for-talent-management-integration-struggles



Add My Comment
Cancel





  










[-]



mga225
 - 15 Jul 2017 3:43 PM

Is there any module of SAP login, and which module is suitable for shipping co?



Add My Comment
Cancel





  








[-]



Scott Wallask
 - 18 Jul 2017 10:16 AM

Thanks for writing. Could you clarify what you mean by a "module of SAP login"?As for shipping companies, it depends on what areas you looking for an ERP module to handle. For example, SAP has transportation products and services, such as here:https://www.sap.com/industries/transportation-logistics.htmlBut shipping also gets involved with supply chain, logistics and mobility, which are different areas that SAP deals with.



Add My Comment
Cancel





  

















-ADS BY GOOGLE







File Extensions and File Formats

A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S


T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
#


Powered by:












SearchManufacturingERP




The four best ways to tailor ERP packages to your needs
Despite the standard advice against doing it, sometimes you just have to modify an off-the-shelf ERP package. Here are the main ...



Cloud ERP software eases growing pains for emergency dispatch provider
Priority Dispatch likes Salesforce SaaS platform for ERP and CRM, but says integration was harder than advertised, and that ...



How Mitsubishi Hitachi benefits from additive manufacturing technology
In this Q&A, Paul Browning of Mitsubishi Hitachi explains how additive manufacturing technology helps build gas turbine parts ...






SearchOracle




Migrate an Oracle RAC database to new servers with zero downtime
Most organizations can't afford any downtime on their Oracle systems. Here's how to move RAC databases to new server nodes and ...



Take control of your Oracle contracts -- and stop fearing Oracle
Dealing with Oracle on software contracts can seem like a scary task, but it doesn't have to be if you take control of the ...



DBAs must master the art of database recovery management
Database administrators are usually concerned with backing up their databases. But they should spend more time focusing on ...






SearchDataManagement




Big data makes data preparation steps more complicated to navigate
The data preparation process is becoming harder to manage effectively, especially for big data analytics applications involving ...



Big data teams get proactive on data preparation for analytics users
Organizations with big data environments are starting to prepare data for analysis before making it available to data scientists ...



Quiz: What's your IQ on data lake implementation and management?
A data lake can provide lots of analytics value to an organization. This quiz can tell you if you know what it takes to deploy ...






SearchAWS




Hone AWS skills with these training methods
IT pros have an abundance of AWS training resources available to boost cloud know-how, but knowledge is no substitute for ...



Serverless computing architecture, microservices boost cloud outlook
Applications that are built on serverless computing and run on microservices change the way IT uses cloud. And AWS Lambda plays a...



AWS hybrid cloud tools that beat setup barriers
A hybrid cloud is complex, with various storage and networking requirements. The right tools and services get IT admins a step ...






SearchBusinessAnalytics




AI taking jobs isn't the problem; how it will change them is
The combination of AI and jobs will change the way workplaces look in the future, experts say. People will have to focus more on ...



Without communication, machine learning for data science goes nowhere
The chief data officer's next challenge may be to find storytellers who can explain machine learning for data science to ...



Apply data science models effectively, not just for their own sake
Having data scientists build analytical models doesn't do much for an organization if the models don't help generate business ...






SearchCRM




Recipe for lost customers: Flight cancellations and AI algorithms
As companies enjoy the benefits that automation and AI algorithms bring to next-generation CRM, leaders must closely examine the ...



How the role of a CMO has evolved to include analytics and data
When navigating the ever-changing marketing technology landscape, Emarsys CMO Allen Nance first asks how emerging technology can ...



Chatbots creeping into omnichannel strategy for CRM
Siri, home voice assistants, we're talking to you. We discuss how companies are using the voice channel for CRM in these early ...






SearchContentManagement




OpenText Magellan tech lead pulls back the curtain on its new AI tool
The technical lead on OpenText Magellan offers some insight into how the company's newest tool came together and how it can be ...



Tuning and maintaining algorithms: The Achilles' heel of AI projects
Content management systems from OpenText and others offer artificial intelligence, but it isn't plug and play; AI requires human ...



OpenText debuts content management AI platform -- will it take off?
OpenText's new AI platform -- which combines open source machine learning with advanced analysis to acquire, merge, manage and ...






SearchFinancialApplications




Google Hire introduction shakes up job recruiting tech market
Google's introduction of Hire, a SaaS job recruiting tool that works with the G Suite of office applications, promises to have a ...



Employee engagement app keeps mining company employees connected
With the goal of engaging workers, Australian mining company uses StaffConnect employee communications mobile app to keep workers...



Nine ways workforce analytics can improve talent management
The workforce represents your company's largest expense, its top differentiator and its greatest risk. Here's how workforce ...

































Close







Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft







































































Javascript must be enabled for the correct page display



Skip to Content

















Run Simple











































            Contact Us
        



Close


Call us at

1-866-681-6121

or


















                            Chat Now
                        

                            Chat Offline
                        
Get live help and chat with an SAP representative.



Chat now
















Contact Us
E-mail us with comments, questions or feedback.






























Previous





No matter your industry, line of business, or company size, SAP software can help you make better decisions and grow your business.


Previous





















                    The Impact of SAP HANA on the SAP Infrastructure Utility Services Marketplace
                



Gartner examines how sourcing and vendor management companies can cut costs and increase reliability with SAP HANA Enterprise Cloud.
 
Read the white paper

























                    Making the Business Case for SAP S/4HANA Finance
                



Learn how CFOs and other executives from several industry-leading organizations are leveraging the power of the SAP S/4HANA Finance solution to drive digital transformation, reduce complexity, and increase revenue.
Get the brochure








Next




Previous





















                    The Total Economic Impact of SAP Analytics
                



In this SAP-sponsored research report, Forrester found that the SAP Analytics portfolio can help the average company save $2.4 million in annual costs and increase ROI by 171%.
 
Access the study

























                    The Next Steps in Digital Transformation
                



How are small and midsize companies acquiring customers, growing revenue, and increasing efficiency? Investing in the latest software and other innovative technology is key.
 
View the IDC InfoBrief








Next




Previous





















                    The Modern Data Center: Vital For Digital Transformation




Forrester Consulting outlines how data center modernization can help you increase efficiency, strengthen partnerships with other lines of business, and achieve superior business results.
 
Access the study

























                    Connect the Edge and Core to Power Your Business




Get a better understanding of current Internet of Things (IoT) adoption trends – how firms are using IoT solutions to make informed business decisions and improve the customer experience, what obstacles they’re facing, and how their organizations have benefitted from new technologies.
 
Download the document








Next




Previous





















                    Analytics for SMBs: Sharpen Operations, Capitalize on Business Opportunities 




How are small and midsize businesses (SMBs) using analytics and digital transformation to shape their practices and define new goals? See what Ray Boggs, vice president of IDC's Small and Medium Business research, says SMBs can do to propel their businesses forward into the digital era.
 
Read the Q&A

























                    Success Is Simply Human: SAP’s HR Digital Transformation




Learn how HR has dramatically shifted to embrace modern technologies, and read how SAP’s HR digital transformation and move to the cloud has helped the company integrate processes, simplify analytics, and create a more holistic user experience.
 
View the presentation








Next

































































































 





Get unlimited access to the content on this page when you register.



























































































































Would you like to receive additional SAP communications along with information related to this inquiry? 










by email







Yes







No















by phone







Yes







No















 
























 



















Submit



























Next




























Back to top









SAP Software Solutions | Business Applications and Technology
















































Javascript must be enabled for the correct page display



Skip to Content















SAP.com United States








Stay on the United States site


Choose another country or region






Choose your country or region




Global


About SAP SE: English


Über SAP SE: Deutsch




Americas


Argentina
Bolivia
Brasil
Canada - English
Canada - Français
Chile
Colombia


Costa Rica
Ecuador
El Salvador
Guatemala
Honduras
Latin America
México


Panamá
Perú
Puerto Rico
República Dominicana
United States
Venezuela




Europe


Albanija
Belgique
België
Bosna i Hercegovina
Crna Gora
Danmark
Deutschland
Eesti
España
France
Hrvatska
Ireland
Italia
Latvija
Lietuva


Magyarország
Makedonija
Nederland
Norge
Österreich
Polska
Portugal
Romania
Schweiz
Slovenija
Slovensko
Srbija
Suisse
Suomi
Sverige


Türkiye
United Kingdom
Česká republika
Ελλάδα και Κύπρος
Азербайджан
Армения
Беларусь
България
Грузия
Молдавия
Россия
СНГ
Украина








Middle East and Africa


Africa
Angola
Bahrain
Egypt
Iraq
Jordan
Kenya
Kuwait
Lebanon
Libya
MENA
MENA (‏العربية‎)
Morocco
Nigeria


Oman
Pakistan
Palestine
Qatar
Saudi Arabia
South Africa
United Arab Emirates
Yemen
ישראל
الأردن‎
الامارات العربية المتحدة
البحرين
الجمهورية اليمنية
العـراق


الكويت
اسلامی جمہوریۂ پاكستان
المملكة العربية السعودية
عُمان
فلسطين‎
قطر
لبنان‎
ليبيا
مصر




Asia Pacific


Australia
Hongkong
India
Indonesia
Malaysia
New Zealand
Philippines
Singapore


South East Asia
Thailand
Việt Nam
Казахстан
Киргизия
Таджикистан
Туркменистан
Узбекистан


中国
台灣
日本
대한민국



















United States











To learn more about our company, visit SAP SE.


Erfahren Sie mehr über das Unternehmen SAP SE.
























Search

















Log On







Choose your country or region




Global


About SAP SE: English


Über SAP SE: Deutsch




Americas


Argentina
Bolivia
Brasil
Canada - English
Canada - Français
Chile
Colombia


Costa Rica
Ecuador
El Salvador
Guatemala
Honduras
Latin America
México


Panamá
Perú
Puerto Rico
República Dominicana
United States
Venezuela




Europe


Albanija
Belgique
België
Bosna i Hercegovina
Crna Gora
Danmark
Deutschland
Eesti
España
France
Hrvatska
Ireland
Italia
Latvija
Lietuva


Magyarország
Makedonija
Nederland
Norge
Österreich
Polska
Portugal
Romania
Schweiz
Slovenija
Slovensko
Srbija
Suisse
Suomi
Sverige


Türkiye
United Kingdom
Česká republika
Ελλάδα και Κύπρος
Азербайджан
Армения
Беларусь
България
Грузия
Молдавия
Россия
СНГ
Украина








Middle East and Africa


Africa
Angola
Bahrain
Egypt
Iraq
Jordan
Kenya
Kuwait
Lebanon
Libya
MENA
MENA (‏العربية‎)
Morocco
Nigeria


Oman
Pakistan
Palestine
Qatar
Saudi Arabia
South Africa
United Arab Emirates
Yemen
ישראל
الأردن‎
الامارات العربية المتحدة
البحرين
الجمهورية اليمنية
العـراق


الكويت
اسلامی جمہوریۂ پاكستان
المملكة العربية السعودية
عُمان
فلسطين‎
قطر
لبنان‎
ليبيا
مصر




Asia Pacific


Australia
Hongkong
India
Indonesia
Malaysia
New Zealand
Philippines
Singapore


South East Asia
Thailand
Việt Nam
Казахстан
Киргизия
Таджикистан
Туркменистан
Узбекистан


中国
台灣
日本
대한민국



















United States









Tell us what you think!

What describes your role best?


Shareholder



Analyst



Press



Customer



SAP Employee



Other




How would you rate the 2016 Integrated Report?


Excellent

Very Good

Good

Fair

Poor



How easily did you find the information you were looking for?


Very easy

Easy

Neutral

Difficult

Very difficult





Any additional comments?





Send your Feedback





Thank You!


Close





















Search






























































            Contact Us
        



Close


Call us at

+1-800-872-1727


Or see our complete list of  

local country numbers




















                            Chat Now
                        

                            Chat Offline
                        
Get live help and chat with an SAP representative.



Chat now
















Contact Us
E-mail us with comments, questions or feedback.

























 








































                                Jabil is transforming manufacturing


They’re using robotics, 3D printing, and SAP Leonardo technology to speed
transformation and drive innovative product design.  









Go to content














Featured Solutions














Digital Business







Internet of Things









Machine Learning







Small and Midsize Enterprises


































                                    4 ways leaders set themselves apart


In a global SAP and Oxford Economics survey, only 3% of executives said they had achieved enterprise-wide digitization. Explore their approach, results – and the four factors central to their success.




                                        Review the research
                                    

Review the research
























 News from SAP Leonardo Live


Explore new IoT solutions for logistics, manufacturing, and asset management – and how they drive unprecedented visibility into your business.




                                        Read the press release
                                    

Read the press release


































                                    What happens in Vegas – will be heard around the world      


SuccessConnect, Aug. 29-31, is the transformational HR event of the year. Spaces are filling up fast.




                                        Register now
                                    

Register now


































                                    SAP is a Big Data Warehouse leader


Forrester Wave Q2 2017 recognizes SAP Big Data Warehouse solutions for real-time analytics, scalability, and integration. 




                                        Read the Forrester report
                                    

Read the Forrester report



















        See what the SAP community is saying
    



Previous



















New SAP Leonardo Offerings Turn Digital Aspirations into Real-Life Implementations
This week SAP announced new products, services, and partner collaborations that will further bridge the gap between digital aspirations and real-life implementations.
























Automation Will Lead to Collaboration Between Man and Machine
Digitization and the next wave of automation will change the nature of work, eliminating some traditional jobs and impacting many more. But it will also create growth and new employment opportunities.
























Why Digital Leaders Focus On Customer Experience
From sea to shining sea, a very stark message is resonating when it comes to competing in today’s digital economy: The customer experience is king. It doesn’t matter what size company, industry or product.









Next






















Back to top






SAP SE - Wikipedia






















 






SAP SE

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search


SAP SE


Run simple







Type

Societas Europaea


Traded as
FWB: SAP
NYSE: SAP
DAX Component


Industry
Enterprise software


Founded
Weinheim, Germany
(1972; 45 years ago (1972))


Founder
Dietmar Hopp
Hans-Werner Hector
Hasso Plattner
Klaus Tschira
Claus Wellenreuther


Headquarters
Walldorf, Germany



Area served

Worldwide



Key people



Hasso Plattner (Chairman)
Bill McDermott (CEO)




Products
See list of SAP products


Revenue
 €22.062 billion (2016)[1]



Operating income

 €5.121 billion (2016)[1]


Profit
 €3.618 billion (2016)[1]


Total assets
 €44.354 billion (2016)[1]


Total equity
 €26.382 billion (2016)[1]



Number of employees

84,183 (Q4 2016)[1]


Website
SAP.com


SAP SE (/ɛseɪˈpi/) (Systeme, Anwendungen und Produkte in der Datenverarbeitung; "Systems, Applications & Products in Data Processing") is a German multinational software corporation that makes enterprise software to manage business operations and customer relations.[2] SAP is headquartered in Walldorf, Baden-Württemberg, with regional offices in 130 countries.[3] The company has over 335,000 customers in over 180 countries.[3] The company is a component of the Euro Stoxx 50 stock market index.[4]



Contents


1 History

1.1 Formation
1.2 Enterprise resource planning
1.3 Corporate restructuring
1.4 Focus on cloud
1.5 SAP S/4HANA
1.6 Acquisitions


2 Business and Markets
3 Enterprise Service-Oriented Architecture

3.1 Enterprise SOA


4 Partnerships
5 SAP PartnerEdge
6 Communities
7 Organization
8 SAP Labs
9 SAP User Groups
10 Conferences
11 Competitive landscape
12 Philanthropic efforts
13 Autism hiring
14 Bribery & Corruption

14.1 South African Allegations
14.2 Panamanian Bribery


15 See also
16 References
17 External links



History[edit]
Formation[edit]
When Xerox aimed to exit the computer industry in 1975,[5] they asked IBM to migrate their business systems to IBM technology. As part of IBM's compensation for the migration, IBM was given the rights to the Scientific Data Systems (SDS)/SAPE software, reportedly for a contract credit of $80,000.
Five IBM engineers from the AI department[6][7] (Dietmar Hopp, Klaus Tschira, Hans-Werner Hector, Hasso Plattner, and Claus Wellenreuther, all from Mannheim, Baden-Württemberg) were working in an enterprise-wide system based on this software, only to be told that it would no longer be necessary. Rather than abandoning the project, they decided to leave IBM Tech and start another company.[8]
In June 1970, they founded Systemanalyse und Programmentwicklung ("System Analysis and Program Development") company, as a private partnership under the German Civil Code.[8]
Their first client was the German branch of Imperial Chemical Industries[9] in Östringen, where they developed mainframe programs for payroll and accounting. Instead of storing the data on punch cards mechanically, as IBM did, they stored it locally[clarification needed]. Therefore, they called their software a real-time system, since there was no need to process the punch cards overnight (for this reason their flagship product carried an R in its name until the late 1990s). This first version was also a standalone software that could be offered to other interested parties.[10]
Enterprise resource planning[edit]
In 1973, the first commercial product was launched. It was called SAP R/98,[11] and offered a common system for multiple tasks. This permitted the use of a centralized data storage, improving the maintenance of data. From a technical point of view, therefore, a database was necessary.[12]
In 1976, SAP GmbH was founded, and moved its headquarters the following year to Walldorf, Germany. Three years later, in 1979, SAP launched SAP R/2, expanding the capabilities of the system to other areas, such as material management and production planning. In 1981, SAP brought a re-designed product to market. However, SAP R/2 did not improve until the period between 1985 and 1990. SAP released the new SAP R/3 in 1992. SAP developed and released several versions of R/3 through 1995. By the mid-1990s, SAP followed the trend from mainframe computing to client/server architectures. The development of SAP’s internet strategy with mySAP.com redesigned the concept of business processes (integration via Internet).[8] As a result, R/3 was replaced with the introduction of SAP ERP Central Component (ECC) 5.0 in  2004.[13] Architectural changes were also made to support an enterprise service architecture to transition customers to a services-oriented architecture. The latest version, SAP ERP 6.0, was released in 2006. SAP ERP 6.0 has since then been updated through SAP enhancement packs, the most recent: SAP enhancement package 8 for SAP ERP 6.0 in 2016.[14]
Corporate restructuring[edit]
In August 1988, SAP GmbH became SAP AG, and public trading started on 4 November 1988. Shares were listed on the Frankfurt and Stuttgart stock exchanges.[8] In 1995, SAP was included in the German stock index DAX and, on 22 September 2003, SAP was included in the Dow Jones STOXX 50.[15]
The company's official name became SAP AG (a public limited company) after the 2005 annual general meeting. In 2014, SAP changed from an AG to a European Company (Societas Europaea or SE).[16]
Focus on cloud[edit]
Since 2012, SAP has acquired several companies that sell cloud-based products, with several multibillion-dollar acquisitions seen by analysts as an attempt to challenge competitor Oracle.[17] In 2014 SAP bought Concur Technologies, a provider of cloud-based travel and expense management software, for $8.3 billion, SAP's most expensive purchase to that date.[18] Analysts' reactions to the purchase were mixed, with Thomas Becker of Commerzbank questioning whether Concur was the right choice for SAP, while Credit Suisse called the acquisition an "aggressive" move.[19]
In 2014, IBM and SAP began a partnership to sell cloud-based services.[20] Likewise, in 2015, SAP also partnered with HPE to provide secure hybrid cloud-based services running the SAP platform.[21] Both HPE and IBM provide infrastructure services to SAP, and SAP runs its SAP HANA cloud solution on top. SAP has announced additional partnerships with Microsoft in order to give customers tools for data visualization, as well as improved mobile applications.[22]
SAP exceeded its revenue projections due to the expansion in its cloud business and the success of SAP HANA. The growth can also be partially attributed to the acquisitions of Concur and Fieldglass.[23]
The company announced plans in 2016 to invest heavily into technology relating to Internet of Things (IoT) as part of a strategy to capitalize on the growth in that market. For that purpose, €2 billion ($2.2 bln) are planned to be invested in relevant sectors by the end of 2020.[24] To that end, SAP will also launch a new product line called SAP IoT, which "will combine large amounts of data from things connected to the Internet with machine learning and SAP's real-time database S/4 HANA."[24]
SAP S/4HANA[edit]
In 2015, the company launched SAP S/4HANA, the newest generation of the SAP Business Suite. It was written natively for the SAP HANA platform. It offers cloud, on-premises and hybrid deployment options to customers, with its benefits including a smaller data footprint, higher throughput, faster analytics and faster access to data. It also allows existing SAP Business Suite customers to upgrade to this product from SAP Business Suite.[25]
In 2016, SAP introduced SAP HANA, Express Edition which is meant to run on personal computers or on cloud computing platforms for students and other small-scale developers.[26]
Bill McDermott, CEO of SAP, compared the release of SAP S/4HANA to a "moonshot", describing it as the most important launch in the company’s history.[27]
Acquisitions[edit]


Acquisition number
Acquired company
Acquisition date
Specialty
Country of origin
Acquisition costs


64
Abakus
Dec 2016[28]
Marketing attribution
USA



63
Plat.One
Oct2016
IoT
USA



62
Altiscale
Aug 2016
Big Data and Hadoop Hosting
USA
$125m+


61
Fedem Technology
Jun 2016
IoT
Norway



60
MeLLmo Inc. (Roambi )
Feb 2016
Mobile Business Intelligence
USA



59
Concur Technologies
Sept 2014
Travel and Expense Management
USA
$8.3b


58
SeeWhy
May 2014
Behavioral target marketing
USA
$1.1b


57
Fieldglass
Mar 2014
Contingent labor and services
USA



56
KXEN
Oct 2013
Predictive analytics
France



55
hybris
May 2013
E-Commerce Solutions
Switzerland



54
Camilion
March 2013
Insurance solutions
Canada



53
SmartOps
Feb 2013
Inventory optimization
USA



52
Ticket-Web
Feb 2013
CRM for sports and entertainment promoters
USA



51
Ariba
Oct 2012
Supplier network
USA
$4.3b


50
Syclo
Jun 2012
Mobile asset management
USA



49
datango
Jan 2012
Electronic performance support technologies
Germany



48
SuccessFactors
Dec 2011
Human Capital Management
USA
$3.4b


47
Right Hemisphere
Sep 2011
3D visualization
USA



46
Crossgate
Sep 2011
B2B eCommerce
Germany



45
Secude
Mar 2011
Security software (Not the whole company, only some assets were acquired)
Germany



44
Cundus
Dec 2010
Disclosure Management
Germany



43
Sybase
May 2010
Database, middleware, mobile software
USA
$5.8b


42
TechniData
May 2010
Environmental, Health and Safety
Germany



41
SAF
Sep 2009
Inventory Management
Switzerland
$91m


40
Highdeal
May 2009
High-volume billing
France



39
Visiprise
Jul 2008
Manufacturing Execution
USA



38
Saicon INC
Oct 2014
US Recruitment
India



37
Business Objects
Oct 2007
Business Intelligence
France
$6.78b


36
Yasu Technologies Pvt. Ltd.
Oct 2007
Business Rules Management Software
India



35
Wicom Communications
May 2007
Internet Communication software
Finland



34
MaXware
May 2007
Identity software
Norway



33
Outlooksoft
May 2007
Planning & consolidation
USA



32
Pilot Software
Feb 2007
Strategy Management software
USA
~$200m


31
Factory Logic
Dec 2006
Lean scheduling and supply synchronization
USA



30
Praxis Software Solutions
Jul 2006
Web-based CRM and eCommerce
USA



29
Frictionless Commerce
May 2006
SRM software
USA



28
Virsa Systems
Apr 2006
Compliance solutions
USA



27
SAP Systems Integration
Dec 2005
Consulting services
Germany



26
Callixa
Nov 2005
Enterprise Integration Information software
USA



25
Khimetrics
Nov 2005
retail software
USA



24
Triversity
Sep 2005
POS software
Canada



23
Lighthammer
Jun 2005
Manufacturing Intelligence and Collaborative Manufacturing
USA



22
DCS Quantum
Feb 2005
Automotive Dealer Management
United Kingdom



21
TomorrowNow
Jan 2005
grey-market support
USA



20
ilytix
Jan 2005
SAP BusinessOne Business Intelligence
Norway



19
A2i
Jul 2004
Master Data Management
USA



18
SPM Technologies
Dec 2003
IT architecture consulting
Germany



17
DCW Software
Jul 2003
OS/400 Applications
Germany



16
Guimachine
Dec 2002
NetWeaver Visual Composer toolkit
USA



15
IMHC
May 2001
Integrated managed health care from IDS
USA



14
Expression
May 2002
real-time file sharing
 ?



13
Topmanage
Feb 2002
SAP BusinessOne Suite
Israel



12
Paynet International AG
Dec 2001
Invoice Processing
Germany



11
COPA GmbH
Nov 2001
Beverage industry consulting
Germany



10
Infinite Data Structures
May 2001
Trade Management / CRM
USA



9
Toptier
Mar 2001
Enterprise Information Portal and Integration Infrastructure
USA
~$400m


8
Prescient Consulting
Feb 2000
Consulting services
USA



7
In-Q-My Technologies GmbH
2000
J2EE Server
Bulgaria



6
Campbell Software
1999
Workforce Management
USA



5
AMC Development
1998
Call Center telephony integration software
USA



4
OFEK-Tech
1998
Warehousing and distribution center software
Israel



3
Kiefer & Veittinger
1997
Sales force Applications
Germany



2
Dacos
1996
Retail solution
Germany



Business and Markets[edit]
As of 2016[update], SAP is the world's third largest software and programming company.[29] The corporation operates in six geographic regions: EMEA (Europe, Middle East, Africa), MEE (Middle and Eastern Europe: which includes the subregions DACH, CEE and CIS), NA (United States and Canada), LAC (Latin America and Caribbean), Greater China (PRC, ROC) and APJ (Asia Pacific and Japan).[30]
SAP focuses on 25 industries and six industry sectors: process industries, discrete industries, consumer industries, service industries, financial services and public services.[31] It offers integrated product sets for large enterprises,[32] mid-sized companies and small businesses.[33]
Enterprise Service-Oriented Architecture[edit]
Service-oriented architecture has been incorporated into the SAP ERP (Enterprise Resource Planning) system and other products defined within the SAP Enterprise Services Architecture (Enterprise SOA).
Enterprise SOA[edit]
SAP Enterprise Service Oriented Architecture (or Enterprise SOA) is SAP SE's service-oriented architecture implementation.[34] Enterprise SOA is enabled by the SAP NetWeaver platform and builds on the benefits of Web services. SAP has positioned Enterprise SOA to deliver the benefits offered by service-oriented architecture, including enabling both flexibility and business efficiency. SAP markets Enterprise SOA as a cost-effective way of adding new applications to existing infrastructure.[35] SAP Solutions that currently use Enterprise SOA are mySAP CRM, mySAP ERP, and mySAP SRM.
Partnerships[edit]
SAP partners include Global Services Partners with cross-industry multinational consulting capabilities,[36] Global Software Partners providing integrated products that complement SAP Business Suite solutions,[37] and Global Technology Partners providing user companies with a wide range of products to support SAP technology, including vendors of hardware, database, storage systems, networks, and mobile computing technology.[38]
Extensions partners: this is a small number of companies which provide functionality that complements SAP product capabilities. Their products are certified, sold, and supported by SAP. These partner companies include Adobe, CA Technologies, GK Software,[39] Hewlett-Packard, IDS Scheer, OpenText, Redwood Software, Vistex Inc., Insync Techfin Solution Ltd, Meridian Global Services, Knoa Software, Nakisa Inc, ICON-SCM, BackOffice Associates, Prometheus Group and SmartOps.[40], syslink, scn.sap.com; retrieved 24 April 2011."LinguaNext". Facebook. Retrieved 6 November 2012. 
SAP PartnerEdge[edit]
SAP products for small businesses and midsize companies are delivered through its global partner network. In 2008, SAP signed SAP Global Service partnership with HCL Technologies, a $6 billion technology service provider, headquartered in India.[41]
SAP PartnerEdge signed with ENFOS, Inc., a software as a service company, to develop their EcoHub Partner Sustainability Solution platform. The SAP PartnerEdge program, SAP's partner program, offers a set of business enablement resources and program benefits to help partners including value-added resellers (VARs) and independent software vendors (ISVs) be profitable and successful in implementing, selling, marketing, developing and delivering SAP products to a broad range of customers.[42] .
Communities[edit]
SAP Community Network (SCN) is a community of SAP customers, partners, employees, and influencers – typically in roles such as: developers, consultants, integrators, and business analysts – who gain and share knowledge about ABAP, Java, .NET, SOA, and other technologies, plus analytics and dashboards, business process best practices, cloud, mobile, big data, and a range of other topics via blogs, discussion forums, downloads and code samples, training materials, and a technical library.[43]
Organization[edit]





This section relies too much on references to primary sources. Please improve this section by adding secondary or tertiary sources. (July 2016) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)


SAP uses a two-tier structure of boards, with an executive board and a supervisory board. As of 2016, members of the executive board were Bill McDermott (CEO and Chairman, joined in 2008), Robert Enslin (2014) Bernd Leukert (2014), Luka Mucic (CFO, 2014), Michael Kleinemeier (2015), Stefan Ries (2016), Steve Singh (2016) and Gerhard Oswald (1996).[44]
Functional units of SAP are split across different organizational units for R&D needs, field activities and customer support. SAP Labs are mainly responsible for product development whereas the field organizations spread across each country are responsible for field activities such sales, marketing and consulting. Headquarters is responsible for overall management as well as core Engineering activities related to product development. Worldwide customer support is not provided by the field organizations but by a unified organization called Active Global Support (AGS).[45]
SAP Labs[edit]
SAP Labs[46] are R&D locations that develop and improve SAP core products. SAP Labs are strategically located in high-tech clusters around the globe.
SAP Labs are located in Germany (main locations: Walldorf/Rot, Markdorf, Berlin), United States (main location: Silicon Valley), India (main location: Bangalore), China (main location: Shanghai), Brazil (main location: Sao Leopoldo), Bulgaria (main location: Sofia), Canada (main locations: Vancouver, Montreal), Vietnam (main location: Ho Chi Minh City), Israel (main location: Ra’anana), CIS (main location: Moscow), France (main location: Paris, Sophia Antipolis), Ireland (main location: Dublin), Hungary (main location: Budapest), Slovakia (main location: Bratislava), Czech Republic (main location: Brno), Poland (main location: Gliwice).
SAP’s main 4 Labs’ locations are Germany, India, China and the US. Labs Walldorf was founded in 1972 and became SAP’s first location. At the beginning, the focus of SAP expansion was entering highly developed IT markets: in 1993 Palo Alto becomes a part of SAP Labs‘ locations. Aiming to acquire talented employees, in 1998, SAP opens its Labs in Bangalore, in 2003 – in China.
Among the latest SAP Labs are Labs Czech Republic, Slovakia and Poland. All three labs have been established in 2016.
Based on SAP HANA in-memory platform, SAP Labs develop innovative products for 98 of the 100 most-valuable global brands using cutting-edge methodologies and technologies.
In order to manage SAP Labs, SAP Labs Network (SLN) was created. SLN is a global unit that manages regional Labs and shares best business practices. It coordinates and distributes development projects among individual SAP Labs locations, accelerates product delivery, gives SAP full access to talent, and drives SAP corporate strategy regarding innovation and business growth.
SAP User Groups[edit]
SAP User Groups are independent, non-profit organizations of SAP customers and SAP partners. They serve as communications channel for their members towards SAP and for SAP towards the markets. The Americas' SAP Users’ Group (ASUG) is the company’s largest user group, with 100,000 individuals at 3,800 companies. ASUG members are professionals who work in more than 17 industries. Many are technical and business process experts in the SAP ecosystem; they have varied levels of experience, and come from small businesses to global corporations, as well as universities. In 2007, the SAP User Group Executive Network (SUGEN) was established.
SAP provoked controversy and frustration among its users in 2008 by raising the cost of its maintenance contracts. The issue was the subject of intense discussion among user groups.[47]
Conferences[edit]
SAP has two annual conferences: SAPPHIRE and SAP TechEd. SAPPHIRE is SAP's customer-facing event.[48][49] It is generally where SAP announces major product changes and strategic direction. It is typically held in the spring in North America.
SAP TechEd is the more technical conference, aimed at SAP's ecosystem of consultants and software development partners.[50][51] SAP TechEd has been held since 1995, usually in four locations in the fall. In 2014-15, SAP TechEd was held in three locations, between fall and early spring.
Competitive landscape[edit]
SAP competitors are primarily in the enterprise resource planning software industry. In this field, Oracle Corporation is SAP's major competitor. SAP also competes in the customer relationship management, marketing & sales software, manufacturing, warehousing & industrial software, and supply chain management & logistics software sectors.[52]
Oracle Corporation filed a lawsuit against SAP for malpractice and unfair competition in the California courts in 2007. SAP lost the case in 2010 and was ordered to pay a sum of US $1.3 billion, which was cited as the largest copyright infringement judgment in history.[53] The verdict was overturned in 2011[54] and the lawsuit was finally settled in 2014 for $356.7 million.[55]
The resulting pressure saw SAP and SUGEN (SAP User Group Executive Network) agree to a major benchmarking exercise to prove the value of the new support pricing policy to customers. In December 2009, SAP delayed its Enterprise Support price rises until agreement had been reached on the benchmarks and KPIs (Key Performance Indicators).[56]
In January 2010, SAP reversed its direction on Enterprise Support and reintroduced its standard support package for customers. The move to reinstate standard support – at 18 percent of annual license fees, "will enable all customers to choose the option that best meets their requirements", the company said.[57]
In August 2013, SAP acquired Hybris publicly for eCommerce capabilities after failing in a bid for Neolane. The rationale for the acquisition of Hybris was really for product catalog and product information management.[58]
Philanthropic efforts[edit]
SAP has donated several million dollars to a variety of global health causes including the Product Red campaign and the Global Fund.[59][60] In addition, SAP has distributed free software in South Africa as part of an effort towards developing future markets there.[61] The company also encourages employees to volunteer through social sabbaticals, sending teams of people to different countries to aid non-profits. SAP employees have volunteered in China, India, Brazil, and South Africa. [62]
Autism hiring[edit]
SAP also engages in outreach activities within its company. In 2013, the company launched an initiative to hire employees with autism and Asperger syndrome, citing their undervalued ability to contribute to its workforce. SAP aims to compose 1% of its workforce with autistic people by the year 2020.[63]
Bribery & Corruption[edit]
South African Allegations[edit]
In July 2017 allegations came to light that SAP had been involved in business transactions with the controversial Gupta family in South Africa. SAP was accused of paying CAD House, a Gupta-controlled company, R100 million in order to secure a Transnet deal. SAP denied the allegations, claiming that the money was paid as "an extension of the sales force", despite CAD House having no prior SAP experience.[64][65]
The Gupta family have been implicated in a net of corruption in South Africa due to their close relationship with South African President Jacob Zuma. In a widespread e-mail leak many more of the Gupta family's dark business deals came to light including a racial division campaign by British PR firm Bell Pottinger[66]. It was in these e-mails that the dealings of SAP with the Gupta family came to light as well[67].
As a consequence of the allegations, SAP launched an investigation that led to four of its South African managers being placed on administrative leave along with the seizure of their mobile phones and computers.[68] In the meantime, Claas Kuehnemann was named as acting managing director for Africa while the investigation continues.[69]
Panamanian Bribery[edit]
In May 2015 SAP agreed to pay $3.9 million to settle U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission civil charges over a former executive's scheme to bribe Panama government officials in order to win lucrative technology contracts.[70]
See also[edit]


Companies portal
Computer Science portal



List of SAP products
SAP Fiori
SAP Implementation
List of ERP software packages
SAP Center, an indoor arena in San Jose, California that bears the company's name via a sponsorship contract

References[edit]


^ a b c d e f "SAP Q4 2016 Quarterly Statement" (PDF). SAP SE. Retrieved 31 January 2017. 
^ "SAP Company History". Retrieved 25 January 2017. 
^ a b "SAP at a Glance: Company Information". Retrieved 27 January 2015. 
^ "Börse Frankfurt (Frankfurt Stock Exchange): Stock market quotes, charts and news". 
^ Holmes, Edith. "IBM Opposes Retelling of Whole Xerox Story in Court", Computerworld, p. 42, 26 January 1976.
^ "History of SAP AG". Retrieved 3 May 2013. 
^ International Directory of Company Histories, Vol. 16. St James Press, 1997.
^ a b c d Staff. "SAP History: From Start-Up Software Vendor to Global Market Leader". Retrieved 10 October 2010. 
^ SAP UK – ICI Success Story, Sap.com (1 January 1999); retrieved 24 April 2011.
^ "Standard Application Software for Real-time processing is developed". 
^ "seize new opportunities by SAP". 
^ "Vom Programmierbüro zum globalen Softwareproduzenten: Die Erfolgsfaktoren der SAP von der Gründung bis zum R/3-Boom, 1972 bis 1996". Chbeck.metapress.com. 14 November 2008. Retrieved 27 March 2014. 
^ Solutions, Cipher Business. "SAP ECC Modules - Cipher Business Solutions". Cipher Business Solutions. Retrieved 2017-03-29. 
^ LinkedIn; https://www.linkedin.com/pulse/latest-version-sap-erp-available-ecc-60-ehp7-what-do-you-rakesh-singh
^ "STOXX Limited Announces Changes to its Blue-Chip Index Series" (Press release). Stoxx. 1 September 2003. Retrieved 21 October 2016. 
^ "Company Q & A". Investor Relations. SAP.com. Retrieved 27 May 2015. 
^ Wong, Kenneth; Bass, Dina (23 May 2012). "SAP to Acquire Ariba for $4.3 Billion in Push Into Cloud". Bloomberg News. 
^ "SAP To Acquire Concur Technologies To Boost Cloud Sales". Forbes. 22 September 2014. 
^ Mahadevan, Neetha; Doerner, Stephan (19 September 2014). "SAP to Acquire Concur Technologies". The Wall Street Journal. 
^ "IBM and SAP Score Win Over Amazon". BusinessInsider. 14 October 2014. 
^ "HP News - HP and SAP Accelerate Journey to SAP® S/4HANA on HP Helion Managed Cloud". www8.hp.com. Retrieved 2017-03-26. 
^ "Microsoft and SAP Strengthen Ties with Mobile, Data, Cloud Partnership". TechCrunch. 19 May 2014. 
^ SAP Posts Strong 2014 Results, Cloud Business to Drive Future Growth , Forbes, 22 January 2015
^ a b Reuters. "SAP Plans to Invest $2.2 Billion in the Internet of Things by 2020". Fortune. Retrieved 2017-07-17. 
^ "Answers on SAP upgradation to SAP S/4HANA". 
^ Larry Dignan (16 September 2016). "SAP aims to court more HANA developers, launches express edition". ZDNet. Retrieved 19 November 2016. 
^ "SAP S4/HANA – the user, analyst and partner views", Diginomica.com, 3 February 2015.
^ SAP announces acquisition of Abakus
^ "The World’s Biggest Public Companies, Software & Programming". Forbes. Retrieved 21 October 2016. 
^ "Worldwide Office Directory of SAP". 
^ "Business in Brief: Markets". SAP. Retrieved 15 October 2007. 
^ "Midmarket Solutions: SAP ALL-IN-ONE – Solutions for mid-size companies". Annual Report 2006. SAP.ocm. Retrieved 15 October 2007. 
^ "Industry Solutions: Innovation – One Industry at a Time". Annual Report 2006. SAP.com. Retrieved 15 October 2007. 
^ SAP - Enterprise Service-Oriented Architecture: Adoption Program, global.sap.com; accessed 27 May 2015.
^ "When Does a Web Service Become an Enterprise Service?" by Dr Franz-Josef Fritz (SAP AG), SAP Insider, April–May–June 2004.
^ SAP – Global & Local Partner Directories: Global Services Partners. SAP AG. Retrieved 7 July 2011.
^ SAP – Global & Local Partner Directories: Global Software Partners. Sap.com (30 June 2009). Retrieved on 7 July 2011.
^ SAP – Global & Local Partner Directories: Global Technology Partners, go.sap.com; retrieved 7 July 2011.
^ SAP Offers Retailers in North America a Full Range of Store Solutions to Optimize Their Businesses Through Extended Global Reseller Agreement With GK Software. sap-news.com (28 May 2013). Retrieved on 22 May 2015.
^ Solution Extensions Software from
^ SAP – HCL Technologies Announces Global Services Partnership With SAP to Deliver Joint Business Value Through ‘Customer Centric Ecosystem’, Sap.com; retrieved 7 July 2011.
^ SAP – SAP Solutions for Small Businesses and Midsize Companies: Press Fact Sheet, July 2007. SAP.com; retrieved 7 July 2011.
^ SAP – Communities. go.sap.com; retrieved 7 July 2011.
^ "SAP Executive Board". SAP. 
^ "SAP launches Global Support Center". 
^ "R&D Locations | SAP Labs | About SAP SE". SAP. Retrieved 2016-04-29. 
^ SAP faces user wrath over price hikes. Computerworlduk.com. Retrieved on 7 July 2011.
^ "SAP unveils SuccessFactors cloud computing roadmap as it squares up to Oracle". V3.co.uk. Retrieved 29 February 2012. 
^ "SAP Rolls Out Updates at SAPPHIRE". InternetNews. 17 June 2003. Retrieved 29 February 2012. 
^ "SAP TechEd '05 in Bangalore". Articles.timesofindia.indiatimes.com. 22 September 2005. Retrieved 29 February 2012. 
^ "SAP TechEd to Go Deep on Mobility". Pcworld.com. 8 October 2010. Retrieved 29 February 2012. 
^ Staff. "SAP Competitors". 
^ Levine, Dan (23 November 2010). "SAP to pay Oracle $1.3 billion in landmark decision". Reuters. Thomson Reuters. Retrieved 2 October 2015. 
^ "Oracle Verdict Against SAP Is Overturned". Associated Press. 1 September 2011. Retrieved 12 January 2015. .
^ "Oracle, SAP Settle Long-Running TomorrowNow Lawsuit". Reuters. 13 November 2014. Retrieved 14 August 2015. .
^ SAP delays Enterprise Support price rises. Computerworlduk.com; retrieved 7 July 2011.
^ SAP does U-turn on Enterprise Support. Computerworlduk.com; retrieved 7 July 2011.
^ "SAP buys Hybris, gains customer experience, power", informationweek.com; accessed 27 May 2015.
^ "(RED) Partners". (RED). The ONE Campaign. 14 October 2012. Retrieved 27 May 2015. 
^ "What This Giant Software Company Is Doing to Advance Global Health". Inside Philanthropy. 8 October 2014. Retrieved 13 November 2016. 
^ "The Business Case for Strategic Philanthropy". TriplePundit. 8 August 2013. Retrieved 13 November 2016. 
^ "How EY and SAP are championing corporate volunteering". The Guardian. 11 February 2014. Retrieved 13 November 2016. 
^ "SAP in autism recruitment drive". BBC News. 22 May 2013. 
^ "#GuptaLeaks: Software giant paid Gupta front R100m 'kickbacks' for state business". News24. Retrieved 2017-07-11. 
^ "amaBhungane - #GuptaLeaks: Software giant SAP paid Gupta front R100m “kickbacks” for state business". amabhungane.co.za. Retrieved 2017-07-11. 
^ "Guptas just tip of SA's corruption ice-berg - Saftu". Fin24. Retrieved 2017-07-11. 
^ "Software giant pulled into Gupta saga with allegations of R100 million kickbacks". Retrieved 2017-07-11. 
^ "Germany’s SAP to investigate South Africa kickback allegations". Financial Times. 
^ Writer, Staff. "SAP names Kuehnemann as acting MD". ITWeb Technology News. Retrieved 2017-07-17. 
^ "#PanamaBribery: SAP settles with SEC over Panama bribery scheme". Reuters. Retrieved 2017-07-14. 


External links[edit]



Wikimedia Commons has media related to SAP.



Official website



Business data for SAP SE:
Reuters
SEC filings










v
t
e


SAP SE



Founders



Dietmar Hopp
Hans-Werner Hector
Hasso Plattner
Klaus Tschira
Claus Wellenreuther








Board of directors



Hasso Plattner (Chairman)
Lars Lamadé (Deputy Chairman)
Pekka Ala-Pietilä
Thomas Bamberger
Panagiotis Bissiritsas
Wilhelm Haarmann
Peter Koop
Christiane Kuntz-Mayr
Bernard Liautaud
Gerhard Maier
Hartmut Mehdorn
Hans-Bernd Meier
Joachim Milberg
Erhard Schipporeit
Stefan Schulz
Klaus Wucherer





Executive board



Bill McDermott
Robert Enslin
Michael Kleinemeier
Bernd Leukert
Gerhard Oswald
Luka Mucic
Michael Kleinemeier
Stefan Ries
Steve Singh





Technologies



SAP HANA
SAP Netweaver
Service-oriented architecture
Enterprise modelling
Application lifecycle management
Enterprise mobility
Application lifecycle management





Major locations



Corporate/EMEA headquarters: Walldorf, Germany
Americas HQ: Newtown Square, USA
Asia-Pacific HQ: Singapore





Major SAP Labs locations (R&D)



Bangalore, India
Palo Alto, US
São Leopoldo, Brazil
Ra'anana, Israel
Shanghai, China
Sophia-Antipolis, France
Montreal, Canada





Acquisitions



Ariba
Concur Technologies
SAP Business Objects
SuccessFactors
Sybase





Sponsorships



Andy Roddick
Cirque du Soleil
Paula Creamer
Ernie Els
New York Yankees
SAP Center
SAP Open
San Jose Sharks
Sony Ericsson Open
Tribeca Film Festival





See also



ASUG
openSAP
SAP Community Network
SAP Press












v
t
e


 Euro Stoxx 50 companies of the Euro Area




Last updated October 2015






Air Liquide
Airbus Group
Allianz
Anheuser-Busch InBev
ASML Holding
Assicurazioni Generali
AXA
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria
Banco Santander
BASF
Bayer
BMW
BNP Paribas
Carrefour
Saint-Gobain
Daimler AG
Deutsche Bank
Deutsche Post
Deutsche Telekom
Enel
Engie SA
Eni
E.ON
Essilor International
Fresenius SE
Groupe Danone
Iberdrola
Inditex
ING Group NV
Intesa Sanpaolo
L'Oréal
LVMH Moët Hennessy Louis Vuitton
Münchener Rückversicherungs-Gesellschaft
Nokia
Orange S.A.
Philips Electronics
SAFRAN
Sanofi
SAP SE
Schneider Electric
Siemens
Société Générale SA
Telefónica
Total S.A.
Unibail-Rodamco
UniCredit
Unilever
Vinci SA
Vivendi
Volkswagen Group












v
t
e


DAX companies of Germany






Adidas
Allianz
BASF
Bayer
Beiersdorf
BMW
Commerzbank
Continental
Daimler
Deutsche Bank
Deutsche Börse
Deutsche Post
Deutsche Telekom
E.ON
Fresenius
Fresenius Medical Care
HeidelbergCement
Henkel
Infineon Technologies
Linde
Lufthansa
Merck
Munich Re
ProSiebenSat.1 Media
RWE
SAP
Siemens
ThyssenKrupp
Volkswagen
Vonovia












v
t
e


Philadelphia-area corporations (including the Delaware Valley)




List of companies based in the Philadelphia area



Philadelphia-based Fortune 500
corporations (rank in the 2015 list)



Comcast (37)
Aramark (199)
Crown Holdings (321)





Delaware Valley-based Fortune 500
corporations (rank in the 2015 list)



AmerisourceBergen (16)
DuPont (87)
Lincoln National (223)
Universal Health Services (324)
Campbell Soup (342)
UGI (349)
Burlington Stores Inc. (500)





Other notable Philadelphia-based
businesses



Amoroso's
Beneficial Bank
Chemtura
Day & Zimmermann
FMC Corporation
Independence Blue Cross
Pennsylvania Real Estate Investment Trust
Pep Boys
Philadelphia Media Network
Radian Group
Urban Outfitters





Notable Philadelphia-based
professional partnerships



Ballard Spahr
Blank Rome
Cozen O'Connor
Dechert
Drinker Biddle & Reath
Duane Morris
Morgan, Lewis & Bockius
Pepper Hamilton
Saul Ewing
White and Williams





Other notable Delaware
Valley-based businesses



Actua Corporation
Airgas
AlliedBarton
Ametek
Aqua America
Asplundh
Bentley Systems
Brandywine Realty Trust
Boscov's
Carpenter Technology
Cephalon
Chemours
Christiana Care Health System
Crozer Keystone Health System
David's Bridal
DuckDuckGo
EPAM Systems
EnerSys
Liberty Property Trust
Penn Mutual
Penn National Gaming
Rita's Italian Ice
SEI Investments
SLM
SunGard
Susquehanna International Group
Vanguard
Toll Brothers
Triumph Group
Unisys
ViroPharma
Vishay Intertechnology
VWR
Wawa
Wilmington Trust
W. L. Gore and Associates
WSFS Bank





Notable Delaware Valley-based
US headquarters of
foreign businesses



Aberdeen Asset Management
ACE
AgustaWestland
AstraZeneca
Delaware Investments
GlaxoSmithKline
ING Group
Keystone Foods
SAP America
Siemens Medical
Shire Pharmaceuticals
Subaru
Teva Pharmaceuticals
TD Bank





Notable Delaware Valley-based
division headquarters of
US corporations



Acme (Cerberus Capital Management)
Centocor (Johnson & Johnson)
Colonial Penn (Conseco)
Delmarva Power (Exelon)
GSI Commerce (eBay)
Hercules (Ashland)
MAB Paints (Sherwin-Williams)
McNeil Laboratories (J&J)
Neoware (Hewlett-Packard)
PECO (Exelon)
QVC (Liberty Media)
Rohm and Haas (Dow Chemical)
Sunoco (Energy Transfer)
Tasty Baking (Flowers Foods)












v
t
e


Major information technology companies






Largest IT companies
Largest Internet companies
Largest software companies





Consulting and
outsourcing



Accenture
Atos
Booz Allen Hamilton
BMC Software
BT Global Services
CACI
Capgemini
CGI Group
Cognizant
Deloitte
Digital China
DXC Technology
Fujitsu
HCL Technologies
Hitachi Consulting
IBM Global Services
Indra Sistemas
Infosys
Infor
KPMG
Leidos
NEC
NTT DATA
Orange Business Services
T-Systems
Tata Consultancy Services
Tech Mahindra
Unisys
Wipro





Imaging



Canon Inc.
HP Inc.
Eastman Kodak
Fujifilm
Konica Minolta
Kyocera
Lexmark
Nikon
Olympus Corporation
Panasonic
Ricoh
Samsung Electronics
Seiko Epson
Sharp
Sony
Toshiba
Xerox





Information storage



ADATA
Dell Technologies
Dell EMC
Fujitsu
Hitachi Data Systems
Hewlett Packard Enterprise
IBM
Kingston Technology
LenovoEMC
NetApp
Oracle Corporation
Plextor
Samsung Electronics
Seagate Technology
Silicon Power
Sony
Toshiba
Transcend Information
Western Digital (SanDisk)





Internet



Baidu
Facebook
Google
IAC/InterActiveCorp
Microsoft
Naver
NetEase
Netflix
Oath
Tencent
Twitter
Uber
Vox Media
Yandex





Cloud computing




Akamai Technologies
Amazon Web Services
Google
IBM
Microsoft
Oracle Corporation
Rackspace
Salesforce.com








E-commerce only




Alibaba Group
Amazon.com
eBay
Flipkart
Groupon
JD.com
Shopify
Rakuten








Mainframes



Fujitsu
IBM





Mobile devices



Acer Inc.
Amazon.com
Apple
Asus
BBK Electronics (OPPO, OnePlus, Vivo)
BlackBerry Limited
Hisense
HTC
Huawei
I-Mobile
Karbonn Mobiles
Lava Mobiles (XOLO)
Lenovo (Motorola Mobility)
LG Electronics
Meizu
Micromax Informatics (YU Televentures)
Microsoft
Nokia
Panasonic
Samsung
Sony
TCL Corporation
True
Xiaomi
ZTE





Networking equipment



Avaya
Cisco Systems
Ericsson
Fujitsu
Hewlett Packard Enterprise
Huawei
Juniper Networks
Motorola Solutions
NEC
Nokia
Qualcomm
ZTE





OEMs



Celestica
Compal Electronics
Flextronics
Foxconn
Jabil
Pegatron
Quanta
Sanmina Corporation
TPV Technology
Wistron Corporation





Personal computers
and servers



Acer Inc.
Apple Inc.
Asus
Dell
Fujitsu
HP Inc.
Lenovo
LG Electronics
NEC
Panasonic
Positivo
Samsung Electronics
Toshiba





Servers only




Cisco Systems
Hewlett Packard Enterprise
IBM
Inspur
Oracle Corporation








Financial technology



Euronet Worldwide
FIS
PayPal
Fiserv
Jack Henry
SWIFT
Square





Point of sale



Casio
NCR
Panasonic
Samsung Electronics
Seiko Epson
Sharp
Star Micronics
Toshiba
Wincor Nixdorf





Semiconductors



Advanced Micro Devices
Broadcom
Fujitsu
Infineon Technologies
Integrated Micro-Electronics, Inc.
Intel
LG Electronics
Marvell Technology Group
MediaTek
Micron Technology
Nvidia
NXP Semiconductors (Freescale)
ON Semiconductor
Panasonic
Qualcomm
Renesas Electronics
Samsung Electronics
SK Hynix
Sony
STMicroelectronics
Texas Instruments
Toshiba
VIA Technologies





Foundries




GlobalFoundries
TSMC
United Microelectronics Corporation
SMIC








Equipment




Applied Materials
KLA-Tencor
Lam Research
Tokyo Electron








Software



Adobe Systems
Amadeus IT Group
Apple Inc.
Autodesk
BMC Software
CA Technologies
FIS
Google
Hewlett Packard Enterprise
IBM
Intuit
Infor
Microsoft
Oracle Corporation
Sage Group
SAP SE
Symantec
VMware





Telecommunications
services



América Móvil
AT&T
Bell Canada
Bezeq
Bharti Airtel
Bharat Sanchar Nigam Limited
BT Group
CenturyLink
China Mobile
China Telecom
China Unicom
Chunghwa Telecom
Comcast
Deutsche Telekom
Hutchison Asia
Idea Cellular
KDDI
KPN
KT Corporation
Mahanagar Telephone Nigam
MTN
MTS
Nippon
NTT DoCoMo
Oi
Orange S.A.
PCCW
Reliance
Shaw
Singtel
SK Telecom
SoftBank Mobile
Spark
Sprint Corporation
Swisscom
Tata Teleservices
Telecom Italia
Telefónica
Telenor
Telus
Telmex
Telstra
TPG
True
Türk Telekom
Veon
Verizon
Viettel
Vivendi
Vodafone





Travel technology



Amadeus IT Group
Sabre Corporation
Travelport





Video games



Activision Blizzard
Atari
Bandai Namco
Capcom‎
Electronic Arts
Epic Games
LucasArts
Koei Tecmo
Konami
NCsoft
Nexon
Nintendo
Sega
Sony
Square Enix
Take-Two Interactive
Tencent
Ubisoft
Warner Bros.






Methodology: FY2014/15 applicable revenues of over: group 1-3, 6-12 - US$3 billion; group 4 - US$2 billion; group 5,13,16 - US$1 billion










v
t
e


Accounting software






Comparison of accounting software





Open-source





Non-web




GnuCash
HomeBank
KMyMoney
RCA Open-Source Application
Tryton
TurboCASH






Web-based




Adempiere
Apache OFBiz
Compiere
Dolibarr
ERPNext
iDempiere
IntarS
LedgerSMB
metasfresh
Odoo
Openbravo
Tryton








Freeware



BIG4books
NolaPro
Outright
ZipBooks





Retail



Acumatica
Agresso
AME Accounting Software
Aplos Software
Aria Systems
Banktivity
CGram Software
Cheqbook
ClearBooks
Coda Financials
Eclipse ERP
FinancialForce.com
Fortora Fresh Finance
FreeAgent
Gem Accounts
JD Edwards
Invoiceit
Liberty Accounts
Microsoft Dynamics AX
Microsoft Dynamics GP
Microsoft Dynamics NAV
Microsoft Dynamics SL
Moneydance
MYOB
NetSuite
NewViews
NOSA XP
Open Systems Accounting Software
Oracle Applications
Pastel Accounting
QuickBooks
Quicken
Reckon
Sage 50 Accounting
Sage 300
SAP Business One
SAP ERP
Tally Solutions
TRAVERSE
Wave Accounting
Xero
You Need a Budget





File formats



NV2
OFC
OFX
QC
QFX
QIF
XBRL








 Category










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=SAP_SE&oldid=791384682"					
Categories: SAP SE1972 establishments in GermanyBanking software companiesCloud computing providersCompanies based in Baden-WürttembergCompanies established in 1972Companies listed on the New York Stock ExchangeCRM software companiesERP software companiesGerman brandsMultinational companies headquartered in GermanyOpenTravel AllianceSoftware companies of GermanySocietates EuropaeaeCompanies in the Euro Stoxx 501972 in computer science1978 in computer scienceHidden categories: Use British English from May 2015Use dmy dates from January 2013Pages using deprecated image syntaxArticles containing German-language textWikipedia articles needing clarification from April 2017Articles containing potentially dated statements from 2016All articles containing potentially dated statementsArticles lacking reliable references from July 2016All articles lacking reliable references 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia CommonsWikiversity 



Languages


AfrikaansالعربيةAzərbaycancaБългарскиBosanskiCatalàČeštinaDanskDeutschΕλληνικάEspañolEsperantoفارسیFrançaisFryskGalego한국어Հայերենहिन्दीHornjoserbsceHrvatskiBahasa IndonesiaItalianoעבריתಕನ್ನಡҚазақшаLatviešuLietuviųMagyarमराठीМонголNederlands日本語Norsk bokmålNorsk nynorskOʻzbekcha/ўзбекчаPolskiPortuguêsRomânăРусскийSlovenčinaСрпски / srpskiSrpskohrvatski / српскохрватскиSuomiSvenskaதமிழ்తెలుగుไทยTürkçeУкраїнськаTiếng Việt粵語中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 19 July 2017, at 22:37.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 










Creative Commons — Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported
— CC BY-SA 3.0 






















Skip to content








 Menu















Help us build a vibrant, collaborative global commons
Donate Now














Creative Commons


Creative Commons License Deed







Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported

(CC BY-SA 3.0)








This is a human-readable summary of (and not a substitute for) the license.


Disclaimer.






You are free to:


Share — copy and redistribute the material in any medium or format


Adapt — remix, transform, and build upon the material


for any purpose, even commercially.

















The licensor cannot revoke these freedoms as long as you follow the license terms.




Under the following terms:



Attribution — You must give appropriate credit, provide a link to the license, and indicate if changes were made. You may do so in any reasonable manner, but not in any way that suggests the licensor endorses you or your use.




Attribute this work:












ShareAlike — If you remix, transform, or build upon the material, you must distribute your contributions under the same license as the original.








No additional restrictions — You may not apply legal terms or technological measures that legally restrict others from doing anything the license permits.






Notices:



You do not have to comply with the license for elements of the material in the public domain or where your use is permitted by an applicable exception or limitation.


No warranties are given. The license may not give you all of the permissions necessary for your intended use. For example, other rights such as publicity, privacy, or moral rights may limit how you use the material.








Learn more about CC licensing, or use the license for your own material.






This content is freely available under simple legal terms because of Creative Commons, a non-profit that survives on donations. If you love this content, and love that it's free for everyone, please consider a donation to support our work.
Make a Donation






This page is available in the following languages:


Castellano
Castellano (España)
Català
Dansk
Deutsch
English
Esperanto
français
Galego
hrvatski
Indonesia
Italiano
Latviski
Lietuvių
Melayu
Nederlands
Norsk
polski
Português
Português (BR)
română
Slovenščina
Suomeksi
svenska
Türkçe
íslenska
česky
Ελληνικά
Беларуская
русский
українська
العربية
پارسی
中文
日本語
華語 (台灣)
한국어






This content is freely available under simple legal terms because of Creative Commons, a non-profit that survives on donations. If you love this content, and love that it's free for everyone, please consider a donation to support our work.
When you share, everyone wins.





Contribute today to Creative Commons




$100



$50



$25



$5































Disclaimer

This deed highlights only some of the key features and terms of the actual license. It is not a license and has no legal value. You should carefully review all of the terms and conditions of the actual license before using the licensed material.
Creative Commons is not a law firm and does not provide legal services. Distributing, displaying, or linking to this deed or the license that it summarizes does not create a lawyer-client or any other relationship.




What does "Attribute this work" mean?


The page you came from contained embedded licensing metadata, including how the creator wishes to be attributed for re-use. You can use the HTML here to cite the work. Doing so will also include metadata on your page so that others can find the original work as well.




The applicable mediation rules will be designated in the copyright notice published with the work, or if none then in the request for mediation. Unless otherwise designated in a copyright notice attached to the work, the UNCITRAL Arbitration Rules apply to any arbitration.
More info.




If supplied, you must provide the name of the creator and attribution parties, a copyright notice, a license notice, a disclaimer notice, and a link to the material. CC licenses prior to Version 4.0 also require you to provide the title of the material if supplied, and may have other slight differences.
More info.




In 4.0, you must indicate if you modified the material and retain an indication of previous modifications. In 3.0 and earlier license versions, the indication of changes is only required if you create a derivative.
Marking guide.
More info.




You may also use a license listed as compatible at https://creativecommons.org/compatiblelicenses
More info.




A commercial use is one primarily intended for commercial advantage or monetary compensation.
More info.




Merely changing the format never creates a derivative.
More info.




The license prohibits application of effective technological measures, defined with reference to Article 11 of the WIPO Copyright Treaty.
More info.




The rights of users under exceptions and limitations, such as fair use and fair dealing, are not affected by the CC licenses.
More info.




You may need to get additional permissions before using the material as you intend.
More info.


























SAP Software Solutions | Business Applications and Technology
















































Javascript must be enabled for the correct page display



Skip to Content















SAP.com United States








Stay on the United States site


Choose another country or region






Choose your country or region




Global


About SAP SE: English


Über SAP SE: Deutsch




Americas


Argentina
Bolivia
Brasil
Canada - English
Canada - Français
Chile
Colombia


Costa Rica
Ecuador
El Salvador
Guatemala
Honduras
Latin America
México


Panamá
Perú
Puerto Rico
República Dominicana
United States
Venezuela




Europe


Albanija
Belgique
België
Bosna i Hercegovina
Crna Gora
Danmark
Deutschland
Eesti
España
France
Hrvatska
Ireland
Italia
Latvija
Lietuva


Magyarország
Makedonija
Nederland
Norge
Österreich
Polska
Portugal
Romania
Schweiz
Slovenija
Slovensko
Srbija
Suisse
Suomi
Sverige


Türkiye
United Kingdom
Česká republika
Ελλάδα και Κύπρος
Азербайджан
Армения
Беларусь
България
Грузия
Молдавия
Россия
СНГ
Украина








Middle East and Africa


Africa
Angola
Bahrain
Egypt
Iraq
Jordan
Kenya
Kuwait
Lebanon
Libya
MENA
MENA (‏العربية‎)
Morocco
Nigeria


Oman
Pakistan
Palestine
Qatar
Saudi Arabia
South Africa
United Arab Emirates
Yemen
ישראל
الأردن‎
الامارات العربية المتحدة
البحرين
الجمهورية اليمنية
العـراق


الكويت
اسلامی جمہوریۂ پاكستان
المملكة العربية السعودية
عُمان
فلسطين‎
قطر
لبنان‎
ليبيا
مصر




Asia Pacific


Australia
Hongkong
India
Indonesia
Malaysia
New Zealand
Philippines
Singapore


South East Asia
Thailand
Việt Nam
Казахстан
Киргизия
Таджикистан
Туркменистан
Узбекистан


中国
台灣
日本
대한민국



















United States











To learn more about our company, visit SAP SE.


Erfahren Sie mehr über das Unternehmen SAP SE.
























Search

















Log On







Choose your country or region




Global


About SAP SE: English


Über SAP SE: Deutsch




Americas


Argentina
Bolivia
Brasil
Canada - English
Canada - Français
Chile
Colombia


Costa Rica
Ecuador
El Salvador
Guatemala
Honduras
Latin America
México


Panamá
Perú
Puerto Rico
República Dominicana
United States
Venezuela




Europe


Albanija
Belgique
België
Bosna i Hercegovina
Crna Gora
Danmark
Deutschland
Eesti
España
France
Hrvatska
Ireland
Italia
Latvija
Lietuva


Magyarország
Makedonija
Nederland
Norge
Österreich
Polska
Portugal
Romania
Schweiz
Slovenija
Slovensko
Srbija
Suisse
Suomi
Sverige


Türkiye
United Kingdom
Česká republika
Ελλάδα και Κύπρος
Азербайджан
Армения
Беларусь
България
Грузия
Молдавия
Россия
СНГ
Украина








Middle East and Africa


Africa
Angola
Bahrain
Egypt
Iraq
Jordan
Kenya
Kuwait
Lebanon
Libya
MENA
MENA (‏العربية‎)
Morocco
Nigeria


Oman
Pakistan
Palestine
Qatar
Saudi Arabia
South Africa
United Arab Emirates
Yemen
ישראל
الأردن‎
الامارات العربية المتحدة
البحرين
الجمهورية اليمنية
العـراق


الكويت
اسلامی جمہوریۂ پاكستان
المملكة العربية السعودية
عُمان
فلسطين‎
قطر
لبنان‎
ليبيا
مصر




Asia Pacific


Australia
Hongkong
India
Indonesia
Malaysia
New Zealand
Philippines
Singapore


South East Asia
Thailand
Việt Nam
Казахстан
Киргизия
Таджикистан
Туркменистан
Узбекистан


中国
台灣
日本
대한민국



















United States









Tell us what you think!

What describes your role best?


Shareholder



Analyst



Press



Customer



SAP Employee



Other




How would you rate the 2016 Integrated Report?


Excellent

Very Good

Good

Fair

Poor



How easily did you find the information you were looking for?


Very easy

Easy

Neutral

Difficult

Very difficult





Any additional comments?





Send your Feedback





Thank You!


Close





















Search






























































            Contact Us
        



Close


Call us at

+1-800-872-1727


Or see our complete list of  

local country numbers




















                            Chat Now
                        

                            Chat Offline
                        
Get live help and chat with an SAP representative.



Chat now
















Contact Us
E-mail us with comments, questions or feedback.

























 








































                                Jabil is transforming manufacturing


They’re using robotics, 3D printing, and SAP Leonardo technology to speed
transformation and drive innovative product design.  









Go to content














Featured Solutions














Digital Business







Internet of Things









Machine Learning







Small and Midsize Enterprises


































                                    4 ways leaders set themselves apart


In a global SAP and Oxford Economics survey, only 3% of executives said they had achieved enterprise-wide digitization. Explore their approach, results – and the four factors central to their success.




                                        Review the research
                                    

Review the research
























 News from SAP Leonardo Live


Explore new IoT solutions for logistics, manufacturing, and asset management – and how they drive unprecedented visibility into your business.




                                        Read the press release
                                    

Read the press release


































                                    What happens in Vegas – will be heard around the world      


SuccessConnect, Aug. 29-31, is the transformational HR event of the year. Spaces are filling up fast.




                                        Register now
                                    

Register now


































                                    SAP is a Big Data Warehouse leader


Forrester Wave Q2 2017 recognizes SAP Big Data Warehouse solutions for real-time analytics, scalability, and integration. 




                                        Read the Forrester report
                                    

Read the Forrester report



















        See what the SAP community is saying
    



Previous



















New SAP Leonardo Offerings Turn Digital Aspirations into Real-Life Implementations
This week SAP announced new products, services, and partner collaborations that will further bridge the gap between digital aspirations and real-life implementations.
























Automation Will Lead to Collaboration Between Man and Machine
Digitization and the next wave of automation will change the nature of work, eliminating some traditional jobs and impacting many more. But it will also create growth and new employment opportunities.
























Why Digital Leaders Focus On Customer Experience
From sea to shining sea, a very stark message is resonating when it comes to competing in today’s digital economy: The customer experience is king. It doesn’t matter what size company, industry or product.









Next






















Back to top






SAP SE - Wikipedia






















 






SAP SE

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search


SAP SE


Run simple







Type

Societas Europaea


Traded as
FWB: SAP
NYSE: SAP
DAX Component


Industry
Enterprise software


Founded
Weinheim, Germany
(1972; 45 years ago (1972))


Founder
Dietmar Hopp
Hans-Werner Hector
Hasso Plattner
Klaus Tschira
Claus Wellenreuther


Headquarters
Walldorf, Germany



Area served

Worldwide



Key people



Hasso Plattner (Chairman)
Bill McDermott (CEO)




Products
See list of SAP products


Revenue
 €22.062 billion (2016)[1]



Operating income

 €5.121 billion (2016)[1]


Profit
 €3.618 billion (2016)[1]


Total assets
 €44.354 billion (2016)[1]


Total equity
 €26.382 billion (2016)[1]



Number of employees

84,183 (Q4 2016)[1]


Website
SAP.com


SAP SE (/ɛseɪˈpi/) (Systeme, Anwendungen und Produkte in der Datenverarbeitung; "Systems, Applications & Products in Data Processing") is a German multinational software corporation that makes enterprise software to manage business operations and customer relations.[2] SAP is headquartered in Walldorf, Baden-Württemberg, with regional offices in 130 countries.[3] The company has over 335,000 customers in over 180 countries.[3] The company is a component of the Euro Stoxx 50 stock market index.[4]



Contents


1 History

1.1 Formation
1.2 Enterprise resource planning
1.3 Corporate restructuring
1.4 Focus on cloud
1.5 SAP S/4HANA
1.6 Acquisitions


2 Business and Markets
3 Enterprise Service-Oriented Architecture

3.1 Enterprise SOA


4 Partnerships
5 SAP PartnerEdge
6 Communities
7 Organization
8 SAP Labs
9 SAP User Groups
10 Conferences
11 Competitive landscape
12 Philanthropic efforts
13 Autism hiring
14 Bribery & Corruption

14.1 South African Allegations
14.2 Panamanian Bribery


15 See also
16 References
17 External links



History[edit]
Formation[edit]
When Xerox aimed to exit the computer industry in 1975,[5] they asked IBM to migrate their business systems to IBM technology. As part of IBM's compensation for the migration, IBM was given the rights to the Scientific Data Systems (SDS)/SAPE software, reportedly for a contract credit of $80,000.
Five IBM engineers from the AI department[6][7] (Dietmar Hopp, Klaus Tschira, Hans-Werner Hector, Hasso Plattner, and Claus Wellenreuther, all from Mannheim, Baden-Württemberg) were working in an enterprise-wide system based on this software, only to be told that it would no longer be necessary. Rather than abandoning the project, they decided to leave IBM Tech and start another company.[8]
In June 1970, they founded Systemanalyse und Programmentwicklung ("System Analysis and Program Development") company, as a private partnership under the German Civil Code.[8]
Their first client was the German branch of Imperial Chemical Industries[9] in Östringen, where they developed mainframe programs for payroll and accounting. Instead of storing the data on punch cards mechanically, as IBM did, they stored it locally[clarification needed]. Therefore, they called their software a real-time system, since there was no need to process the punch cards overnight (for this reason their flagship product carried an R in its name until the late 1990s). This first version was also a standalone software that could be offered to other interested parties.[10]
Enterprise resource planning[edit]
In 1973, the first commercial product was launched. It was called SAP R/98,[11] and offered a common system for multiple tasks. This permitted the use of a centralized data storage, improving the maintenance of data. From a technical point of view, therefore, a database was necessary.[12]
In 1976, SAP GmbH was founded, and moved its headquarters the following year to Walldorf, Germany. Three years later, in 1979, SAP launched SAP R/2, expanding the capabilities of the system to other areas, such as material management and production planning. In 1981, SAP brought a re-designed product to market. However, SAP R/2 did not improve until the period between 1985 and 1990. SAP released the new SAP R/3 in 1992. SAP developed and released several versions of R/3 through 1995. By the mid-1990s, SAP followed the trend from mainframe computing to client/server architectures. The development of SAP’s internet strategy with mySAP.com redesigned the concept of business processes (integration via Internet).[8] As a result, R/3 was replaced with the introduction of SAP ERP Central Component (ECC) 5.0 in  2004.[13] Architectural changes were also made to support an enterprise service architecture to transition customers to a services-oriented architecture. The latest version, SAP ERP 6.0, was released in 2006. SAP ERP 6.0 has since then been updated through SAP enhancement packs, the most recent: SAP enhancement package 8 for SAP ERP 6.0 in 2016.[14]
Corporate restructuring[edit]
In August 1988, SAP GmbH became SAP AG, and public trading started on 4 November 1988. Shares were listed on the Frankfurt and Stuttgart stock exchanges.[8] In 1995, SAP was included in the German stock index DAX and, on 22 September 2003, SAP was included in the Dow Jones STOXX 50.[15]
The company's official name became SAP AG (a public limited company) after the 2005 annual general meeting. In 2014, SAP changed from an AG to a European Company (Societas Europaea or SE).[16]
Focus on cloud[edit]
Since 2012, SAP has acquired several companies that sell cloud-based products, with several multibillion-dollar acquisitions seen by analysts as an attempt to challenge competitor Oracle.[17] In 2014 SAP bought Concur Technologies, a provider of cloud-based travel and expense management software, for $8.3 billion, SAP's most expensive purchase to that date.[18] Analysts' reactions to the purchase were mixed, with Thomas Becker of Commerzbank questioning whether Concur was the right choice for SAP, while Credit Suisse called the acquisition an "aggressive" move.[19]
In 2014, IBM and SAP began a partnership to sell cloud-based services.[20] Likewise, in 2015, SAP also partnered with HPE to provide secure hybrid cloud-based services running the SAP platform.[21] Both HPE and IBM provide infrastructure services to SAP, and SAP runs its SAP HANA cloud solution on top. SAP has announced additional partnerships with Microsoft in order to give customers tools for data visualization, as well as improved mobile applications.[22]
SAP exceeded its revenue projections due to the expansion in its cloud business and the success of SAP HANA. The growth can also be partially attributed to the acquisitions of Concur and Fieldglass.[23]
The company announced plans in 2016 to invest heavily into technology relating to Internet of Things (IoT) as part of a strategy to capitalize on the growth in that market. For that purpose, €2 billion ($2.2 bln) are planned to be invested in relevant sectors by the end of 2020.[24] To that end, SAP will also launch a new product line called SAP IoT, which "will combine large amounts of data from things connected to the Internet with machine learning and SAP's real-time database S/4 HANA."[24]
SAP S/4HANA[edit]
In 2015, the company launched SAP S/4HANA, the newest generation of the SAP Business Suite. It was written natively for the SAP HANA platform. It offers cloud, on-premises and hybrid deployment options to customers, with its benefits including a smaller data footprint, higher throughput, faster analytics and faster access to data. It also allows existing SAP Business Suite customers to upgrade to this product from SAP Business Suite.[25]
In 2016, SAP introduced SAP HANA, Express Edition which is meant to run on personal computers or on cloud computing platforms for students and other small-scale developers.[26]
Bill McDermott, CEO of SAP, compared the release of SAP S/4HANA to a "moonshot", describing it as the most important launch in the company’s history.[27]
Acquisitions[edit]


Acquisition number
Acquired company
Acquisition date
Specialty
Country of origin
Acquisition costs


64
Abakus
Dec 2016[28]
Marketing attribution
USA



63
Plat.One
Oct2016
IoT
USA



62
Altiscale
Aug 2016
Big Data and Hadoop Hosting
USA
$125m+


61
Fedem Technology
Jun 2016
IoT
Norway



60
MeLLmo Inc. (Roambi )
Feb 2016
Mobile Business Intelligence
USA



59
Concur Technologies
Sept 2014
Travel and Expense Management
USA
$8.3b


58
SeeWhy
May 2014
Behavioral target marketing
USA
$1.1b


57
Fieldglass
Mar 2014
Contingent labor and services
USA



56
KXEN
Oct 2013
Predictive analytics
France



55
hybris
May 2013
E-Commerce Solutions
Switzerland



54
Camilion
March 2013
Insurance solutions
Canada



53
SmartOps
Feb 2013
Inventory optimization
USA



52
Ticket-Web
Feb 2013
CRM for sports and entertainment promoters
USA



51
Ariba
Oct 2012
Supplier network
USA
$4.3b


50
Syclo
Jun 2012
Mobile asset management
USA



49
datango
Jan 2012
Electronic performance support technologies
Germany



48
SuccessFactors
Dec 2011
Human Capital Management
USA
$3.4b


47
Right Hemisphere
Sep 2011
3D visualization
USA



46
Crossgate
Sep 2011
B2B eCommerce
Germany



45
Secude
Mar 2011
Security software (Not the whole company, only some assets were acquired)
Germany



44
Cundus
Dec 2010
Disclosure Management
Germany



43
Sybase
May 2010
Database, middleware, mobile software
USA
$5.8b


42
TechniData
May 2010
Environmental, Health and Safety
Germany



41
SAF
Sep 2009
Inventory Management
Switzerland
$91m


40
Highdeal
May 2009
High-volume billing
France



39
Visiprise
Jul 2008
Manufacturing Execution
USA



38
Saicon INC
Oct 2014
US Recruitment
India



37
Business Objects
Oct 2007
Business Intelligence
France
$6.78b


36
Yasu Technologies Pvt. Ltd.
Oct 2007
Business Rules Management Software
India



35
Wicom Communications
May 2007
Internet Communication software
Finland



34
MaXware
May 2007
Identity software
Norway



33
Outlooksoft
May 2007
Planning & consolidation
USA



32
Pilot Software
Feb 2007
Strategy Management software
USA
~$200m


31
Factory Logic
Dec 2006
Lean scheduling and supply synchronization
USA



30
Praxis Software Solutions
Jul 2006
Web-based CRM and eCommerce
USA



29
Frictionless Commerce
May 2006
SRM software
USA



28
Virsa Systems
Apr 2006
Compliance solutions
USA



27
SAP Systems Integration
Dec 2005
Consulting services
Germany



26
Callixa
Nov 2005
Enterprise Integration Information software
USA



25
Khimetrics
Nov 2005
retail software
USA



24
Triversity
Sep 2005
POS software
Canada



23
Lighthammer
Jun 2005
Manufacturing Intelligence and Collaborative Manufacturing
USA



22
DCS Quantum
Feb 2005
Automotive Dealer Management
United Kingdom



21
TomorrowNow
Jan 2005
grey-market support
USA



20
ilytix
Jan 2005
SAP BusinessOne Business Intelligence
Norway



19
A2i
Jul 2004
Master Data Management
USA



18
SPM Technologies
Dec 2003
IT architecture consulting
Germany



17
DCW Software
Jul 2003
OS/400 Applications
Germany



16
Guimachine
Dec 2002
NetWeaver Visual Composer toolkit
USA



15
IMHC
May 2001
Integrated managed health care from IDS
USA



14
Expression
May 2002
real-time file sharing
 ?



13
Topmanage
Feb 2002
SAP BusinessOne Suite
Israel



12
Paynet International AG
Dec 2001
Invoice Processing
Germany



11
COPA GmbH
Nov 2001
Beverage industry consulting
Germany



10
Infinite Data Structures
May 2001
Trade Management / CRM
USA



9
Toptier
Mar 2001
Enterprise Information Portal and Integration Infrastructure
USA
~$400m


8
Prescient Consulting
Feb 2000
Consulting services
USA



7
In-Q-My Technologies GmbH
2000
J2EE Server
Bulgaria



6
Campbell Software
1999
Workforce Management
USA



5
AMC Development
1998
Call Center telephony integration software
USA



4
OFEK-Tech
1998
Warehousing and distribution center software
Israel



3
Kiefer & Veittinger
1997
Sales force Applications
Germany



2
Dacos
1996
Retail solution
Germany



Business and Markets[edit]
As of 2016[update], SAP is the world's third largest software and programming company.[29] The corporation operates in six geographic regions: EMEA (Europe, Middle East, Africa), MEE (Middle and Eastern Europe: which includes the subregions DACH, CEE and CIS), NA (United States and Canada), LAC (Latin America and Caribbean), Greater China (PRC, ROC) and APJ (Asia Pacific and Japan).[30]
SAP focuses on 25 industries and six industry sectors: process industries, discrete industries, consumer industries, service industries, financial services and public services.[31] It offers integrated product sets for large enterprises,[32] mid-sized companies and small businesses.[33]
Enterprise Service-Oriented Architecture[edit]
Service-oriented architecture has been incorporated into the SAP ERP (Enterprise Resource Planning) system and other products defined within the SAP Enterprise Services Architecture (Enterprise SOA).
Enterprise SOA[edit]
SAP Enterprise Service Oriented Architecture (or Enterprise SOA) is SAP SE's service-oriented architecture implementation.[34] Enterprise SOA is enabled by the SAP NetWeaver platform and builds on the benefits of Web services. SAP has positioned Enterprise SOA to deliver the benefits offered by service-oriented architecture, including enabling both flexibility and business efficiency. SAP markets Enterprise SOA as a cost-effective way of adding new applications to existing infrastructure.[35] SAP Solutions that currently use Enterprise SOA are mySAP CRM, mySAP ERP, and mySAP SRM.
Partnerships[edit]
SAP partners include Global Services Partners with cross-industry multinational consulting capabilities,[36] Global Software Partners providing integrated products that complement SAP Business Suite solutions,[37] and Global Technology Partners providing user companies with a wide range of products to support SAP technology, including vendors of hardware, database, storage systems, networks, and mobile computing technology.[38]
Extensions partners: this is a small number of companies which provide functionality that complements SAP product capabilities. Their products are certified, sold, and supported by SAP. These partner companies include Adobe, CA Technologies, GK Software,[39] Hewlett-Packard, IDS Scheer, OpenText, Redwood Software, Vistex Inc., Insync Techfin Solution Ltd, Meridian Global Services, Knoa Software, Nakisa Inc, ICON-SCM, BackOffice Associates, Prometheus Group and SmartOps.[40], syslink, scn.sap.com; retrieved 24 April 2011."LinguaNext". Facebook. Retrieved 6 November 2012. 
SAP PartnerEdge[edit]
SAP products for small businesses and midsize companies are delivered through its global partner network. In 2008, SAP signed SAP Global Service partnership with HCL Technologies, a $6 billion technology service provider, headquartered in India.[41]
SAP PartnerEdge signed with ENFOS, Inc., a software as a service company, to develop their EcoHub Partner Sustainability Solution platform. The SAP PartnerEdge program, SAP's partner program, offers a set of business enablement resources and program benefits to help partners including value-added resellers (VARs) and independent software vendors (ISVs) be profitable and successful in implementing, selling, marketing, developing and delivering SAP products to a broad range of customers.[42] .
Communities[edit]
SAP Community Network (SCN) is a community of SAP customers, partners, employees, and influencers – typically in roles such as: developers, consultants, integrators, and business analysts – who gain and share knowledge about ABAP, Java, .NET, SOA, and other technologies, plus analytics and dashboards, business process best practices, cloud, mobile, big data, and a range of other topics via blogs, discussion forums, downloads and code samples, training materials, and a technical library.[43]
Organization[edit]





This section relies too much on references to primary sources. Please improve this section by adding secondary or tertiary sources. (July 2016) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)


SAP uses a two-tier structure of boards, with an executive board and a supervisory board. As of 2016, members of the executive board were Bill McDermott (CEO and Chairman, joined in 2008), Robert Enslin (2014) Bernd Leukert (2014), Luka Mucic (CFO, 2014), Michael Kleinemeier (2015), Stefan Ries (2016), Steve Singh (2016) and Gerhard Oswald (1996).[44]
Functional units of SAP are split across different organizational units for R&D needs, field activities and customer support. SAP Labs are mainly responsible for product development whereas the field organizations spread across each country are responsible for field activities such sales, marketing and consulting. Headquarters is responsible for overall management as well as core Engineering activities related to product development. Worldwide customer support is not provided by the field organizations but by a unified organization called Active Global Support (AGS).[45]
SAP Labs[edit]
SAP Labs[46] are R&D locations that develop and improve SAP core products. SAP Labs are strategically located in high-tech clusters around the globe.
SAP Labs are located in Germany (main locations: Walldorf/Rot, Markdorf, Berlin), United States (main location: Silicon Valley), India (main location: Bangalore), China (main location: Shanghai), Brazil (main location: Sao Leopoldo), Bulgaria (main location: Sofia), Canada (main locations: Vancouver, Montreal), Vietnam (main location: Ho Chi Minh City), Israel (main location: Ra’anana), CIS (main location: Moscow), France (main location: Paris, Sophia Antipolis), Ireland (main location: Dublin), Hungary (main location: Budapest), Slovakia (main location: Bratislava), Czech Republic (main location: Brno), Poland (main location: Gliwice).
SAP’s main 4 Labs’ locations are Germany, India, China and the US. Labs Walldorf was founded in 1972 and became SAP’s first location. At the beginning, the focus of SAP expansion was entering highly developed IT markets: in 1993 Palo Alto becomes a part of SAP Labs‘ locations. Aiming to acquire talented employees, in 1998, SAP opens its Labs in Bangalore, in 2003 – in China.
Among the latest SAP Labs are Labs Czech Republic, Slovakia and Poland. All three labs have been established in 2016.
Based on SAP HANA in-memory platform, SAP Labs develop innovative products for 98 of the 100 most-valuable global brands using cutting-edge methodologies and technologies.
In order to manage SAP Labs, SAP Labs Network (SLN) was created. SLN is a global unit that manages regional Labs and shares best business practices. It coordinates and distributes development projects among individual SAP Labs locations, accelerates product delivery, gives SAP full access to talent, and drives SAP corporate strategy regarding innovation and business growth.
SAP User Groups[edit]
SAP User Groups are independent, non-profit organizations of SAP customers and SAP partners. They serve as communications channel for their members towards SAP and for SAP towards the markets. The Americas' SAP Users’ Group (ASUG) is the company’s largest user group, with 100,000 individuals at 3,800 companies. ASUG members are professionals who work in more than 17 industries. Many are technical and business process experts in the SAP ecosystem; they have varied levels of experience, and come from small businesses to global corporations, as well as universities. In 2007, the SAP User Group Executive Network (SUGEN) was established.
SAP provoked controversy and frustration among its users in 2008 by raising the cost of its maintenance contracts. The issue was the subject of intense discussion among user groups.[47]
Conferences[edit]
SAP has two annual conferences: SAPPHIRE and SAP TechEd. SAPPHIRE is SAP's customer-facing event.[48][49] It is generally where SAP announces major product changes and strategic direction. It is typically held in the spring in North America.
SAP TechEd is the more technical conference, aimed at SAP's ecosystem of consultants and software development partners.[50][51] SAP TechEd has been held since 1995, usually in four locations in the fall. In 2014-15, SAP TechEd was held in three locations, between fall and early spring.
Competitive landscape[edit]
SAP competitors are primarily in the enterprise resource planning software industry. In this field, Oracle Corporation is SAP's major competitor. SAP also competes in the customer relationship management, marketing & sales software, manufacturing, warehousing & industrial software, and supply chain management & logistics software sectors.[52]
Oracle Corporation filed a lawsuit against SAP for malpractice and unfair competition in the California courts in 2007. SAP lost the case in 2010 and was ordered to pay a sum of US $1.3 billion, which was cited as the largest copyright infringement judgment in history.[53] The verdict was overturned in 2011[54] and the lawsuit was finally settled in 2014 for $356.7 million.[55]
The resulting pressure saw SAP and SUGEN (SAP User Group Executive Network) agree to a major benchmarking exercise to prove the value of the new support pricing policy to customers. In December 2009, SAP delayed its Enterprise Support price rises until agreement had been reached on the benchmarks and KPIs (Key Performance Indicators).[56]
In January 2010, SAP reversed its direction on Enterprise Support and reintroduced its standard support package for customers. The move to reinstate standard support – at 18 percent of annual license fees, "will enable all customers to choose the option that best meets their requirements", the company said.[57]
In August 2013, SAP acquired Hybris publicly for eCommerce capabilities after failing in a bid for Neolane. The rationale for the acquisition of Hybris was really for product catalog and product information management.[58]
Philanthropic efforts[edit]
SAP has donated several million dollars to a variety of global health causes including the Product Red campaign and the Global Fund.[59][60] In addition, SAP has distributed free software in South Africa as part of an effort towards developing future markets there.[61] The company also encourages employees to volunteer through social sabbaticals, sending teams of people to different countries to aid non-profits. SAP employees have volunteered in China, India, Brazil, and South Africa. [62]
Autism hiring[edit]
SAP also engages in outreach activities within its company. In 2013, the company launched an initiative to hire employees with autism and Asperger syndrome, citing their undervalued ability to contribute to its workforce. SAP aims to compose 1% of its workforce with autistic people by the year 2020.[63]
Bribery & Corruption[edit]
South African Allegations[edit]
In July 2017 allegations came to light that SAP had been involved in business transactions with the controversial Gupta family in South Africa. SAP was accused of paying CAD House, a Gupta-controlled company, R100 million in order to secure a Transnet deal. SAP denied the allegations, claiming that the money was paid as "an extension of the sales force", despite CAD House having no prior SAP experience.[64][65]
The Gupta family have been implicated in a net of corruption in South Africa due to their close relationship with South African President Jacob Zuma. In a widespread e-mail leak many more of the Gupta family's dark business deals came to light including a racial division campaign by British PR firm Bell Pottinger[66]. It was in these e-mails that the dealings of SAP with the Gupta family came to light as well[67].
As a consequence of the allegations, SAP launched an investigation that led to four of its South African managers being placed on administrative leave along with the seizure of their mobile phones and computers.[68] In the meantime, Claas Kuehnemann was named as acting managing director for Africa while the investigation continues.[69]
Panamanian Bribery[edit]
In May 2015 SAP agreed to pay $3.9 million to settle U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission civil charges over a former executive's scheme to bribe Panama government officials in order to win lucrative technology contracts.[70]
See also[edit]


Companies portal
Computer Science portal



List of SAP products
SAP Fiori
SAP Implementation
List of ERP software packages
SAP Center, an indoor arena in San Jose, California that bears the company's name via a sponsorship contract

References[edit]


^ a b c d e f "SAP Q4 2016 Quarterly Statement" (PDF). SAP SE. Retrieved 31 January 2017. 
^ "SAP Company History". Retrieved 25 January 2017. 
^ a b "SAP at a Glance: Company Information". Retrieved 27 January 2015. 
^ "Börse Frankfurt (Frankfurt Stock Exchange): Stock market quotes, charts and news". 
^ Holmes, Edith. "IBM Opposes Retelling of Whole Xerox Story in Court", Computerworld, p. 42, 26 January 1976.
^ "History of SAP AG". Retrieved 3 May 2013. 
^ International Directory of Company Histories, Vol. 16. St James Press, 1997.
^ a b c d Staff. "SAP History: From Start-Up Software Vendor to Global Market Leader". Retrieved 10 October 2010. 
^ SAP UK – ICI Success Story, Sap.com (1 January 1999); retrieved 24 April 2011.
^ "Standard Application Software for Real-time processing is developed". 
^ "seize new opportunities by SAP". 
^ "Vom Programmierbüro zum globalen Softwareproduzenten: Die Erfolgsfaktoren der SAP von der Gründung bis zum R/3-Boom, 1972 bis 1996". Chbeck.metapress.com. 14 November 2008. Retrieved 27 March 2014. 
^ Solutions, Cipher Business. "SAP ECC Modules - Cipher Business Solutions". Cipher Business Solutions. Retrieved 2017-03-29. 
^ LinkedIn; https://www.linkedin.com/pulse/latest-version-sap-erp-available-ecc-60-ehp7-what-do-you-rakesh-singh
^ "STOXX Limited Announces Changes to its Blue-Chip Index Series" (Press release). Stoxx. 1 September 2003. Retrieved 21 October 2016. 
^ "Company Q & A". Investor Relations. SAP.com. Retrieved 27 May 2015. 
^ Wong, Kenneth; Bass, Dina (23 May 2012). "SAP to Acquire Ariba for $4.3 Billion in Push Into Cloud". Bloomberg News. 
^ "SAP To Acquire Concur Technologies To Boost Cloud Sales". Forbes. 22 September 2014. 
^ Mahadevan, Neetha; Doerner, Stephan (19 September 2014). "SAP to Acquire Concur Technologies". The Wall Street Journal. 
^ "IBM and SAP Score Win Over Amazon". BusinessInsider. 14 October 2014. 
^ "HP News - HP and SAP Accelerate Journey to SAP® S/4HANA on HP Helion Managed Cloud". www8.hp.com. Retrieved 2017-03-26. 
^ "Microsoft and SAP Strengthen Ties with Mobile, Data, Cloud Partnership". TechCrunch. 19 May 2014. 
^ SAP Posts Strong 2014 Results, Cloud Business to Drive Future Growth , Forbes, 22 January 2015
^ a b Reuters. "SAP Plans to Invest $2.2 Billion in the Internet of Things by 2020". Fortune. Retrieved 2017-07-17. 
^ "Answers on SAP upgradation to SAP S/4HANA". 
^ Larry Dignan (16 September 2016). "SAP aims to court more HANA developers, launches express edition". ZDNet. Retrieved 19 November 2016. 
^ "SAP S4/HANA – the user, analyst and partner views", Diginomica.com, 3 February 2015.
^ SAP announces acquisition of Abakus
^ "The World’s Biggest Public Companies, Software & Programming". Forbes. Retrieved 21 October 2016. 
^ "Worldwide Office Directory of SAP". 
^ "Business in Brief: Markets". SAP. Retrieved 15 October 2007. 
^ "Midmarket Solutions: SAP ALL-IN-ONE – Solutions for mid-size companies". Annual Report 2006. SAP.ocm. Retrieved 15 October 2007. 
^ "Industry Solutions: Innovation – One Industry at a Time". Annual Report 2006. SAP.com. Retrieved 15 October 2007. 
^ SAP - Enterprise Service-Oriented Architecture: Adoption Program, global.sap.com; accessed 27 May 2015.
^ "When Does a Web Service Become an Enterprise Service?" by Dr Franz-Josef Fritz (SAP AG), SAP Insider, April–May–June 2004.
^ SAP – Global & Local Partner Directories: Global Services Partners. SAP AG. Retrieved 7 July 2011.
^ SAP – Global & Local Partner Directories: Global Software Partners. Sap.com (30 June 2009). Retrieved on 7 July 2011.
^ SAP – Global & Local Partner Directories: Global Technology Partners, go.sap.com; retrieved 7 July 2011.
^ SAP Offers Retailers in North America a Full Range of Store Solutions to Optimize Their Businesses Through Extended Global Reseller Agreement With GK Software. sap-news.com (28 May 2013). Retrieved on 22 May 2015.
^ Solution Extensions Software from
^ SAP – HCL Technologies Announces Global Services Partnership With SAP to Deliver Joint Business Value Through ‘Customer Centric Ecosystem’, Sap.com; retrieved 7 July 2011.
^ SAP – SAP Solutions for Small Businesses and Midsize Companies: Press Fact Sheet, July 2007. SAP.com; retrieved 7 July 2011.
^ SAP – Communities. go.sap.com; retrieved 7 July 2011.
^ "SAP Executive Board". SAP. 
^ "SAP launches Global Support Center". 
^ "R&D Locations | SAP Labs | About SAP SE". SAP. Retrieved 2016-04-29. 
^ SAP faces user wrath over price hikes. Computerworlduk.com. Retrieved on 7 July 2011.
^ "SAP unveils SuccessFactors cloud computing roadmap as it squares up to Oracle". V3.co.uk. Retrieved 29 February 2012. 
^ "SAP Rolls Out Updates at SAPPHIRE". InternetNews. 17 June 2003. Retrieved 29 February 2012. 
^ "SAP TechEd '05 in Bangalore". Articles.timesofindia.indiatimes.com. 22 September 2005. Retrieved 29 February 2012. 
^ "SAP TechEd to Go Deep on Mobility". Pcworld.com. 8 October 2010. Retrieved 29 February 2012. 
^ Staff. "SAP Competitors". 
^ Levine, Dan (23 November 2010). "SAP to pay Oracle $1.3 billion in landmark decision". Reuters. Thomson Reuters. Retrieved 2 October 2015. 
^ "Oracle Verdict Against SAP Is Overturned". Associated Press. 1 September 2011. Retrieved 12 January 2015. .
^ "Oracle, SAP Settle Long-Running TomorrowNow Lawsuit". Reuters. 13 November 2014. Retrieved 14 August 2015. .
^ SAP delays Enterprise Support price rises. Computerworlduk.com; retrieved 7 July 2011.
^ SAP does U-turn on Enterprise Support. Computerworlduk.com; retrieved 7 July 2011.
^ "SAP buys Hybris, gains customer experience, power", informationweek.com; accessed 27 May 2015.
^ "(RED) Partners". (RED). The ONE Campaign. 14 October 2012. Retrieved 27 May 2015. 
^ "What This Giant Software Company Is Doing to Advance Global Health". Inside Philanthropy. 8 October 2014. Retrieved 13 November 2016. 
^ "The Business Case for Strategic Philanthropy". TriplePundit. 8 August 2013. Retrieved 13 November 2016. 
^ "How EY and SAP are championing corporate volunteering". The Guardian. 11 February 2014. Retrieved 13 November 2016. 
^ "SAP in autism recruitment drive". BBC News. 22 May 2013. 
^ "#GuptaLeaks: Software giant paid Gupta front R100m 'kickbacks' for state business". News24. Retrieved 2017-07-11. 
^ "amaBhungane - #GuptaLeaks: Software giant SAP paid Gupta front R100m “kickbacks” for state business". amabhungane.co.za. Retrieved 2017-07-11. 
^ "Guptas just tip of SA's corruption ice-berg - Saftu". Fin24. Retrieved 2017-07-11. 
^ "Software giant pulled into Gupta saga with allegations of R100 million kickbacks". Retrieved 2017-07-11. 
^ "Germany’s SAP to investigate South Africa kickback allegations". Financial Times. 
^ Writer, Staff. "SAP names Kuehnemann as acting MD". ITWeb Technology News. Retrieved 2017-07-17. 
^ "#PanamaBribery: SAP settles with SEC over Panama bribery scheme". Reuters. Retrieved 2017-07-14. 


External links[edit]



Wikimedia Commons has media related to SAP.



Official website



Business data for SAP SE:
Reuters
SEC filings










v
t
e


SAP SE



Founders



Dietmar Hopp
Hans-Werner Hector
Hasso Plattner
Klaus Tschira
Claus Wellenreuther








Board of directors



Hasso Plattner (Chairman)
Lars Lamadé (Deputy Chairman)
Pekka Ala-Pietilä
Thomas Bamberger
Panagiotis Bissiritsas
Wilhelm Haarmann
Peter Koop
Christiane Kuntz-Mayr
Bernard Liautaud
Gerhard Maier
Hartmut Mehdorn
Hans-Bernd Meier
Joachim Milberg
Erhard Schipporeit
Stefan Schulz
Klaus Wucherer





Executive board



Bill McDermott
Robert Enslin
Michael Kleinemeier
Bernd Leukert
Gerhard Oswald
Luka Mucic
Michael Kleinemeier
Stefan Ries
Steve Singh





Technologies



SAP HANA
SAP Netweaver
Service-oriented architecture
Enterprise modelling
Application lifecycle management
Enterprise mobility
Application lifecycle management





Major locations



Corporate/EMEA headquarters: Walldorf, Germany
Americas HQ: Newtown Square, USA
Asia-Pacific HQ: Singapore





Major SAP Labs locations (R&D)



Bangalore, India
Palo Alto, US
São Leopoldo, Brazil
Ra'anana, Israel
Shanghai, China
Sophia-Antipolis, France
Montreal, Canada





Acquisitions



Ariba
Concur Technologies
SAP Business Objects
SuccessFactors
Sybase





Sponsorships



Andy Roddick
Cirque du Soleil
Paula Creamer
Ernie Els
New York Yankees
SAP Center
SAP Open
San Jose Sharks
Sony Ericsson Open
Tribeca Film Festival





See also



ASUG
openSAP
SAP Community Network
SAP Press












v
t
e


 Euro Stoxx 50 companies of the Euro Area




Last updated October 2015






Air Liquide
Airbus Group
Allianz
Anheuser-Busch InBev
ASML Holding
Assicurazioni Generali
AXA
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria
Banco Santander
BASF
Bayer
BMW
BNP Paribas
Carrefour
Saint-Gobain
Daimler AG
Deutsche Bank
Deutsche Post
Deutsche Telekom
Enel
Engie SA
Eni
E.ON
Essilor International
Fresenius SE
Groupe Danone
Iberdrola
Inditex
ING Group NV
Intesa Sanpaolo
L'Oréal
LVMH Moët Hennessy Louis Vuitton
Münchener Rückversicherungs-Gesellschaft
Nokia
Orange S.A.
Philips Electronics
SAFRAN
Sanofi
SAP SE
Schneider Electric
Siemens
Société Générale SA
Telefónica
Total S.A.
Unibail-Rodamco
UniCredit
Unilever
Vinci SA
Vivendi
Volkswagen Group












v
t
e


DAX companies of Germany






Adidas
Allianz
BASF
Bayer
Beiersdorf
BMW
Commerzbank
Continental
Daimler
Deutsche Bank
Deutsche Börse
Deutsche Post
Deutsche Telekom
E.ON
Fresenius
Fresenius Medical Care
HeidelbergCement
Henkel
Infineon Technologies
Linde
Lufthansa
Merck
Munich Re
ProSiebenSat.1 Media
RWE
SAP
Siemens
ThyssenKrupp
Volkswagen
Vonovia












v
t
e


Philadelphia-area corporations (including the Delaware Valley)




List of companies based in the Philadelphia area



Philadelphia-based Fortune 500
corporations (rank in the 2015 list)



Comcast (37)
Aramark (199)
Crown Holdings (321)





Delaware Valley-based Fortune 500
corporations (rank in the 2015 list)



AmerisourceBergen (16)
DuPont (87)
Lincoln National (223)
Universal Health Services (324)
Campbell Soup (342)
UGI (349)
Burlington Stores Inc. (500)





Other notable Philadelphia-based
businesses



Amoroso's
Beneficial Bank
Chemtura
Day & Zimmermann
FMC Corporation
Independence Blue Cross
Pennsylvania Real Estate Investment Trust
Pep Boys
Philadelphia Media Network
Radian Group
Urban Outfitters





Notable Philadelphia-based
professional partnerships



Ballard Spahr
Blank Rome
Cozen O'Connor
Dechert
Drinker Biddle & Reath
Duane Morris
Morgan, Lewis & Bockius
Pepper Hamilton
Saul Ewing
White and Williams





Other notable Delaware
Valley-based businesses



Actua Corporation
Airgas
AlliedBarton
Ametek
Aqua America
Asplundh
Bentley Systems
Brandywine Realty Trust
Boscov's
Carpenter Technology
Cephalon
Chemours
Christiana Care Health System
Crozer Keystone Health System
David's Bridal
DuckDuckGo
EPAM Systems
EnerSys
Liberty Property Trust
Penn Mutual
Penn National Gaming
Rita's Italian Ice
SEI Investments
SLM
SunGard
Susquehanna International Group
Vanguard
Toll Brothers
Triumph Group
Unisys
ViroPharma
Vishay Intertechnology
VWR
Wawa
Wilmington Trust
W. L. Gore and Associates
WSFS Bank





Notable Delaware Valley-based
US headquarters of
foreign businesses



Aberdeen Asset Management
ACE
AgustaWestland
AstraZeneca
Delaware Investments
GlaxoSmithKline
ING Group
Keystone Foods
SAP America
Siemens Medical
Shire Pharmaceuticals
Subaru
Teva Pharmaceuticals
TD Bank





Notable Delaware Valley-based
division headquarters of
US corporations



Acme (Cerberus Capital Management)
Centocor (Johnson & Johnson)
Colonial Penn (Conseco)
Delmarva Power (Exelon)
GSI Commerce (eBay)
Hercules (Ashland)
MAB Paints (Sherwin-Williams)
McNeil Laboratories (J&J)
Neoware (Hewlett-Packard)
PECO (Exelon)
QVC (Liberty Media)
Rohm and Haas (Dow Chemical)
Sunoco (Energy Transfer)
Tasty Baking (Flowers Foods)












v
t
e


Major information technology companies






Largest IT companies
Largest Internet companies
Largest software companies





Consulting and
outsourcing



Accenture
Atos
Booz Allen Hamilton
BMC Software
BT Global Services
CACI
Capgemini
CGI Group
Cognizant
Deloitte
Digital China
DXC Technology
Fujitsu
HCL Technologies
Hitachi Consulting
IBM Global Services
Indra Sistemas
Infosys
Infor
KPMG
Leidos
NEC
NTT DATA
Orange Business Services
T-Systems
Tata Consultancy Services
Tech Mahindra
Unisys
Wipro





Imaging



Canon Inc.
HP Inc.
Eastman Kodak
Fujifilm
Konica Minolta
Kyocera
Lexmark
Nikon
Olympus Corporation
Panasonic
Ricoh
Samsung Electronics
Seiko Epson
Sharp
Sony
Toshiba
Xerox





Information storage



ADATA
Dell Technologies
Dell EMC
Fujitsu
Hitachi Data Systems
Hewlett Packard Enterprise
IBM
Kingston Technology
LenovoEMC
NetApp
Oracle Corporation
Plextor
Samsung Electronics
Seagate Technology
Silicon Power
Sony
Toshiba
Transcend Information
Western Digital (SanDisk)





Internet



Baidu
Facebook
Google
IAC/InterActiveCorp
Microsoft
Naver
NetEase
Netflix
Oath
Tencent
Twitter
Uber
Vox Media
Yandex





Cloud computing




Akamai Technologies
Amazon Web Services
Google
IBM
Microsoft
Oracle Corporation
Rackspace
Salesforce.com








E-commerce only




Alibaba Group
Amazon.com
eBay
Flipkart
Groupon
JD.com
Shopify
Rakuten








Mainframes



Fujitsu
IBM





Mobile devices



Acer Inc.
Amazon.com
Apple
Asus
BBK Electronics (OPPO, OnePlus, Vivo)
BlackBerry Limited
Hisense
HTC
Huawei
I-Mobile
Karbonn Mobiles
Lava Mobiles (XOLO)
Lenovo (Motorola Mobility)
LG Electronics
Meizu
Micromax Informatics (YU Televentures)
Microsoft
Nokia
Panasonic
Samsung
Sony
TCL Corporation
True
Xiaomi
ZTE





Networking equipment



Avaya
Cisco Systems
Ericsson
Fujitsu
Hewlett Packard Enterprise
Huawei
Juniper Networks
Motorola Solutions
NEC
Nokia
Qualcomm
ZTE





OEMs



Celestica
Compal Electronics
Flextronics
Foxconn
Jabil
Pegatron
Quanta
Sanmina Corporation
TPV Technology
Wistron Corporation





Personal computers
and servers



Acer Inc.
Apple Inc.
Asus
Dell
Fujitsu
HP Inc.
Lenovo
LG Electronics
NEC
Panasonic
Positivo
Samsung Electronics
Toshiba





Servers only




Cisco Systems
Hewlett Packard Enterprise
IBM
Inspur
Oracle Corporation








Financial technology



Euronet Worldwide
FIS
PayPal
Fiserv
Jack Henry
SWIFT
Square





Point of sale



Casio
NCR
Panasonic
Samsung Electronics
Seiko Epson
Sharp
Star Micronics
Toshiba
Wincor Nixdorf





Semiconductors



Advanced Micro Devices
Broadcom
Fujitsu
Infineon Technologies
Integrated Micro-Electronics, Inc.
Intel
LG Electronics
Marvell Technology Group
MediaTek
Micron Technology
Nvidia
NXP Semiconductors (Freescale)
ON Semiconductor
Panasonic
Qualcomm
Renesas Electronics
Samsung Electronics
SK Hynix
Sony
STMicroelectronics
Texas Instruments
Toshiba
VIA Technologies





Foundries




GlobalFoundries
TSMC
United Microelectronics Corporation
SMIC








Equipment




Applied Materials
KLA-Tencor
Lam Research
Tokyo Electron








Software



Adobe Systems
Amadeus IT Group
Apple Inc.
Autodesk
BMC Software
CA Technologies
FIS
Google
Hewlett Packard Enterprise
IBM
Intuit
Infor
Microsoft
Oracle Corporation
Sage Group
SAP SE
Symantec
VMware





Telecommunications
services



América Móvil
AT&T
Bell Canada
Bezeq
Bharti Airtel
Bharat Sanchar Nigam Limited
BT Group
CenturyLink
China Mobile
China Telecom
China Unicom
Chunghwa Telecom
Comcast
Deutsche Telekom
Hutchison Asia
Idea Cellular
KDDI
KPN
KT Corporation
Mahanagar Telephone Nigam
MTN
MTS
Nippon
NTT DoCoMo
Oi
Orange S.A.
PCCW
Reliance
Shaw
Singtel
SK Telecom
SoftBank Mobile
Spark
Sprint Corporation
Swisscom
Tata Teleservices
Telecom Italia
Telefónica
Telenor
Telus
Telmex
Telstra
TPG
True
Türk Telekom
Veon
Verizon
Viettel
Vivendi
Vodafone





Travel technology



Amadeus IT Group
Sabre Corporation
Travelport





Video games



Activision Blizzard
Atari
Bandai Namco
Capcom‎
Electronic Arts
Epic Games
LucasArts
Koei Tecmo
Konami
NCsoft
Nexon
Nintendo
Sega
Sony
Square Enix
Take-Two Interactive
Tencent
Ubisoft
Warner Bros.






Methodology: FY2014/15 applicable revenues of over: group 1-3, 6-12 - US$3 billion; group 4 - US$2 billion; group 5,13,16 - US$1 billion










v
t
e


Accounting software






Comparison of accounting software





Open-source





Non-web




GnuCash
HomeBank
KMyMoney
RCA Open-Source Application
Tryton
TurboCASH






Web-based




Adempiere
Apache OFBiz
Compiere
Dolibarr
ERPNext
iDempiere
IntarS
LedgerSMB
metasfresh
Odoo
Openbravo
Tryton








Freeware



BIG4books
NolaPro
Outright
ZipBooks





Retail



Acumatica
Agresso
AME Accounting Software
Aplos Software
Aria Systems
Banktivity
CGram Software
Cheqbook
ClearBooks
Coda Financials
Eclipse ERP
FinancialForce.com
Fortora Fresh Finance
FreeAgent
Gem Accounts
JD Edwards
Invoiceit
Liberty Accounts
Microsoft Dynamics AX
Microsoft Dynamics GP
Microsoft Dynamics NAV
Microsoft Dynamics SL
Moneydance
MYOB
NetSuite
NewViews
NOSA XP
Open Systems Accounting Software
Oracle Applications
Pastel Accounting
QuickBooks
Quicken
Reckon
Sage 50 Accounting
Sage 300
SAP Business One
SAP ERP
Tally Solutions
TRAVERSE
Wave Accounting
Xero
You Need a Budget





File formats



NV2
OFC
OFX
QC
QFX
QIF
XBRL








 Category










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=SAP_SE&oldid=791384682"					
Categories: SAP SE1972 establishments in GermanyBanking software companiesCloud computing providersCompanies based in Baden-WürttembergCompanies established in 1972Companies listed on the New York Stock ExchangeCRM software companiesERP software companiesGerman brandsMultinational companies headquartered in GermanyOpenTravel AllianceSoftware companies of GermanySocietates EuropaeaeCompanies in the Euro Stoxx 501972 in computer science1978 in computer scienceHidden categories: Use British English from May 2015Use dmy dates from January 2013Pages using deprecated image syntaxArticles containing German-language textWikipedia articles needing clarification from April 2017Articles containing potentially dated statements from 2016All articles containing potentially dated statementsArticles lacking reliable references from July 2016All articles lacking reliable references 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia CommonsWikiversity 



Languages


AfrikaansالعربيةAzərbaycancaБългарскиBosanskiCatalàČeštinaDanskDeutschΕλληνικάEspañolEsperantoفارسیFrançaisFryskGalego한국어Հայերենहिन्दीHornjoserbsceHrvatskiBahasa IndonesiaItalianoעבריתಕನ್ನಡҚазақшаLatviešuLietuviųMagyarमराठीМонголNederlands日本語Norsk bokmålNorsk nynorskOʻzbekcha/ўзбекчаPolskiPortuguêsRomânăРусскийSlovenčinaСрпски / srpskiSrpskohrvatski / српскохрватскиSuomiSvenskaதமிழ்తెలుగుไทยTürkçeУкраїнськаTiếng Việt粵語中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 19 July 2017, at 22:37.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 






















SAP (@SAP) | Twitter



























Skip to content









Home
Home
Home, current page.




About






Search query



Search Twitter









Searches you follow







Saved searches


Remove














In this conversation



Verified accountProtected Tweets @











    Suggested users
  







Verified accountProtected Tweets @












Verified accountProtected Tweets @




















Language: English 



 



Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
English UK
Español
Filipino
Français
Hrvatski
Italiano
Magyar
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português
Română
Slovenčina
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
Ελληνικά
Български език
Русский
Српски
Українська мова
עִבְרִית
العربية
فارسی
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
ಕನ್ನಡ
ภาษาไทย
한국어
日本語
简体中文
繁體中文




 








Have an account?  Log in


   

Have an account?










Remember me

·
Forgot password?











New to Twitter?
Sign up
                











































      SAPVerified account



@SAP












Tweets
Tweets, current page.
18.1K
            



Following
Following
369



Followers
Followers
219K



Likes
Likes
1,409



Lists
Lists
3
 
 
More 







Likes
Lists






Unmute @SAP

Mute @SAP



Follow


      Following
  

      Unfollow
  

    Blocked
  

    Unblock
  

    Pending
  

    Cancel
  






















SAPVerified account



@SAP


Helping the world run better and improving people’s lives. This is our enduring cause; our higher purpose. #runsimple



            Global

      



 
    SAP.com
  




Joined September 2009












                
                5,039 Photos and videos
            

            Photos and videos
          



















Tweets


Tweets
Tweets, current page.



                  Tweets & replies
                



                  Media
                





You blocked @SAP
Are you sure you want to view these Tweets? Viewing Tweets won't unblock @SAP
Yes, view profile






Close




            
            SAP followed
        





















Pinned Tweet







SAP‏Verified account @SAP

Jul 17






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







Going digital is no longer an option. Run live with blockchain, machine learning and more. http://spr.ly/60188qsJG pic.twitter.com/NHSPH3zFrc



















7 replies




60 retweets




218 likes








Reply


7







Retweet


60




Retweeted


60








Like


218





Liked


218










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













SAP‏Verified account @SAP

1h1 hour ago






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







At @CaterpillarInc, digital transformation is about more than tech–It's about reimagining business: http://spr.ly/60148S3Ae  #LeonardoLivepic.twitter.com/u3gti2nsJ1
















0 replies




3 retweets




7 likes








Reply










Retweet


3




Retweeted


3








Like


7





Liked


7










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













SAP‏Verified account @SAP

6h6 hours ago






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet


Embed Video







SK Solutions puts sensors on cranes to prevent accidents. Learn how their 7-year streak continues: http://spr.ly/60128Sdpp pic.twitter.com/7t5xiavvOH



















0 replies




6 retweets




8 likes








Reply










Retweet


6




Retweeted


6








Like


8





Liked


8










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













SAP‏Verified account @SAP

16h16 hours ago






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







Utegration recognizes the major technology shift to cloud, selects to implement SAP #S4HC during SAPPHIRE NOW: http://spr.ly/60138SdnH pic.twitter.com/V7qUEsIzRx
















0 replies




5 retweets




15 likes








Reply










Retweet


5




Retweeted


5








Like


15





Liked


15










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













SAP‏Verified account @SAP

17h17 hours ago






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet


Embed Video







On July 24, Bill McDermott and Michael Phelps make a leadership dream team at #mywinningmove. Make sure you tune in! http://spr.ly/60108SL0Q pic.twitter.com/qeSQWOth2e



















0 replies




22 retweets




27 likes








Reply










Retweet


22




Retweeted


22








Like


27





Liked


27










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













SAP‏Verified account @SAP

19h19 hours ago






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







Discover the three key considerations for choosing a #CloudERP vendor: http://spr.ly/60188SWQk pic.twitter.com/9gA9X3E0Nj
















0 replies




6 retweets




8 likes








Reply










Retweet


6




Retweeted


6








Like


8





Liked


8










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













SAP‏Verified account @SAP

21h21 hours ago






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







81% of smartphone users access the internet on their mobile devices. Is your #SMB maximizing that potential?
http://spr.ly/60178q5eZ pic.twitter.com/ONdkTneQlp
















0 replies




8 retweets




14 likes








Reply










Retweet


8




Retweeted


8








Like


14





Liked


14










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













SAP‏Verified account @SAP

22h22 hours ago






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet


Embed Video







University of Heidelberg researchers digitize cervical cancer screenings in Kenya resulting in faster treatment: http://spr.ly/60178Scoz pic.twitter.com/zh8mNV31yi



















0 replies




19 retweets




26 likes








Reply










Retweet


19




Retweeted


19








Like


26





Liked


26










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













SAP‏Verified account @SAP

Jul 20






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







#Hadoop can cost-effectively process large amounts of data. Combine it with SAP systems for limitless possibilities: http://spr.ly/60168SvW2 pic.twitter.com/DsE4ZBDceM
















1 reply




25 retweets




25 likes








Reply


1







Retweet


25




Retweeted


25








Like


25





Liked


25










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













SAP‏Verified account @SAP

Jul 20






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet


Embed Video







Stara is using real-time data to apply the exact amount of fertilizer by planting and analyzing results: http://spr.ly/60198SdrL pic.twitter.com/DzUmDCBLwM



















0 replies




8 retweets




7 likes








Reply










Retweet


8




Retweeted


8








Like


7





Liked


7










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













SAP‏Verified account @SAP

Jul 20






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







Now, more than ever, it's time to step up your org's #cybersecurity. Here's how: http://spr.ly/60148S3ae pic.twitter.com/jLYvz6TFYW
















0 replies




7 retweets




10 likes








Reply










Retweet


7




Retweeted


7








Like


10





Liked


10










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













SAP‏Verified account @SAP

Jul 20






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







Say goodbye to traditional business models and hello to a lucrative outcomes-based approach: http://spr.ly/60138S3fU  @SAPLeonardopic.twitter.com/9L8HOgG4xD
















1 reply




14 retweets




13 likes








Reply


1







Retweet


14




Retweeted


14








Like


13





Liked


13










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













SAP‏Verified account @SAP

Jul 20






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







Yes, you can architect your organization's change. Here's how: http://spr.ly/60118S3FR pic.twitter.com/9zTvbYV6Xs
















0 replies




13 retweets




13 likes








Reply










Retweet


13




Retweeted


13








Like


13





Liked


13










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













SAP‏Verified account @SAP

Jul 19






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







Learn how machine learning and #AI are transforming the business world: http://spr.ly/60118SmQV pic.twitter.com/yi6Xgrv5or
















0 replies




52 retweets




47 likes








Reply










Retweet


52




Retweeted


52








Like


47





Liked


47










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













SAP‏Verified account @SAP

Jul 19






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







Should you really put your faith in #blockchain technology? http://spr.ly/60148S3ao pic.twitter.com/9Kcq1ajcuY
















1 reply




5 retweets




9 likes








Reply


1







Retweet


5




Retweeted


5








Like


9





Liked


9










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













SAP‏Verified account @SAP

Jul 19






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







61% of high-growth companies say technology levels the playing field for #SMB. Learn more here: http://spr.ly/60138qyTc pic.twitter.com/QQyZzRPu2f
















2 replies




9 retweets




12 likes








Reply


2







Retweet


9




Retweeted


9








Like


12





Liked


12










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













SAP‏Verified account @SAP

Jul 19






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







How can digital help your org find purpose and improve lives? 43 SAP #FastFacts: http://spr.ly/60118S3xc pic.twitter.com/hmOPsMVPBv
















0 replies




1 retweet




6 likes








Reply










Retweet


1




Retweeted


1








Like


6





Liked


6










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













SAP‏Verified account @SAP

Jul 19






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet


Embed Video







On July 24, Bill McDermott and Michael Phelps come together for The Winning Move. Don't miss it! http://spr.ly/60188Sc2i  #mywinningmovepic.twitter.com/HIt8PUwXqN



















0 replies




50 retweets




58 likes








Reply










Retweet


50




Retweeted


50








Like


58





Liked


58










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













SAP‏Verified account @SAP

Jul 19






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







Empower your #SMB for future growth. Join the Growth Matters Network today! http://spr.ly/60108S3fj pic.twitter.com/BokOUXDLMP
















0 replies




5 retweets




12 likes








Reply










Retweet


5




Retweeted


5








Like


12





Liked


12










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













SAP‏Verified account @SAP

Jul 19






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







Oprah Winfrey will take the stage at #SConnect17 Las Vegas to share her insights on creating purpose with passion: http://spr.ly/60178Sjy9 pic.twitter.com/fLXgPf8mdw
















0 replies




19 retweets




29 likes








Reply










Retweet


19




Retweeted


19








Like


29





Liked


29










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













SAP‏Verified account @SAP

Jul 19






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







According to Ventana Research, continuous accounting drives strategic transformation in finance. Learn why: http://spr.ly/60198obQf pic.twitter.com/2VgCWbxaV2
















0 replies




2 retweets




8 likes








Reply










Retweet


2




Retweeted


2








Like


8





Liked


8










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo












          @SAP hasn't Tweeted yet.
      
Back to top ↑












Loading seems to be taking a while.

      Twitter may be over capacity or experiencing a momentary hiccup. Try again or visit Twitter Status for more information.
    

















      New to Twitter?
    


    Sign up now to get your own personalized timeline!
  

Sign up




You may also like
    ·
    Refresh








false












© 2017 Twitter
About
Help Center
Terms
Privacy policy
Cookies
Ads info




















Close




            
            Choose a trend location
          






















Dismiss











Close







            Previous
          







            Next
          













Close



Go to a person's profile












Searches you follow







Saved searches


Remove














In this conversation



Verified accountProtected Tweets @











    Suggested users
  







Verified accountProtected Tweets @












Verified accountProtected Tweets @


























Close



Promote this Tweet

















Close



Block






Cancel
Block












Add a location to your Tweets

        When you tweet with a location, Twitter stores that location. 
        You can switch location on/off before each Tweet and always have the option to delete your location history.
        Learn more


Turn location on
Not now


























Close



Share Location















Results from 



Send









Close



Your lists













Close



Create a new list




List name




Description

Under 100 characters, optional



Privacy



Public · Anyone can follow this list
      


Private · Only you can access this list
      




Save list











Close
























Close



Copy link to Tweet




Here's the URL for this Tweet. Copy it to easily share with friends.












Close



Embed this Tweet
Embed this Video



Add this Tweet to your website by copying the code below. Learn more
Add this video to your website by copying the code below. Learn more




Hmm, there was a problem reaching the server. Try again?






            Include parent Tweet
          




            Include media
          




By embedding Twitter content in your website or app, you are agreeing to the Twitter Developer Agreement and Developer Policy.
Preview












Close



Why you're seeing this ad
















Close



Log in to Twitter
















Remember me

·
Forgot password?












        Don't have an account? Sign up »









Close



Sign up for Twitter





Not on Twitter? Sign up, tune into the things you care about, and get updates as they happen.


Sign up




        Have an account? Log in »









Close



Two-way (sending and receiving) short codes:





Country
Code
For customers of




United States
40404
(any)


Canada
21212
(any)


United Kingdom
86444
Vodafone, Orange, 3, O2


Brazil
40404
Nextel, TIM


Haiti
40404
Digicel, Voila


Ireland
51210
Vodafone, O2


India
53000
Bharti Airtel, Videocon, Reliance


Indonesia
89887
AXIS, 3, Telkomsel, Indosat, XL Axiata


Italy
4880804
Wind


3424486444
Vodafone





        » See SMS short codes for other countries













Close



Confirmation



















Close



 
















Close














            Skip all
          




    Welcome home!
  
This timeline is where you’ll spend most of your time, getting instant updates about what matters to you.




    Tweets not working for you?
  

    Hover over the profile pic and click the Following button to unfollow any account.
  




    Say a lot with a little
  

    When you see a Tweet you love, tap the heart — it lets  the person who wrote it know you shared the love.
  




    Spread the word
  

    The fastest way to share someone else’s Tweet with your followers is with a Retweet. Tap the icon to send it instantly.
  




    Join the conversation
  

    Add your thoughts about any Tweet with a Reply. Find a topic you’re passionate about, and jump right in.
  




    Learn the latest
  

    Get instant insight into what people are talking about now.
  




    Get more of what you love
  

    Follow more accounts to get instant updates about topics you care about.
  




    Find what's happening
  

    See the latest conversations about any topic instantly.
  




    Never miss a Moment
  

    Catch up instantly on the best stories happening as they unfold.
  



Back
Next














Next Tweet from user

























SAP SE - Wikipedia






















 






SAP SE

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search


SAP SE


Run simple







Type

Societas Europaea


Traded as
FWB: SAP
NYSE: SAP
DAX Component


Industry
Enterprise software


Founded
Weinheim, Germany
(1972; 45 years ago (1972))


Founder
Dietmar Hopp
Hans-Werner Hector
Hasso Plattner
Klaus Tschira
Claus Wellenreuther


Headquarters
Walldorf, Germany



Area served

Worldwide



Key people



Hasso Plattner (Chairman)
Bill McDermott (CEO)




Products
See list of SAP products


Revenue
 €22.062 billion (2016)[1]



Operating income

 €5.121 billion (2016)[1]


Profit
 €3.618 billion (2016)[1]


Total assets
 €44.354 billion (2016)[1]


Total equity
 €26.382 billion (2016)[1]



Number of employees

84,183 (Q4 2016)[1]


Website
SAP.com


SAP SE (/ɛseɪˈpi/) (Systeme, Anwendungen und Produkte in der Datenverarbeitung; "Systems, Applications & Products in Data Processing") is a German multinational software corporation that makes enterprise software to manage business operations and customer relations.[2] SAP is headquartered in Walldorf, Baden-Württemberg, with regional offices in 130 countries.[3] The company has over 335,000 customers in over 180 countries.[3] The company is a component of the Euro Stoxx 50 stock market index.[4]



Contents


1 History

1.1 Formation
1.2 Enterprise resource planning
1.3 Corporate restructuring
1.4 Focus on cloud
1.5 SAP S/4HANA
1.6 Acquisitions


2 Business and Markets
3 Enterprise Service-Oriented Architecture

3.1 Enterprise SOA


4 Partnerships
5 SAP PartnerEdge
6 Communities
7 Organization
8 SAP Labs
9 SAP User Groups
10 Conferences
11 Competitive landscape
12 Philanthropic efforts
13 Autism hiring
14 Bribery & Corruption

14.1 South African Allegations
14.2 Panamanian Bribery


15 See also
16 References
17 External links



History[edit]
Formation[edit]
When Xerox aimed to exit the computer industry in 1975,[5] they asked IBM to migrate their business systems to IBM technology. As part of IBM's compensation for the migration, IBM was given the rights to the Scientific Data Systems (SDS)/SAPE software, reportedly for a contract credit of $80,000.
Five IBM engineers from the AI department[6][7] (Dietmar Hopp, Klaus Tschira, Hans-Werner Hector, Hasso Plattner, and Claus Wellenreuther, all from Mannheim, Baden-Württemberg) were working in an enterprise-wide system based on this software, only to be told that it would no longer be necessary. Rather than abandoning the project, they decided to leave IBM Tech and start another company.[8]
In June 1970, they founded Systemanalyse und Programmentwicklung ("System Analysis and Program Development") company, as a private partnership under the German Civil Code.[8]
Their first client was the German branch of Imperial Chemical Industries[9] in Östringen, where they developed mainframe programs for payroll and accounting. Instead of storing the data on punch cards mechanically, as IBM did, they stored it locally[clarification needed]. Therefore, they called their software a real-time system, since there was no need to process the punch cards overnight (for this reason their flagship product carried an R in its name until the late 1990s). This first version was also a standalone software that could be offered to other interested parties.[10]
Enterprise resource planning[edit]
In 1973, the first commercial product was launched. It was called SAP R/98,[11] and offered a common system for multiple tasks. This permitted the use of a centralized data storage, improving the maintenance of data. From a technical point of view, therefore, a database was necessary.[12]
In 1976, SAP GmbH was founded, and moved its headquarters the following year to Walldorf, Germany. Three years later, in 1979, SAP launched SAP R/2, expanding the capabilities of the system to other areas, such as material management and production planning. In 1981, SAP brought a re-designed product to market. However, SAP R/2 did not improve until the period between 1985 and 1990. SAP released the new SAP R/3 in 1992. SAP developed and released several versions of R/3 through 1995. By the mid-1990s, SAP followed the trend from mainframe computing to client/server architectures. The development of SAP’s internet strategy with mySAP.com redesigned the concept of business processes (integration via Internet).[8] As a result, R/3 was replaced with the introduction of SAP ERP Central Component (ECC) 5.0 in  2004.[13] Architectural changes were also made to support an enterprise service architecture to transition customers to a services-oriented architecture. The latest version, SAP ERP 6.0, was released in 2006. SAP ERP 6.0 has since then been updated through SAP enhancement packs, the most recent: SAP enhancement package 8 for SAP ERP 6.0 in 2016.[14]
Corporate restructuring[edit]
In August 1988, SAP GmbH became SAP AG, and public trading started on 4 November 1988. Shares were listed on the Frankfurt and Stuttgart stock exchanges.[8] In 1995, SAP was included in the German stock index DAX and, on 22 September 2003, SAP was included in the Dow Jones STOXX 50.[15]
The company's official name became SAP AG (a public limited company) after the 2005 annual general meeting. In 2014, SAP changed from an AG to a European Company (Societas Europaea or SE).[16]
Focus on cloud[edit]
Since 2012, SAP has acquired several companies that sell cloud-based products, with several multibillion-dollar acquisitions seen by analysts as an attempt to challenge competitor Oracle.[17] In 2014 SAP bought Concur Technologies, a provider of cloud-based travel and expense management software, for $8.3 billion, SAP's most expensive purchase to that date.[18] Analysts' reactions to the purchase were mixed, with Thomas Becker of Commerzbank questioning whether Concur was the right choice for SAP, while Credit Suisse called the acquisition an "aggressive" move.[19]
In 2014, IBM and SAP began a partnership to sell cloud-based services.[20] Likewise, in 2015, SAP also partnered with HPE to provide secure hybrid cloud-based services running the SAP platform.[21] Both HPE and IBM provide infrastructure services to SAP, and SAP runs its SAP HANA cloud solution on top. SAP has announced additional partnerships with Microsoft in order to give customers tools for data visualization, as well as improved mobile applications.[22]
SAP exceeded its revenue projections due to the expansion in its cloud business and the success of SAP HANA. The growth can also be partially attributed to the acquisitions of Concur and Fieldglass.[23]
The company announced plans in 2016 to invest heavily into technology relating to Internet of Things (IoT) as part of a strategy to capitalize on the growth in that market. For that purpose, €2 billion ($2.2 bln) are planned to be invested in relevant sectors by the end of 2020.[24] To that end, SAP will also launch a new product line called SAP IoT, which "will combine large amounts of data from things connected to the Internet with machine learning and SAP's real-time database S/4 HANA."[24]
SAP S/4HANA[edit]
In 2015, the company launched SAP S/4HANA, the newest generation of the SAP Business Suite. It was written natively for the SAP HANA platform. It offers cloud, on-premises and hybrid deployment options to customers, with its benefits including a smaller data footprint, higher throughput, faster analytics and faster access to data. It also allows existing SAP Business Suite customers to upgrade to this product from SAP Business Suite.[25]
In 2016, SAP introduced SAP HANA, Express Edition which is meant to run on personal computers or on cloud computing platforms for students and other small-scale developers.[26]
Bill McDermott, CEO of SAP, compared the release of SAP S/4HANA to a "moonshot", describing it as the most important launch in the company’s history.[27]
Acquisitions[edit]


Acquisition number
Acquired company
Acquisition date
Specialty
Country of origin
Acquisition costs


64
Abakus
Dec 2016[28]
Marketing attribution
USA



63
Plat.One
Oct2016
IoT
USA



62
Altiscale
Aug 2016
Big Data and Hadoop Hosting
USA
$125m+


61
Fedem Technology
Jun 2016
IoT
Norway



60
MeLLmo Inc. (Roambi )
Feb 2016
Mobile Business Intelligence
USA



59
Concur Technologies
Sept 2014
Travel and Expense Management
USA
$8.3b


58
SeeWhy
May 2014
Behavioral target marketing
USA
$1.1b


57
Fieldglass
Mar 2014
Contingent labor and services
USA



56
KXEN
Oct 2013
Predictive analytics
France



55
hybris
May 2013
E-Commerce Solutions
Switzerland



54
Camilion
March 2013
Insurance solutions
Canada



53
SmartOps
Feb 2013
Inventory optimization
USA



52
Ticket-Web
Feb 2013
CRM for sports and entertainment promoters
USA



51
Ariba
Oct 2012
Supplier network
USA
$4.3b


50
Syclo
Jun 2012
Mobile asset management
USA



49
datango
Jan 2012
Electronic performance support technologies
Germany



48
SuccessFactors
Dec 2011
Human Capital Management
USA
$3.4b


47
Right Hemisphere
Sep 2011
3D visualization
USA



46
Crossgate
Sep 2011
B2B eCommerce
Germany



45
Secude
Mar 2011
Security software (Not the whole company, only some assets were acquired)
Germany



44
Cundus
Dec 2010
Disclosure Management
Germany



43
Sybase
May 2010
Database, middleware, mobile software
USA
$5.8b


42
TechniData
May 2010
Environmental, Health and Safety
Germany



41
SAF
Sep 2009
Inventory Management
Switzerland
$91m


40
Highdeal
May 2009
High-volume billing
France



39
Visiprise
Jul 2008
Manufacturing Execution
USA



38
Saicon INC
Oct 2014
US Recruitment
India



37
Business Objects
Oct 2007
Business Intelligence
France
$6.78b


36
Yasu Technologies Pvt. Ltd.
Oct 2007
Business Rules Management Software
India



35
Wicom Communications
May 2007
Internet Communication software
Finland



34
MaXware
May 2007
Identity software
Norway



33
Outlooksoft
May 2007
Planning & consolidation
USA



32
Pilot Software
Feb 2007
Strategy Management software
USA
~$200m


31
Factory Logic
Dec 2006
Lean scheduling and supply synchronization
USA



30
Praxis Software Solutions
Jul 2006
Web-based CRM and eCommerce
USA



29
Frictionless Commerce
May 2006
SRM software
USA



28
Virsa Systems
Apr 2006
Compliance solutions
USA



27
SAP Systems Integration
Dec 2005
Consulting services
Germany



26
Callixa
Nov 2005
Enterprise Integration Information software
USA



25
Khimetrics
Nov 2005
retail software
USA



24
Triversity
Sep 2005
POS software
Canada



23
Lighthammer
Jun 2005
Manufacturing Intelligence and Collaborative Manufacturing
USA



22
DCS Quantum
Feb 2005
Automotive Dealer Management
United Kingdom



21
TomorrowNow
Jan 2005
grey-market support
USA



20
ilytix
Jan 2005
SAP BusinessOne Business Intelligence
Norway



19
A2i
Jul 2004
Master Data Management
USA



18
SPM Technologies
Dec 2003
IT architecture consulting
Germany



17
DCW Software
Jul 2003
OS/400 Applications
Germany



16
Guimachine
Dec 2002
NetWeaver Visual Composer toolkit
USA



15
IMHC
May 2001
Integrated managed health care from IDS
USA



14
Expression
May 2002
real-time file sharing
 ?



13
Topmanage
Feb 2002
SAP BusinessOne Suite
Israel



12
Paynet International AG
Dec 2001
Invoice Processing
Germany



11
COPA GmbH
Nov 2001
Beverage industry consulting
Germany



10
Infinite Data Structures
May 2001
Trade Management / CRM
USA



9
Toptier
Mar 2001
Enterprise Information Portal and Integration Infrastructure
USA
~$400m


8
Prescient Consulting
Feb 2000
Consulting services
USA



7
In-Q-My Technologies GmbH
2000
J2EE Server
Bulgaria



6
Campbell Software
1999
Workforce Management
USA



5
AMC Development
1998
Call Center telephony integration software
USA



4
OFEK-Tech
1998
Warehousing and distribution center software
Israel



3
Kiefer & Veittinger
1997
Sales force Applications
Germany



2
Dacos
1996
Retail solution
Germany



Business and Markets[edit]
As of 2016[update], SAP is the world's third largest software and programming company.[29] The corporation operates in six geographic regions: EMEA (Europe, Middle East, Africa), MEE (Middle and Eastern Europe: which includes the subregions DACH, CEE and CIS), NA (United States and Canada), LAC (Latin America and Caribbean), Greater China (PRC, ROC) and APJ (Asia Pacific and Japan).[30]
SAP focuses on 25 industries and six industry sectors: process industries, discrete industries, consumer industries, service industries, financial services and public services.[31] It offers integrated product sets for large enterprises,[32] mid-sized companies and small businesses.[33]
Enterprise Service-Oriented Architecture[edit]
Service-oriented architecture has been incorporated into the SAP ERP (Enterprise Resource Planning) system and other products defined within the SAP Enterprise Services Architecture (Enterprise SOA).
Enterprise SOA[edit]
SAP Enterprise Service Oriented Architecture (or Enterprise SOA) is SAP SE's service-oriented architecture implementation.[34] Enterprise SOA is enabled by the SAP NetWeaver platform and builds on the benefits of Web services. SAP has positioned Enterprise SOA to deliver the benefits offered by service-oriented architecture, including enabling both flexibility and business efficiency. SAP markets Enterprise SOA as a cost-effective way of adding new applications to existing infrastructure.[35] SAP Solutions that currently use Enterprise SOA are mySAP CRM, mySAP ERP, and mySAP SRM.
Partnerships[edit]
SAP partners include Global Services Partners with cross-industry multinational consulting capabilities,[36] Global Software Partners providing integrated products that complement SAP Business Suite solutions,[37] and Global Technology Partners providing user companies with a wide range of products to support SAP technology, including vendors of hardware, database, storage systems, networks, and mobile computing technology.[38]
Extensions partners: this is a small number of companies which provide functionality that complements SAP product capabilities. Their products are certified, sold, and supported by SAP. These partner companies include Adobe, CA Technologies, GK Software,[39] Hewlett-Packard, IDS Scheer, OpenText, Redwood Software, Vistex Inc., Insync Techfin Solution Ltd, Meridian Global Services, Knoa Software, Nakisa Inc, ICON-SCM, BackOffice Associates, Prometheus Group and SmartOps.[40], syslink, scn.sap.com; retrieved 24 April 2011."LinguaNext". Facebook. Retrieved 6 November 2012. 
SAP PartnerEdge[edit]
SAP products for small businesses and midsize companies are delivered through its global partner network. In 2008, SAP signed SAP Global Service partnership with HCL Technologies, a $6 billion technology service provider, headquartered in India.[41]
SAP PartnerEdge signed with ENFOS, Inc., a software as a service company, to develop their EcoHub Partner Sustainability Solution platform. The SAP PartnerEdge program, SAP's partner program, offers a set of business enablement resources and program benefits to help partners including value-added resellers (VARs) and independent software vendors (ISVs) be profitable and successful in implementing, selling, marketing, developing and delivering SAP products to a broad range of customers.[42] .
Communities[edit]
SAP Community Network (SCN) is a community of SAP customers, partners, employees, and influencers – typically in roles such as: developers, consultants, integrators, and business analysts – who gain and share knowledge about ABAP, Java, .NET, SOA, and other technologies, plus analytics and dashboards, business process best practices, cloud, mobile, big data, and a range of other topics via blogs, discussion forums, downloads and code samples, training materials, and a technical library.[43]
Organization[edit]





This section relies too much on references to primary sources. Please improve this section by adding secondary or tertiary sources. (July 2016) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)


SAP uses a two-tier structure of boards, with an executive board and a supervisory board. As of 2016, members of the executive board were Bill McDermott (CEO and Chairman, joined in 2008), Robert Enslin (2014) Bernd Leukert (2014), Luka Mucic (CFO, 2014), Michael Kleinemeier (2015), Stefan Ries (2016), Steve Singh (2016) and Gerhard Oswald (1996).[44]
Functional units of SAP are split across different organizational units for R&D needs, field activities and customer support. SAP Labs are mainly responsible for product development whereas the field organizations spread across each country are responsible for field activities such sales, marketing and consulting. Headquarters is responsible for overall management as well as core Engineering activities related to product development. Worldwide customer support is not provided by the field organizations but by a unified organization called Active Global Support (AGS).[45]
SAP Labs[edit]
SAP Labs[46] are R&D locations that develop and improve SAP core products. SAP Labs are strategically located in high-tech clusters around the globe.
SAP Labs are located in Germany (main locations: Walldorf/Rot, Markdorf, Berlin), United States (main location: Silicon Valley), India (main location: Bangalore), China (main location: Shanghai), Brazil (main location: Sao Leopoldo), Bulgaria (main location: Sofia), Canada (main locations: Vancouver, Montreal), Vietnam (main location: Ho Chi Minh City), Israel (main location: Ra’anana), CIS (main location: Moscow), France (main location: Paris, Sophia Antipolis), Ireland (main location: Dublin), Hungary (main location: Budapest), Slovakia (main location: Bratislava), Czech Republic (main location: Brno), Poland (main location: Gliwice).
SAP’s main 4 Labs’ locations are Germany, India, China and the US. Labs Walldorf was founded in 1972 and became SAP’s first location. At the beginning, the focus of SAP expansion was entering highly developed IT markets: in 1993 Palo Alto becomes a part of SAP Labs‘ locations. Aiming to acquire talented employees, in 1998, SAP opens its Labs in Bangalore, in 2003 – in China.
Among the latest SAP Labs are Labs Czech Republic, Slovakia and Poland. All three labs have been established in 2016.
Based on SAP HANA in-memory platform, SAP Labs develop innovative products for 98 of the 100 most-valuable global brands using cutting-edge methodologies and technologies.
In order to manage SAP Labs, SAP Labs Network (SLN) was created. SLN is a global unit that manages regional Labs and shares best business practices. It coordinates and distributes development projects among individual SAP Labs locations, accelerates product delivery, gives SAP full access to talent, and drives SAP corporate strategy regarding innovation and business growth.
SAP User Groups[edit]
SAP User Groups are independent, non-profit organizations of SAP customers and SAP partners. They serve as communications channel for their members towards SAP and for SAP towards the markets. The Americas' SAP Users’ Group (ASUG) is the company’s largest user group, with 100,000 individuals at 3,800 companies. ASUG members are professionals who work in more than 17 industries. Many are technical and business process experts in the SAP ecosystem; they have varied levels of experience, and come from small businesses to global corporations, as well as universities. In 2007, the SAP User Group Executive Network (SUGEN) was established.
SAP provoked controversy and frustration among its users in 2008 by raising the cost of its maintenance contracts. The issue was the subject of intense discussion among user groups.[47]
Conferences[edit]
SAP has two annual conferences: SAPPHIRE and SAP TechEd. SAPPHIRE is SAP's customer-facing event.[48][49] It is generally where SAP announces major product changes and strategic direction. It is typically held in the spring in North America.
SAP TechEd is the more technical conference, aimed at SAP's ecosystem of consultants and software development partners.[50][51] SAP TechEd has been held since 1995, usually in four locations in the fall. In 2014-15, SAP TechEd was held in three locations, between fall and early spring.
Competitive landscape[edit]
SAP competitors are primarily in the enterprise resource planning software industry. In this field, Oracle Corporation is SAP's major competitor. SAP also competes in the customer relationship management, marketing & sales software, manufacturing, warehousing & industrial software, and supply chain management & logistics software sectors.[52]
Oracle Corporation filed a lawsuit against SAP for malpractice and unfair competition in the California courts in 2007. SAP lost the case in 2010 and was ordered to pay a sum of US $1.3 billion, which was cited as the largest copyright infringement judgment in history.[53] The verdict was overturned in 2011[54] and the lawsuit was finally settled in 2014 for $356.7 million.[55]
The resulting pressure saw SAP and SUGEN (SAP User Group Executive Network) agree to a major benchmarking exercise to prove the value of the new support pricing policy to customers. In December 2009, SAP delayed its Enterprise Support price rises until agreement had been reached on the benchmarks and KPIs (Key Performance Indicators).[56]
In January 2010, SAP reversed its direction on Enterprise Support and reintroduced its standard support package for customers. The move to reinstate standard support – at 18 percent of annual license fees, "will enable all customers to choose the option that best meets their requirements", the company said.[57]
In August 2013, SAP acquired Hybris publicly for eCommerce capabilities after failing in a bid for Neolane. The rationale for the acquisition of Hybris was really for product catalog and product information management.[58]
Philanthropic efforts[edit]
SAP has donated several million dollars to a variety of global health causes including the Product Red campaign and the Global Fund.[59][60] In addition, SAP has distributed free software in South Africa as part of an effort towards developing future markets there.[61] The company also encourages employees to volunteer through social sabbaticals, sending teams of people to different countries to aid non-profits. SAP employees have volunteered in China, India, Brazil, and South Africa. [62]
Autism hiring[edit]
SAP also engages in outreach activities within its company. In 2013, the company launched an initiative to hire employees with autism and Asperger syndrome, citing their undervalued ability to contribute to its workforce. SAP aims to compose 1% of its workforce with autistic people by the year 2020.[63]
Bribery & Corruption[edit]
South African Allegations[edit]
In July 2017 allegations came to light that SAP had been involved in business transactions with the controversial Gupta family in South Africa. SAP was accused of paying CAD House, a Gupta-controlled company, R100 million in order to secure a Transnet deal. SAP denied the allegations, claiming that the money was paid as "an extension of the sales force", despite CAD House having no prior SAP experience.[64][65]
The Gupta family have been implicated in a net of corruption in South Africa due to their close relationship with South African President Jacob Zuma. In a widespread e-mail leak many more of the Gupta family's dark business deals came to light including a racial division campaign by British PR firm Bell Pottinger[66]. It was in these e-mails that the dealings of SAP with the Gupta family came to light as well[67].
As a consequence of the allegations, SAP launched an investigation that led to four of its South African managers being placed on administrative leave along with the seizure of their mobile phones and computers.[68] In the meantime, Claas Kuehnemann was named as acting managing director for Africa while the investigation continues.[69]
Panamanian Bribery[edit]
In May 2015 SAP agreed to pay $3.9 million to settle U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission civil charges over a former executive's scheme to bribe Panama government officials in order to win lucrative technology contracts.[70]
See also[edit]


Companies portal
Computer Science portal



List of SAP products
SAP Fiori
SAP Implementation
List of ERP software packages
SAP Center, an indoor arena in San Jose, California that bears the company's name via a sponsorship contract

References[edit]


^ a b c d e f "SAP Q4 2016 Quarterly Statement" (PDF). SAP SE. Retrieved 31 January 2017. 
^ "SAP Company History". Retrieved 25 January 2017. 
^ a b "SAP at a Glance: Company Information". Retrieved 27 January 2015. 
^ "Börse Frankfurt (Frankfurt Stock Exchange): Stock market quotes, charts and news". 
^ Holmes, Edith. "IBM Opposes Retelling of Whole Xerox Story in Court", Computerworld, p. 42, 26 January 1976.
^ "History of SAP AG". Retrieved 3 May 2013. 
^ International Directory of Company Histories, Vol. 16. St James Press, 1997.
^ a b c d Staff. "SAP History: From Start-Up Software Vendor to Global Market Leader". Retrieved 10 October 2010. 
^ SAP UK – ICI Success Story, Sap.com (1 January 1999); retrieved 24 April 2011.
^ "Standard Application Software for Real-time processing is developed". 
^ "seize new opportunities by SAP". 
^ "Vom Programmierbüro zum globalen Softwareproduzenten: Die Erfolgsfaktoren der SAP von der Gründung bis zum R/3-Boom, 1972 bis 1996". Chbeck.metapress.com. 14 November 2008. Retrieved 27 March 2014. 
^ Solutions, Cipher Business. "SAP ECC Modules - Cipher Business Solutions". Cipher Business Solutions. Retrieved 2017-03-29. 
^ LinkedIn; https://www.linkedin.com/pulse/latest-version-sap-erp-available-ecc-60-ehp7-what-do-you-rakesh-singh
^ "STOXX Limited Announces Changes to its Blue-Chip Index Series" (Press release). Stoxx. 1 September 2003. Retrieved 21 October 2016. 
^ "Company Q & A". Investor Relations. SAP.com. Retrieved 27 May 2015. 
^ Wong, Kenneth; Bass, Dina (23 May 2012). "SAP to Acquire Ariba for $4.3 Billion in Push Into Cloud". Bloomberg News. 
^ "SAP To Acquire Concur Technologies To Boost Cloud Sales". Forbes. 22 September 2014. 
^ Mahadevan, Neetha; Doerner, Stephan (19 September 2014). "SAP to Acquire Concur Technologies". The Wall Street Journal. 
^ "IBM and SAP Score Win Over Amazon". BusinessInsider. 14 October 2014. 
^ "HP News - HP and SAP Accelerate Journey to SAP® S/4HANA on HP Helion Managed Cloud". www8.hp.com. Retrieved 2017-03-26. 
^ "Microsoft and SAP Strengthen Ties with Mobile, Data, Cloud Partnership". TechCrunch. 19 May 2014. 
^ SAP Posts Strong 2014 Results, Cloud Business to Drive Future Growth , Forbes, 22 January 2015
^ a b Reuters. "SAP Plans to Invest $2.2 Billion in the Internet of Things by 2020". Fortune. Retrieved 2017-07-17. 
^ "Answers on SAP upgradation to SAP S/4HANA". 
^ Larry Dignan (16 September 2016). "SAP aims to court more HANA developers, launches express edition". ZDNet. Retrieved 19 November 2016. 
^ "SAP S4/HANA – the user, analyst and partner views", Diginomica.com, 3 February 2015.
^ SAP announces acquisition of Abakus
^ "The World’s Biggest Public Companies, Software & Programming". Forbes. Retrieved 21 October 2016. 
^ "Worldwide Office Directory of SAP". 
^ "Business in Brief: Markets". SAP. Retrieved 15 October 2007. 
^ "Midmarket Solutions: SAP ALL-IN-ONE – Solutions for mid-size companies". Annual Report 2006. SAP.ocm. Retrieved 15 October 2007. 
^ "Industry Solutions: Innovation – One Industry at a Time". Annual Report 2006. SAP.com. Retrieved 15 October 2007. 
^ SAP - Enterprise Service-Oriented Architecture: Adoption Program, global.sap.com; accessed 27 May 2015.
^ "When Does a Web Service Become an Enterprise Service?" by Dr Franz-Josef Fritz (SAP AG), SAP Insider, April–May–June 2004.
^ SAP – Global & Local Partner Directories: Global Services Partners. SAP AG. Retrieved 7 July 2011.
^ SAP – Global & Local Partner Directories: Global Software Partners. Sap.com (30 June 2009). Retrieved on 7 July 2011.
^ SAP – Global & Local Partner Directories: Global Technology Partners, go.sap.com; retrieved 7 July 2011.
^ SAP Offers Retailers in North America a Full Range of Store Solutions to Optimize Their Businesses Through Extended Global Reseller Agreement With GK Software. sap-news.com (28 May 2013). Retrieved on 22 May 2015.
^ Solution Extensions Software from
^ SAP – HCL Technologies Announces Global Services Partnership With SAP to Deliver Joint Business Value Through ‘Customer Centric Ecosystem’, Sap.com; retrieved 7 July 2011.
^ SAP – SAP Solutions for Small Businesses and Midsize Companies: Press Fact Sheet, July 2007. SAP.com; retrieved 7 July 2011.
^ SAP – Communities. go.sap.com; retrieved 7 July 2011.
^ "SAP Executive Board". SAP. 
^ "SAP launches Global Support Center". 
^ "R&D Locations | SAP Labs | About SAP SE". SAP. Retrieved 2016-04-29. 
^ SAP faces user wrath over price hikes. Computerworlduk.com. Retrieved on 7 July 2011.
^ "SAP unveils SuccessFactors cloud computing roadmap as it squares up to Oracle". V3.co.uk. Retrieved 29 February 2012. 
^ "SAP Rolls Out Updates at SAPPHIRE". InternetNews. 17 June 2003. Retrieved 29 February 2012. 
^ "SAP TechEd '05 in Bangalore". Articles.timesofindia.indiatimes.com. 22 September 2005. Retrieved 29 February 2012. 
^ "SAP TechEd to Go Deep on Mobility". Pcworld.com. 8 October 2010. Retrieved 29 February 2012. 
^ Staff. "SAP Competitors". 
^ Levine, Dan (23 November 2010). "SAP to pay Oracle $1.3 billion in landmark decision". Reuters. Thomson Reuters. Retrieved 2 October 2015. 
^ "Oracle Verdict Against SAP Is Overturned". Associated Press. 1 September 2011. Retrieved 12 January 2015. .
^ "Oracle, SAP Settle Long-Running TomorrowNow Lawsuit". Reuters. 13 November 2014. Retrieved 14 August 2015. .
^ SAP delays Enterprise Support price rises. Computerworlduk.com; retrieved 7 July 2011.
^ SAP does U-turn on Enterprise Support. Computerworlduk.com; retrieved 7 July 2011.
^ "SAP buys Hybris, gains customer experience, power", informationweek.com; accessed 27 May 2015.
^ "(RED) Partners". (RED). The ONE Campaign. 14 October 2012. Retrieved 27 May 2015. 
^ "What This Giant Software Company Is Doing to Advance Global Health". Inside Philanthropy. 8 October 2014. Retrieved 13 November 2016. 
^ "The Business Case for Strategic Philanthropy". TriplePundit. 8 August 2013. Retrieved 13 November 2016. 
^ "How EY and SAP are championing corporate volunteering". The Guardian. 11 February 2014. Retrieved 13 November 2016. 
^ "SAP in autism recruitment drive". BBC News. 22 May 2013. 
^ "#GuptaLeaks: Software giant paid Gupta front R100m 'kickbacks' for state business". News24. Retrieved 2017-07-11. 
^ "amaBhungane - #GuptaLeaks: Software giant SAP paid Gupta front R100m “kickbacks” for state business". amabhungane.co.za. Retrieved 2017-07-11. 
^ "Guptas just tip of SA's corruption ice-berg - Saftu". Fin24. Retrieved 2017-07-11. 
^ "Software giant pulled into Gupta saga with allegations of R100 million kickbacks". Retrieved 2017-07-11. 
^ "Germany’s SAP to investigate South Africa kickback allegations". Financial Times. 
^ Writer, Staff. "SAP names Kuehnemann as acting MD". ITWeb Technology News. Retrieved 2017-07-17. 
^ "#PanamaBribery: SAP settles with SEC over Panama bribery scheme". Reuters. Retrieved 2017-07-14. 


External links[edit]



Wikimedia Commons has media related to SAP.



Official website



Business data for SAP SE:
Reuters
SEC filings










v
t
e


SAP SE



Founders



Dietmar Hopp
Hans-Werner Hector
Hasso Plattner
Klaus Tschira
Claus Wellenreuther








Board of directors



Hasso Plattner (Chairman)
Lars Lamadé (Deputy Chairman)
Pekka Ala-Pietilä
Thomas Bamberger
Panagiotis Bissiritsas
Wilhelm Haarmann
Peter Koop
Christiane Kuntz-Mayr
Bernard Liautaud
Gerhard Maier
Hartmut Mehdorn
Hans-Bernd Meier
Joachim Milberg
Erhard Schipporeit
Stefan Schulz
Klaus Wucherer





Executive board



Bill McDermott
Robert Enslin
Michael Kleinemeier
Bernd Leukert
Gerhard Oswald
Luka Mucic
Michael Kleinemeier
Stefan Ries
Steve Singh





Technologies



SAP HANA
SAP Netweaver
Service-oriented architecture
Enterprise modelling
Application lifecycle management
Enterprise mobility
Application lifecycle management





Major locations



Corporate/EMEA headquarters: Walldorf, Germany
Americas HQ: Newtown Square, USA
Asia-Pacific HQ: Singapore





Major SAP Labs locations (R&D)



Bangalore, India
Palo Alto, US
São Leopoldo, Brazil
Ra'anana, Israel
Shanghai, China
Sophia-Antipolis, France
Montreal, Canada





Acquisitions



Ariba
Concur Technologies
SAP Business Objects
SuccessFactors
Sybase





Sponsorships



Andy Roddick
Cirque du Soleil
Paula Creamer
Ernie Els
New York Yankees
SAP Center
SAP Open
San Jose Sharks
Sony Ericsson Open
Tribeca Film Festival





See also



ASUG
openSAP
SAP Community Network
SAP Press












v
t
e


 Euro Stoxx 50 companies of the Euro Area




Last updated October 2015






Air Liquide
Airbus Group
Allianz
Anheuser-Busch InBev
ASML Holding
Assicurazioni Generali
AXA
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria
Banco Santander
BASF
Bayer
BMW
BNP Paribas
Carrefour
Saint-Gobain
Daimler AG
Deutsche Bank
Deutsche Post
Deutsche Telekom
Enel
Engie SA
Eni
E.ON
Essilor International
Fresenius SE
Groupe Danone
Iberdrola
Inditex
ING Group NV
Intesa Sanpaolo
L'Oréal
LVMH Moët Hennessy Louis Vuitton
Münchener Rückversicherungs-Gesellschaft
Nokia
Orange S.A.
Philips Electronics
SAFRAN
Sanofi
SAP SE
Schneider Electric
Siemens
Société Générale SA
Telefónica
Total S.A.
Unibail-Rodamco
UniCredit
Unilever
Vinci SA
Vivendi
Volkswagen Group












v
t
e


DAX companies of Germany






Adidas
Allianz
BASF
Bayer
Beiersdorf
BMW
Commerzbank
Continental
Daimler
Deutsche Bank
Deutsche Börse
Deutsche Post
Deutsche Telekom
E.ON
Fresenius
Fresenius Medical Care
HeidelbergCement
Henkel
Infineon Technologies
Linde
Lufthansa
Merck
Munich Re
ProSiebenSat.1 Media
RWE
SAP
Siemens
ThyssenKrupp
Volkswagen
Vonovia












v
t
e


Philadelphia-area corporations (including the Delaware Valley)




List of companies based in the Philadelphia area



Philadelphia-based Fortune 500
corporations (rank in the 2015 list)



Comcast (37)
Aramark (199)
Crown Holdings (321)





Delaware Valley-based Fortune 500
corporations (rank in the 2015 list)



AmerisourceBergen (16)
DuPont (87)
Lincoln National (223)
Universal Health Services (324)
Campbell Soup (342)
UGI (349)
Burlington Stores Inc. (500)





Other notable Philadelphia-based
businesses



Amoroso's
Beneficial Bank
Chemtura
Day & Zimmermann
FMC Corporation
Independence Blue Cross
Pennsylvania Real Estate Investment Trust
Pep Boys
Philadelphia Media Network
Radian Group
Urban Outfitters





Notable Philadelphia-based
professional partnerships



Ballard Spahr
Blank Rome
Cozen O'Connor
Dechert
Drinker Biddle & Reath
Duane Morris
Morgan, Lewis & Bockius
Pepper Hamilton
Saul Ewing
White and Williams





Other notable Delaware
Valley-based businesses



Actua Corporation
Airgas
AlliedBarton
Ametek
Aqua America
Asplundh
Bentley Systems
Brandywine Realty Trust
Boscov's
Carpenter Technology
Cephalon
Chemours
Christiana Care Health System
Crozer Keystone Health System
David's Bridal
DuckDuckGo
EPAM Systems
EnerSys
Liberty Property Trust
Penn Mutual
Penn National Gaming
Rita's Italian Ice
SEI Investments
SLM
SunGard
Susquehanna International Group
Vanguard
Toll Brothers
Triumph Group
Unisys
ViroPharma
Vishay Intertechnology
VWR
Wawa
Wilmington Trust
W. L. Gore and Associates
WSFS Bank





Notable Delaware Valley-based
US headquarters of
foreign businesses



Aberdeen Asset Management
ACE
AgustaWestland
AstraZeneca
Delaware Investments
GlaxoSmithKline
ING Group
Keystone Foods
SAP America
Siemens Medical
Shire Pharmaceuticals
Subaru
Teva Pharmaceuticals
TD Bank





Notable Delaware Valley-based
division headquarters of
US corporations



Acme (Cerberus Capital Management)
Centocor (Johnson & Johnson)
Colonial Penn (Conseco)
Delmarva Power (Exelon)
GSI Commerce (eBay)
Hercules (Ashland)
MAB Paints (Sherwin-Williams)
McNeil Laboratories (J&J)
Neoware (Hewlett-Packard)
PECO (Exelon)
QVC (Liberty Media)
Rohm and Haas (Dow Chemical)
Sunoco (Energy Transfer)
Tasty Baking (Flowers Foods)












v
t
e


Major information technology companies






Largest IT companies
Largest Internet companies
Largest software companies





Consulting and
outsourcing



Accenture
Atos
Booz Allen Hamilton
BMC Software
BT Global Services
CACI
Capgemini
CGI Group
Cognizant
Deloitte
Digital China
DXC Technology
Fujitsu
HCL Technologies
Hitachi Consulting
IBM Global Services
Indra Sistemas
Infosys
Infor
KPMG
Leidos
NEC
NTT DATA
Orange Business Services
T-Systems
Tata Consultancy Services
Tech Mahindra
Unisys
Wipro





Imaging



Canon Inc.
HP Inc.
Eastman Kodak
Fujifilm
Konica Minolta
Kyocera
Lexmark
Nikon
Olympus Corporation
Panasonic
Ricoh
Samsung Electronics
Seiko Epson
Sharp
Sony
Toshiba
Xerox





Information storage



ADATA
Dell Technologies
Dell EMC
Fujitsu
Hitachi Data Systems
Hewlett Packard Enterprise
IBM
Kingston Technology
LenovoEMC
NetApp
Oracle Corporation
Plextor
Samsung Electronics
Seagate Technology
Silicon Power
Sony
Toshiba
Transcend Information
Western Digital (SanDisk)





Internet



Baidu
Facebook
Google
IAC/InterActiveCorp
Microsoft
Naver
NetEase
Netflix
Oath
Tencent
Twitter
Uber
Vox Media
Yandex





Cloud computing




Akamai Technologies
Amazon Web Services
Google
IBM
Microsoft
Oracle Corporation
Rackspace
Salesforce.com








E-commerce only




Alibaba Group
Amazon.com
eBay
Flipkart
Groupon
JD.com
Shopify
Rakuten








Mainframes



Fujitsu
IBM





Mobile devices



Acer Inc.
Amazon.com
Apple
Asus
BBK Electronics (OPPO, OnePlus, Vivo)
BlackBerry Limited
Hisense
HTC
Huawei
I-Mobile
Karbonn Mobiles
Lava Mobiles (XOLO)
Lenovo (Motorola Mobility)
LG Electronics
Meizu
Micromax Informatics (YU Televentures)
Microsoft
Nokia
Panasonic
Samsung
Sony
TCL Corporation
True
Xiaomi
ZTE





Networking equipment



Avaya
Cisco Systems
Ericsson
Fujitsu
Hewlett Packard Enterprise
Huawei
Juniper Networks
Motorola Solutions
NEC
Nokia
Qualcomm
ZTE





OEMs



Celestica
Compal Electronics
Flextronics
Foxconn
Jabil
Pegatron
Quanta
Sanmina Corporation
TPV Technology
Wistron Corporation





Personal computers
and servers



Acer Inc.
Apple Inc.
Asus
Dell
Fujitsu
HP Inc.
Lenovo
LG Electronics
NEC
Panasonic
Positivo
Samsung Electronics
Toshiba





Servers only




Cisco Systems
Hewlett Packard Enterprise
IBM
Inspur
Oracle Corporation








Financial technology



Euronet Worldwide
FIS
PayPal
Fiserv
Jack Henry
SWIFT
Square





Point of sale



Casio
NCR
Panasonic
Samsung Electronics
Seiko Epson
Sharp
Star Micronics
Toshiba
Wincor Nixdorf





Semiconductors



Advanced Micro Devices
Broadcom
Fujitsu
Infineon Technologies
Integrated Micro-Electronics, Inc.
Intel
LG Electronics
Marvell Technology Group
MediaTek
Micron Technology
Nvidia
NXP Semiconductors (Freescale)
ON Semiconductor
Panasonic
Qualcomm
Renesas Electronics
Samsung Electronics
SK Hynix
Sony
STMicroelectronics
Texas Instruments
Toshiba
VIA Technologies





Foundries




GlobalFoundries
TSMC
United Microelectronics Corporation
SMIC








Equipment




Applied Materials
KLA-Tencor
Lam Research
Tokyo Electron








Software



Adobe Systems
Amadeus IT Group
Apple Inc.
Autodesk
BMC Software
CA Technologies
FIS
Google
Hewlett Packard Enterprise
IBM
Intuit
Infor
Microsoft
Oracle Corporation
Sage Group
SAP SE
Symantec
VMware





Telecommunications
services



América Móvil
AT&T
Bell Canada
Bezeq
Bharti Airtel
Bharat Sanchar Nigam Limited
BT Group
CenturyLink
China Mobile
China Telecom
China Unicom
Chunghwa Telecom
Comcast
Deutsche Telekom
Hutchison Asia
Idea Cellular
KDDI
KPN
KT Corporation
Mahanagar Telephone Nigam
MTN
MTS
Nippon
NTT DoCoMo
Oi
Orange S.A.
PCCW
Reliance
Shaw
Singtel
SK Telecom
SoftBank Mobile
Spark
Sprint Corporation
Swisscom
Tata Teleservices
Telecom Italia
Telefónica
Telenor
Telus
Telmex
Telstra
TPG
True
Türk Telekom
Veon
Verizon
Viettel
Vivendi
Vodafone





Travel technology



Amadeus IT Group
Sabre Corporation
Travelport





Video games



Activision Blizzard
Atari
Bandai Namco
Capcom‎
Electronic Arts
Epic Games
LucasArts
Koei Tecmo
Konami
NCsoft
Nexon
Nintendo
Sega
Sony
Square Enix
Take-Two Interactive
Tencent
Ubisoft
Warner Bros.






Methodology: FY2014/15 applicable revenues of over: group 1-3, 6-12 - US$3 billion; group 4 - US$2 billion; group 5,13,16 - US$1 billion










v
t
e


Accounting software






Comparison of accounting software





Open-source





Non-web




GnuCash
HomeBank
KMyMoney
RCA Open-Source Application
Tryton
TurboCASH






Web-based




Adempiere
Apache OFBiz
Compiere
Dolibarr
ERPNext
iDempiere
IntarS
LedgerSMB
metasfresh
Odoo
Openbravo
Tryton








Freeware



BIG4books
NolaPro
Outright
ZipBooks





Retail



Acumatica
Agresso
AME Accounting Software
Aplos Software
Aria Systems
Banktivity
CGram Software
Cheqbook
ClearBooks
Coda Financials
Eclipse ERP
FinancialForce.com
Fortora Fresh Finance
FreeAgent
Gem Accounts
JD Edwards
Invoiceit
Liberty Accounts
Microsoft Dynamics AX
Microsoft Dynamics GP
Microsoft Dynamics NAV
Microsoft Dynamics SL
Moneydance
MYOB
NetSuite
NewViews
NOSA XP
Open Systems Accounting Software
Oracle Applications
Pastel Accounting
QuickBooks
Quicken
Reckon
Sage 50 Accounting
Sage 300
SAP Business One
SAP ERP
Tally Solutions
TRAVERSE
Wave Accounting
Xero
You Need a Budget





File formats



NV2
OFC
OFX
QC
QFX
QIF
XBRL








 Category










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=SAP_SE&oldid=791384682"					
Categories: SAP SE1972 establishments in GermanyBanking software companiesCloud computing providersCompanies based in Baden-WürttembergCompanies established in 1972Companies listed on the New York Stock ExchangeCRM software companiesERP software companiesGerman brandsMultinational companies headquartered in GermanyOpenTravel AllianceSoftware companies of GermanySocietates EuropaeaeCompanies in the Euro Stoxx 501972 in computer science1978 in computer scienceHidden categories: Use British English from May 2015Use dmy dates from January 2013Pages using deprecated image syntaxArticles containing German-language textWikipedia articles needing clarification from April 2017Articles containing potentially dated statements from 2016All articles containing potentially dated statementsArticles lacking reliable references from July 2016All articles lacking reliable references 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia CommonsWikiversity 



Languages


AfrikaansالعربيةAzərbaycancaБългарскиBosanskiCatalàČeštinaDanskDeutschΕλληνικάEspañolEsperantoفارسیFrançaisFryskGalego한국어Հայերենहिन्दीHornjoserbsceHrvatskiBahasa IndonesiaItalianoעבריתಕನ್ನಡҚазақшаLatviešuLietuviųMagyarमराठीМонголNederlands日本語Norsk bokmålNorsk nynorskOʻzbekcha/ўзбекчаPolskiPortuguêsRomânăРусскийSlovenčinaСрпски / srpskiSrpskohrvatski / српскохрватскиSuomiSvenskaதமிழ்తెలుగుไทยTürkçeУкраїнськаTiếng Việt粵語中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 19 July 2017, at 22:37.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 






Data Dumps  |  Freebase API (Deprecated)
       |  Google Developers
    
    
      
        Freebase API (Deprecated)
      
    
    
    All Products
  
  Sign in

  
  Send feedback
  





            Hey there! Are you maybe looking for Firebase instead?

            







    Data Dumps
  


The Freebase API will be completely shut-down on Aug 31 2016. This page provides access to the last available data dump. Read more.
Data Dumps are a downloadable version of the data in Freebase. They constitute a snapshot of the data stored in Freebase and the Schema that structures it, and are provided under the same CC-BY license. The Freebase/Wikidata mappings are provided under the CC0 license.

Freebase Triples
Freebase Deleted Triples
Freebase/Wikidata Mappings
License
Citing

Freebase Triples


This dataset contains every fact currently in Freebase.

Total triples: 1.9 billion
Updated: Weekly
Data Format: N-Triples RDF
License: CC-BY

22 GB gzip250 GB uncompressed

Download



The RDF data is serialized using the N-Triples format, encoded as UTF-8 text and compressed with Gzip.


RDF
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11vjz1ynm> <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/measurement_unit.dated_percentage.date> "2001-02"^^<http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema#gYearMonth>  .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11vjz1ynm>  <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/measurement_unit.dated_percentage.source> <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11x1gf2m6>  .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11vjz1ynm>  <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/type.object.type> <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/measurement_unit.dated_percentage>  .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11vjz1ynm>  <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/measurement_unit.dated_percentage.rate> 4.5 .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11vjz1ynm>  <http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type> <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/measurement_unit.dated_percentage>  .


If you're writing your own code to parse the RDF dumps its often more efficient to read directly from GZip file rather than extracting the data first and then processing the uncompressed data.
<subject>  <predicate>  <object> .
Note: In Freebase, objects have MIDs that look like /m/012rkqx. In RDF those MIDs become m.012rkqx. Likewise, Freebase schema like /common/topic are written as common.topic.
The subject is the ID of a Freebase object. It can be a Freebase MID (ex. m.012rkqx) for topics and CVTs or a human-readable ID (ex. common.topic) for schema.
The predicate is always a human-readable ID for a Freebase property or a property from a standard RDF vocabulary like RDFS. Freebase foreign key namespaces are also used as predicates to make it easier to look up keys by namespace.
The object field may contain a Freebase MID for an object or a human-readable ID for schema from Freebase or other RDF vocabularies. It may also include literal values like strings, booleans and numeric values.
Topic descriptions often contain newlines. In order to make each triple fit on one line, we have escaped newlines with "\n".
Freebase Deleted Triples
We also provide a dump of triples that have been deleted from Freebase over time. This is a one-time dump through March 2013. In the future, we might consider providing periodic updates of recently deleted triples, but at the moment we have no specific timeframe for doing so, and are only providing this one-time dump. 

The dump is distributed as a .tar.gz file (2.1Gb compressed, 7.7Gb uncompressed). It contains 63,036,271 deleted triples in 20 files (there is no particular meaning to the individual files, it is just easier to manipulate several smaller files than one huge file).


Thanks to Chun How Tan and John Giannandrea for making this data release possible.




Total triples: 63 million
Updated: June 9, 2013
Data Format: CSV
License: CC-BY

2 GB gzip8 GB uncompressed

Download



The data format is essentially CSV with one important caveat. The object field may contain any characters, including commas (as well as any other reasonable delimiters you could think of). However, all the other fields are guaranteed not to contain commas, so the data can still be parsed unambiguously.

The columns in the dataset are defined as:

creation_timestamp (Unix epoch time in milliseconds)
creator
deletion_timestamp (Unix epoch time in milliseconds)
deletor
subject (MID)
predicate (MID)
object (MID/Literal)
language_code



CSV
1352854086000,/user/mwcl_wikipedia_en,1352855856000,/user/mwcl_wikipedia_en,/m/03r90,/type/object/key,/wikipedia/en/$B816,en
1355171076000,/user/mwcl_musicbrainz,1364258198000,/user/turtlewax_bot,/m/0nncp9z,/music/recording/artist,/m/01vbfm4,en
1176630380000,/user/mwcl_images,1335928144000,/user/gardening_bot,/m/029w57m,/common/image/size,/m/0kly56,en
1292854917000,/user/mwcl_musicbrainz,1364823418001,/user/mbz_pipeline_merge_bot,/m/0fv1vl8,/type/object/type,/common/topic,en
1205530905000,/user/mwcl_images,1336022041000,/user/gardening_bot,/m/01x5scz,/common/licensed_object/license,/m/02x6b,en
1302391361000,/user/content_administrator,1336190973000,/user/gardening_bot,/m/0gkb45y,/type/object/type,/type/content,en
1176728962002,/user/mwcl_images,1335954186000,/user/gardening_bot,/m/08430h,/common/topic/image,/m/02cs147,en
1172002568007,/user/mwcl_chefmoz,1283588560000,/user/delete_bot,/m/01z4c1z,/type/object/name,La Casa Rosa Mexican Restaurant,en


Freebase/Wikidata Mappings


The data has been created based on the Wikidata-Dump of October 28, 2013, and contains only those links that have at least two common Wikipedia-Links and not a single disagreeing Wikipedia-Link. Furthermore, the lines are sorted by the number of common Wikipedia-Links (although in Turtle this does not really matter).

Total triples: 2.1M
Updated: October 28, 2013
Data Format: N-Triples RDF
License: CC0

21.2 MB gzip242.9 MB uncompressed

Download



The RDF data is serialized using the N-Triples format, encoded as UTF-8 text and compressed with Gzip.


RDF
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/m.0695j>  <http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#sameAs>  <http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q6718> .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/m.05nrg>  <http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#sameAs7>  <http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q538> .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/m.0jgd>  <http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#sameAs>  <http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q414> .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/m.0d_23>  <http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#sameAs>  <http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q2537> .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/m.04g7d>  <http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#sameAs>  <http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q315> .


License
Freebase Data Dumps are provided free of charge for any purpose with regular updates by Google. They are distributed, like Freebase itself, under the Creative Commons Attribution (aka CC-BY) and use is subject to the Terms of Service.
The Freebase/Wikidata ID mappings are provided under CC0 and can be used without restrictions.
Citing
If you'd like to cite these data dumps in a publication, you may use:

Google, Freebase Data Dumps, https://developers.google.com/freebase/data, <month> <day>, <year>

Or as BibTeX:


BibTex

@misc{freebase:datadumps,
  title = "Freebase Data Dumps"
  author = "Google",
  howpublished = "\url{https://developers.google.com/freebase/data}",
  edition = "<month> <day>, <year>",
  year = "<year>"
}




Except as otherwise noted, the content of this page is licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 License, and code samples are licensed under the Apache 2.0 License. For details, see our Site Policies. Java is a registered trademark of Oracle and/or its affiliates.

      
      Last updated February 10, 2017.
    




Send feedback about...
          
          This page
        
            
            Documentation feedback
          
        Freebase API (Deprecated)
        
            
            Product feedback
          
        
        Cancel
      
