










 


﻿







Hedge Funds – Octafinance



















































 








Friday, 28 July 2017

























 

Menu



Featured News


						2 years ago - Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Tests Its Ad Technology On Billboards To Cushion Itself Against Ad Blocks


						2 years ago - China Margin Debt Hits 8-Week High, Japan Pumps’n’Dumps As Kyle Bass Fears Looming EM Banking Crisis


						2 years ago - Marc Faber Shares His Insight in One Hour Exclusive Interview. He Covers All From Commodities and China to Inflation, The Euro and Gold


						2 years ago - Carl Icahn Criticizes the Fed. Feels Bad For Investors Buying Junk Bonds


						2 years ago - John Burbank: European QE Can’t Save The Markets Same As the U.S. Quantitative Easing. Everything Will Be Liquidated









Home » Hedge Funds 

Hedge Funds 

Share with your friendsYour NameYour EmailRecipient EmailEnter a MessageI read this article and found it very interesting, thought it might be interesting for you. The article is called Hedge Funds and is was published by Octafinance.com at http://www.octafinance.com/hedge-funds/.CaptchaSubmit
Hedge Funds Database
In our Free Hedge Funds Database we have listed more than 4000+ hedge funds and institutional investors. You can see the fund’s summary, employees, AUM, portfolio values, historical 13F, current portfolio, holdings, new positions, sector weights, sentiment, turnover, top 10 holdings and more.
What is a Hedge Fund? A Closer Look at Hedge Funds.
There are plenty of investment vehicles that financially savvy individuals can think about investing in or tracking. The hedge fund is just one of those, but it is also the one that is worth looking at. There’s an air of mystery about this type of investment vehicle, but it is not always a tough nut to crack. What investors need to do is to educate themselves on what hedge funds are and to understand what risks they should expect to expose their investments to.
How Do Hedge Funds Work?
Hedge funds are considered as viable alternatives to the existing forms of investment on the financial markets. However, it is not open to every individual investor. Rather, the funds are more ideal for people and institutions that have significant amount of assets that they want to be managed and grown. Managers typically pool together the assets of their clients to create a unified fund, and then they make their trades and investments using that single fund.
It is theoretically similar to mutual funds, but they differ in the techniques. That’s the reason why it’s not open to individual investors. There are significant risks involved – aside from traditional investment vehicles like the popular mutual funds and stock market options as well as bonds, hedge fund managers lean more towards high risk but sophisticated trading techniques to realize significant profits for their clients’ portfolio.
Adding to the risk exposure is the fact that hedge funds are not as closely regulated as the other financial instruments. Hedge fund managers are not always required to make filings and reports to the Securities and Exchange Commission, but that’s on a case to case basis. If the assets are large enough, the SEC will require reports. Hedge fund managers, however, are bound by law to protect their clients’ investments or face anti-fraud measures.
A Brief History of Hedge Funds
Hedge funds have a very long history. People and institutions began investing in this vehicle at the early 21st century. The funds never lost popularity over time. Before the recession hit, there was a total value of US$1.93 trillion being managed by hedge fund managers worldwide. The industry had a brief hiccup afterwards, because of the sub-prime mortgage crisis, but it eventually recovered. This is a testimony to how popular hedge funds really are, and how much investors are willing to trust their assets to managers.
Hedge fund assets totaled $2 trillion worldwide by April 2011, just three years after the crisis burst. By the third quarter of 2014, the worldwide value of assets under management or AUM is at $2.38 trillion and may continue to grow in the next years.
Hedge Fund Strategies
Hedge fund managers do not subscribe to a single strategy but, rather, they employ a combination of various strategies. It is not uncommon to find hedge fund managers putting some of the money in their management to purchase securities derivatives.
There are, however, some popular strategies that hedge fund managers acknowledge and use. Hedge fund managers will exercise any strategy and option within their discretion in response to several factors in the market.
Here are some of the strategies that hedge fund managers could use, either by itself or in tandem with other techniques in managing assets:

Global macro

This type of strategy relies on identifying macroeconomic events that take place around the world to make investment decisions. Managers generally look at the big picture globally to identify potential entry points for profitable investments. The Global Macro approach leverages multiple markets, and managers will employ long and short investment strategies to maximize profits from volatile market movements. This approach is very flexible, and very diversified as well because there are many variations of sub-strategy under this umbrella.

Directional

The directional strategy does not pay too much attention to what is happening to markets on a global basis. Instead, directional strategy dictates that fund managers look at each individual market movement when picking ideal investments. A typical action under this strategy is to invest in equities with an eye for the long term, and to couple that position with short-term buying and selling to hedge against risk.

Event-driven

Hedge fund managers following this philosophy are focused in following corporate events and leveraging their assets to earn from the market movement influenced by these occurrences. For instance, company consolidations and mergers can make possible upward movements in price. Event-driven hedge fund management will typically take positions before or after such events take place in order to leverage and earn profits from the price movements that occur. Even bankruptcy declarations can also spur action from event-driven hedge fund managers.

Relative value

Relative event hedge fund management focuses on finding price discrepancies and investing on those. This is the most technical of all the four management strategies discussed so far. Analysis is very comprehensive and somewhat holistic, as there are many types of analysis carried out under this strategy to identify the profitable price discrepancies.
How Do Hedge Fund Managers Approach Risk?
As mentioned above, hedge funds are not advisable for all types of investors because of the amount of risk involved in their operation. That is where risk mitigation comes in. In fact, managers operating in the hedge fund industry are described as being the most meticulous – they use the most stringent and the most precise means of protecting investments against the risks that the volatility of the market brings.
The most common method of reducing the risk exposure of managed assets is to diversify. The entirety of the funds used to set up the hedge funds are split between various investments, and varying investment positions. For instance, some of the funds may be put into long-term positions in low-risk, low-return funds that can steadily gain in the passage of time.
A portion of the funds may be invested in high-risk, high-return investment positions that the hedge fund manager may monitor in the short term, taking into consideration the risk factor and market environment.
In addition, hedge fund companies may employ risk officers. These are not people who are directly involved in trading, but have knowledge in how markets work. These risk officers will focus on identifying long and short-term risks to the assets under management, and will then work on creating a comprehensive risk management strategy that will be applied by the hedge fund managers for their managed assets.
Other techniques for managing risk in hedge funds include using risk management methodologies as well as operational due diligence.
Offshore and Onshore Hedge Funds
Because of their popularity and the global nature of their investment, hedge fund managers can be found all over the world. There are two types of hedge fund management companies, and they are the onshore and offshore hedge fund managers. Their differences lie mainly in the levying of tax on the investors’ earnings.
Offshore hedge fund managers give their investors the advantage of minimal tax consequences. For example, US-based investors who enjoy tax exemptions on their investments, particularly in retirement funds, will turn to offshore hedge funds. This helps them avoid being taxed for their income from the hedge funds.
On the other hand, if offshore hedge funds invest in instruments and securities in the United States, they can expect the US government to slap withholding taxes on their investments. However, there are no capital gains tax involved here – this is to make sure that offshore investors are not double-taxed for any increase on the value of their assets. Only their local jurisdiction has the legal right to levy any taxes on the investors for gains they see from their investments.
The presence of both onshore and offshore hedge management funds make the taxation more flexible and more personalized according to each investor’s personal expectations in taxation. In addition, it encourages global investment because of the measures imposed specifically to avoid the horrors of double-taxation – a common fear among investors who have eyes on diversifying globally.
Prominent Centers of Investment
The United States remains the center of global hedge fund management. 70% of the hedge fund managers that oversee the progress of global funds are based in the United States. The Securities and Exchange Commission has in its registry nearly 4,000 financial experts, as of April 2012, who handled management of hedge funds. These are found across the US, but most of them are based in New York City and Connecticut’s Gold Coast.
As for European hedge funds, London is the home of the managers with over 800 of them found in the city. In 2011, these firms were responsible for managing 85% of the hedge fund assets from continental Europe.
There is a growing market in Asia, particularly in Japan. Growing economic centers Hong Kong and Singapore are also experiencing a growth in hedge fund assets under management, but it will be some time before they achieve the demand in hedge fund managers enjoyed by the US and London in Europe. In fact, most of the hedge funds from Asia are managed by offshore companies based in these two centers.
Hedge Fund Industry – Assets Under Management




(USD Billions)
4rd Qtr 2014
3rd Qtr 2014
2nd Qtr 2014
1st Qtr 2014


Hedge Funds
$2478.6B
$2380.5B
$2339.4B
$2259.9B


Funds of Funds
$448.3B
$457.0B
$462.5B
$485.4B


Sectors






Convertible Arbitrage
$29.5B
$30.6B
$31.2B
$31.1B


Distressed Securities
$180.1B
$177.1B
$170.2B
$162.4B


Emerging Markets
$272.9B
$274.3B
$271.2B
$256.1B


Equity Long Bias
$208.8B
$203.1B
$200.9B
$194.6B


Equity Long/Short
$199.4B
$193.4B
$200.2B
$204.4B


Equity Long-Only
$130.5B
$125.2B
$125.2B
$116.8B


Equity Market Neutral
$43.4B
$37.9B
$34.1B
$32.2B


Event Driven
$290.9B
$285.1B
$275.6B
$251.0B


Fixed Income
$377.5B
$380.4B
$373.1B
$339.9B


Macro
$204.0B
$195.1B
$192.5B
$195.1B


Merger Arbitrage
$31.3B
$32.3B
$28.5B
$24.8B


Multi-Strategy
$276.1B
$264.2B
$254.0B
$276.5B


Other
$96.2B
$115.4B
$115.4B
$128.6B


Sector Specific
$138.1B
$131.7B
$132.2B
$127.6B



Hedge Funds are not the only alternative way to invest in the investment universe. A different class of investment are Managed Futures.

 
Commodity trading advisors are these that provide managed futures accounts or funds and they have very different return profile and correlations than hedge funds. Managed Futures offer a good way to diversify hedge fund or other traditional investments and in some cases could also offer lower minimum investment requirements. Because hedge funds are usually stock picking and don’t provide crisis alpha, managed funds which do, are a good way to avoid painful market correction.
Hedge Fund News
We offer completely free hedge fund news on more than 4000+ funds and their managers. Read about their traders, portfolios, strategies and returns. Don’t forget to also visit our hedge fund returns section where we have ranked the top 60 hedge funds by annualized returns since inception and listed their trading strategies and styles.

Receive News & Ratings Via Email - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.












 





Free Email Newsletter
    Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for your stocks with our FREE daily email newsletter:







Hedge Fund NewsTop 10 CITADEL ADVISORS 13F Holdings in Q3 2015DF DENT & CO INC Just Released Its Q3 2015 Stock PositionsMAVERICK CAPITAL Top 10 Holdings in Q3 2015Analyzing Ken Griffins CITADEL ADVISORS Stock Holdings in Q3 2015LONE PINE CAPITAL Top 10 13F Positions in Q3 2015Guru NewsFelix Zulauf Sees a Stock Market Correction Coming. This Rally S&P 500 (INDEXSP:.INX) Will Be Short-LivedMarc Faber Shares His Insight in One Hour Exclusive Interview. He Covers All From Commodities and China to Inflation, The Euro and GoldJim Grant: The Next Thing Might Be Helicopter Money. What to Buy and Where He Sees Investment OpportunitiesKyle Bass Bearish on Emerging Markets for at least 2 More Years. Looking to Short CurrenciesDavid Tepper Gets Defensive. Is it Time to Get Out of The Stock Market?


Macro NewsChina Margin Debt Hits 8-Week High, Japan Pumps’n’Dumps As Kyle Bass Fears Looming EM Banking CrisisAre US – Russian Relations A Zero-Sum Game?US and Russia have launched direct talks on the conflict in SyriaYuan Drops as PBOC Cuts Reference Rate by Most Since DevaluationCould the market crash like 1987?—put volume spike argues low is nearCTAs NewsRed Rock Just Published Report About The Trend Following Landscape & How CTAs’ Performance Must Be AnalyzedHow to Implement Dual Momentum for non-US InvestorsDo Commodity Trading Advisors (CTAs) Really Provide Crisis Alpha, Equity Hedge and Are Long Volatility?Futures NewsVictor Sperandeo Believes the Risk/Reward for Commodities Is 1/10. Recommends 5%-10% Allocation: iPath Bloomberg Commodity exchange-traded note (DJP)For Commodities, It’s 2008 All Over Again. 18 of the 22 components in the Bloomberg Commodity Index have dropped at least 20%Morgan Stanley Joins’s Gold Bearish Camp And Sees The Possibility of Gold Decreasing to $800 Per OunceRussian Majors Rosneft, Gazprom and Lukoil sit pretty at US$60/bblFour Houston oil companies among Goldman Sachs’ picks for likely acquisition targets : EOG Resources (NYSE:EOG), Noble Energy (NYSE:NBL), Anadarko Petroleum (NYSE:APC) and Cabot Oil & Gas (NYSE:COG)



















      Alex Denner - Sarissa Capital Management - 2017 Stock Picks and Performance - Insider Monkey                          Companies 0 See All     Hedge Funds 0 See All    Insiders 0 See All    Institutional Investors 0 See All   Click here to see all  results for  Sorry, no results has been found matching your query.                   Adblocker Detected    Dear Valued Visitor, We have noticed that you are using an ad blocker software.
    Although advertisements on the web pages may degrade your experience, our business certainly depends on them and we can only keep providing you high-quality research based articles as long as we can display ads on our pages. To view this article, you can disable your ad blocker and refresh this page or simply login. We only allow registered users to use ad blockers. You can sign up for free by clicking here or you can login if you are already a member.       Home > Hedge Funds > Sarissa Capital Management
				> Profile    Hedge Fund - Sarissa Capital Management  Get Email Alerts     Profile Holdings Latest 13D & 13G Filings News, Interviews, and Investor Letters     Get Email Alerts  Profile Holdings Latest 13D & 13G Filing News     Alex Denner Bio, Returns, Net Worth     Sarissa Capital Management was launched by Alexander J. Denner in 2012 and is currently headquartered in Greenwich, Connecticut. The hedge fund invests primarily in stocks of companies operating in the health care industry. Mr. Denner gained experience as portfolio manager during his stint at Andreas Halvorsen’s Viking Global, which ended in 2006. For the next six years, Mr. Denner served as Senior Managing Director at Carl Icahn’s Icahn Capital LP, after which he decided to found his own investment firm.                    Fund Profile  Filing Period:  2017-06-30 2017-03-31 2016-12-31 2016-09-30 2016-06-30 2016-03-31 2015-12-31 2015-09-30 2015-06-30 2015-03-31 2014-12-31 2014-09-30 2014-06-30 2014-03-31 2013-12-31 2013-09-30 2013-06-30 2013-03-31 2012-12-31 2012-09-30 2012-06-30 2012-03-31 2011-12-31 2011-09-30 2011-06-30 2011-03-31 2010-12-31          Fund Name: Sarissa Capital Management   Manager Alex Denner   Portfolio Value $253,055,000   Change This QTR +0.70%                 Top Holdings  Login to See All Holdings | Sign up      Filing Period:  2017-06-30 2017-03-31 2016-12-31 2016-09-30 2016-06-30 2016-03-31 2015-12-31 2015-09-30 2015-06-30 2015-03-31 2014-12-31 2014-09-30 2014-06-30 2014-03-31 2013-12-31 2013-09-30 2013-06-30 2013-03-31 2012-12-31 2012-09-30 2012-06-30 2012-03-31 2011-12-31 2011-09-30 2011-06-30 2011-03-31 2010-12-31     Last updated on May 15, 2017, 8:37 pm based on SEC 13F filings Last update: May 15, 2017, 8:37 pm              No.  Security  Ticker  Shares  Value (x$1000)  Activity  % Port      1. Medicines Co MDCO 1,752,000 $85,672  33.85%   2. Biogen Inc. BIIB 310,000 $84,760  33.49%   3. Innoviva Inc  3,425,000 $47,367 +16% 18.71%   4. Novelion Therapeutics Inc  1,025,000 $11,008  4.35%   5. Bioverativ Inc  155,000 $8,441  3.33%        Login to See All Holdings | Sign up, It's FREE        Latest 13D & 13G Filings  Login to See All Filings | Sign up       Company Symbol Filed By Filing Date Filing    Novelion Therapeutics Inc. NVLN Sarissa Capital Management 2017-06-30 13D Filing   Ariad Pharmaceuticals Inc ARIA Sarissa Capital Management 2017-02-21 13D Filing   Aegerion Pharmaceuticals Inc. AEGR Sarissa Capital Management 2016-03-22 13D Filing   Ariad Pharmaceuticals Inc ARIA Sarissa Capital Management 2016-03-18 13D Filing       Login to See All Filings | Sign up, It's FREE       News, Interviews and Investor Letters See All         13D Filing: Sarissa Capital Management and Novelion Therapeutics Inc. (NVLN) If the filing person has previously filed a statement on Schedule 13G to report the acquisition which is the subject of this Schedule 13D, and is filing this schedule because of Rule 13d-1(e), 13d-1(f...... (read more) July 3rd, 2017 -  Hedge Funds - Comments         Hedge Fund News: Nelson Peltz, Bill Ackman, Ray Dalio Peltz is that rare breed of insurgent known as "operational activists" because his track record as an operator sets him apart from "financial activists," investors from a hedge fund background who focus...... (read more) March 13th, 2017 -  Hedge Funds - Comments         140 Biggest and Most Famous Activist Hedge Funds After all, activist hedge funds get most of their earnings from investing in companies and pushing them to provide more shareholder value. These funds and their managers can start off with a statement...... (read more) February 2nd, 2017 -  Hedge Funds News - Comments         Sarissa Capital Management and Aegerion Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (AEGR) Amend Nomination Agreement In a recent filing with the US Securities and Exchange Commission, Alex Denner's Sarissa Capital Management has reported entering into an amendment to the nomination agreement with Aegerion Pharmaceuticals...... (read more) March 22nd, 2016 -  Hedge Funds News - Comments         Ubben Sells More Shares of Motorola Solutions Inc. (MSI), Meister Cuts Stake in This REIT, Plus 2 Other Moves Fresh data shows that 2015 was the year with the highest number of hedge fund closures since the financial crisis, as increased volatility in equity markets significantly impacted the performance of the...... (read more) March 21st, 2016 -  Hedge Funds News - Comments         Aegerion Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (AEGR): Sarissa Capital Management Files Amended 13D Sarissa Capital Management filed an amended 13D today regarding Aegerion Pharmaceuticals (NASDAQ:AEGR) disclosing the confidentiality agreement between the activist hedge fund and the pharmaceuticals...... (read more) October 23rd, 2015 -  Hedge Funds News - Comments         One Fund is Buying This Biotech Stock Although It’s Losing Smart Money’s Support Alex Denner is still bullish on Aegerion Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (NASDAQ:AEGR) and has further increased his stake in the company. As reported in a recent filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission...... (read more) September 30th, 2015 -  Hedge Funds News - Comments         Hedge Fund News: Alex Denner, Steven Tananbaum, Bill Ackman Ariad Pharmaceuticals founder and CEO Harvey Berger is exiting the struggling cancer drug company in a settlement with Sarissa Capital, the activist hedge fund led by Alex Denner, the company said Wednesday...... (read more) April 29th, 2015 -  Hedge Funds - Comments         Ariad Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (ARIA), Amgen, Inc. (AMGN): How Sarissa Capital’s Top Picks Beat the Market Headquartered in Connecticut, Sarissa Capital Management was founded by Alexander J. Denner in 2012. Prior to this, Mr. Denner worked as a portfolio manager at Andreas Halvorsen’s Viking Global and...... (read more) April 15th, 2015 -  Hedge Funds News - Comments         Aegerion Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (AEGR), Joint Corp (JYNT), Trillium Therapeutics Inc. (TRIL): Latest Fund Moves in the Hot Healthcare Sector At Insider Monkey, we track over 700 of the top hedge funds in the world, following and reporting on their latest moves disclosed through filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission on a daily...... (read more) April 2nd, 2015 -  Hedge Funds News - Comments         Ariad Pharmaceuticals, Inc., Quest Diagnostics Inc, Amgen, Inc.: Sarissa Capital’s Top Stock Picks and New Moves Alex Denner’s Sarissa Capital Management recently disclosed its stock picks for the fourth quarter of 2014 in a 13F Form filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. In addition to revealing...... (read more) February 21st, 2015 -  Hedge Funds News - Comments         Townsquare Media Inc, Aegerion Pharmaceuticals, Inc.: Tricadia Capital Increases Stake; Sarissa Capital Enters New Position Michael Barnes And Arif Inayatullah’s Tricadia Capital Management recently disclosed an increase to its position in Townsquare Media Inc (NYSE:TSQ) of 555,500 Class A Common Shares. According to the...... (read more) February 6th, 2015 -  Hedge Funds News - Comments         Ariad Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (ARIA): Healthcare-focused Sarissa Capital Inches Up Its Stake to 6.87% As a new filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission showed, Sarissa Capital Management, a fund led by Alex Denner, has picked up its position in Ariad Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (NASDAQ:ARIA) to 12...... (read more) August 25th, 2014 -  Hedge Funds News - Comments         Activist Alex Denner’s Sarissa Capital Bets on Ariad Pharmaceuticals Inc (ARIA), Quest Diagnostics Inc (DGX) & Others Alex Denner’s Sarissa Capital disclosed its holdings in its latest and first 13F filings. The hedge fund has invested $267.02 million in equity portfolio and is focusing mainly on the Healthcare sector...... (read more) February 14th, 2014 -  Hedge Funds News - Comments         Former Icahn MD’s Sarissa Capital Discloses 6.2% of Ariad Pharmaceuticals According to a new filing with the SEC, Sarissa Capital Management now holds around 11.5 million shares of Ariad Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (NASDAQ:ARIA), with an aggregate value of some $43.6 million, at...... (read more) October 29th, 2013 -  Hedge Funds News - Comments       Click here to See All News           Hedge Fund Resource Center    How to Beat the Market by 20 Percentage Points Why Track Hedge Funds? Download a Free Edition! Why You Should DUMP Your Hedge Funds 6 Things You Didn't Know About Hedge Funds        Billionaire Hedge Funds          Warren Buffett Berkshire Hathaway $147,985,198,000          David Einhorn Greenlight Capital $5,818,885,000          George Soros Soros Fund Management $4,321,285,000          T Boone Pickens BP Capital $318,631,000          Jim Simons Renaissance Technologies $63,208,016,000          Leon Cooperman Omega Advisors $2,269,539,000          Carl Icahn Icahn Capital LP $22,373,522,000          Steve Cohen Point72 Asset Management $14,303,015,000          John Paulson Paulson & Co $7,934,312,000          David Tepper Appaloosa Management LP $5,640,040,000          Paul Tudor Jones Tudor Investment Corp $3,883,628,000          Stanley Druckenmiller Duquesne Capital $1,026,024,000          Julian Robertson Tiger Management $551,620,000          Ray Dalio Bridgewater Associates $10,528,018,000          Ken Fisher Fisher Asset Management $57,428,877,000          Bill Ackman Pershing Square $5,913,210,000          Edward Lampert ESL Investments $652,929,000          Dan Loeb Third Point $10,188,461,000          Ken Griffin Citadel Investment Group $99,007,951,000          Israel Englander Millennium Management $47,754,732,000          Michael Price MFP Investors $824,193,000              Home Hedge Funds Markets Blog Authors About Us Contact Us Privacy Policy Terms of Use Site Map  All text and design is copyright ©2016 Koala Guide LLC. All rights reserved.             










 





Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft






























 



 Glass Lewis Supports Sarissa Capital’s Nominees For Innoviva Board 
         










    











 













 











 



















Glass Lewis Supports Sarissa Capital's Nominees For Innoviva Board
        																																
              

          Glass Lewis recommends that shareholders vote on Sarissa's GOLD PROXY CARD for GEORGE BICKERSTAFF and ODYSSEAS KOSTASGlass Lewis also recommends that shareholders VOTE AGAINST Innoviva's executive compensation
        











 News provided by
Sarissa Capital Management LP  
Apr 06, 2017, 13:35 ET









 Share this article




























































GREENWICH, Conn., April 6, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Sarissa Capital Management LP ("Sarissa") announced today that Glass Lewis, an influential and leading independent proxy voting and corporate governance advisory firm, announced its support for two of Sarissa's three nominees to the Board of Directors of Innoviva, Inc. (NASDAQ:    INVA) ("Innoviva") at its 2017 annual meeting of stockholders to be held on April 20, 2017 at 8:30 a.m. EDT in Philadelphia.  









Glass Lewis recommends that Innoviva shareholders VOTE ON THE GOLD CARD FOR GEORGE BICKERSTAFF and ODYSSEAS KOSTAS 
Glass Lewis recommends that shareholders VOTE AGAINST INNOVIVA'S EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION

We urge all shareholders to read Glass Lewis' thoughtful analysis which sheds light on many of the problems at Innoviva.
In announcing its support for the Sarissa nominees, Glass Lewis concluded:
"Upon full review, we believe [Sarissa] has both provided a reasonable case for minority change to the incumbent board and submitted candidates who appear reasonably suited to address the concerns raised across Sarissa's materials.  In turn, we believe the board has offered a selectively structured, unconvincing rebuke of material concerns surrounding Innoviva's climbing costs, poor TSR performance, dubious compensation practices and troubling corporate governance protocols. In light of these considerable concerns, we believe investors would benefit from a fresh, shareholder-friendly perspective at the board level."  [Emphasis Added]
In discussing, Innoviva's corporate governance issues, including the NomGov committee process touted by Innoviva that added Patrick LePore and Barbara Duncan to the board, Glass Lewis stated:
"While we understand the board may view this framework as providing credibility to the process leading to the appointment of directors Duncan and [LePore], we believe the overwhelming bulk of associated disclosure suggests a deeply flawed committee effort mired in, among other things, dubious meeting protocols, poor member participation, inclusion of non-member directors and, most disconcertingly, the expansive involvement of the Company's sitting CEO. In short, then, we believe there is sufficient cause to suggest Innoviva's corporate governance architecture may be both faulty and reactive."  [Emphasis Added]  
Glass Lewis lists several problematic details of this process involving specific board members which we set forth later in this press release.
Glass Lewis described Innoviva as a "relatively simple enterprise" revolving around GSK and stated:
"In particular, we find management's language supports the notion that the success or failure of Innoviva's products is effectively predicated on GSK's marketing and sales programs, which are, in turn, guided by committees over which GSK exerts de facto control. Thus, we would argue the day-to-day execution of an extant program heavily designed, approved and exclusively implemented by GSK -- rather than any active effort by Innoviva management -- is likely to be the axis around which Innoviva's growth and valuation turn."  [Emphasis Added]
Glass Lewis also expressed the following concerns regarding Innoviva's cost structure and benchmarking practices:
"In short, our considerable doubts about management's percentage-based methodology aside, we are concerned Innoviva -- a firm with two principle products, no research and development function and no sales staff -- is benchmarking its expenses to firms with substantially more complex and diversified operational models."  [Emphasis Added]
Glass Lewis recommended that shareholders vote against Innoviva's executive compensation and stated:
"Given that the foregoing general and administrative cost architecture reflects, among other things, pay afforded to the Company's senior executives, it should arguably come as little surprise that we believe legitimate concerns exist with respect to Innoviva's compensation practices."  [Emphasis Added]
FURTHER TROUBLING DETAILS OF THE NOMGOV PROCESS THAT ADDED PATRICK LEPORE AND BARBARA DUNCAN TO THE BOARD AS ACCOUNTED BY GLASS LEWIS
In discussing the NomGov committee process touted by Innoviva that added Patrick Lepore and Barbara Duncan to the board, Glass Lewis stated, "A closer look, however, raises additional questions around the effectiveness and independence of the committee."  Glass Lewis then stated, "Among other things, we note the following:"

"Notwithstanding a stated intention to identify candidates "for review by the Company's Nominating/Corporate Governance Committee", a substantial portion of the initial vetting appears to have been undertaken solely by former committee chair Paul Pepe;" 
"In addition to Mr. Pepe's efforts, key portions of the process are heavily marked by the participation of CEO Michael Aguiar, as well as the bizarrely extensive inclusion of Cathy Friedman, who is not a member of the nominating and corporate governance committee;" 
"Despite a process starting in May 24, 2016, the other two members of the committee -- William Waltrip and James Tyree -- were not expressly involved in the candidate evaluation and interview process until September 22, 2016;" 
"Advice offered by external counsel regarding director appointments was not given to the full committee, but, instead, only to Mr. Pepe and CEO Michael Aguiar;" 
"In the late stages of the process, the chair of the committee -- without any clear inclusion of Messrs. Tyree or Waltrip -- reported to the full board regarding Mr. LePore;" 
"On October 26, 2016, the committee held a nebulously defined "concurrent meeting" during a regularly scheduled board meeting, leaving considerable ambiguity around the ability of all committee members -- including members Tyree and Waltrip -- to independently discuss then-candidate Pepe;" 
"In the subsequent process relating to Ms. Duncan, disclosure indicates that in lieu of full, unambiguous support by all members of the nominating and corporate governance committee, the plan to appoint Ms. Duncan was instead supported by Mr. Waltrip, as a non-chair member of the committee, Cathy Friedman, a non-member of the committee, and Michael Aguiar, Innoviva's CEO; and" 
"On November 18, 2016, the committee held yet another "concurrent meeting", eventually resulting in, among other things, the appointment of Ms. Duncan."

We believe Glass Lewis' thorough and thoughtful analysis justifies its summation:
"Here, we believe Sarissa has presented a cogent case. While much of Innoviva's materials attempt to frame the Company as a lean enterprise critically and fruitfully involved in key aspects of the GSK collaboration agreements, we consider a more detailed review indicates Innoviva management has limited impact on the Company's royalty streams in light of GSK's marketing mandate and key veto authority.  Notwithstanding Innoviva's muted operational requirements, the Company's operational costs -- which are principally comprised of executive compensation -- have continually expanded, in all cases while ordinary investors have suffered mediocre total returns relative to a benchmark index. Compounding our concern is a corporate governance framework that appears problematically malleable and largely ineffective, in each case as an extension of the seemingly significant influence of current CEO Michael Aguiar. As a result, we are inclined to conclude Sarissa's current campaign represents an opportunity to replace a minority of the board's most culpable members with certain candidates we believe would bring suitable operational knowledge and financial discipline to Innoviva."
Sarissa strongly believes that Innoviva must learn that shareholder capital must be optimized for the benefit of shareholders, not management.  We are gravely concerned about management's ability to be good stewards of future shareholder capital and its desires to "build over time a recurring revenue business."
INNOVIVA DOES NOT MARKET OR SELL ANY DRUGS.  IT JUST COLLECTS ROYALTIES.  SO WHY IS IT SPENDING SO MUCH MONEY ANDWHY IS IT PAYING ITS MANAGEMENT AND DIRECTORS SO MUCH?  IT IS TIME FOR INNOVIVA TO BE OPTIMIZED FOR SHAREHOLDERS.
Time is of the essence. We urge you to VOTE THE GOLD PROXY CARD to help us deliver the necessary change to Innoviva. It is important that you submit your GOLD proxy card AS SOON AS POSSIBLE. Importantly, if you receive a white card from Innoviva, DO NOT return it, just discard it. If you want to follow Glass Lewis' recommendation YOU MUST VOTE ON THE GOLD CARD AND YOU CANNOT VOTE THE WHITE CARD.  Returning a white card, even if you withhold on Innoviva's nominees, will not be a vote for the Sarissa nominees, and it would revoke any vote you previously submitted on the GOLD CARD.

PLEASE VOTE NOW by signing, dating and returning the GOLD proxy card.  You may also vote by phone or internet by following the instructions on the GOLD PROXY CARD.  If you have any questions regarding your GOLD proxy card or need assistance in executing your proxy, please contact our proxy solicitor:
D.F. KING & CO., INC.STOCKHOLDERS CALL TOLL−FREE: (800) 549−6746BANKS AND BROKERAGE FIRMS CALL: (212) 269−5550 WWW.DFKING.COM/INVA.
CERTAIN INFORMATION CONCERNING THE PARTICIPANTS
ON MARCH 22, 2017, SARISSA CAPITAL MANAGEMENT LP ("SARISSA"), TOGETHER WITH THE OTHER PARTICIPANTS IN SARISSA'S PROXY SOLICITATION (THE "PARTICIPANTS"), FILED A DEFINITIVE PROXY STATEMENT AND ACCOMPANYING GOLD PROXY CARD WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION (THE "SEC") to be used to solicit proxies in connection with the 2017 annual meeting of shareholders OF INNOVIVA, INC. (THE "COMPANY"). STOCKHOLDERS ARE URGED TO READ THE DEFINITIVE PROXY STATEMENT AND OTHER DOCUMENTS RELATED TO THE SOLICITATION OF PROXIES FROM THE STOCKHOLDERS OF THE COMPANY BECAUSE THEY CONTAIN IMPORTANT INFORMATION, INCLUDING INFORMATION RELATING TO THE PARTICIPANTS. THE DEFINITIVE PROXY STATEMENT AND A FORM OF PROXY IS AVAILABLE TO STOCKHOLDERS OF THE COMPANY AT NO CHARGE AT THE SEC'S WEBSITE AT WWW.SEC.GOV.  THE DEFINITIVE PROXY STATEMENT AND A FORM OF PROXY IS ALSO AVAILABLE BY CONTACTING SARISSA'S PROXY SOLICITOR, D.F. KING & CO., INC., BY TELEPHONE AT THE FOLLOWING NUMBERS: STOCKHOLDERS CALL TOLL−FREE: (800) 549−6746 AND BANKS AND BROKERAGE FIRMS CALL: (212) 269−5550, OR THROUGH THE INTERNET AT WWW.DFKING.COM/INVA
Consent of the author and publication to use the quotations contained in the material filed herewith as proxy soliciting material was neither sought nor obtained. 
To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/glass-lewis-supports-sarissa-capitals-nominees-for-innoviva-board-300436088.html
SOURCE Sarissa Capital Management LP



 












Apr 10, 2017, 08:31 ET
Preview: ISS Supports All Three Sarissa Capital Nominees For Innoviva Board













Apr 04, 2017, 08:37 ET
Preview: Sarissa Capital Believes That Innoviva's Recent Statements Reinforce That Innoviva Is Being Run for the Benefit of Management and Not Shareholders






My News


  Release contains wide tables.	  View fullscreen.






 Also from this source




 

Apr 26, 2017, 06:59 ET
                                  				                                                                                     
                              Sarissa Asks Innoviva Directors To Explain Continued Director...








 

Apr 21, 2017, 06:59 ET
                                  				                                                                                     
                              Overwhelming Majority Of Non-GSK Shareholders Support Sarissa...





 Explore
 More news releases in similar topics

  Banking & Financial Services








 You just read:
Glass Lewis Supports Sarissa Capital's Nominees For Innoviva Board


 News provided by
Sarissa Capital Management LP  
Apr 06, 2017, 13:35 ET








 Share this article









































 











Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire?
Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform.
Sign up to get started
Request more information
Have an account? Log In

















Search











Searching for your content...









Advanced Search












































 























 



 Sarissa Capital Believes That Innoviva’s Recent Statements Reinforce That Innoviva Is Being Run for 
         










    










 













 











 



















Sarissa Capital Believes That Innoviva's Recent Statements Reinforce That Innoviva Is Being Run for the Benefit of Management and Not Shareholders
        																																
              

          Innoviva pays its employees and directors nearly $16 million a year primarily to monitor an agreement that gives Innoviva very little input and no controlInnoviva's purported process of adding its own directors, while itself flawed, is very different than the perfunctory process that Innoviva used to reject all Sarissa nomineesInnoviva should release all documents requested by Sarissa's 220 letter to paint the true picture of their poor corporate governance
        











 News provided by
Sarissa Capital Management LP  
Apr 04, 2017, 08:37 ET









 Share this article




























































GREENWICH, Conn., April 4, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Sarissa Capital Management LP ("Sarissa") today made the following statement in connection with its intent to nominate a minority slate to the Board of Directors of Innoviva, Inc. (NASDAQ:    INVA) ("Innoviva") at its 2017 annual meeting of stockholders to be held on April 20, 2017 at 8:30 a.m. EDT in Philadelphia.








Innoviva's recent public statements reinforce our belief that Innoviva misses the big picture – Innoviva should be run for the benefit of shareholders, not management.  All shareholder money spent should be justified in order to maximize shareholder return.
Innoviva recently boasted that it runs a lean structure that pays its employees nearly $14 million per year, or $1 million per employee, and has operating expenses of approximately $25 million per year, or $1.8 million per employee.  On this "shoestring" budget, Innoviva's principal function is to staff two joint committees with GSK under an agreement that is structured in such a way to give Innoviva no meaningful voice in its dealings with GSK.  Does Innoviva therefore really believe that its joint committee tasks justify spending approximately $25 million per year, or $1.8 million per employee, and paying compensation of nearly $14 million per year, or $1 million for each employee?  We doubt GSK spends this much to staff these committees.  Sarissa asserts that Innoviva too would spend much less but for one important fact – Innoviva is not operated to maximize the return to shareholders.  
Sarissa strongly believes that Innoviva must learn that shareholder capital must be optimized for the benefit of shareholders, not management.  We are gravely concerned about management's ability to be good stewards of future shareholder capital.

Innoviva is spending approximately $25 million per year, or $1.8 million per employee, to simply collect royalties.  This sum is an outrageous amount of money for a company with such a simple business.  Innoviva claims that this level of spending (which they consider lean!) is necessary due to its significant responsibilities on the joint committees and that Innoviva's help is critical to GSK for the commercial success of GSK's respiratory products.  These claims are simply not true. 
     
Innoviva has very little input and no control under the collaboration agreement.  Under the agreement, GSK has overall responsibility for all development activities and has sole discretion with respect to all development decisions.  The joint committee structure is nothing more than window dressing designed to ensure GSK remains in control.  Under the agreement, if a committee has more than two disagreements in 12 months, GSK thereafter controls all decisions for that committee for the life of the agreement, other than to resolve commercial conflict issues, if any arise.  Obviously, this creates a huge disincentive to disagree with GSK.  IF INNOVIVA DISAGREES WITH GSK MORE THAN TWICE IN ANY YEAR, GSK GAINS A PERPETUAL UNILATERAL VETO.  
Innoviva's involvement is not critical to GSK's success.  GSK has proven quite adept at selling respiratory products without Innoviva.  GSK successfully sold and marketed Advair to peak sales of over $8 billion annually without Innoviva.  And even Innoviva admits that it has no control over GSK's marketing and sales efforts.  SO WHY IS INNOVIVA WASTING ALL OF THIS SHAREHOLDER MONEY WITHOUT JUSTIFYING EACH DOLLAR SPENT?

Innoviva's purported process to add its own directors, while itself flawed, was very different than the perfunctory process undertaken by Innoviva to summarily reject all Sarissa nominees.  Innoviva proudly released a manufactured timeline showing all of the meetings and processes undertaken by the various board members in connection with their decision to add two director nominees sourced by a search firm engaged by the company.  Assuming the accuracy of this timeline, it provides a stark contrast to the perfunctory process undertaken by the board when they summarily rejected all Sarissa nominees.  This timeline portrays a board interested in meeting and interviewing candidates sourced by the company's search firm at length before making an important decision.  In contrast, the NomGov committee had not even bothered to meet with Sarissa or any of our nominees, and the independent directors had scarcely interacted with any of us before it summarily rejected all Sarissa nominees.  It seems that nominees proposed by the company are taken much more seriously than nominees proposed by shareholders.  HOW COULD CHAIRMAN WILLIAM WALTRIP AND FORMER NOMGOV CHAIRMAN PAUL PEPE REJECT OUR NOMINEES WITHOUT EVEN MEETING US? 
     
Innoviva's process to add its own directors was itself terribly flawed.  The search firm that found these candidates was engaged by the company instead of the NomGov committee members – William Waltrip, Paul Pepe and James Tyree.  This search firm reviewed candidates with the company instead of the NomGov committee, and on that basis, narrowed the choices for the board.  The CEO, instead of members of the NomGov committee, reached out to Patrick LePore (who would later be added to the compensation committee) about potential appointment to the board at the subsequent board meeting.  Bear in mind that Innoviva has previously publicly disclosed that, despite adding five new directors in the past three years, the NomGov committee had only one meeting.  Of course, after we pointed out this complete disregard for good corporate governance, Innoviva "discovered" three NomGov committee meetings.  THESE FACTS REINFORCE OUR CONCERNS ABOUT A POORLY FUNCTIONING NOMGOV COMMITTEE AND A COMPANY DOMINATED BY ITS CEO.  

Innoviva's practice of "concurrent" independent committee meetings raises several questions.  The NomGov committee recommended directors to the board during "concurrent" board meetings.  Does this mean that during a full board meeting, the NomGov committee took action required to be taken by independent directors only?  WE ASK INNOVIVA -- WAS THE CEO PRESENT DURING THESE "CONCURRENT" MEETINGS?  IF SO, DO YOU THINK THIS IS APPROPRIATE? 
Innoviva continues to withhold documents under our 220 request.  In response to our 220 request under Delaware law, we were able to obtain documents from Innoviva that, while heavily redacted and only partially responsive, reinforced our belief that Innoviva is fraught with bad corporate governance and dominated by its CEO.  Unfortunately, Innoviva continues to prohibit us from freely sharing these documents with our fellow stockholders.  As we do not believe Innoviva has any legitimate basis to withhold these documents, we are seeking court approval to share them with our fellow stockholders.  WE URGE INNOVIVA TO PROVIDE US WITH ALL OF THE INFORMATION WE REQUESTED AND TO ALLOW US TO RELEASE WHAT LIMITED HEAVILY REDACTED MATERIALS WERE PROVIDED. 
Innoviva's criticism of Sarissa's nominees is misguided.  Our nominees have extensive financial, healthcare and pharmaceutical experience, having held senior executive and/or director positions at numerous companies.  Most importantly, our nominees understand that shareholder capital must be optimized for the benefit of shareholders, not management.  We are confident that our nominees will work hard to ensure that Innoviva is no longer run for the benefit of management but for the benefit of shareholders. 
     
George Bickerstaff III and Jules Haimovitz recently oversaw, during their tenure on the board of ARIAD Pharmaceuticals, a stock price increase from $6.65 to $24, or 261%.  This dramatic increase in shareholder value was driven by smart capital allocation decisions and a focus on operational excellence which put the company in a position to be sold for a substantial premium.  WHY DOES INNOVIVA IGNORE THE RECENT SUCCESS OF THESE NOMINEES AND THE VALUE THAT THEY CAN ADD TO THE BOARD? 
Innoviva's continued criticism of Enzon during the board tenures of Alex Denner and Odysseas Kostas is a distortion of the facts.  Enzon's revenue and expenses declined due to the sale of assets and the suspension of clinical development activities after failed clinical trials (failed clinical trials are a common occurrence in biotech).  Enzon was left with royalty revenues that were expected to decline due to royalty expirations and changing dynamics in the hepatitis C market.  Enzon further reduced expenses to conserve capital and maximize value returned to stockholders.  Today, as a public company, Enzon continues to collect royalty revenues, returning capital to stockholders and spending less than $2 million annually, including compensation to management and directors.  We ask that Innoviva stockholders reach out to large stockholders of Enzon.  Sarissa believes that investors will appreciate the difference between a company run for the benefit of shareholders (Enzon) versus one run for the benefit of management (Innoviva).


INNOVIVA DOES NOT MARKET OR SELL ANY DRUGS.  IT JUST COLLECTS ROYALTIES. SO WHY IS IT SPENDING SO MUCH MONEY ANDWHY IS IT PAYING ITS MANAGEMENT AND DIRECTORS SO MUCH?  IT IS TIME FOR INNOVIVA TO BE OPTIMIZED FOR SHAREHOLDERS.
Time is of the essence. We urge you to VOTE THE GOLD PROXY CARD to help us deliver the necessary change to Innoviva. It is important that you submit your GOLD proxy card AS SOON AS POSSIBLE. Importantly, if you receive a white card from Innoviva, DO NOT return it, just discard it. Returning a white card, even if you withhold on Innoviva's nominees, will not be a vote for the Sarissa nominees, and it would revoke any vote you previously submitted on the GOLD CARD.
PLEASE VOTE NOW by signing, dating and returning the GOLD proxy card.  You may also vote by phone or internet by following the instructions on the GOLD PROXY CARD.  If you have any questions regarding your GOLD proxy card or need assistance in executing your proxy, please contact our proxy solicitor, D.F. King & Co., Inc. by telephone at the following numbers: stockholders call toll−free: (800) 549−6746 and banks and brokerage firms call: (212) 269−5550, or through the internet at www.dfking.com/INVA.
 
CERTAIN INFORMATION CONCERNING THE PARTICIPANTS
ON MARCH 22, 2017, SARISSA CAPITAL MANAGEMENT LP ("SARISSA"), TOGETHER WITH THE OTHER PARTICIPANTS IN SARISSA'S PROXY SOLICITATION (THE "PARTICIPANTS"), FILED A DEFINITIVE PROXY STATEMENT AND ACCOMPANYING GOLD PROXY CARD WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION (THE "SEC") to be used to solicit proxies in connection with the 2017 annual meeting of shareholders OF INNOVIVA, INC. (THE "COMPANY"). STOCKHOLDERS ARE URGED TO READ THE DEFINITIVE PROXY STATEMENT AND OTHER DOCUMENTS RELATED TO THE SOLICITATION OF PROXIES FROM THE STOCKHOLDERS OF THE COMPANY BECAUSE THEY CONTAIN IMPORTANT INFORMATION, INCLUDING INFORMATION RELATING TO THE PARTICIPANTS. THE DEFINITIVE PROXY STATEMENT AND A FORM OF PROXY IS AVAILABLE TO STOCKHOLDERS OF THE COMPANY AT NO CHARGE AT THE SEC'S WEBSITE AT WWW.SEC.GOV.  THE DEFINITIVE PROXY STATEMENT AND A FORM OF PROXY IS ALSO AVAILABLE BY CONTACTING SARISSA'S PROXY SOLICITOR, D.F. KING & CO., INC., BY TELEPHONE AT THE FOLLOWING NUMBERS: STOCKHOLDERS CALL TOLL−FREE: (800) 549−6746 AND BANKS AND BROKERAGE FIRMS CALL: (212) 269−5550, OR THROUGH THE INTERNET AT WWW.DFKING.COM/INVA
 
To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/sarissa-capital-believes-that-innovivas-recent-statements-reinforce-that-innoviva-is-being-run-for-the-benefit-of-management-and-not-shareholders-300434176.html
SOURCE Sarissa Capital Management LP



 












Apr 06, 2017, 13:35 ET
Preview: Glass Lewis Supports Sarissa Capital's Nominees For Innoviva Board













Mar 29, 2017, 15:13 ET
Preview: Sarissa Capital Responds To Innoviva's Many Misstatements






My News


  Release contains wide tables.	  View fullscreen.






 Also from this source




 

Apr 26, 2017, 06:59 ET
                                  				                                                                                     
                              Sarissa Asks Innoviva Directors To Explain Continued Director...








 

Apr 21, 2017, 06:59 ET
                                  				                                                                                     
                              Overwhelming Majority Of Non-GSK Shareholders Support Sarissa...





 Explore
 More news releases in similar topics

  Banking & Financial Services








 You just read:
Sarissa Capital Believes That Innoviva's Recent Statements Reinforce That Innoviva Is Being Run for the Benefit of Management and Not Shareholders


 News provided by
Sarissa Capital Management LP  
Apr 04, 2017, 08:37 ET








 Share this article









































 











Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire?
Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform.
Sign up to get started
Request more information
Have an account? Log In

















Search











Searching for your content...









Advanced Search












































 





SARISSA CAPITAL MANAGEMENT LP Top Holdings  

































WhaleWisdom









Search All
Search 13F Filers Only
Search SEC Filer
Search Stocks Only
Search Mgmt Inv. Cos Only
ETFs Only
Search Active




















                      SARISSA CAPITAL MANAGEMENT LP
                    

HTTP://WWW.SARISSACAP.COM
•   GREENWICH, CT
                          • Investment Advisor
                          • Hedge Fund
                          • Activist Investor
                      
How do I update this listing?




                                             Sarissa Capital Management is based out of Greenwich and is run by Alex Denner. Sarissa Capital Management is a hedge fund  with  1-10 clients and discretionary assets under management (AUM) of $569,404,522 (Form ADV from 2017-02-24).  Their last reported 13F filing for Q1 2017 included $253,055,000 in managed 13F securities
    and a top 10 holdings concentration of 99.76%. Sarissa Capital Management's largest holding is Medicines Company (The) with shares held of 1,752,000.  Sarissa Capital Management has met the qualifications for inclusion in our WhaleScore system.    WhaleWisdom has at least 14 13Fs and  29 13D/G filings in our database for Sarissa Capital Management. 
                                           






Equal-WTWhaleScore
?


66
S&P 500WhaleScore
?



Manager WeightedWhaleScore
?















Summary
13F Holdings
Ind. Managers
Inv. Advisor Info
13D/G
Insider (Form 4)
 WhaleScore History



                Download 13F Summary to Excel
              


                    Download 13F Summary to Excel
                  


   Create Email Alert
 




×
Email Notification.







                   ***Log In or
                   Sign-up
                   to see more advanced email alert options such as selecting any type of
                   SEC form, multiple filers or classes of filers, and much more.***
                 

                    ...or to simply have an email sent to you whenever we receive a new
                           13F filing from SARISSA CAPITAL MANAGEMENT LP, enter your
                    email address below and choose 'Submit'.
                

Your email:








Cancel















03/31/2017
Top Buys




Name% Change


INVA
        
        INNOVIVA INC COM ST...
9.951%



BIVV
        
        Bioverativ Inc
3.336%








03/31/2017
Top Sells





Name% Change


ARIA
         
         Ariad Pharmaceutica...
44.027%


AVEO
         
         AVEO Pharmaceutical...
0.016%







03/31/2017
13F Holdings Summary




Stock% Port


MDCO
                                                  
                                                  Medicines Company (The)
33.8551%


BIIB
                                                  
                                                  BIOGEN INC
33.4947%


INVA
                                                  
                                                  INNOVIVA INC COM STK (DE)
18.7181%


NVLN
                                                  
                                                  Novelion Therapeutics Inc.
4.35%


BIVV
                                                  
                                                  Bioverativ Inc
3.3356%

See All Holdings






03/31/2017
13F Activity




Market Value
                        $253.055 Million

                        Prior Market Value
                        $363.082 Million
New Purchases1 stock
Additional Purchases1 stock
Sold out of1 stock
Reduced holdings in2 stocks
Top 10 Holdings %99.76%
Turnover %
                        [1]:18.18%
Turnover Alt %
                    [2]:63.77%
Time Held Top20:6.73 quarters
Time Held Top10:2.90 quarters
Time Held All:6.73 quarters

[1]:
                  Turnover is calculated by taking the # of new holdings (initial purchases) + the # of positions sold out of (not just reduced) divided by the total # of holdings for the quarter.
                
[2]:
                  Alt Turnover is calculated by taking either the total MV of new purchases or
                   the MV of securities sold, whichever is less,
                   divided by the total MV of the fund.
                






03/31/2017
13F Sector Allocation Over Time











Fund Metrics

You are limited to the prior 8 quarters of 13F filings.
            Subscribe to WhaleWisdom to view all filing data
            for SARISSA CAPITAL MANAGEMENT LP






Portfolio Performance
                    Top 20 equal-weighted holdings. Last updated
                      on 2017-06-29 



Performance
                      for Q1 2017:
                    
-7.97%


Performance Last 4 Quarters:
11.18%





Performance Metrics




Stdev (5-yrs):
Subscription required
BETA (5-yrs):
Subscription required
ALPHA (3-yrs):
Subscription required


Max Drawdown (all-years):
Subscription required
Annualized Perf (3-yrs):

                          Subscription required
                        
Batting Avg vs S&P. (3-yrs):
Subscription required


Sortino (3-yrs):
Subscription required
Stutzer (3-yrs):
Subscription required
Treynor (3-yrs):
Subscription required


Sterling (3-yrs):
Subscription required
Calmar (3-yrs):
Subscription required
Information Ratio (3-yrs):
Subscription required


Tracking Error (3 yrs):

                          Subscription required
                        
Stdev Down (3-yrs):
Subscription required
Winning Months %:
Subscription required


Losing Months %:
Subscription required
Best 12 Months:
Subscription required
Worst 12 Months:

                          Subscription required
                        


Efficiency Ratio (3-yrs):

                          Subscription required
                        
Sharpe:
Subscription required
Stdev Sectors:
Subscription required


Skewness (3-yrs):
Subscription required
Kurtosis (3-yrs):
Subscription required
Upside Potential (3-yrs):
Subscription required





















Backtester

Use WhaleWisdom's Backtester tool to test how a hypothetical portfolio would have performed with different
        investment strategies. Research one or more filers' performance and then optimize their portfolios to match your
        own investment goals.
Start with one of our predefined groups or create your own.
        View the
        Backtesting Whitepaper
        and the Getting Started page for
        additional help.
      



Take a Tour

           Save Changes to Tracked Backtest
Saving......

GENERATE
      REPORT
At least
      one fund must be selected before running a backtest
    
{{InvalidConfiguration()}}


    {{ErrorMessage}}
  

    "Top # Holding(s) by Dollar Value from each fund's holdings"
    and
    "Top # Holding(s) by Percent Ownership from each fund's holdings"
    are not available when using WhaleScore Filers.
  


Backtester

Use WhaleWisdom's Backtester tool to test how a hypothetical portfolio would have performed with different
        investment strategies. Research one or more filers' performance and then optimize their portfolios to match your
        own investment goals.
View the
        Backtesting Whitepaper
        and the Getting Started page for
        additional help.



GENERATE
      REPORT


    {{ErrorMessage}}
  

    "Top # Holding(s) by Dollar Value from each fund's holdings"
    and
    "Top # Holding(s) by Percent Ownership from each fund's holdings"
    are not available when using WhaleScore Filers.
  




Filers Selected: {{groupinfo.group.description}} - {{groupinfo.group.filers.length}}
      (click to edit)


      {{criteria.whalescore.description}}
      (click to edit)


      Filers being chosen based on prior performance
    
Get started by using: 

WhaleWisdom Fund Groups
WhaleScore Filers

One of your custom groups
Choose Filers by Performance
Log in to use your saved groups
Create new custom group



WhaleWisdom Fund Groups


{{g.filers.length}}

{{g.description}}





Use Heat Map Stocks







{{g.filers.length}}

{{g.description}}






< Back

Select WhaleScore Filers:
WhaleScore filers are chosen based on scores calculated the previous quarter.


Pro Sub. Required

{{o.description}}






< Back

Select Filers by Prior Performance
Filers are selected each quarter based on their prior performance. You can restrict which
      filers are included by using the filters below.



          Pro subscription required to select filers by performance
        


How do you want funds chosen?




Maximum Filers to use each quarter

            

(your subscription allows up to {{Limit}} filers):
Maximum number of filers
              to use exceeed
Maximum filers must set to
              at least 1




Quarterly turnover %






% top 10 concentration






 # of Holdings in 13F
              Portfolio
from:
            
            to
            
{{criteria.filer_performance.holdings_from_to[0]}} - {{criteria.filer_performance.holdings_from_to[1]}}


 Market Cap of Fund's 13F
              Portfolio
from:
            
            to
            

                                                      {{format_number(criteria.filer_performance.mc_from_to[0])}} - {{format_number(criteria.filer_performance.mc_from_to[1])}}
                                                    


 Avg. Time Held Top 10 (quarterly)
from:
            
            to
            

                                                                {{criteria.filer_performance.time_held_top10_from_to[0]}} quarters - {{criteria.filer_performance.time_held_top10_from_to[1]}} quarters
                                                              





Matching filers from latest quarter:
{{FilerPerformanceMatches}}






< Back
{{groupinfo.group.filers.length}}




Backtest options
Optional Stock Filters
Optional Hedging/Advanced



< Back


How do you want stocks selected when rebalancing?  


{{s.description}}
          


5
10
20
30
40
50


 (Pro sub. required)



        "Top # Holding(s) by Dollar Value from each fund's holdings"
        and
        "Top # Holding(s) by Percent Ownership from each fund's holdings"
        are not available when using WhaleScore Filers.
      


(optional) Minimum # of funds holding stock

(optional) Minimum percent of portfolio for each fund


Custom Weight Per Fund (scale of 1 through 10)


{{filer.name}}





Reset Weight



Specify the number of holdings to use



          {{s.description}}
        

          ** Holdings greater than 20 require a Pro level subscription to use. **
        




How do you want available funds allocated among stocks?  








< Back



Restrict Stocks Selected by Stock Market Cap Size?


 {{cap.name}}
                              




Stock Exclusions
Do not include stocks whose price exceeds:

Do not include stocks whose price is less:

Do not include any of the following tickers:
                                                          (comma separated)






ETF Filter
 ETF Holdings Only

 Exclude ETFs


ADR Filter *Pro Only*
 Foreign ADR Only

 Exclude ADRs





Limit Stock Selection to Certain Sectors or Industries? Restrict stocks to those in the selected sector or industry







< Back




Hedging Strategies

Simple Short Exposure. This strategy effectively shorts the S&P 500 by
        buying shares in the S&P 500 Short ETF.
        Simple Hedging will assume that 100%
        of the backtest's invested principal is always in the backtest's long positions.

        For example, if you choose a 25% hedging rate, then for a $10,000 portfolio,
        you will be long $10,000 and have a $2,500 short on the S&P 500.
        The short position will adjust each rebalancing period to match 25% of the total portfolio.
        Any gains/losses from the short are added to the overall available capital for the long positions in the
        portfolio.
      

Moving Average Hedge.  With this strategy, your portfolio will be hedged
        by shorting the S&P 500 whenever your long portfolio's performance drops below the monthly moving average.
        So if you set a 25% hedge, 25% of your long portfolio will be sold and the funds reallocated to the short
        whenever the hedge is in effect.
        Once your long portfolio performance goes back over the moving average, the short hedge will be removed
        and the funds from the short will be reallocated to your long positions.
      

        When hedging strategies are being used, backtests can only go back as far as 2006.  This is the date
        the S&P 500 Short ETF first appeared.
      

        Pro subscription required to use hedging strategies
      
Hedging Strategy:

      

No Hedging

          Short-Exposure Hedge
        

          Moving Average Hedge
        

Moving Average Months:


Moving Average Target:
                   

Your backtested portfolio
S&P 500 TR Index
Russell 2K TR Index

the moving average that will determine when hedging is on or off

Hedging %:
      

25%
50%
75%
100%



Stock Sell Buffer

      You can optionally include a stock sell buffer in your backtesting model.
      It works by keeping a stock in your portfolio even when it would otherwise drop out
      during rebalancing as long as it remains within your sell buffer threshold.
      For example, you are backtesting with the top 20 stocks each quarter and set a sell buffer of 50.
      In the first quarter, AAPL is one of the top 20 stocks and is included in the portfolio.
      In quarter 2, AAPL drops down to number 25. Without the sell buffer, AAPL would drop out
      for that quarter, but since it is still within the sell buffer threshold of 50,
      it will remain in the portfolio.
      Your portfolio size remains the same. The stocks that would have fallen out stay in and the
      stocks that would otherwise have been added stay out. Using the sell buffer may
      help produce a lower turnover rate.
    

      Sell Buffer Size (must be greater than # of holdings in portfolio to work):
      
No sell buffer
10
25
35
50
100




Rebalancing Frequency

      By default backtester rebalances quarterly using new 13F filing data. You can
      adjust the rebalancing frequency using the dropdown below. Reasons for
      changing the frequency include lower turnover and possible tax advantages
      by keeping stocks at least one year before selling.
    


        Do not rebalance after each quarter

or rebalance:
        
Every quarter (default)
 Every other quarter
 Once a year




How many days after the end-of-quarter date before doing the backtest? (0 - 60) 

DAYS





      Or use day whenever the filing was submitted to the SEC
      (or the last filing when using a group of funds):
Starting Quarter

      By default backtester will test your strategy using all available dates going back to 2001 (for subscribers only).
      You can optionally adjust when the backtest actually starts.
    
Starting Quarter:
      
All Available Dates


  Ending Quarter:
      
All Available Dates






GENERATE
      REPORT





Backtest Results:



Download Backtest Data to Excel
Downloading.  Please wait.....


Start Tracking This Backtest
Saving......


                                    Stop tracking this backtest
                                  
Log in to start tracking this backtest



No report has been run






                                {{s.description}}
                              

Configure Moving Averages


As of 2017-07-27








Want to backtest using all available 13F history?
      As a non-subscriber you are limited to the past two years of filing data.
        Subscribe now and backtest using 13F holdings data as
        far back as 2001.
      








 
YTD
1Y
2Y
3Y
5Y
7Y
10Y
Total Return
Annualized
Std Dev
Sortino



Whale(s)
Unhedged Portfolio

{{starting_record.yearly_entries[starting_record.yearly_entries.length-1][3]*100|number}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(starting_record,1)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(starting_record,2)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(starting_record,3)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(starting_record,5)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(starting_record,7)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(starting_record,10)| number:2}}%
{{starting_record.performance*100|number}}%
{{starting_record.annualized_performance*100|number}}%
{{starting_record.standard_deviation*100.0|number}}%
{{starting_record.sortino|number}}


Hedged Portfolio
{{hedged_matrix.yearly_entries[hedged_matrix.yearly_entries.length-1][3]*100|number}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(hedged_matrix,1)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(hedged_matrix,2)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(hedged_matrix,3)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(hedged_matrix,5)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(hedged_matrix,7)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(hedged_matrix,10)| number:2}}%
{{hedged_matrix.performance*100|number}}%
{{hedged_matrix.annualized_performance*100|number}}%
{{hedged_matrix.standard_deviation*100.0|number}}%
{{hedged_matrix.sortino|number}}


{{chart.comparison_index.description}}
{{chart.comparison_index.yearly_entries[chart.comparison_index.yearly_entries.length-1][3]*100|number}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(chart.comparison_index,1)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(chart.comparison_index,2)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(chart.comparison_index,3)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(chart.comparison_index,5)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(chart.comparison_index,7)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(chart.comparison_index,10)| number:2}}%
{{chart.comparison_index.performance*100|number}}%
{{chart.comparison_index.annualized_performance*100|number}}%
{{chart.comparison_index.standard_deviation*100.0|number}}%
{{chart.comparison_index.sortino|number}}









                          Current Holdings Rebalanced on {{results.ending_period.start_date}}
                          Click the "Download Backtest Data to Excel" link above to see all stock activity


                          Stock prices used are the "total returns" stock price and will include
                          dividends, spinoffs, splits, and other adjustments.  Because of this, stock
                          prices shown here will likely not
                          match a stock's actual closing stock price on the same date.
                        





Stock Name
% of Portfolio
Avg Price Per Share(total returns price)
Total Returnas of 2017-07-27
Original Purchase Date



            								                  {{transaction.ticker}}
            								               {{transaction.stock_name}}

Sold All
{{transaction.percent_of_portfolio*100.0|number:2}}

{{transaction.avg_price|currency}}


                                ${{starting_record.hedging_gain|number:2}}
                              

                                {{GetTransactionTotalReturn(transaction)|number:2}}%
                                                            

{{transaction.original_purchase_date}}


{{results.ending_period.hedge.stock_name}}

{{transaction.avg_price|currency}}

                              {{GetTransactionTotalReturn(results.ending_period.hedge)|number:2}}%
                            

                              {{results.ending_period.hedge.original_purchase_date}}
                            


*** Currently using {{ending_hedged_transaction.stock_name}} ***

{{ending_hedged_transaction.avg_price|currency}}

                                                        {{GetTransactionTotalReturn(ending_hedged_transaction)|number:2}}%
                                                      

                                                        {{ending_hedged_transaction.original_purchase_date}}
                                                      









Ending Sector Allocation

















































Quarter to view:

Current Combined 13F/13D/G
Q1 2017 13F Filings 
Q4 2016 13F Filings 
Q3 2016 13F Filings 
Q2 2016 13F Filings 
Q1 2016 13F Filings 
Q4 2015 13F Filings 
Q3 2015 13F Filings 
Q2 2015 13F Filings 
Q1 2015 13F Filings subscription required
Q4 2014 13F Filings subscription required
Q3 2014 13F Filings subscription required
Q2 2014 13F Filings subscription required
Q1 2014 13F Filings subscription required
Q4 2013 13F Filings subscription required



                      Refresh
                    
 Advanced Export
Download CSV
Download Excel (.xlsx)
Download TSV







                               Click to See Additional Filters
                              



Security Types:




                  Shares


                  Calls


                  Puts


                  Principal

Changes in Holdings:

 New Position
Added to Position
Reduced Position
Closed Out Position
No Change



Ranking is in the top:



Minimum # of shares:



Stock ticker: 



Is ETF?
YesNo



                                      Refresh
                                    








Edit Columns


*Shares are split adjusted
		






×
Report an error






Your name (optional):


Your email (optional):


Error to report or any other comments(required):













                









Cancel





 Click here to report any possible errors with this listing.





13F Filings Available:



                            2017-03-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2016-12-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2016-09-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2016-06-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2016-03-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2015-12-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2015-09-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2015-06-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2015-03-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2014-12-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2014-09-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2014-06-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2014-03-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2013-12-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          






×
CSV Export Module



      This will schedule a job to export all requested 13f holdings data for this filer.
      When completed, an email will be sent to the email address you specify
      containing a link to download the .zip file of the CSV file(s) you requested.
    



Output Type


             Output all 13f holdings into a single CSV file
             

              Output all 13f holdings into separate CSV files per quarter
              



Columns to include


Filer Name
Stock Name
Stock Ticker
Quarter Date
Type of Security
Current Shares Held
Current Market Value
Previous Shares Held
Previous Market Value
Current % of Portfolio
Previous % of Portfolio
Current Rank
Previous Rank
Change in Shares
Type of Change
Sector




13F Quarters to include


2017-03-31
2016-12-31
2016-09-30
2016-06-30
2016-03-31
2015-12-31
2015-09-30
2015-06-30




Email Address to send data to








Cancel
Schedule Export







View Last Form Adv Compilation Report on Record

SARISSA CAPITAL MANAGEMENT LP

Classified as Hedge Fund

660 STEAMBOAT ROAD
3RD FLOOR

GREENWICH
CT
            
        06830
Country: United States


          Business Phone:
          203-302-2330
Fax:
              203-930-1560


Professional Investment Advisor Data

SEC Registration as :

Large Advisory Firm
      


Form of Organization:
Limited Partnership 


Organized in:
DE


Number of employees:
7


Other Business Activities:
commodity pool operator or commodity trading advisor 


Advisor Fees/Compensation:
Percentage of assets under management,Performance-based fees



        Amount of client funds and securities:
      
0



            Total Number of Clients:
          
1



            Amount of client funds and securities by related persons:
          
569,405,000



                Total Number of clients from related persons:
              
2


Disclosures:




HTTP://WWW.SARISSACAP.COM


    Data above was derived from SEC filings.
  



Schedule 13D and 13G events since 03/31/2017

Subscription required



 
Form 4 - Non-derivative Insider Transactions Since 03/31/2017
Loading...




WhaleScore history for SARISSA CAPITAL MANAGEMENT LP
You must have a subscription to view WhaleScore histories








Elevate your investments
Try it for free

























 







Chancery Sends Innoviva Board Fight With Sarissa To Trial - Law360
































Search




Advanced Search

Take a Free Trial | 
					Sign In






















 Close


Law360 In-Depth
Law360 UK
Adv. Search & Platform Tools
Browse all sections 
Banking
Bankruptcy
Class Action
Competition
Employment
Energy
Expert Analysis
Insurance
Intellectual Property
Product Liability
Securities
Rankings
Law360's MVPs
Glass Ceiling Report
Global 20
Law360 400
Diversity Snapshot
Practice Group Partner Rankings
Practice Groups of the Year
Pro Bono Firms of the Year
Rising Stars
Trial Aces
Site Menu
Join the Law360 team
Search legal jobs
Learn more about Law360
Read testimonials
Contact Law360
Sign up for our newsletters
Site Map
Help










Make sure you don't miss any Law360 breaking news.
Download our plug-in for Chrome to get customizable, real-time news alerts 





Chancery Sends Innoviva Board Fight With Sarissa To Trial



        By Matt Chiappardi



					Law360, Wilmington (June 14, 2017,  9:00 PM EDT) -- A Delaware Chancery judge ruled Wednesday that the dispute over biotech licensing firm Innoviva Inc.'s board makeup and whether activist hedge fund Sarissa Capital Management LP can have two director seats should go to trial after finding that there were too many disputed facts in the case.Ruling from the bench in a teleconference, Vice Chancellor Joseph R. Slights III said that material disputes over the underlying facts of the case don't allow him to make any ruling on summary judgment, setting up the matter for...
				
To view the full article, register now.



Try Law360 FREE for seven days
Already a subscriber? Click here to login










 Add to Briefcase

 Printable Version
 Rights/Reprints
 Editorial Contacts

Related
Sections



Asset Management



Delaware



Life Sciences



Securities


Law Firms

 Ashby & Geddes
 Skadden
 Willkie Farr

Government Agencies

 Delaware Court of Chancery







			Check out Law360's new podcast, Pro Say, which offers a weekly recap of both the biggest stories and hidden gems from the world of law.
		

Listen To Our Latest



Most Popular


1
NY High Court Judge's Death Ruled A Suicide


2
Linklaters Atty Denies Link To Husband's Alleged Fraud


3
How To Manage Health Care Costs And Keep Lawyers Happy


4
Halliburton To Pay $29.2M Over Angolan FCPA Violations


5
J&J Hid Talc Cancer Risk To Save Image, Calif. Jury Told















×
Already have access? Click here to login



Get instant access to the one-stop news source for business lawyers
Register Now!




Get instant access to the one-stop news source for business lawyers













Email (Professional email required)






First Name



Last Name







PLEASE NOTE: A verification email will be sent to your address before you can access your trial.


Password (at least 6 characters required)



Confirm Password







Select at least one primary interest:


 Asset Management
											

 Delaware
											

 Life Sciences
											

 Securities
											

 Show all interests


 Aerospace & Defense
													

 Appellate
													

 Automotive
													

 Banking
													

 Bankruptcy
													

 California
													

 Capital Markets
													

 Class Action
													

 Commercial Contracts
													

 Competition
													

 Consumer Protection
													

 Corporate
													

 Cybersecurity & Privacy
													

 Employment
													

 Energy
													

 Environmental
													

 Financial Services Uk
													

 Florida
													

 Food & Beverage
													

 Government Contracts
													

 Health
													

 Hospitality
													

 Illinois
													

 Immigration
													

 Insurance
													

 Insurance Uk
													

 Intellectual Property
													

 International Arbitration
													

 International Trade
													

 Law360 In Depth
													

 Legal Ethics
													

 Media & Entertainment
													

 Medical Malpractice
													

 Mergers & Acquisitions
													

 Native American
													

 New Jersey
													

 New York
													

 Pennsylvania
													

 Private Equity
													

 Product Liability
													

 Project Finance
													

 Public Policy
													

 Real Estate
													

 Retail & E Commerce
													

 Sports
													

 Tax
													

 Technology
													

 Telecommunications
													

 Texas
													

 Transportation
													

 Trials
													

 White Collar
													







Register




Already have access?




Email:



Password:

Forgot your password?


Remember login



Sign In
















×
Sign up for our free Asset Management newsletter






You must correct or enter the following before you can sign up:




Please provide a professional email:



 Select more newsletters to receive for free




 Aerospace & Defense
												



 Appellate
												



 Asset Management
												



 Automotive
												



 Banking
												



 Bankruptcy
												



 California
												



 Capital Markets
												



 Class Action
												



 Commercial Contracts
												



 Competition
												



 Consumer Protection
												



 Corporate
												



 Cybersecurity & Privacy
												



 Delaware
												



 Employment
												



 Energy
												



 Environmental
												



 Florida
												



 Food & Beverage
												



 Government Contracts
												



 Health
												



 Hospitality
												



 Illinois
												



 Immigration
												



 Insurance
												



 Intellectual Property
												



 International Arbitration
												





 International Trade
												



 Law360 In-Depth
												



 Legal Ethics
												



 Legal Industry
												



 Life Sciences
												



 Media & Entertainment
												



 Medical Malpractice
												



 Mergers & Acquisitions
												



 Native American
												



 New Jersey
												



 New York
												



 Pennsylvania
												



 Private Equity
												



 Product Liability
												



 Project Finance
												



 Public Policy
												



 Real Estate
												



 Retail & E-Commerce
												



 Securities
												



 Sports
												



 Tax
												



 Technology
												



 Telecommunications
												



 Texas
												



 Transportation
												



 Trials
												



 White Collar
												




No Thanks
Sign up now





Thank You!













﻿







Sarissa Capital Management Lp – Octafinance


















































 








Friday, 28 July 2017

























 

Menu



Featured News


						2 years ago - Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Tests Its Ad Technology On Billboards To Cushion Itself Against Ad Blocks


						2 years ago - China Margin Debt Hits 8-Week High, Japan Pumps’n’Dumps As Kyle Bass Fears Looming EM Banking Crisis


						2 years ago - Marc Faber Shares His Insight in One Hour Exclusive Interview. He Covers All From Commodities and China to Inflation, The Euro and Gold


						2 years ago - Carl Icahn Criticizes the Fed. Feels Bad For Investors Buying Junk Bonds


						2 years ago - John Burbank: European QE Can’t Save The Markets Same As the U.S. Quantitative Easing. Everything Will Be Liquidated









Home » Hedge Funds » Sarissa Capital Management Lp 

Sarissa Capital Management Lp 

Share with your friendsYour NameYour EmailRecipient EmailEnter a MessageI read this article and found it very interesting, thought it might be interesting for you. The article is called Sarissa Capital Management Lp and is was published by Octafinance.com at http://www.octafinance.com/hedge-funds/sarissa-capital-management-lp/.CaptchaSubmit






Portfolio Q32016Market Value:$434,231,000Previous Mkt Value:$352,312,000Chg Mkt Value %:23.25 % Sentiment:BullishTurnover %:0.00 %




Stocks ActivityNew Purchases:1Additional Purchases:0Sold out:2Reduced:5Top 10 Holdings %:97.48%






Alex Denner – Sarissa Capital Management Lp Portfolio Holdings
13F Report Date: 9/30/2016



RANKTICKER / SECURITYTICKERVALUE (X1000)SHARES% PORT% PREV% AUM% CHGCHG 
SHARESCHGSECTOR NAMESECTOR WEIGHT 



RANKTICKER / SECURITYTICKERVALUE (X1000)SHARES% PORT% PREV% AUM% CHGCHG 
SHARESCHGSECTOR NAMESECTOR WEIGHT 




                    1		

                    ARIA - ARIAD PHARMACEUTICALS INC		

                    ARIA		

                    175,916		

                    12,850,000		

                    40.51		

                    26.95		

                    29.53		

                    0.00		

                    0		

                    No Chg		

                    HEALTH CARE		

                    0.97		



                    2		

                    BIIB - BIOGEN INC		

                    BIIB		

                    97,039		

                    310,000		

                    22.35		

                    21.28		

                    16.29		

                    0.00		

                    0		

                    No Chg		







                    3		

                    MDCO - MEDICINES CO		

                    MDCO		

                    66,120		

                    1,752,000		

                    15.23		

                    16.72		

                    11.10		

                    0.00		

                    0		

                    No Chg		







                    4		

                    ARRY - ARRAY BIOPHARMA INC		

                    ARRY		

                    29,025		

                    4,300,000		

                    6.68		

                    4.35		

                    4.87		

                    0.00		

                    0		

                    No Chg		







                    5		

                    PCRX - PACIRA PHARMACEUTICALS INC		

                    PCRX		

                    14,714		

                    430,000		

                    3.39		

                    6.25		

                    2.47		

                    -34.15		

                    -223,000		

                    Down		







                    6		

                    INNOVIVA INC		



                    10,990		

                    1,000,000		

                    2.53		

                    0.00		

                    1.84		



                    1,000,000		

                    New		







                    7		

                    ITCI - INTRA CELLULAR THERAPIES INC		

                    ITCI		

                    10,286		

                    675,000		

                    2.37		

                    7.44		

                    1.73		

                    0.00		

                    0		

                    No Chg		







                    8		

                    AEGR - AEGERION PHARMACEUTICALS INC		

                    AEGR		

                    7,867		

                    2,649,000		

                    1.81		

                    1.12		

                    1.32		

                    0.00		

                    0		

                    No Chg		







                    9		

                    ADXS - ADVAXIS INC		

                    ADXS		

                    6,413		

                    600,000		

                    1.48		

                    1.38		

                    1.08		

                    0.00		

                    0		

                    No Chg		







                    10		

                    APRI - APRICUS BIOSCIENCES INC		

                    APRI		

                    4,898		

                    14,479,052		

                    1.13		

                    1.64		

                    0.82		

                    0.00		

                    0		

                    No Chg		







                    11		

                    DGX - QUEST DIAGNOSTICS INC		

                    DGX		

                    4,231		

                    50,000		

                    0.97		

                    3.67		

                    0.71		

                    -68.55		

                    -109,000		

                    Down		







                    12		

                    VVUS - VIVUS INC		

                    VVUS		

                    2,934		

                    2,573,943		

                    0.68		

                    0.82		

                    0.49		

                    0.00		

                    0		

                    No Chg		







                    13		

                    ABBV - ABBVIE INC.		

                    ABBV		

                    2,018		

                    32,000		

                    0.46		

                    0.88		

                    0.34		

                    -36.00		

                    -18,000		

                    Down		







                    14		

                    AVEO - AVEO PHARMACEUTICALS INC		

                    AVEO		

                    1,780		

                    2,000,000		

                    0.41		

                    0.55		

                    0.30		

                    0.00		

                    0		

                    No Chg		







                    15		

                    PRGO - PERRIGO CO PLC		

                    PRGO		

                    0		

                    0		

                    0.00		

                    2.57		

                    0.00		

                    -100.00		

                    -100,000		

                    Sold All		







                    16		

                    RPTP - RAPTOR PHARMACEUTICAL CORP		

                    RPTP		

                    0		

                    0		

                    0.00		

                    4.38		

                    0.00		

                    -100.00		

                    -2,875,000		

                    Sold All		










SARISSA CAPITAL MANAGEMENT Sector Weightings & New Holdings






Top 5 New BuysInnoviva Inc2.53%----




13F Sector AllocationHealth Care97 %----






SARISSA CAPITAL MANAGEMENT AUM, Portfolio Value and Historical 13F
Alex Denner’s Sarissa Capital Management Lp had $595.73 million assets under management as of Friday, April 04, 2014. The historical portfolio values of the hedge fund were: 
$267,017,000 in 2013Q4 – 13F Filing Available
$290,423,000 in 2014Q1 – 13F Filing Available
$294,075,000 in 2014Q2 – 13F Filing Available
$258,936,000 in 2014Q3 – 13F Filing Available
$282,531,000 in 2014Q4 – 13F Filing Available
$474,075,000 in 2015Q1 – 13F Filing Available
$434,562,000 in 2015Q2 – 13F Filing Available
$404,891,000 in 2015Q3 – 13F Filing Available
$514,358,000 in 2015Q4 – 13F Filing Available
$453,821,000 in 2016Q1 – 13F Filing Available
$352,312,000 in 2016Q2 – 13F Filing Available
$434,231,000 in 2016Q3 – 13F Filing Available
*Institutional Portfolio Holdings information is filed by institutions with over $100 million in AUM on form 13F with the SEC.
*% AUM is the stock or security value as a percentage of the assets under management. AUM is taken from the latest fund filed SEC Adv. 
*The portfolio holdings report is limited to stocks and stock options of common and other shares, convertible preferred and convertible bonds. The report does not include cash, real estate and fixed income securities.
*Sentiment could be wrong because the fund might have increase or decrease its portfolio because of investments inflow or because an increase in short positions.


Receive News & Ratings Via Email - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.












 





Free Email Newsletter
    Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for your stocks with our FREE daily email newsletter:







Hedge Fund NewsTop 10 CITADEL ADVISORS 13F Holdings in Q3 2015DF DENT & CO INC Just Released Its Q3 2015 Stock PositionsMAVERICK CAPITAL Top 10 Holdings in Q3 2015Analyzing Ken Griffins CITADEL ADVISORS Stock Holdings in Q3 2015LONE PINE CAPITAL Top 10 13F Positions in Q3 2015Guru NewsFelix Zulauf Sees a Stock Market Correction Coming. This Rally S&P 500 (INDEXSP:.INX) Will Be Short-LivedMarc Faber Shares His Insight in One Hour Exclusive Interview. He Covers All From Commodities and China to Inflation, The Euro and GoldJim Grant: The Next Thing Might Be Helicopter Money. What to Buy and Where He Sees Investment OpportunitiesKyle Bass Bearish on Emerging Markets for at least 2 More Years. Looking to Short CurrenciesDavid Tepper Gets Defensive. Is it Time to Get Out of The Stock Market?


Macro NewsChina Margin Debt Hits 8-Week High, Japan Pumps’n’Dumps As Kyle Bass Fears Looming EM Banking CrisisAre US – Russian Relations A Zero-Sum Game?US and Russia have launched direct talks on the conflict in SyriaYuan Drops as PBOC Cuts Reference Rate by Most Since DevaluationCould the market crash like 1987?—put volume spike argues low is nearCTAs NewsRed Rock Just Published Report About The Trend Following Landscape & How CTAs’ Performance Must Be AnalyzedHow to Implement Dual Momentum for non-US InvestorsDo Commodity Trading Advisors (CTAs) Really Provide Crisis Alpha, Equity Hedge and Are Long Volatility?























﻿







Sarissa Capital Management Lp – Octafinance


















































 








Friday, 28 July 2017

























 

Menu



Featured News


						2 years ago - Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Tests Its Ad Technology On Billboards To Cushion Itself Against Ad Blocks


						2 years ago - China Margin Debt Hits 8-Week High, Japan Pumps’n’Dumps As Kyle Bass Fears Looming EM Banking Crisis


						2 years ago - Marc Faber Shares His Insight in One Hour Exclusive Interview. He Covers All From Commodities and China to Inflation, The Euro and Gold


						2 years ago - Carl Icahn Criticizes the Fed. Feels Bad For Investors Buying Junk Bonds


						2 years ago - John Burbank: European QE Can’t Save The Markets Same As the U.S. Quantitative Easing. Everything Will Be Liquidated









Home » Hedge Funds » Sarissa Capital Management Lp 

Sarissa Capital Management Lp 

Share with your friendsYour NameYour EmailRecipient EmailEnter a MessageI read this article and found it very interesting, thought it might be interesting for you. The article is called Sarissa Capital Management Lp and is was published by Octafinance.com at http://www.octafinance.com/hedge-funds/sarissa-capital-management-lp/.CaptchaSubmit






Portfolio Q32016Market Value:$434,231,000Previous Mkt Value:$352,312,000Chg Mkt Value %:23.25 % Sentiment:BullishTurnover %:0.00 %




Stocks ActivityNew Purchases:1Additional Purchases:0Sold out:2Reduced:5Top 10 Holdings %:97.48%






Alex Denner – Sarissa Capital Management Lp Portfolio Holdings
13F Report Date: 9/30/2016



RANKTICKER / SECURITYTICKERVALUE (X1000)SHARES% PORT% PREV% AUM% CHGCHG 
SHARESCHGSECTOR NAMESECTOR WEIGHT 



RANKTICKER / SECURITYTICKERVALUE (X1000)SHARES% PORT% PREV% AUM% CHGCHG 
SHARESCHGSECTOR NAMESECTOR WEIGHT 




                    1		

                    ARIA - ARIAD PHARMACEUTICALS INC		

                    ARIA		

                    175,916		

                    12,850,000		

                    40.51		

                    26.95		

                    29.53		

                    0.00		

                    0		

                    No Chg		

                    HEALTH CARE		

                    0.97		



                    2		

                    BIIB - BIOGEN INC		

                    BIIB		

                    97,039		

                    310,000		

                    22.35		

                    21.28		

                    16.29		

                    0.00		

                    0		

                    No Chg		







                    3		

                    MDCO - MEDICINES CO		

                    MDCO		

                    66,120		

                    1,752,000		

                    15.23		

                    16.72		

                    11.10		

                    0.00		

                    0		

                    No Chg		







                    4		

                    ARRY - ARRAY BIOPHARMA INC		

                    ARRY		

                    29,025		

                    4,300,000		

                    6.68		

                    4.35		

                    4.87		

                    0.00		

                    0		

                    No Chg		







                    5		

                    PCRX - PACIRA PHARMACEUTICALS INC		

                    PCRX		

                    14,714		

                    430,000		

                    3.39		

                    6.25		

                    2.47		

                    -34.15		

                    -223,000		

                    Down		







                    6		

                    INNOVIVA INC		



                    10,990		

                    1,000,000		

                    2.53		

                    0.00		

                    1.84		



                    1,000,000		

                    New		







                    7		

                    ITCI - INTRA CELLULAR THERAPIES INC		

                    ITCI		

                    10,286		

                    675,000		

                    2.37		

                    7.44		

                    1.73		

                    0.00		

                    0		

                    No Chg		







                    8		

                    AEGR - AEGERION PHARMACEUTICALS INC		

                    AEGR		

                    7,867		

                    2,649,000		

                    1.81		

                    1.12		

                    1.32		

                    0.00		

                    0		

                    No Chg		







                    9		

                    ADXS - ADVAXIS INC		

                    ADXS		

                    6,413		

                    600,000		

                    1.48		

                    1.38		

                    1.08		

                    0.00		

                    0		

                    No Chg		







                    10		

                    APRI - APRICUS BIOSCIENCES INC		

                    APRI		

                    4,898		

                    14,479,052		

                    1.13		

                    1.64		

                    0.82		

                    0.00		

                    0		

                    No Chg		







                    11		

                    DGX - QUEST DIAGNOSTICS INC		

                    DGX		

                    4,231		

                    50,000		

                    0.97		

                    3.67		

                    0.71		

                    -68.55		

                    -109,000		

                    Down		







                    12		

                    VVUS - VIVUS INC		

                    VVUS		

                    2,934		

                    2,573,943		

                    0.68		

                    0.82		

                    0.49		

                    0.00		

                    0		

                    No Chg		







                    13		

                    ABBV - ABBVIE INC.		

                    ABBV		

                    2,018		

                    32,000		

                    0.46		

                    0.88		

                    0.34		

                    -36.00		

                    -18,000		

                    Down		







                    14		

                    AVEO - AVEO PHARMACEUTICALS INC		

                    AVEO		

                    1,780		

                    2,000,000		

                    0.41		

                    0.55		

                    0.30		

                    0.00		

                    0		

                    No Chg		







                    15		

                    PRGO - PERRIGO CO PLC		

                    PRGO		

                    0		

                    0		

                    0.00		

                    2.57		

                    0.00		

                    -100.00		

                    -100,000		

                    Sold All		







                    16		

                    RPTP - RAPTOR PHARMACEUTICAL CORP		

                    RPTP		

                    0		

                    0		

                    0.00		

                    4.38		

                    0.00		

                    -100.00		

                    -2,875,000		

                    Sold All		










SARISSA CAPITAL MANAGEMENT Sector Weightings & New Holdings






Top 5 New BuysInnoviva Inc2.53%----




13F Sector AllocationHealth Care97 %----






SARISSA CAPITAL MANAGEMENT AUM, Portfolio Value and Historical 13F
Alex Denner’s Sarissa Capital Management Lp had $595.73 million assets under management as of Friday, April 04, 2014. The historical portfolio values of the hedge fund were: 
$267,017,000 in 2013Q4 – 13F Filing Available
$290,423,000 in 2014Q1 – 13F Filing Available
$294,075,000 in 2014Q2 – 13F Filing Available
$258,936,000 in 2014Q3 – 13F Filing Available
$282,531,000 in 2014Q4 – 13F Filing Available
$474,075,000 in 2015Q1 – 13F Filing Available
$434,562,000 in 2015Q2 – 13F Filing Available
$404,891,000 in 2015Q3 – 13F Filing Available
$514,358,000 in 2015Q4 – 13F Filing Available
$453,821,000 in 2016Q1 – 13F Filing Available
$352,312,000 in 2016Q2 – 13F Filing Available
$434,231,000 in 2016Q3 – 13F Filing Available
*Institutional Portfolio Holdings information is filed by institutions with over $100 million in AUM on form 13F with the SEC.
*% AUM is the stock or security value as a percentage of the assets under management. AUM is taken from the latest fund filed SEC Adv. 
*The portfolio holdings report is limited to stocks and stock options of common and other shares, convertible preferred and convertible bonds. The report does not include cash, real estate and fixed income securities.
*Sentiment could be wrong because the fund might have increase or decrease its portfolio because of investments inflow or because an increase in short positions.


Receive News & Ratings Via Email - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.












 





Free Email Newsletter
    Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for your stocks with our FREE daily email newsletter:







Hedge Fund NewsTop 10 CITADEL ADVISORS 13F Holdings in Q3 2015DF DENT & CO INC Just Released Its Q3 2015 Stock PositionsMAVERICK CAPITAL Top 10 Holdings in Q3 2015Analyzing Ken Griffins CITADEL ADVISORS Stock Holdings in Q3 2015LONE PINE CAPITAL Top 10 13F Positions in Q3 2015Guru NewsFelix Zulauf Sees a Stock Market Correction Coming. This Rally S&P 500 (INDEXSP:.INX) Will Be Short-LivedMarc Faber Shares His Insight in One Hour Exclusive Interview. He Covers All From Commodities and China to Inflation, The Euro and GoldJim Grant: The Next Thing Might Be Helicopter Money. What to Buy and Where He Sees Investment OpportunitiesKyle Bass Bearish on Emerging Markets for at least 2 More Years. Looking to Short CurrenciesDavid Tepper Gets Defensive. Is it Time to Get Out of The Stock Market?


Macro NewsChina Margin Debt Hits 8-Week High, Japan Pumps’n’Dumps As Kyle Bass Fears Looming EM Banking CrisisAre US – Russian Relations A Zero-Sum Game?US and Russia have launched direct talks on the conflict in SyriaYuan Drops as PBOC Cuts Reference Rate by Most Since DevaluationCould the market crash like 1987?—put volume spike argues low is nearCTAs NewsRed Rock Just Published Report About The Trend Following Landscape & How CTAs’ Performance Must Be AnalyzedHow to Implement Dual Momentum for non-US InvestorsDo Commodity Trading Advisors (CTAs) Really Provide Crisis Alpha, Equity Hedge and Are Long Volatility?























Sarissa Capital Files Presentation In Proxy Contest With Innoviva Highlighting Innoviva's Lack Of Shareholder Focus And Poor Corporate GovernanceHomeMailFlickrTumblrNewsSportsFinanceCelebrityAnswersGroupsMobileMoreTry Yahoo Finance on Firefox »YahooSearchSearchSign inU.S. Markets close in 2 hrs 1 minsS&P 5002,469.90-5.52 (-0.22%)Dow 3021,809.74+13.19 (+0.06%)Nasdaq6,374.59-7.59 (-0.12%)Today's ChartsDon't get blindsided by Tesla's shiny new Model 3Sarissa Capital Files Presentation In Proxy Contest With Innoviva Highlighting Innoviva's Lack Of Shareholder Focus And Poor Corporate GovernancePR NewswireMarch 27, 2017ReblogShareTweetShareGREENWICH, Conn., March 27, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Sarissa Capital Management LP ("Sarissa") announced today that it filed a presentation with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC") in connection with its intent to nominate a minority slate to the Board of Directors of Innoviva, Inc. (INVA) ("Innoviva") at its 2017 annual meeting of stockholders to be held on April 20, 2017 at 8:30 a.m. EDT in Philadelphia, PA.  The presentation is available on the SEC's website at http://www.sec.gov or on the website maintained by D.F. King & Co., Inc. at http://www.dfking.com/INVA.Sarissa's presentation highlights the following:Innoviva claims that cost cutting has limited upside misses the point. Innoviva oversees an extremely large amount of shareholder capital, every dollar of which must be utilized in a manner that enhances shareholder value. Sarissa strongly believes that Innoviva must learn that shareholder capital must be optimized for the benefit of shareholders instead of management.Sarissa is concerned that Innoviva tries to justify its expenditures by comparing itself to far more complex companies, as its "closest peers." Unlike those "closest peers", Innoviva simply collects royalties from two drugs that one partner markets and sells. Is Innoviva trying to mislead us or do they aspire to use shareholder assets to become far more complex?Sarissa believes that Innoviva suffers from extremely poor corporate governance and that Innoviva really does not want constructive dialogue. The CEO has dominated the entire nomination process and Sarissa has still not met with any of the independent directors. In spite of this, the Board already determined to reject all Sarissa nominees.INNOVIVA DOES NOT MARKET OR SELL ANY DRUGS.  IT JUST COLLECTS ROYALTY PAYMENTS.  SO WHY IS IT SPENDING SO MUCH MONEY AND WHY IS MANAGEMENT BEING PAID SO MUCH?  IT IS TIME FOR INNOVIVA TO BE OPTIMIZED FOR SHAREHOLDERS.Time is of the essence. We urge you to VOTE THE GOLD PROXY CARD to help us deliver the necessary change to Innoviva. It is important that you submit your GOLD proxy card AS SOON AS POSSIBLE. Importantly, if you receive a white card from Innoviva, DO NOT return it, just discard it. Returning a white card, even if you withhold on Innoviva's nominees, will not be a vote for the Sarissa nominees, and it would revoke any vote you previously submitted on the GOLD CARD.PLEASE VOTE NOW by signing, dating and returning the GOLD proxy card.  You may also vote by phone or internet by following the instructions on the THE GOLD PROXY CARD.  If you have any questions regarding your GOLD proxy card or need assistance in executing your proxy, please contact our proxy solicitor, D.F. King & Co., Inc. by telephone at the following numbers: stockholders call toll−free: (800) 549−6746 and banks and brokerage firms call: (212) 269−5550, or through the internet at www.dfking.com/INVA.CERTAIN INFORMATION CONCERNING THE PARTICIPANTSON MARCH 22, 2017, SARISSA CAPITAL MANAGEMENT LP ("SARISSA"), TOGETHER WITH THE OTHER PARTICIPANTS IN SARISSA'S PROXY SOLICITATION (THE "PARTICIPANTS"), FILED A DEFINITIVE PROXY STATEMENT AND ACCOMPANYING GOLD PROXY CARD WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION (THE "SEC") to be used to solicit proxies in connection with the 2017 annual meeting of shareholders OF INNOVIVA, INC. (THE "COMPANY"). STOCKHOLDERS ARE URGED TO READ THE DEFINITIVE PROXY STATEMENT AND OTHER DOCUMENTS RELATED TO THE SOLICITATION OF PROXIES FROM THE STOCKHOLDERS OF THE COMPANY BECAUSE THEY CONTAIN IMPORTANT INFORMATION, INCLUDING INFORMATION RELATING TO THE PARTICIPANTS. THE DEFINITIVE PROXY STATEMENT AND A FORM OF PROXY IS AVAILABLE TO STOCKHOLDERS OF THE COMPANY AT NO CHARGE AT THE SEC'S WEBSITE AT WWW.SEC.GOV.  THE DEFINITIVE PROXY STATEMENT AND A FORM OF PROXY IS ALSO AVAILABLE BY CONTACTING SARISSA'S PROXY SOLICITOR, D.F. KING & CO., INC., BY TELEPHONE AT THE FOLLOWING NUMBERS: STOCKHOLDERS CALL TOLL−FREE: (800) 549−6746 AND BANKS AND BROKERAGE FIRMS CALL: (212) 269−5550, OR THROUGH THE INTERNET AT WWW.DFKING.COM/INVATo view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/sarissa-capital-files-presentation-in-proxy-contest-with-innoviva-highlighting-innovivas-lack-of-shareholder-focus-and-poor-corporate-governance-300429559.htmlReblogShareTweetShareRecently ViewedYour list is empty.What to Read NextThe 'two pizza rule' is a secret to productive meetings that helped Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos become one of the world's richest menBusiness InsiderThis Will Be In Everyone's Household By 2020Banyan HillSponsoredThe real reason overseas manufacturing is coming to AmericaYahoo FinanceTODAY'S CHARTS: Don't get blindsided by Tesla's shiny new Model 3Yahoo FinanceSBUX Unicorn Frap wasn’t magical enough to save earningsYahoo Finance VideoEngineer Finds Pattern; Makes Millions in StocksMoney MorningSponsoredHow a one-of-a-kind business has kept 5,000 kitchens out of landfillsYahoo FinanceTax cuts just got more likelyYahoo FinanceTrump’s unwitting legacy could be universal health coverageYahoo FinanceDiscover it: 4.8 out of 5 avg. by 24K+ customersDiscover CardSponsored9 ways to break free from your credit card debtYahoo FinanceHere’s where you can go to see the historic solar eclipseYahoo Finance VideoStocks whiff as earnings and economic data pour inYahoo FinanceZuckerberg Wife's Ambitious Secret Finally ExposedUNewz.MeSponsoredSean Hannity responds to claim he ran up a $42,000 tab at Trump's hotel after flying in a 70-year-old lobster from MaineBusiness InsiderThe 37 Most Profitable Markets for Home SellersCredit.comJeff Sessions Shouldn’t Resign. He Should Force Trump to Fire Him.TruthBeTold: Trump has reduced the stature of all cabinet posts to a very sad state.Join the Conversation1 / 518








Sarissa Capital Responds To Innoviva's Many MisstatementsHomeMailFlickrTumblrNewsSportsFinanceCelebrityAnswersGroupsMobileMoreTry Yahoo Finance on Firefox »YahooSearchSearchSign inU.S. Markets close in 2 hrs 1 minsS&P 5002,469.91-5.51 (-0.22%)Dow 3021,809.85+13.30 (+0.06%)Nasdaq6,374.59-7.59 (-0.12%)Today's ChartsDon't get blindsided by Tesla's shiny new Model 3Sarissa Capital Responds To Innoviva's Many MisstatementsPR NewswireMarch 29, 2017ReblogShareTweetShareGREENWICH, Conn., March 29, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Sarissa Capital Management LP ("Sarissa") today made the following statement in connection with its intent to nominate a minority slate to the Board of Directors of Innoviva, Inc. (INVA) ("Innoviva") at its 2017 annual meeting of stockholders to be held on April 20, 2017 at 8:30 a.m. EDT in Philadelphia, PA.Sarissa feels the need to respond to a few of Innoviva's untrue and misleading claims in its proxy materials.Innoviva's claim that Sarissa has not made a serious attempt to engage constructively with Innoviva's Board and management team is not true. In fact, the opposite is true. Sarissa has been rebuffed in its attempts to have an active dialogue with independent directors at Innoviva. In fact, in the middle of discussions with the company, Innoviva suddenly filed proxy materials rejecting all of our nominees and claiming incorrectly that we want to take control of the Board. Innoviva later explained to Sarissa that it filed those proxy materials to maintain its original timeline for the annual meeting, a choice which is unnecessary under Delaware law.SARISSA'S INTERACTIONS WITH INNOVIVA OVER THE LAST TWO WEEKS BEST EXEMPLIFY THE UNTRUE NATURE OF INNOVIVA'S CLAIMS. Sarissa includes a timeline below of such communications.Innoviva's claim that Sarissa wants to take effective control of the Board is also not true. As we disclosed in our preliminary proxy statement, we are not seeking control of the Board but much needed stockholder representation with a minority slate of three nominees. The Board is set at seven directors.    For investors less familiar with nuances of Delaware law, according to Innoviva's bylaws, we would not have been able to unilaterally add potential nominees after the February 8, 2017 deadline. Therefore, our notice of nomination in advance of the February 8, 2017 deadline and prior to submitting our preliminary proxy included four potential nominees; however, in that notice Sarissa expressly indicated that Sarissa could nominate fewer than four nominees. Sarissa also informed Innoviva of this fact and that Sarissa may not seek to replace any Innoviva incumbent directors on several occasions before Innoviva filed its preliminary proxy.  Innoviva's claim that its "marketing and executive leadership play a critical role" in the growth of revenue for the respiratory products commercialized by GSK is not believable to Sarisssa. As Innoviva has admitted in its 10-K (2016), "We have no control over GSK's marketing and sales efforts…" We agree with Innoviva that after a sluggish launch of products by GSK, GSK has dramatically improved its commercial efforts. Sarissa, however, does not believe, "Innoviva's marketing and executive leadership play a critical role" in the growth of the respiratory products given GSK's success in selling and marketing respiratory products, including Advair, without Innoviva.Innoviva correctly reports that it provided Sarissa with some records that Sarissa requested in its demand letter pursuant to Section 220 but neglects to share that what it provided is only a portion of what we requested and was heavily redacted and that the company has not let us freely share what we found with any other stockholders. Sarissa is troubled by what was found and will seek the full scope of what was initially requested and for the ability to share this information with other stockholders.Innoviva's characterization of the history at Enzon Pharmaceuticals, Inc. ("Enzon") is misleading. Revenue and expenses declined due to the sale of assets, including research assets, and the suspension of clinical development activities. Enzon was then left with royalty revenues, much as Innoviva is today. Enzon further reduced expenses to conserve capital and maximize value returned to stockholders and today manages royalties with a lean cost structure.  Royalty revenues have declined due to expirations of royalties and due to changing dynamics in the hepatitis C market. Today, as a public company, Enzon continues to collect royalty revenues, returning capital to stockholders and spending less than $2 million annually, including compensation to management and directors. Sarissa strongly believes that Innoviva must learn that shareholder capital must be optimized for the benefit of shareholders instead of management.INNOVIVA DOES NOT MARKET OR SELL ANY DRUGS.  IT JUST COLLECTS ROYALTY PAYMENTS.  SO WHY IS IT SPENDING SO MUCH MONEY AND WHY IS MANAGEMENT BEING PAID SO MUCH?  IT IS TIME FOR INNOVIVA TO BE OPTIMIZED FOR SHAREHOLDERS.Below, Sarissa shares with fellow stockholders a detailed timeline of the communications between Sarissa and Innoviva to repudiate Innoviva's claims that Sarissa has not made a serious attempt to engage constructively.Timeline of communications between Sarissa and Innoviva over last two weeks:March 14 – Innoviva PROPOSES an in-person meeting in NYC with a few board members on March 22 or 23March 15 – Sarissa ACCEPTS Innoviva's proposal for an in-person meeting in NYC on March 22 or 23March 17 – Innoviva now DECLINES the meeting on March 22 or 23 and PROPOSES a call on March 23 insteadMarch 20 – Sarissa SUGGESTS again that parties follow through on Innoviva's proposal to meet on March 22 or 23March 21 – Innoviva CONTINUES TO RESIST its proposal for an in-person meeting on March 22 or 23March 21 – Sarissa PROPOSES a call for March 23 as Innoviva had proposed on March 17March 22 – Innoviva IGNORES Sarissa's request for a call on March 23, INSISTS on in-person meeting in 1+ week (March 29/30) on East CoastMarch 23 – Sarissa ACCEPTS in-person meeting but RECOMMENDS also a call sooner, proposing same day (March 23)March 23 – Innoviva IGNORES Sarissa's request for a call on March 23 and INSISTS on in-person meeting in ~1 week (March 29-31)March  23 – Sarissa again ACCEPTS meeting for the following week (PROPOSES March 29 @3pm) but RECOMMENDS call asap (for March 24)March 24 – Innoviva IGNORES Sarissa's request for a call on March 24, DECLINES Sarissa's proposal for a meeting on March 29 @3pm and PROPOSES March 30 @10 am in New YorkMarch 26 – Sarissa DECLINES meeting on March 30 (due to conflict) but RECOMMENDS Innoviva provide time slots on each of the dates Innoviva initially suggested, March 29-31 and PROPOSES again call soonerMarch 27 – Innoviva IGNORES Sarissa's proposal to provide time slots and PROPOSES late afternoon on March 29 in Washington D.C.March 28 – Sarissa indicates potential difficulty in getting to Washington D.C. by late afternoon the next day (March 29), PROPOSES saving that time at least for a call and PROPOSES in-person meeting on March 31 in New York or Greenwich if Innoviva availableMarch 28 – Innoviva indicates will check on availability for March 31 meeting but that may need meeting to be in Chicago [not East Coast]; but that Innoviva can do a phone call as a fallbackMarch 28 – Sarissa DECLINES Chicago on Friday but PROPOSES meeting in NYC or Greenwich at most times on the dates (March 29-31) that Innoviva initially proposed (except March 29 AM) and PROPOSES call late afternoon March 29 @3pmMarch 28 – Innoviva SUGGESTS 2:30pm rather than 3pm for call on March 29March 28 – Sarissa ACCEPTS call with Innoviva at 2:30pm on March 29March 28 – Innoviva indicates that it may not be available for a call at 2:30pm on March 29 despite proposing the timeMarch 28 – Innoviva PROPOSES a call with Sarissa at 2pm on March 29March 29 – Sarissa and Innoviva AGREE to 2pm call todayThe detailed timeline of interactions over the past two weeks demonstrates the lengths to which Sarissa attempted to engage Innoviva and to which Innoviva attempted to avoid a conversation with Sarissa.INNOVIVA DOES NOT MARKET OR SELL ANY DRUGS.  IT JUST COLLECTS ROYALTY PAYMENTS.  SO WHY IS IT SPENDING SO MUCH MONEY AND WHY IS MANAGEMENT BEING PAID SO MUCH?  IT IS TIME FOR INNOVIVA TO BE OPTIMIZED FOR SHAREHOLDERS.Time is of the essence. We urge you to VOTE THE GOLD PROXY CARD to help us deliver the necessary change to Innoviva. It is important that you submit your GOLD proxy card AS SOON AS POSSIBLE. Importantly, if you receive a white card from Innoviva, DO NOT return it, just discard it. Returning a white card, even if you withhold on Innoviva's nominees, will not be a vote for the Sarissa nominees, and it would revoke any vote you previously submitted on the GOLD CARD.PLEASE VOTE NOW by signing, dating and returning the GOLD proxy card.  You may also vote by phone or internet by following the instructions on the GOLD PROXY CARD.  If you have any questions regarding your GOLD proxy card or need assistance in executing your proxy, please contact our proxy solicitor, D.F. King & Co., Inc. by telephone at the following numbers: stockholders call toll−free: (800) 549−6746 and banks and brokerage firms call: (212) 269−5550, or through the internet at www.dfking.com/INVA.CERTAIN INFORMATION CONCERNING THE PARTICIPANTSON MARCH 22, 2017, SARISSA CAPITAL MANAGEMENT LP ("SARISSA"), TOGETHER WITH THE OTHER PARTICIPANTS IN SARISSA'S PROXY SOLICITATION (THE "PARTICIPANTS"), FILED A DEFINITIVE PROXY STATEMENT AND ACCOMPANYING GOLD PROXY CARD WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION (THE "SEC") to be used to solicit proxies in connection with the 2017 annual meeting of shareholders OF INNOVIVA, INC. (THE "COMPANY"). STOCKHOLDERS ARE URGED TO READ THE DEFINITIVE PROXY STATEMENT AND OTHER DOCUMENTS RELATED TO THE SOLICITATION OF PROXIES FROM THE STOCKHOLDERS OF THE COMPANY BECAUSE THEY CONTAIN IMPORTANT INFORMATION, INCLUDING INFORMATION RELATING TO THE PARTICIPANTS. THE DEFINITIVE PROXY STATEMENT AND A FORM OF PROXY IS AVAILABLE TO STOCKHOLDERS OF THE COMPANY AT NO CHARGE AT THE SEC'S WEBSITE AT WWW.SEC.GOV.  THE DEFINITIVE PROXY STATEMENT AND A FORM OF PROXY IS ALSO AVAILABLE BY CONTACTING SARISSA'S PROXY SOLICITOR, D.F. KING & CO., INC., BY TELEPHONE AT THE FOLLOWING NUMBERS: STOCKHOLDERS CALL TOLL−FREE: (800) 549−6746 AND BANKS AND BROKERAGE FIRMS CALL: (212) 269−5550, OR THROUGH THE INTERNET AT WWW.DFKING.COM/INVATo view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/sarissa-capital-responds-to-innovivas-many-misstatements-300431342.htmlReblogShareTweetShareRecently ViewedYour list is empty.What to Read NextThe 'two pizza rule' is a secret to productive meetings that helped Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos become one of the world's richest menBusiness InsiderThis Will Be In Everyone's Household By 2020Banyan HillSponsoredThe real reason overseas manufacturing is coming to AmericaYahoo FinanceTODAY'S CHARTS: Don't get blindsided by Tesla's shiny new Model 3Yahoo FinanceOil takes a breather after rallying to 8-week highsInvesting.comEngineer Finds Pattern; Makes Millions in StocksMoney MorningSponsoredSBUX Unicorn Frap wasn’t magical enough to save earningsYahoo Finance VideoHow a one-of-a-kind business has kept 5,000 kitchens out of landfillsYahoo FinanceTax cuts just got more likelyYahoo FinancePeople in Heavy Debt May Be in For a Big SurpriseFreedom Debt ReliefSponsoredTrump’s unwitting legacy could be universal health coverageYahoo Finance9 ways to break free from your credit card debtYahoo FinanceOil hits 8-week highs as falling U.S. crude stockpiles add to optimismInvesting.comZuckerberg Wife's Ambitious Secret Finally ExposedUNewz.MeSponsoredHere’s where you can go to see the historic solar eclipseYahoo Finance VideoStocks whiff as earnings and economic data pour inYahoo FinanceJeff Sessions Shouldn’t Resign. He Should Force Trump to Fire Him.TruthBeTold: Trump has reduced the stature of all cabinet posts to a very sad state.Join the Conversation1 / 518








