




Sauce Labs | Login











Sauce Labs




Sign In












Forgot?




Remember Me
    



      Sign In
      






  New to Sauce Labs? Create an Account
  GitHub user? Login with your GitHub account




















Sauce Labs: Sign Up for a Free Trial

















Sauce Labs








Sign Up for a Free Trial
No credit card required


Name














Work Email







Company







Company Size



Select size ...
Just Me
2-10
11-50
51-100
101-500
501-1000
1001-2500
2501-5000
5000+





Username



4 characters minimum
Must start with a letter or number
Only letters, numbers, '_' and '-' are allowed




Password



6 characters minimum
Only letters, numbers, '_' and '-' are allowed









All fields are required.



                Create Account 



By signing up, you agree with our Terms of Service.















Free Trial
14 Days - No Commitment




Start testing on over 900 browser / OS / platform combinations and access to all our debugging tools.





2 Concurrent Vms


100 minutes of Automated Testing


60 minutes of Manual Testing


Access to Real Devices


If you require more concurrent sessions or minutes, please CONTACT SALES.





















Sauce Labs Inc: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 2:01 PM ET
Internet Software and Services

Company Overview of Sauce Labs Inc



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Sauce Labs Inc. provides cloud-based testing for mobile and Web applications. It offers automated browser, selenium, JS unit, automated mobile, manual testing, and platform testing services. Sauce Labs Inc. was incorporated in 2008 and is based in San Francisco, California.


539 Bryant StreetSuite 303San Francisco, CA 94107United StatesFounded in 2008



Phone: 855-677-0011

Fax: 415-373-9385

saucelabs.com







Key Executives for Sauce Labs Inc




Mr. Charles Ramsey


      	Chief Executive Officer
      








Mr. Steven Hazel


      	Co-Founder and Chief Technology Officer
      








Mr. John Dunham


      	Co-Founder
      








Mr. Paul K. Joachim


      	Chief Financial Officer
      


Age: 51
        







 Miki Tebeka


      	Principal Software Developer
      





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 

Sauce Labs Inc Key Developments

Sauce Labs Inc. Appoints Paul Joachim as Chief Financial Officer
May 25 17
Sauce Labs Inc. announced its appointment of Paul Joachim as chief financial officer. Mr. Joachim is a seasoned executive with extensive experience leading high-growth companies, most recently serving as chief administrative officer and chief financial officer at TubeMogul Inc.


Sauce Labs Expands U.S. Data Center with New Real Device Cloud
Apr 27 17
Sauce Labs Inc. announced the opening of a new mobile Real Device Cloud in its California Data Centers. Featuring 500 real devices, the new Real Device Cloud provides both manual and automated testing of web, hybrid, and native apps in either private or public cloud configurations. Sauce Labs' newly expanded Real Device Cloud supports automated and manual device testing for both public and private clouds, ensuring that enterprises can continue to have the utmost security for their tests when needed. Using a single log in, users can initiate tests at either Sauce Labs' Germany or California data centers on the devices they prefer.


Sauce Labs Inc Names Manuel Ruiz as Vice President of Customer Success
Apr 4 17
Sauce Labs Inc. announced its appointment of Manuel Ruiz as vice president of customer success. Ruiz will be responsible for driving Sauce's customer service and success initiatives. He joins Sauce from MobileIron, where he served as vice president of customer success, leading the company's global support, professional services, customer advocacy and training programs.


Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 "Atlantic Tele-Satellite, Inc. United States .Club Domains LLC United States .Comdaq Corporation United States .Kache Media Management LLC United States @Court United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target





Merger/Acquisition

			      December 8, 2016
			    
TestObject GmbH



Private Placement

			      November 3, 2016
			    
--





Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Sauce Labs Inc, please visit saucelabs.com.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close































Sauce Labs - San Francisco, CA





















































































































































You're about to be redirectedWe notice you're visiting us from a region where we have a local version of Inc.com.READ THIS ARTICLE ON or remain on inc.com






















Startup 







Best Industries


Funding


Incubators


Business Plans


Naming


Home-Based Business


The UPS StoreView




Grow 







MB Vans


Strategy


Operations


Sales


Marketing


Customer Service


Franchises


Build




Lead 







Company Culture


Productivity


Public Speaking


Hiring


HR/Benefits


Women Entrepreneurs


Rising Stars


T-MobileView




Innovate 







Creativity


Invent


Design


Pivot




Technology 







Cloud Computing


Social Media


Security


Big Data




Money 







Bootstrapping


Crowdfunding


Venture Capital


Borrowing


Business Models


Personal Finance




Inc. 5000 







The 2016 US List


The 2017 Europe List


Apply Inc. 5000 US




Special Reports 







Notes to My Younger Self


Disruptive 25


Best Workplaces


Icons of Entrepreneurship


Best Industries


30 Under 30


Extreme Entrepreneurship


Main Street


World's Coolest Offices


College Startups


Founders 10


Design Awards




Video 







Tip Sheet


The Playbook


Founders Forum


Peak Performance


Women Who Lead


Notes to My Younger Self


World's Coolest Offices


How I Did It


Lift


Inc. Tested


Drinks With…


GrowCo 2017


Origin Stories


Inc. Live




Events 







Full Schedule


Inc. Women's Summit


Inc.5000 Conference & Gala


Iconic


GrowCo Conference




Inc. BrandView 

NEWSLETTERS 

MAGAZINE 

PARTNER CONTENT 







Inc. BrandView


Inc. Branded Content


Inc. Franchise




PODCASTS 

SUBSCRIBE 

ADVERTISE 

INC. RADIO 

INC. BUSINESS HUB 







Inc. Verified Profile


Inc. Plus


Send Press Releases


Plan for your business


Secure Funding


Get Published




OTHER EDITIONS 







Inc. ASEAN


Inc. Arabia




SITEMAP 

PRIVACY 

PRESS QUERIES 

AD CHOICE 






 





































 Search


Newsletters


Follow


Subscribe








































Today's Must Reads






Inc. Events & Offers





Inc. Partner Events & Offers




























Forgot Password?




 Enter your email to reset your password











Or sign up using: 




































New member? Sign up now.
Sign in if you're already registered.


 
 






































Get Inc. Straight to Your Inbox
SIGN UP FOR TODAY'S 5 MUST READS


Sign Me Up

































































































Sauce Labs Wins Top Workplace and Industry Product Award




























      Questions? +1 800-883-2055
      

Set Up FREE Account
Submit Release

















        Why Us
        




        Press Releases
        



Services


Pricing & Comparison Chart


Distribution


Resources

Contact









Contact





Resources

Contact





World Media Directory
    ·
    
RSS
    ·
    
Email Newsletters


    There were 530 press releases posted in the last 24 hours and 171,058 in the last 365 days.
  









Sauce Labs Wins Top Workplace and Industry Product Award



Named a 2017 Top Workplace by Bay Area News Group; Also Named SD Times 100 Award Winner for a Second Consecutive Year

/EINPresswire.com/ -- SAN FRANCISCO, CA--(Marketwired - Jun 27, 2017) -  Sauce Labs, Inc., provider of the world's largest cloud-based platform for automated testing of web and mobile applications, today announced it was named a 2017 Top Workplace by the Bay Area News Group, while also winning its second consecutive SD Times 100 Award. The news builds on the momentum generated by the company's first ever user conference, SauceCon, a sold-out event held in San Francisco earlier this month.
"Sauce Labs is delighted to win our first-ever award for our workplace culture," said Charles Ramsey, CEO of Sauce Labs. "We provide a positive, flexible work environment for our employees where we conduct ourselves with respect, integrity and transparency. It's truly an honor to see our focus on creating a great workplace be rewarded in this way."
Sauce was selected as a Top Workplace by the Bay Area News Group based on a rigorous assessment of organizational health and employee feedback. Several aspects including "alignment," "execution" and "connection" were among the criteria considered. More than 6,000 organizations participated in this year's competition.
Sauce was further recognized in the SD Times 100 as a top influencer and leader in the testing category for a second consecutive year. The annual awards program selects innovators in 10 different categories based on each company's offerings, reputation, leadership and "buzz" within their industry. Selected by SD Times editors, the list represents what the experts believe to be "the best of the best."
Sauce Labs provides a high-performance, cloud-based automated testing platform that is optimized for Continuous Integration (CI) and Continuous Delivery (CD) workflows. When tests are automated and run in parallel on virtual machines or real devices, testing time is significantly reduced and IT teams no longer need to devote time to managing testing infrastructure. When paired with a CI system, multiple development teams can instantly provision scalable resources to test web, hybrid, and native applications, continuously and affordably. Sauce Labs currently supports more than 900 browser, operating system, and device combinations.
Didn't make it to SauceCon 2017? Check out playbacks of the sessions here. 
Helpful Links


Sauce Labs website


Sauce Labs blog


Appium website


Twitter 

About Sauce LabsSauce Labs provides the world's largest cloud-based platform for the automated testing of web and mobile applications. Its award-winning service eliminates the time and expense of maintaining an in-house testing infrastructure, freeing development teams of any size to innovate and release better software, faster.
Sauce Labs is a privately held company funded by Toba Capital, Salesforce Ventures, Centerview Capital Technology, IVP and Adams Street Partners. For more information, please visit https://saucelabs.com.



Media Contact:Scott Lechner
Kulesa Faul for Sauce Labs
(530) 521-3095scott@kulesafaul.com






  Share on
  
  Facebook
  ·
  
  Twitter
  ·
  
  LinkedIn
  ·
  
  Google+



      Distribution channels:
      IT, Technology





  Share This Story




  Facebook

  Twitter

  LinkedIn

  Google+


    Print
  



  More From This Source



Fancamp Exploration Ltd.: Magpie Mines Awarded $3.9 Million SDTC Funding


New Security System Tracks Everyone Entering Construction Worksites, Identifying Those Who Are Authorized or Not


Marijuana Accelerator, a Division of Player's Network, Inc., Announces Live Online Webinar Introducing the MJ ...

View All Stories From This Source


Submit Release





































EIN Presswire


Follow @EINPresswire






Back to top





Quick Links:


Submit Releases


Login


Set Up FREE Account


Pricing & Comparison Chart


Distribution




Resources:


RSS


Email Newsletters


World Media Directory


EIN Newsdesk


NewsPlugin






Press Releases:


All Press Releases


Featured Press Releases


Search Press Releases


Browse by Date




Featured Clients:


WiseGuyReports.com


Marketwired


IT Governance






Help & Information Center:


Why Us?


About EIN Presswire


Helpful Tips


Video Tutorial


Client Testimonials


Blog


Services



Free Press Release Distribution


Press Release Distribution Services


Send Press Release


Submit Free Press Release





User Agreement


Privacy Policy

Contact













EIN News Home

About EIN News

                  Founded in 1995, EIN News is an international leader in real-time news tracking and digital information services. Our systems continuously scan the web, indexing news from thousands of worldwide sources. The data is then filtered and organized into news streams. The process is supervised by a team of professional news editors.
                

                  We are news professionals and technologists dedicated to producing the fastest and most comprehensive news streams on the planet. We are committed to providing our members with the highest quality software tools and resources available.
                

EIN News
                  is a division of
                  Internet Product Development Group Inc.

                  To reach us send an
                  email
                  or call +1 202-540-8337 or +1 800-883-2055.
                



EIN Presswire


Events & Conferences


Newsfeed Maker


Inbox Robot


IPD Group



EIN Twitter



EIN Facebook






© 1995-2017 IPD Group, Inc. dba EIN Presswire | EIN News. All Right Reserved.
  |
  User Agreement
  |
  Privacy Policy
  |
  Contact






Why Us


Testimonials - Client Reviews


Blog posts


Video Tutorials






Browse All Releases


Browse Featured Release


Browse By Topic


Browse by Date






Free Press Release Distribution


Press Release Distribution Services


Send Press Release


Submit Free Press Release






Press Release Distribution


Media Monitoring






Distribution Overview


World Media Directory


U.S. TV-Radio


Microwires


Newsdesk


NewsPlugin
















﻿






            Pricing | Sauce Labs
        
















































Sign InSolutionsStoriesPricingResourcesSupportCompanySign InFree TrialFree Trial


HomePricing 


Annual PricingorMonthly PricingorReal Device PricingManual$19/ month1Concurrent Session0mins. / month Automated TestingSign Up NowIndividual$149/ month2Concurrent Sessions1000mins. / month Automated TestingSign Up NowExpert$299/ month4Concurrent Sessions2000mins. / month Automated TestingSign Up NowProfessional$399/ month6Concurrent Sessions3000mins. / month Automated TestingSign Up NowSmall Team$529/ month8Concurrent Sessions4000mins. / month Automated TestingSign Up NowEnterpriseContact us for Enterprise pricing, Real Devices and Mobile Private Cloud10 or moreConcurrent SessionsUnlimitedmins. / month Automated TestingContact Us



TestObject is now part of Sauce Labs. Click here to learn more about our real mobile device cloud pricing.






All plans include



Unlimited Manual Testing Minutes
Over 800 Browser/OS/Platform Combinations
Real-Time VMs
Debugging Tools
Videos and Screenshots of Tests
Enterprise Security
Secure Local Tunneling






Pricing Details


Invoicing Information
All credit card plans are automatically billed monthly, and a corresponding invoice is sent to the account holder’s email address the day your credit card gets charged. Monthly credit card plans can be canceled at any time with no penalty. Annual credit card plans can be canceled at any time but will incur a cancellation penalty equal to three months of service. Custom plans are invoiced annually in advance net 30 days.


All Plans
All plans include our complete OS / browser combinations, instantaneous availability of VMs and enterprise security. All accounts also include debugging tools, video test playback and screenshots. Sauce Labs integrates with any language, framework and CI system. All plans allow for up to 50 users. Note: Real Device Cloud is currently available only in our Enterprise Plan. Please contact sales for more information.


Overage Minutes
If you use more than the allowed plan minutes in a month, we won't turn off your account. Overages are billed at $0.20 for each extra minute used. To avoid these charges, we suggest adjusting your subscription level in advance of large usage charges. Usage is billed starting from when a virtual machine begins to boot up and ends when the testing job is completed including the processing of any requested test assets such as screen shots and videos.


Plan Cycles
Minutes refresh monthly on the same day that you sign up. For example, if you subscribe for Sauce on the 25th of the month, you will be charged on the 25th of every subsequent month that you remain a Sauce customer.


Upgrading/Downgrading Subscriptions
You may change your subscription level at any time. However, please note that new plans go into effect on your next billing date, which is listed on your account page.


Rollover Minutes
For credit card subscribers, unused minutes in your account at the monthly renewal time do not roll over.
















Questions? Feedback? powered by Olark live chat software








﻿






            Terms of Service | Sauce Labs
        













































Sign InSolutionsStoriesPricingResourcesSupportCompanySign InFree TrialFree Trial


HomeTerms of Service 



SAUCE LABS, INC. TERMS OF SERVICE
End User License Agreement
Read this agreement carefully.
BY CLICKING ON THE "I ACCEPT" (OR SIMILAR CONSENT) BUTTON OR USING ALL OR ANY PORTION OF THE SAUCE LABS PRODUCTS, YOU ARE ACCEPTING ALL OF THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS AGREEMENT. YOU AGREE THAT THIS AGREEMENT IS ENFORCEABLE LIKE ANY WRITTEN NEGOTIATED AGREEMENT SIGNED BY YOU.
IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO ALL OF THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS, DO NOT CLICK TO ACCEPT OR OTHERWISE USE ALL OR ANY PORTION OF THE SAUCE LABS PRODUCTS. YOU WILL NOT BE GIVEN ACCESS TO ANY SAUCE LABS PRODUCTS UNLESS YOU ACCEPT THE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT. IF YOU HAVE PAID A FEE FOR USE OF ANY SAUCE LABS PROD- UCTS AND DO NOT AGREE TO THESE TERMS, YOU MAY TERMINATE YOUR ACCESS TO THE SAUCE LABS PRODUCTS FOR A FULL REFUND PROVIDED YOU TERMINATE YOUR ACCESS WITHIN THIRTY (30) DAYS OF YOUR INITIAL PURCHASE.
IF YOU WISH TO USE THE SAUCE LABS PRODUCTS AS AN EMPLOYEE, CONTRACTOR, OR AGENT OF A CORPORATION, PARTNERSHIP OR SIMILAR ENTITY, THEN YOU MUST BE AUTHORIZED TO SIGN FOR AND BIND THE ENTITY IN ORDER TO ACCEPT THE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT. THE LICENSES GRANTED AND SERVICES PROVIDED UNDER THIS AGREEMENT ARE EXPRESSLY CONDITIONED UPON ACCEPTANCE BY SUCH AUTHORIZED PERSONNEL.
IF YOU HAVE ENTERED INTO A SEPARATE WRITTEN AGREEMENT WITH SAUCE LABS FOR USE OF SAUCE LABS PRODUCTS, THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF SUCH OTHER AGREEMENT SHALL PREVAIL OVER ANY CONFLICTING TERMS OR CONDITIONS IN THIS AGREEMENT.
This End User License Agreement ("Agreement") is entered into by and between Sauce Labs Inc. ("Sauce Labs") and the customer (individual or entity) that has procured the Sauce Labs products or services for use as an end user ("Customer"). "Effective Date" means the date on which accepts the terms and conditions of this Agreement. Sauce Labs reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to modify or replace this Agreement, or change, suspend, or discontinue any Sauce Labs Product(s) or Service Descriptions (as those terms are defined below), including without limitation, the availability of any feature, database, or content) at any time by posting a notice on the Sauce Labs Product(s) or by sending you an email. It is your responsibility to check this Agreement periodically for changes. Your continued use of any Sauce Labs Product following the posting of any changes to this Agreement constitutes acceptance of those changes.


Sauce Labs Products


Provision of Products. Sauce Labs offers various online software-as-a-service products (each, a "Sauce Labs Product(s)"). Sauce Labs Products are as described in the then-current version of the service description for the applicable Sauce Labs Product ("Service Description"), which will be provided to Customer upon request at any time. Each Sauce Labs Product is provided on a subscription basis for a set term designated at the time of purchase (each, as "Subscription Term"). Customer shall purchase and Sauce Labs shall provide the specific Sauce Labs Products as specified at the time of purchase.
Access to Products. Customer may access and use Sauce Labs Products solely for its own benefit and in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement, the end user technical documentation provided with the Sauce Labs Products ("Documentation") and any scope of use restrictions designated at the time of purchase. Use of and access to Sauce Labs Products is permitted only by the number of employees of Customer specified at the time of purchase ("Permitted Users"). If Customer is given passwords to access Sauce Labs Products on Sauce Labs’ systems, Customer shall require that all Permitted Users keep user ID and password information strictly confidential and not share such information with any unauthorized person. Customer shall be responsible for any and all actions taken using Customer’s accounts and passwords.
Contractors. Customer may permit its independent contractors and consultants who are not competitors of Sauce Labs ("Contractors") to serve as Permitted Users, provided Customer remains responsible for compliance by each such Contractor with all of the terms and conditions of this Agreement and any such use of Sauce Labs Products by such Contractor is for the sole benefit of Customer. Use of the Sauce Labs Products by Contractors and Customer in the aggregate must be within the restrictions specified at the time of purchase.
License Grant. Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Sauce Labs grants to Customer a limited, non-exclusive, non-transferable, non-sublicensable, fully revocable, license to use the video playback widget in the Sauce Labs Product ("Video Playback") internally in Customer’s QA dashboard during the Subscription Term. The license granted under this Section 1.4 shall terminate upon the termination or expiration of this Agreement.
General Restrictions; Acceptable Use. Customer shall not: (a) rent, lease, copy, provide access to or sublicense any Sauce Labs Product to a third party; (b) use any Sauce Labs Product to provide or incorporate any Sauce Labs Product into any product or service provided to a third party, (c) reverse engineer, decompile, disassemble, or otherwise seek to obtain the source code or non-public APIs to Sauce Labs Products, including the Video Playback, except to the extent such restriction is prohibited by applicable law (and only upon advance notice to Sauce Labs), (d) modify any Sauce Labs Product or any Documentation, or create any derivative product from any of the foregoing, (e) remove or obscure any proprietary or other notices contained in any Sauce Labs Product (including any reports or data printed from Sauce Labs Products) or (f) publicly disseminate information regarding the performance of Sauce Labs Products. In addition, when using or otherwise accessing the Sauce Labs Products, Customer and its Permitted Users shall at all times abide by the Sauce Labs Acceptable Use Policy set forth at https://saucelabs.com/acceptable-use-policy (the "AUP").


Customer DATA


Generally. "Customer Data" means any business information or other data of any type which is provided by Customer to Sauce Labs in connection with Sauce Labs Products, including information input by Customer, or provided to Sauce Labs for inputting, into the Sauce Labs Products. Customer shall ensure that Customer’s use of Sauce Labs Products and all Customer Data is at all times compliant with Customer’s privacy policies and all applicable local, state, federal and international law, regulations and conventions, including, without limitation, those related to data privacy, international communications, and the exportation of technical or personal data. Customer is solely responsible for the accuracy, content and legality of all Customer Data. Customer represents and warrants to Sauce Labs that Customer has sufficient rights in the Customer Data to grant the rights granted to Sauce Labs in Section 2.2 below and that the Customer Data does not infringe the rights of any third party.
Rights in Customer Data. As between the parties, Customer shall retain all right, title and interest (including any and all intellectual property rights) in and to the Customer Data as provided to Sauce Labs. Subject to the terms of this Agreement, Customer hereby grants to Sauce Labs a non-exclusive, worldwide, royalty-free right to use, copy, store, transmit, modify, create derivative works of and display the Customer Data solely to the extent necessary to provide Sauce Labs Products to Customer.
Uploads of Customer Data. Customer shall be responsible for providing all Customer Data to Sauce Labs and shall provide such Customer Data in a format consistent with the technical compatibility requirements set forth in the applicable Service Description (or as otherwise specified by Sauce Labs) ("Technical Requirements"). Errors in loading Customer Data onto Sauce Labs systems due to defective media, erroneous data or failure to meet Technical Requirements may be rejected by the Sauce Labs Products or may be referred back to Customer for resolution and Sauce Labs shall have no responsibility for any related impact on the applicable service.
Storage of Customer Data. Sauce Labs does not provide an archiving service. Sauce Labs agrees only that it shall not intentionally delete any Customer Data which is less than 30 days old from Sauce Labs Products prior to termination of Customer’s applicable Subscription except as directed by Customer or its Permitted Users. Sauce Labs expressly disclaims all other obligations with respect to storage. If specified at the time of purchase, Sauce Labs may charge Customer a fee for storing the Customer Data.
Indemnification by Customer. Customer shall indemnify, defend and hold harmless Sauce Labs from and against any and all claims, costs, damages, losses, liabilities and expenses (including reasonable attorneys’ fees and costs) arising out of or in connection with any claim arising from or relating to (a) any Customer Data, (b) any action taken (or not taken) by Customer based upon use of a Sauce Labs Product, or (c) any service or product offered by Customer in connection with or related to any Sauce Labs Product. This indemnification obligation is subject to Customer receiving (i) prompt written notice of such claim (but in any event notice in sufficient time for Customer to respond without prejudice); (ii) the exclusive right to control and direct the investigation, defense, or settlement of such claim; and (iii) all reasonable necessary cooperation of Sauce Labs at Customer’s expense.


OWNERSHIP


Sauce Labs Technology. This is a subscription agreement for use of Sauce Labs Products and not an agreement for sale. Customer acknowledges that it is obtaining only a limited right to the Sauce Labs Products and that irrespective of any use of the words "purchase", "sale" or like terms hereunder no ownership rights are being conveyed to Customer under this Agreement. Customer agrees that Sauce Labs or its suppliers retain all right, title and interest (including all patent, copyright, trade secret and other intellectual property rights) in and to the Sauce Labs Products, Video Playback, Service Descriptions, Documentation, and any and all related and underlying technology and documentation (collectively, "Sauce Labs Technology"). Further, Customer acknowledges that the Sauce Labs Products are offered as an on-line, hosted solution, and that Customer has no right to obtain a copy of the Sauce Labs Product itself.
Feedback. Customer, from time to time, may submit comments, information, questions, data, ideas, description of processes, or other information to Sauce Labs ("Feedback"). Sauce Labs may in connection with any of its products or services freely use, copy, disclose, license, distribute and exploit any Feedback in any manner without any obligation, royalty or restriction based on intellectual property rights or otherwise.


Subscription Term, FEES & PAYMENT


Subscription Term and Renewals. Unless otherwise specified at the time of purchase, each Subscription Term shall automatically renew for additional twelve month periods unless either party gives the other written notice of termination at least thirty (30) days prior to expiration of the then-current Subscription Term.
Fees and Payment. All fees are as set forth at the time of purchase and shall be paid by Customer within thirty (30) days of the Effective Date, unless otherwise specified at the time of purchase. Fees may be changed at any time by Sauce Labs' notice to Customer; provided that, such fee changes will go into effect beginning with Customer’s next Subscription Term. Use of Sauce Labs Products beyond agreed-to limits may subject Customer to overage fees as set forth at the time of purchase. Except as expressly set forth in Section 6 (Limited Warranty) and Section 7 (Availability and Service Credits), all fees are non-refundable. Sauce Labs’ fees are exclusive of all shipping costs and Customer is required to pay any sales, use GST, value-added withholding, or similar taxes or levies, whether domestic or foreign, other than taxes based on the income of Sauce Labs. Any late payments shall be subject to a service charge equal to 1.5% per month of the amount due or the maximum amount allowed by law, whichever is less.
Suspension of Service. If Customer's account is thirty (30) days or more overdue, in addition to any of its other rights or remedies (including but not limited to any termination rights set forth herein), Sauce Labs reserves the right to suspend Customer’s access to the applicable Sauce Lab Product (and any related services) without liability to Customer until such amounts are paid in full.


TERM AND TERMINATION


Term. This Agreement is effective as of the Effective Date and expires on the date of expiration or termination of all Subscription Terms.
Termination for Cause. Either party may terminate this Agreement if the other party (a) fails to cure any material breach of this Agreement (including a failure to pay fees) within thirty (30) days after written notice; (b) ceases operation without a successor; or (c) seeks protection under any bankruptcy, receivership, trust deed, creditors’ arrangement, composition, or comparable proceeding, or if any such proceeding is instituted against that party (and not dismissed within sixty (60) days thereafter). Notwithstanding the foregoing, Sauce Labs may terminate this Agreement immediately upon notice to Customer if Customer breaches Sections 1.4 (License Grant) or 1.5 (General Restrictions).
Effect of Termination. Upon any expiration or termination of this Agreement, Customer shall immediately cease any and all use of and access to Sauce Labs Products (including any and all related Sauce Labs Technology) and delete (or, at Sauce Labs’ request, return) any and all copies of the Documentation, any Sauce Labs passwords or access codes and any other Sauce Labs Confidential Information in its possession. Customer acknowledges following termination it shall have no further access to any Customer Data input into the Sauce Labs Products, and that Sauce Labs may delete any such data as may have been stored by Sauce Labs at any time. Termination of this Agreement is not an exclusive remedy and the exercise of either party of any remedy under this Agreement will be without prejudice to any other remedies it may have under this Agreement, by law, or otherwise.
Survival. The following Sections shall survive any expiration or termination of this Agreement: 1.5 (General Restrictions), 2.4 (Indemnification by Customer), 3 (Ownership), 4.2 (Fees and Payment), 5 (Term and Termination), 6.2 (Warranty Disclaimer), 9 (Limitation of Remedies and Damages), 10 (Indemnification), 11 (Confidential Information), and 13 (General Terms).


LIMITED WARRANTY


Limited Warranty. Sauce Labs warrants, for Customer’s benefit only, that Sauce Labs Products will operate in substantial conformity with the applicable Documentation. Sauce Labs does not warrant that Customer’s use of the Sauce Labs Products will be uninterrupted or error-free, nor does Sauce Labs warrant that it will review the Customer Data for accuracy or that it will preserve or maintain the Customer Data without loss. Sauce Labs’ sole liability (and Customer’s sole and exclusive remedy) for any breach of this warranty shall be, in Sauce Labs’ sole discretion and at no charge to Customer, to use commercially reasonable efforts to provide Customer with an error correction or work-around that corrects the reported non-conformity, or if Sauce Labs determines such remedies to be impracticable, to allow Customer to terminate the Subscription Term and receive as its sole remedy a refund of: (a) the monthly subscription fees specified at the time of purchase which are allocable to the thirty (30) day period prior to the date the warranty claim was made and (b) any fees Customer has pre-paid for use of Sauce Labs Products or related services it has not received as of the date of the warranty claim. The limited warranty set forth in this Section 6.1 shall not apply: (i) unless Customer makes a claim within thirty (30) days of the date on which the condition giving rise to the claim first appeared, or (ii) if the error was caused by misuse, unauthorized modifications or third-party hardware, software or services or (iii) to use provided on a no-charge or evaluation basis.
Warranty Disclaimer. EXCEPT FOR THE LIMITED WARRANTY IN SECTION 6.1, Sauce Labs Products and all SERVICES ARE PROVIDED "AS IS". NEITHER SAUCE LABS NOR ITS SUPPLIERS MAKES ANY OTHER WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, STATUTORY OR OTHERWISE, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, TITLE, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR NONINFRINGEMENT. CUSTOMER MAY HAVE OTHER STATUTORY RIGHTS. HOWEVER, TO THE FULL EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, THE DURATION OF STATUTORILY REQUIRED WARRANTIES, IF ANY, SHALL BE LIMITED TO THE LIMITED WARRANTY PERIOD. Sauce Labs SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR DELAYS, INTERRUPTIONS, SERVICE FAILURES AND OTHER PROBLEMS INHERENT IN USE OF THE INTERNET AND ELECTRONIC COMMUNICATIONS OR OTHER SYSTEMS OUTSIDE THE REASONABLE CONTROL OF Sauce Labs.


Availability and service credits.
During the Subscription Term of each Sauce Labs Product, Sauce Labs Products are subject to the Service Availability Targets and Service Credits set forth below.


Availability. Target availability for Sauce Labs Products (excluding Real Device Products) is 99.5% per calendar month, excluding Scheduled Downtime, emergency maintenance, and downtime caused by matters beyond Sauce Labs' reasonable control ("Target Availability"). Target availability for Sauce Labs Real Device Products is 99% per calendar month, excluding Scheduled Downtime, emergency maintenance, and downtime caused by matters beyond Sauce Labs’ reasonable control (“Target Availability”).
Scheduled Downtime. The Sauce Labs Products shall be down (and inaccessible) during certain time windows for maintenance purposes on a schedule posted by Sauce Labs (which shall typically be during the periods of lowest anticipated usage) ("Scheduled Downtime"). Cumulative Scheduled Downtime will not exceed 24 hours in any calendar month (not including any Customer-scheduled downtime).
Remedy For Failure to Meet Target Availability. If Sauce Labs fails to meet Target Availability, as Customer’s sole and exclusive remedy, if Customer makes a request for service credit within thirty (30) days of the failure Sauce Labs will credit Customer’s account one day’s current monthly fees for each one percent (1%) of the Sauce Labs Products unavailability or any portion thereof over Target Availability in any calendar month (not to exceed one-half of total monthly fees for the applicable Sauce Labs Product) ("Service Credits"). Service Credits will be applied in the month following the service availability failure only. Daily service credits shall be calculated based on a 365-day Subscription Term.
Exclusions. Sauce Labs shall not be responsible for, and Customer shall not be entitled to Service Credits for, any Sauce Labs Products failures caused by: (i) use by Customer in a manner not authorized in this Agreement or the applicable Documentation, (ii) Customer or third party equipment, (iii) third party acts or systems; or (iv) general Internet problems, force majeure, natural disasters, emergencies, acts of terror or war, or other factors outside of Sauce Labs’ reasonable control.


Support Services.
During the Subscription Term of each Sauce Labs Product, Sauce Labs shall provide end user support for the support level specified at the time of purchase, in accordance with the terms set forth at http://saucelabs.com/support/policy.

Limitation of Remedies and Damages

NEITHER PARTY SHALL BE LIABLE FOR ANY LOSS OF USE, LOST or INACCURATE DATA, FAILURE OF SECURITY MECHANISMS, INTERRUPTION OF BUSINESS, COSTS OF DELAY OR ANY INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, RELIANCE OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OF ANY KIND (INCLUDING LOST PROFITS), REGARDLESS OF THE FORM OF ACTION, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), STRICT LIABILITY OR OTHERWISE, EVEN IF INFORMED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES IN ADVANCE.
NOTWITHSTANDING ANY OTHER PROVISION OF THIS AGREEMENT, SAUCE LABS’ AND ITS SUPPLIERS’ ENTIRE LIABILITY TO CUSTOMER SHALL NOT EXCEED THE AMOUNT ACTUALLY PAID BY CUSTOMER TO SAUCE LABS DURING THE PRIOR TWELVE MONTHS UNDER THIS AGREEMENT.
THIS SECTION 9 SHALL NOT APPLY TO CUSTOMER WITH RESPECT TO ANY CLAIM ARISING UNDER THE SECTIONS TITLED "GENERAL RESTRICTIONS," "CUSTOMER DATA" OR "CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION".
The parties agree that the limitations specified in this Section 9 will survive and apply even if any limited remedy specified in this Agreement is found to have failed of its essential purpose.


INDEMNIFICATION.
Sauce Labs shall indemnify and hold harmless Customer from and against any claim of infringement of a U.S. patent, U.S. copyright, or U.S. trademark asserted against Customer by a third party based upon Customer’s use of Sauce Labs Products in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, provided that Sauce Labs shall have received from Customer: (i) prompt written notice of such claim (but in any event notice in sufficient time for Sauce Labs to respond without prejudice); (ii) the exclusive right to control and direct the investigation, defense, or settlement (if applicable) of such claim; and (iii) all reasonable necessary cooperation of Customer. If Customer’s use of any Sauce Labs Product is, or in Sauce Labs’ opinion is likely to be, enjoined due to the type of infringement specified above, or if required by settlement, Sauce Labs may, in its sole discretion: (a) substitute substantially functionally similar products or services; (b) procure for Customer the right to continue using Sauce Labs Products; or if (a) and (b) are commercially impracticable, (c) terminate the Agreement and refund to Customer the fees paid by Customer for the portion of the Subscription Term which was paid by Customer but not rendered by Sauce Labs. The foregoing indemnification obligation of Sauce Labs shall not apply: (1) if a Sauce Labs Product is modified by any party other than Sauce Labs, but solely to the extent the alleged infringement is caused by such modification; (2) a Sauce Labs Product is combined with other non-Sauce Labs products or processes not authorized by Sauce Labs, but solely to the extent the alleged infringement is caused by such combination; (3) to any unauthorized use of Sauce Labs Products; or (4) any action arising as a result of Customer Data or any third-party deliverables or components contained within Sauce Labs Products. THIS SECTION 10 SETS FORTH Sauce Labs’ SOLE LIABILITY AND CUSTOMER’S SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE REMEDY WITH RESPECT TO ANY CLAIM OF INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY INFRINGEMENT.


CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION.
Each party agrees that all code, inventions, know-how, business, technical and financial information it obtains ("Receiving Party") from the disclosing party ("Disclosing Party") constitute the confidential property of the Disclosing Party ("Confidential Information"), provided that it is identified as confidential at the time of disclosure or should be reasonably known by the Receiving Party to be Confidential Information due to the nature of the information disclosed and the circumstances surrounding the disclosure. Any Sauce Labs Technology, performance information relating to the Sauce Labs Products, and the terms and conditions of this Agreement shall be deemed Confidential Information of Sauce Labs without any marking or further designation. Except as expressly authorized herein, the Receiving Party will hold in confidence and not use or disclose any Confidential Information. The Receiving Party’s nondisclosure obligation shall not apply to information which the Receiving Party can document: (i) was rightfully in its possession or known to it prior to receipt of the Confidential Information; (ii) is or has become public knowledge through no fault of the Receiving Party; (iii) is rightfully obtained by the Receiving Party from a third party without breach of any confidentiality obligation; (iv) is independently developed by employees of the Receiving Party who had no access to such information; or (v) is required to be disclosed pursuant to a regulation, law or court order (but only to the minimum extent required to comply with such regulation or order and with advance notice to the Disclosing Party). The Receiving Party acknowledges that disclosure of Confidential Information would cause substantial harm for which damages alone would not be a sufficient remedy, and therefore that upon any such disclosure by the Receiving Party the Disclosing Party shall be entitled to appropriate equitable relief in addition to whatever other remedies it might have at law.


PUBLICITY
Sauce Labs may disclose Customer as a customer of Sauce Labs or issue a press release, each only with Customer’s prior written consent.


GENERAL TERMS


Assignment. This Agreement will bind and inure to the benefit of each party’s permitted successors and assigns. Neither party may assign this Agreement except upon the advance written consent of the other party, except that either party may assign this Agreement in connection with a merger, reorganization, acquisition or other transfer of all or substantially all of such party’s assets or voting securities. Any attempt to transfer or assign this Agreement except as expressly authorized under this Section 13.1 will be null and void.
Severability. If any provision of this Agreement shall be adjudged by any court of competent jurisdiction to be unenforceable or invalid, that provision shall be limited to the minimum extent necessary so that this Agreement shall otherwise remain in effect.
Governing Law; Jurisdiction and Venue. This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of California and the United States without regard to conflicts of laws provisions thereof, and without regard to the United Nations Convention on the International Sale of Goods. The jurisdiction and venue for actions related to the subject matter hereof shall be the state and United States federal courts located in San Francisco, California and both parties hereby submit to the personal jurisdiction of such courts.
Attorneys’ Fees and Costs. The prevailing party in any action to enforce this Agreement will be entitled to recover its attorneys’ fees and costs in connection with such action.
Notice. Any notice or communication required or permitted under this Agreement shall be in writing to the parties at the addresses set forth at the time of purchase or at such other address as may be given in writing by either party to the other in accordance with this Section and shall be deemed to have been received by the addressee (i) if given by hand, immediately upon receipt; (ii) if given by overnight courier service, the first business day following dispatch or (iii) if given by registered or certified mail, postage prepaid and return receipt requested, the second business day after such notice is deposited in the mail.
Amendments; Waivers. No supplement, modification, or amendment of this Agreement shall be binding, unless executed in writing by a duly authorized representative of each party to this Agreement. No waiver will be implied from conduct or failure to enforce or exercise rights under this Agreement, nor will any waiver be effective unless in a writing signed by a duly authorized representative on behalf of the party claimed to have waived. No provision of any purchase order or other business form employed by Customer will supersede the terms and conditions of this Agreement, and any such document relating to this Agreement shall be for administrative purposes only and shall have no legal effect.
Entire Agreement. This Agreement is the complete and exclusive statement of the mutual understanding of the parties and supersedes and cancels all previous written and oral agreements and communications relating to the subject matter of this Agreement. Customer acknowledges that Sauce Labs Products are on-line, subscription-based products, and that in order to provide improved customer experience Sauce Labs may make changes to Sauce Labs Products, and Sauce Labs will update the Sauce Labs Products Service Description accordingly.
Audit Rights. Upon Sauce Labs’ written request, Customer shall furnish Sauce Labs with a signed certification certifying that Sauce Labs Products are being used pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, including any access and user limitations. With prior reasonable notice of at least ten (10) days, Sauce Labs may audit the use of Sauce Labs Products by Customer provided such audit is during regular business hours. Customer is responsible for such audit costs only in the event the audit reveals that Customer’s use of Sauce Labs Products is not in accordance with the permitted scope of use.
Force Majeure. Neither party shall be liable to the other for any delay or failure to perform any obligation under this Agreement (except for a failure to pay fees) if the delay or failure is due to unforeseen events which occur after the signing of this Agreement and which are beyond the reasonable control of such party, such as a strike, blockade, war, act of terrorism, riot, natural disaster, failure or diminishment of power or telecommunications or data networks or services, or refusal of a license by a government agency.
Subcontractors. Sauce Labs may use the services of subcontractors for performance of services under this Agreement, provided that Sauce Labs remains responsible for (i) compliance of any such subcontractor with the terms of this Agreement and (ii) for the overall performance of Sauce Labs Products as required under this Agreement.
Independent Contractors. The parties to this Agreement are independent contractors. There is no relationship of partnership, joint venture, employment, franchise or agency created hereby between the parties. Neither party will have the power to bind the other or incur obligations on the other party’s behalf without the other party’s prior written consent.


Last Updated: December 2016





















﻿






            Cross Browser Testing, Selenium Testing, and Mobile Testing | Sauce Labs
        















































Sign InSolutionsStoriesPricingResourcesSupportCompanySign InFree TrialFree Trial

Testing at the
Speed of Awesome.Accelerate your software development and bring your great ideas to market faster with the world's largest automated testing cloud for web and mobile apps.Free TrialWatch Video

Join us in Berlin for the next official Selenium Conference | Oct 9-11Learn More



Who loves Sauce Labs?






 Sauce Labs was the only Selenium cloud-based solution that offered automated cross-browser testing, so we could test any OS and browser combination.


With Sauce, I reduced testing time from 72 hours to 72 minutes.


We can push our code out with way more confidence.





Solutions


Solutions
No need to spend valuable time and resources developing and maintaining your own infrastructure when you have access to the secure and reliable automated testing from Sauce.
Learn More 
Testimonials
With Sauce Labs, our Enterprise customers enjoy Continuous Integration and Continuous Delivery while radically reducing their testing time. But don’t just take our word for it. 
Read Stories 
Pricing
Contact Sales for information on unlimited user and minute plans, as well as access to real devices.
Request Pricing 








Key Features






Cross Browser Testing
Test your web and mobile apps on the world’s largest automated testing cloud with more than 900 platform, OS and browser combinations.
Learn More 
Mobile Web Testing
Ensure your web applications work across the latest Android and iOS mobile devices with instant access to emulators, simulators and real devices.
See How 
JS Unit Testing
Run JavaScript unit tests for web apps and you can be sure your code works in every environment.
Learn More Learn more about Sauce for Enterprise, Small Teams or Open Source.





Facts, Tools & Resources



Latest Trends in Cross Browser Testing 
Sauce Labs operates the world’s largest automated testing cloud. Because we run more tests than anyone else, there's no better source for building your test coverage matrix than with Sauce Labs. Take a look through our coverage report to view testing trends by browser, OS, industry and more.
Learn More 


1199429736Tests Complete
Our cloud-based platform runs well over a million of tests per day, which means your testing will be infused with the experience and professionalism of Sauce Labs.



Learn From The Experts
If automated testing is new to your process, Sauce Labs is the best place to learn best practices. After all, we’ve been here from the beginning and we still exceed the industry standards for customer service and technical expertise.
Learn More 















Why build and test with Sauce?As the leaders in automated testing, we offer the world's most comprehensive testing cloud for web and mobile apps. We’re easy to work with and we know what you want – accuracy, speed and efficiency.
Detailed Comparison













Less time testing.
More time innovating.Find out what testing with Sauce can do for you.Free Trial






















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











Sauce Labs Inc.                                                                                                          - San Francisco                                     , CA         - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



CA



San Francisco



Computer Integrated Systems Design



Systems Software Development Services



                            Sauce Labs Inc.
                                    



 





















S 


Sauce Labs Inc.                                                                                                         
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



539 BRYANT ST STE 303 SAN FRANCISCO, CA 94107
Get Directions



(415) 946-1117
www.saucelabs.com                                                                                       





Business Info



 Founded 2008
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $33,700,717.00
 Employee Count 55
 Industries Systems Software Development Services
 Contacts Charles Ramsey                                                                                                          







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Sauce Labs Inc.                                                                                                          is located at 539 Bryant St Ste 303 in San Francisco and has been in the business of Systems Software Development Services since 2008. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







S

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.

















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft









 Sauce Labs Reviews | G2 Crowd


SearchWrite ReviewBrowseSoftwareServicesUser InfoProfile DetailsProduct AdminSoftware I UseNotificationsSign OutSign In / Sign UpAboutAbout UsTeamCareersIn the NewsPress ReleasesInformation for Solution ProvidersTestimonialsG2 GivesBlogWrite ReviewSoftwareServicesAboutAbout UsTeamCareersIn the NewsPress ReleasesInformation for Solution ProvidersTestimonialsG2 GivesBlogProfile DetailsProduct AdminSoftware I UseNotificationsSign OutSign In / Sign Up ReviewsProfilePricingComment on ReviewComment TitleComment
 Do not show my name and LinkedIn® picture on this CommentCancelDoneReviewsProfilePricing



      Save
    


Follow thisFollowingI use thisI use thisSauce Labs (42) 4.2 out of 5 starsSauce's test automation cloud enables QA/QE and developers to easilybperform functional, Javascript unit, and manual tests with Selenium and Appium on web and mobile apps, in 500+ browser/OS combinations. Get videos and screenshots for easy debugging. Secure and CI-readyRequest More InformationWork for Sauce Labs?Update this ProfileAdminAdd Free TrialAdd Demo VideoLearning about Sauce Labs?We can help you find the solution that fits you best.Chat with a G2 advisor+1 (888) 618-0782CategoriesTest AutomationSoftware TestingCompare Sauce Labs to Similar SolutionsSauce LabsvsApplauseSauce LabsvsTestRailSauce LabsvsPerfectoSauce LabsvsQuality CenterSauce LabsvsApache JMeterWhat users like about Sauce LabsCross Browser support+ 29Multiple environments+ 23Reporting and Dashboards+ 17live test management+ 16High Availibility+ 13Supports most popular languages.+ 11API / Integrations+ 11Debugging+ 11sub-accounts+ 10Test Recording+ 9Weigh in yourself!Sauce Labs is featured in:Top Test Automation Software for Enterprise BusinessTop Software Testing Software for Midsize BusinessTop Software Testing Software for Enterprise BusinessSauce Labs ReviewsRequest More InformationWrite a ReviewFilter ReviewsFilter ReviewsRatings5 star214 star173 star42 star01 star1Company SizeSmall Business (50 or fewer emp.)(2)Mid-Market (51-1000 emp.)(20)Enterprise ( >1000 emp.)(20)User RoleUser(28)Administrator(7)Executive Sponsor(1)Internal Consultant(1)Consultant(1)Industry Analyst / Tech Writer(1)User IndustryInformation Technology and Services(13)Computer Software(5)Hospital & Health Care(4)Marketing and Advertising(4)Internet(3)Other(14)For CategoryTest Automation(41)Software Testing(33)Most Recent
Default
Most Helpful
Least Recent
Least HelpfulRatings5 star214 star173 star42 star01 star1Company SizeSmall Business (50 or fewer emp.)(2)Mid-Market (51-1000 emp.)(20)Enterprise ( >1000 emp.)(20)User RoleUser(28)Administrator(7)Executive Sponsor(1)Internal Consultant(1)Consultant(1)Industry Analyst / Tech Writer(1)User IndustryInformation Technology and Services(13)Computer Software(5)Hospital & Health Care(4)Marketing and Advertising(4)Internet(3)Other(14)For CategoryTest Automation(41)Software Testing(33)Most Recent
Default
Most Helpful
Least Recent
Least HelpfulShowing 43 Sauce Labs reviewsShayne V.Review SourceShayne V.Validated ReviewVerified Current UserReview SourceFirst time user and enjoying all the resources available for learning to advance my work experienceUpdated On May  9, 2017Validated ReviewVerified Current UserWhat do you like best?The ability to test on multiple browser and OS versions is great for my day to day job. Helpful customer service and plenty of learning resources make implementation much less of a pain. Looking forward to continued learning and will be attending SauceCon '17.What do you dislike?Running regression test suites takes longer than running locally but it is to be expected since you are funneling tests through Sauce Cloud. I believe it is a fair trade since it doesn't take so much longer that it has diminishing returns.Recommendations to others considering the productGreat service for getting broad test coverage among multiple browsers and operating systems. If you have difficulties during implementation then there are plenty of resources to assist with troubleshooting as well as help from specialists from Sauce Labs. At least give them a try with a free trial to see if it is a viable solution for your testing.What business problems are you solving with the product?  What benefits have you realized?Our application is quite massive and we were limiting ourselves to only 2 browsers and a handful of browsers versions when running our tests locally. Sauce Labs helped us broaden regression suite and ensure the application was working on other browsers and browser version combinations. Read MoreShare on0 of 0 found this helpful.Helpful?YesNo0 CommentsAdd a CommentAdd a CommentRespond as Sauce LabsReport a ConcernJayson S.Review SourceJayson S.Validated ReviewVerified Current UserReview SourceSauce is the BossUpdated On December  8, 2016Validated ReviewVerified Current UserWhat do you like best?That they're nimble and allow me to tackle the testing challenges I face. There are a number of real device testing platforms out there including Sauce- I've tried many, many of them. I ended up settling on Sauce due to a number of factors from mindset on device availability, ease of use, communication with my account team, technology, and pricing. While their device list may not be as big as some other vendors I never have to wait for any devices and I'm able to run on all of their devices, whenever I want. On top of that I don't have to pay separately for BOTH access to a device AND concurrency. The (both) type of billing model really doesn't sit well with me nor does having to schedule a device, sit in a queue for one, or flat out not have your test run. In an environment where development teams practice CI, having to wait in line or even worse: schedule doesn't match up.  What do you dislike?Sometimes my tests don't complete which makes stability tough, but these things are improving! Sometimes troubleshooting why my tests failed is difficult.  Real Device pool is limited. While they are continuing to add devices and it's still somewhat early days, it's still something I'd love to see expanded.Recommendations to others considering the productGive them a shot! What business problems are you solving with the product?  What benefits have you realized?My company works with video across the internet and I'm using Sauce to make sure that we're able to continue playing video back across the real devices that Sauce has.Read MoreShare on0 of 0 found this helpful.Helpful?YesNo0 CommentsAdd a CommentAdd a CommentRespond as Sauce LabsReport a ConcernAre you a current user of Sauce Labs?YesNoWhat Test Automation solution do you use?Quality CenterTestRailApache JMeterqTestSOAPUIApplauseTestCompleteSoapUI ProLoadRunnerRanorexIBM Rational Quality ManagerTestingWhizI don't use Test Automation softwareThanks for letting us know!Alexander C.Review SourceAlexander C.Validated ReviewVerified Current UserReview SourceGreat productUpdated On December  8, 2016Validated ReviewVerified Current UserWhat do you like best?It's ability to test on multiple browser and OS combinations is invaluable, and it's CI integration with Jenkins has made it an important part of our ATDD. Without the CI integration, we wouldn't have been able to include this is our development process, so I would argue that is one of the most important inclusions they have added.What do you dislike?On rare occasions tests can sometimes fail for no reason, and then work after running again. This isn't a huge problem but can be somewhat annoying. Also, inevitably it takes longer to spin up a vm and run a test on that instead of just testing locally, but this is the tradeoff necessary in order to get the benefits sauce labs has to offer.Recommendations to others considering the productDefinitely give it a try.What business problems are you solving with the product?  What benefits have you realized?This has helped greatly as our company switches from a waterfall method to an agile method of software development. This is the biggest benefit it has for my organization as this transition has been wrought with problems, but every piece of good software such as Saucelabs that we find to smooth the process of has been a great asset.Read MoreShare on0 of 0 found this helpful.Helpful?YesNo0 CommentsAdd a CommentAdd a CommentRespond as Sauce LabsReport a ConcernOwen L.Review SourceOwen L.Validated ReviewVerified Current UserReview SourceSauce Labs is the best option out of a dozen automation services.Updated On December 10, 2015Validated ReviewVerified Current UserWhat do you like best?Lot's of platforms for tests, supports all major frameworks. Works great with Jenkins(their Sauce OnDemand plug-in is pretty awesome). Can be used in many ways and very versatile. Very dedicated UX team that want to improve the customer experience drastically. Customer support turn around time is also very good and their engineers are very knowledgeable.What do you dislike?I dislike that at times, their infrastructure code gets updated, without the knowledge of the user. I then, without having updated anything, see breaking issues, or with esthetics of the test results. This in turn causes wasted time trying to figure out what went wrong and where, which always ends up in sending a customer support ticket to Sauce Labs.Recommendations to others considering the productYou need to account for the performance decrease of funneling your tests through Sauce Cloud. Your framework is probably smart, but not smart enough. In order to create very concrete tests, you need to modularize as much as you can.What business problems are you solving with the product?  What benefits have you realized?We are an e-commerce company. We need to make sure that major customer facing areas of our site are working 24/7. If any of the core parts of our site our down, we lose potential purchases, potential returning customers. With automation, in 15 minutes, we check every single area of the site, without worry that QA or engineering let something slip through the cracks. Automation, with our CI environment are 2 of the most important tools in our arsenal for agile development.Read MoreShare on0 of 0 found this helpful.Helpful?YesNo0 CommentsAdd a CommentAdd a CommentRespond as Sauce LabsReport a ConcernJonathan M.Review SourceJonathan M.Validated ReviewVerified Current UserReview SourceSauce Labs very easy to useUpdated On June 14, 2016Validated ReviewVerified Current UserWhat do you like best?How easy it is to use Sauce's service and incorporate it with existing tests.  In addition, they have excellent customer service and I really like how in tune they are with the testing and DevOps industry.What do you dislike?Not a whole lot to report as far as dislike.  The only issue I ever have is with their manual VMs are really slow for me to use and I wish they were a little nicer, design wise.What business problems are you solving with the product?  What benefits have you realized?The main business challenge I am aiming to address is having a platform and infrastructure to support my existing and new automation tests that cover a very broad range of sites I am responsible for testing. With cloud testing with a service like Sauce Labs, I am able to quickly run my tests in the cloud without taxing my local setup with tests constantly running in the background while I work on other things. What I have realized is: automation testing is a constant pursuit for quality testing and Sauce Labs definitely helps to facilitate that pursuit every day!Read MoreShare on0 of 0 found this helpful.Helpful?YesNo0 CommentsAdd a CommentAdd a CommentRespond as Sauce LabsReport a ConcernBjörn K.Review SourceBjörn K.Validated ReviewVerified Current UserReview SourceFree multi-browser tests for open source projects!Updated On October 18, 2015Validated ReviewVerified Current UserWhat do you like best?Sauce Labs offers free testing (with pretty limited resources, of course) for open source projects. They integrate very well with Travis-CI build jobs, and there's adapters for all kinds of JS test runners. So it was an easy choice for my own Juice Shop (https://github.com/bkimminich/juice-shop) project, where I have my unit tests run on various browser-OS-combinations via Karma Runner. On top of that I have a full end-to-end test suite written with Protractor execute on Sauce Labs as well. Check out the following Blog entry for details on my setup: http://sauceio.com/index.php/2015/06/guest-post-proving-that-an-application-is-as-broken-as-intended What do you dislike?Sometimes there are stability issues that result in unreliable test results: Tunnels don't come up, timeouts occur, tests fail on first run but pass when started another time. I suppose this is due to the inferior free VMs you get as an open source project, and I might have a bit too many browser-OS-combinations declared for testing.Recommendations to others considering the productAs an open source project you can't do anything wrong by trying, because it's free.What business problems are you solving with the product?  What benefits have you realized?Juice Shop is aintentionally insecure Javascript web application designed to be used during security trainings, classes, workshops or awareness demos. It contains over 25 vulnerabilities that an aspiring hacker can exploit in order to fulfill challenges that are tracked on a scoreboard. My end-to-end tests ensure that the overall functionality (e.g., logging in, placing products in the basket, submitting an order, etc.) is working and it performs attacks on the application that should solve all the existing challenges. By running the suite on Sauce Labs I can make sure that Juice Shop works as it should without having to run them locally all the time I push a change to the development-branch. The tests run roughly 2min so it's nice to be able to avoid this kind of "pause" on my laptop and give the job to the Sauce Labs platform instead.Read MoreShare on0 of 0 found this helpful.Helpful?YesNo0 CommentsAdd a CommentAdd a CommentRespond as Sauce LabsReport a Concern1 2 3 4 5 … Next › Last » Learning about Sauce Labs?We can help you find the solution that fits you best.Chat with a G2 advisor+1 (888) 618-0782* We monitor all Sauce Labs reviews to prevent fraudulent reviews and keep review quality high. We do not post reviews by company employees or direct competitors.  Validated reviews require the user to submit a screenshot of the product containing their user ID, in order to verify a user is an actual user of the product.Company: Sauce LabsWebsite: saucelabs.comCategoriesTest AutomationSoftware TestingCompare Sauce Labs to Similar SolutionsSauce LabsvsApplauseSauce LabsvsTestRailSauce LabsvsPerfectoSauce LabsvsQuality CenterSauce LabsvsApache JMeterWhat users like about Sauce LabsCross Browser support+ 29Multiple environments+ 23Reporting and Dashboards+ 17live test management+ 16High Availibility+ 13Supports most popular languages.+ 11API / Integrations+ 11Debugging+ 11sub-accounts+ 10Test Recording+ 9Weigh in yourself!Sauce Labs is featured in:Top Test Automation Software for Enterprise BusinessTop Software Testing Software for Midsize BusinessTop Software Testing Software for Enterprise BusinessLearning about Sauce Labs?We can help you find the solution that fits you best.Chat with a G2 advisor+1 (888) 618-0782Sign in to continueSign in withorBy proceeding, you agree to our Terms of Use and Privacy PolicyNew to G2 Crowd?  Sign UpSign up to continueSign up withorSign up with an emailBy proceeding, you agree to our Terms of Use and Privacy PolicyAlready have an account? Sign inIn order to continue you will need to authenticate via LinkedIn®Sign in withBy proceeding, you agree to our Terms of Use and Privacy PolicyWhy LinkedIn®?Using LinkedIn® ensures that we only have real business users contributing and sharing authentic
data that everyone can trust.

  When you connect to G2 with LinkedIn®, we will receive:



    Your profile information - We'll automatically populate your G2 Crowd profile with your company name,
    industry, company size, and skills from your LinkedIn® profile; you control whether this information is
    shown publicly on G2 Crowd.
  

    Email address - You can add a different email address to your G2 Crowd account, and you can turn off or adjust
    the frequency of G2 Crowd notifications.
  

    Connections - We access your connections to show you reviews written by your network. We don't access your
    connections' contact information, and we never message your connections.
  



    We will never post anything back to your LinkedIn® account on your behalf without your permission.
    Earning and keeping your trust is important to us.
  

Need help? Talk to a humanWould you like to receive more information from Sauce Labs?Request More InformationChat with a G2 advisor+1 (888) 618-0782

 








Sauce Labs Inc: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback






























sauce labs inc
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: Technology
Industry: Software
Sub-Industry: Application Software
Sauce Labs Inc. provides software products and services. The Company designs and develops automated and manual testing services for web applications. Sauce Labs primarily operates in the United States.




Corporate Information
Address:

500 3rd Street
San Francisco, CA 94107
United States


Phone:
1-415-371-0060


Fax:
1-415-373-9385


Web url:
www.saucelabs.com





Board Members




Board Members
Company




Dan Whaley
Climos Inc


J Miller
Institutional Venture Partners


Tyler Jewell
Codenvy




Show More
























From The Web












Press Releases




Sauce Labs Wins Top Workplace and Industry Product Award

Jun 27, 2017



Sauce Labs Announces Free Online Training Courses on Selenium and Appium

Jun 07, 2017



Sauce Labs Test Analytics Accelerates Testing and Release Processes

Jun 01, 2017



Sauce Labs Names Paul Joachim as Chief Financial Officer

May 25, 2017



Sauce Labs Expands U.S. Data Center with New Real Device Cloud

Apr 27, 2017



Sauce Labs Names Manuel Ruiz as Vice President of Customer Success

Apr 04, 2017






Key Executives


Charles Ramsey


Chief Executive Officer




Paul Joachim


Chief Financial Officer




Steve Hazel


CTO/Co-Founder




John Coyle


VP:Business Development




Joe Alfaro


VP:Engineering




Terri Avnaim


VP:Marketing




Stephen Tsuchiyama


VP:Worldwide Sales & Services







Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data








































Sauce Labs Wins Top Workplace and Industry Product Award





























































ProductionHUB


Contact Us
In the industry?
Log In











Keyword Search


Profiles


Jobs
Leads
Casting Notices


\						Videos & Demo Reels
Events
Used Equipment
Classifieds
Photo Galleries


Blog Posts
Press Releases






for





in



Go





Home
NewsStand
Details



Sauce Labs Wins Top Workplace and Industry Product Award



Named a 2017 Top Workplace by Bay Area News Group; Also Named SD Times 100 Award Winner for a Second Consecutive Year

SAN FRANCISCO, CA--(Marketwired - Jun 27, 2017) -  Sauce Labs, Inc., provider of the world's largest cloud-based platform for automated testing of web and mobile applications, today announced it was named a 2017 Top Workplace by the Bay Area News Group, while also winning its second consecutive SD Times 100 Award. The news builds on the momentum generated by the company's first ever user conference, SauceCon, a sold-out event held in San Francisco earlier this month.
"Sauce Labs is delighted to win our first-ever award for our workplace culture," said Charles Ramsey, CEO of Sauce Labs. "We provide a positive, flexible work environment for our employees where we conduct ourselves with respect, integrity and transparency. It's truly an honor to see our focus on creating a great workplace be rewarded in this way."
Sauce was selected as a Top Workplace by the Bay Area News Group based on a rigorous assessment of organizational health and employee feedback. Several aspects including "alignment," "execution" and "connection" were among the criteria considered. More than 6,000 organizations participated in this year's competition.
Sauce was further recognized in the SD Times 100 as a top influencer and leader in the testing category for a second consecutive year. The annual awards program selects innovators in 10 different categories based on each company's offerings, reputation, leadership and "buzz" within their industry. Selected by SD Times editors, the list represents what the experts believe to be "the best of the best."
Sauce Labs provides a high-performance, cloud-based automated testing platform that is optimized for Continuous Integration (CI) and Continuous Delivery (CD) workflows. When tests are automated and run in parallel on virtual machines or real devices, testing time is significantly reduced and IT teams no longer need to devote time to managing testing infrastructure. When paired with a CI system, multiple development teams can instantly provision scalable resources to test web, hybrid, and native applications, continuously and affordably. Sauce Labs currently supports more than 900 browser, operating system, and device combinations.
Didn't make it to SauceCon 2017? Check out playbacks of the sessions here. 
Helpful Links

Sauce Labs website

Sauce Labs blog

Appium website

Twitter 

About Sauce Labs
Sauce Labs provides the world's largest cloud-based platform for the automated testing of web and mobile applications. Its award-winning service eliminates the time and expense of maintaining an in-house testing infrastructure, freeing development teams of any size to innovate and release better software, faster.
Sauce Labs is a privately held company funded by Toba Capital, Salesforce Ventures, Centerview Capital Technology, IVP and Adams Street Partners. For more information, please visit https://saucelabs.com.
 Media Contact:Scott Lechner
Kulesa Faul for Sauce Labs
(530) 521-3095scott@kulesafaul.com
Source: Marketwired


























	Search Engine Marketing (SEM) - Bing Ads








































































































Skip to content











Sign upSign in


 


















You run your business. We'll help find your customers.
Bing Ads can help build your business and drive your success. Spend $25 and get $100 in advertising credit.†

†Offer details




Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.







Coupon code class

First name:

Last name:

Email:

Your website URL

Business phone



*Required
Microsoft may contact you to provide updates and special offers about Bing Ads. You can unsubscribe at any time. To learn more you can read the privacy statement.
Type the code from the image:

Enter security code:







             























×
Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.


†Offer Details: Offer expires December 31, 2017.  Valid only for new Bing Ads customers who are first party recipients of the offer email. A new Bing Ads customer is one that has not advertised on Bing Ads before. Enter promotional coupon code and spend $25 (applies to threshold and prepaid accounts) to receive $100 in Bing Ads credits. Limit one promotion code per new Bing Ads customer. Promotional code must be redeemed within thirty (30) days of Bing Ads new customer account creation. Ad campaign costs accrued before receiving a credit, as well as costs accrued after all credits are used, will be charged to the payment method associated with the Bing Ads account. If customer payment fails, the coupon amount will not be applied.  Ads will continue to run and accrue costs after any promotional credit has been used up. Any portion of the credit not used within ninety (90) days of credit redemption will expire and can't be carried over even if the Bing Ads Customer switches their payment method. Offer valid only to residents of the United States. In order for the offer to be valid, a form of payment must be entered into your account prior to redemption of the promotional code and prior to your account going live to take advantage of the credit. This offer may not be combined with any other offer, promotional code coupon or discount, separated, redeemed for cash, transferred, sold, or bartered. Microsoft, in its sole discretion, can close your account for any suspected coupon abuse. Refund of the $25 is not permitted.  See Bing Ads Terms and Conditions for more details at sign-up. Other terms and conditions may apply.  Microsoft reserves the right to cancel, change, or suspend this offer at any time without notice.









See how Bing Ads works



Customers search


Customers see your ad


Customers contact you


Watch how Bing Ads works  
 








×
How Bing Ads works

















Help more customers find you
See how Bing can attract customers your Google AdWords campaigns can't.

Reach 137 million searchers on the Bing Network.1
Tap into 32.9% of the search marketplace.2
Get in front of searchers who spend 16 percent more than the average internet searcher.2











Powerful network. Powerful benefits.



Reach across devicesConnect with customers looking for your business anytime, anywhere, on any device.


Go global or localReach people in the Bing Network everywhere or focus on cities, counties and areas within a certain distance from your business.


Easy to importIf you're already using another product like Google Adwords, it's easy to pull that campaign into Bing Ads.








You control your costs

 Free sign-upJoin Bing Ads for free and control your account at every step.


 Only pay for clicksPay just when customers click on your ad. No click, no charge.


 No minimum feeStart advertising with a budget that works best for your business.









 



The advantage we gain in cost per click gives us a great return on investment — more than 35 percent better than Google AdWords.
Scott Redgate, search engine marketing manager — CJ Pony Parts
By using Bing Ads features like Image Extensions and Sitelink Extensions, this auto parts retailer races to convert customers and beat its competition.

 Read about driving more conversions







 



We might not get as much of the volume as with Google AdWords, but the volume of the traffic that we get converts really well at a lower cost.
Scott Schult, Executive Vice President of Marketing — Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau
The Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau uses Bing Ads to drive site traffic and tourism at lower cost.

 Read about getting better ROI








Better results for less cost. That's as simple as I can make it. If I look at the quality of the traffic we get for the dollars we spend on Bing Ads, our ROI is fantastic.
Alex Littlewood, CEO   Motoroso
Motoroso, a market network for auto enthusiasts, gets better results for less cost and reaches a high-value audience with Bing Ads.

 Read about attracting quality traffic



 









Import your AdWords campaigns

Save time by importing your Google AdWords campaigns into Bing Ads to get ads live quickly.


Sign in with your Microsoft account (or create one) to get started on Bing Ads.


From within the Bing Ads interface, select the Import from Google AdWords option.


Enter your Google AdWords credentials and select the campaign you want to import.










Preview your ad

Get found online with search engine marketing. Make the most of your marketing dollars and drive customers to your business.
See how Bing Ads can work for you




















Get started today
Give us a few details about your business to create a Bing Ads account and get it up and running.


  
Sign up
Get started with Bing Ads 
Signing up is always free.













FAQ


Is Bing Ads right for me?

Is Bing Ads right for my business?
All types of businesses find value and success with Bing Ads. Whether you're focused on local calls and foot traffic, or want to drive traffic to your website from across the country or around the world. Bing Ads has solutions for you.
I already appear in search results for free. Why should I pay for advertising?
Your current customers may search for your business by name, aiming it easy to find you in search results. But customers you've yet to reach are more likely searching for general terms that wouldn't necessarily bring up your business in search results. Advertising next to relevant Bing search results puts your business front and center with interested customers you otherwise might not reach.
What is the difference between SEO and SEM? Which one is right for me?
Search engine optimization (SEO) is adjusting your website to improve your natural ranking in search results. You cannot pay to improve your website ranking on Bing or Yahoo, thus we often refer to these results and unpaid or "organic" search results.

	Clicks from SEO are free. But SEO also requires technical expertise and involves some factors over which you have only limited control.

	Search engine marketing (SEM) is paid advertising that appears next to or above unpaid (or "organic") search results. These paid ads are purchased through Bing Ads.

	You pay for SEM clicks. But SEM gives you more control over when your website appears on results pages and you decide how much you want to pay. And you can measure which ads are working and quickly improve your results.

	You don't have to choose between SEO and SEM. You can do both!
If my time is limited, should I still try Bing ads?
Yes! Call a Bing Ads specialist at 877-635-3561*and we’ll set up your first campaign for you for free. We’ll give you tips on getting the most out of your ads and set you up for success. We’re here to help.




About Bing Ads

Where does my ad appear?
Your ads could appear on the top or to the right of Bing, Yahoo, and MSN search results. And you can choose to target your ads to different geographic regions, times or days of the week, and even demographics.
What determines my ad position?
Bing Ads is a pay-per-click (PPC) advertising system. You bid based on how much you are willing to pay per each click on your ad. Because webpages have a limited number of places to show ads, we auction those spaces. You are bidding against other advertisers to get your ads into the space you want. So if you bid on the keyword "shoe", you will have to beat the bids of the other advertisers who are also bidding on "shoe." You determine how much you are willing to bid.
	Your ad position is based on several things, including:
	
How closely your ad and website fit with the terms that are searched (relevance).
How your bid compares to other bids in the Bing Ads auction.
How strongly your ad has performed in the past and how often it has been clicked (click-through rate).

	The stronger you are in these areas, the better your chances of winning the top ad position.




How to use Bing Ads

How can I use Bing Ads to drive more people to my website?
Here are some tips to get better results:
	
Review your budget and bid strategy. If your ad keeps pausing, your budget limit may be set too low. Competitive bids help your ad stay in a strong position to catch eyes and get more clicks to your website.
Expand your targeting, both for location and for devices (computer, mobile and tablet).
Make sure your ads and website are relevant to the keywords you bid on. Would someone searching your terms expect to see and ad for your business?


How can I keep my costs down?
While your first instinct may be to lower your budget, first try lowering your maximum bids. Yes, this could mean fewer customers visit your site. But if you increase your quality score and build ads with a strong performance history, you may be able to win a good ad position with a lower bid. That would lower your cost=per-click and help stretch your budget.
How do I know if Bing Ads is working?
View a wide range of performance trends in your account to quickly see key stats: ad clicks, the number of times your ad appeared (impressions), spend, average cost-per-click, click-through rate, average ad position, cost per acquisition, and conversions. You can also run performance reports to get insights into how well your campaigns are doing.
Can I run more than one ad?
Yes! In fact, we encourage it. Only one ad will show at a time but running multiple ads lets you test different approaches to see what's working best with your target customers. Frequently, businesses try out different ads for specific products or pages.




Getting started with Bing Ads

How do I get started?
Sign up for Bing Ads
Which keywords should I choose?
You have a few options to help choose your keywords. First you'll want to think of the terms one of your customers might use to search for your products and offerings. Those search terms are a great starting point. Then you can use tools right in your account to find more keywords. Within Bing Ads, click Campaigns on the top of the page. Click the Keywords tab, and then click Add Keywords. This will let you:
	
Search for new keywords based on one you enter.
Search a website for keywords.
Search your destination URLs for keywords.


How can I write a good ad?
Here are a few tips that can help make your ad stand out.
	
Keep your ads relevant. One way to improve relevance is to use your customer's most popular search terms in your ad titles and txt.
Describe what sets your product apart.
Use your customers' language. Use words and writing tone that are likely to attract your typical customer.
Be specific. This clearer and more specific your offering, the better. For example, rather than "big discount," specify and exact percentage, such as "50 percent off."
Give customers a reason to click your ad right now. Offer a specific call to action, such as encouraging customers to request a brochure or consultation, download a free e-book, subscribe to a newsletter, or take advantage of a limited-time discount.























Sign up with Bing Ads to get started





































