

























James Savarese Sells 29,482 Shares of Wayfair Inc. (NYSE:W) Stock - BNB Daily





































 
















 

 













Daily Ratings & News for Wayfair Inc.
Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Wayfair Inc. with our free daily email newsletter:



 




Follow @bnbdailynews





Recent Posts

MaxLinear, Inc (NYSE:MXL) Expected to Post Quarterly Sales of $107.74 Million
Analysts Anticipate Itron, Inc. (NASDAQ:ITRI) Will Announce Earnings of $0.67 Per Share
Analysts Set Urstadt Biddle Properties Inc. (NYSE:UBA) Price Target at $22.67
Q4 2017 EPS Estimates for Monster Beverage Corporation Lifted by Jefferies Group (NASDAQ:MNST)
Reviewing Shoe Carnival (SCVL) and DSW (DSW)
Reviewing Xactly Corp (XTLY) and Hortonworks (HDP)
Analyzing Korn/Ferry International (KFY) and DHI Group (NYSE:DHX)
Zacks: Brokerages Expect Steelcase Inc. (SCS) to Announce $0.23 EPS
Somewhat Favorable Press Coverage Extremely Likely to Affect U.S. Bancorp (USB) Share Price
BMO Capital Markets () Receives Average Rating of “” from Analysts
BMO Capital Markets () Receives Consensus Recommendation of “” from Analysts
Cherokee (CHKE) Receiving Somewhat Positive Press Coverage, Report Finds
CBIZ (CBZ) Receives Media Sentiment Score of 0.04
AK Steel Holding Corporation Sees Unusually High Options Volume (NYSE:AKS)
SPDR KBW Bank Target of Unusually High Options Trading (NYSE:KBE)
Investors Buy Large Volume of iShares MSCI Brazil Index Put Options (NYSE:EWZ)
Standex International Corporation (SXI) Receives Daily Coverage Optimism Score of 0.31
Somewhat Positive Press Coverage Somewhat Likely to Impact BroadSoft (BSFT) Stock Price
Contrasting Diamond Foods (DMND) & Amplify Snack Brands, inc. (BETR)
-$0.13 Earnings Per Share Expected for Alcobra Ltd. (NASDAQ:ADHD) This Quarter


 


James Savarese Sells 29,482 Shares of Wayfair Inc. (NYSE:W) Stock

Posted by Renee Johnson on Jul 26th, 2017 // No Comments 

Wayfair Inc. (NYSE:W) COO James Savarese sold 29,482 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, July 26th. The shares were sold at an average price of $80.00, for a total transaction of $2,358,560.00. Following the sale, the chief operating officer now directly owns 601,518 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $48,121,440. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which can be accessed through this hyperlink. 
James Savarese also recently made the following trade(s): 





On Monday, July 17th, James Savarese sold 1,213 shares of Wayfair stock. The shares were sold at an average price of $76.53, for a total transaction of $92,830.89. 
On Thursday, June 15th, James Savarese sold 4,649 shares of Wayfair stock. The shares were sold at an average price of $70.92, for a total transaction of $329,707.08. 

Shares of Wayfair Inc. (NYSE:W) traded up 3.19% during mid-day trading on Wednesday, hitting $79.36. 1,323,494 shares of the stock were exchanged. The firm’s market cap is $6.87 billion. Wayfair Inc. has a 1-year low of $27.60 and a 1-year high of $80.40. The company’s 50-day moving average is $74.33 and its 200-day moving average is $52.63. 


 Get Wayfair Inc. alerts:



Wayfair (NYSE:W) last issued its earnings results on Tuesday, May 9th. The company reported ($0.48) earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating the consensus estimate of ($0.80) by $0.32. The company had revenue of $960.80 million for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $934.84 million. Wayfair had a negative net margin of 5.84% and a negative return on equity of 215.36%. The company’s revenue for the quarter was up 28.6% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter last year, the firm earned ($0.36) EPS. Equities research analysts anticipate that Wayfair Inc. will post ($1.56) earnings per share for the current fiscal year. 
TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: “James Savarese Sells 29,482 Shares of Wayfair Inc. (NYSE:W) Stock” was first posted by BNB Daily and is owned by of BNB Daily. If you are reading this article on another publication, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of US & international copyright laws. The original version of this article can be viewed at https://www.baseball-news-blog.com/2017/07/26/james-savarese-sells-29482-shares-of-wayfair-inc-nysew-stock.html. 
Hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently added to or reduced their stakes in the company. First Personal Financial Services raised its position in Wayfair by 15.1% in the first quarter. First Personal Financial Services now owns 2,475 shares of the company’s stock valued at $100,000 after buying an additional 325 shares during the last quarter. UBS Group AG raised its position in Wayfair by 55.5% in the first quarter. UBS Group AG now owns 2,690 shares of the company’s stock valued at $109,000 after buying an additional 960 shares during the last quarter. Ameritas Investment Partners Inc. purchased a new position in Wayfair during the first quarter valued at $110,000. Mitsubishi UFJ Kokusai Asset Management Co. Ltd. raised its position in Wayfair by 9.6% in the first quarter. Mitsubishi UFJ Kokusai Asset Management Co. Ltd. now owns 2,820 shares of the company’s stock valued at $114,000 after buying an additional 247 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Aperio Group LLC purchased a new position in Wayfair during the second quarter valued at $217,000. 
W has been the subject of a number of analyst reports. Zacks Investment Research raised shares of Wayfair from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $50.00 target price for the company in a research note on Thursday, April 27th. Bank of America Corporation raised shares of Wayfair from a “neutral” rating to a “buy” rating and boosted their target price for the company from $44.00 to $75.00 in a research note on Tuesday, May 9th. Oppenheimer Holdings, Inc. raised shares of Wayfair from a “market perform” rating to an “outperform” rating and set a $80.00 target price for the company in a research note on Friday, June 2nd. Gordon Haskett lowered shares of Wayfair from a “buy” rating to an “accumulate” rating and boosted their target price for the company from $70.00 to $85.00 in a research note on Tuesday, June 27th. Finally, Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (The) boosted their target price on shares of Wayfair from $37.00 to $55.00 and gave the company a “neutral” rating in a research note on Wednesday, May 10th. Eleven investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating, nine have issued a buy rating and one has given a strong buy rating to the company’s stock. Wayfair has an average rating of “Buy” and an average target price of $61.03.
Wayfair Company Profile
Wayfair Inc (Wayfair) offers browsing, merchandising and product discovery for a range of products from various suppliers. The Company operates through two segments: U.S. and International. The U.S. segment consists of amounts earned through product sales through the Company’s five sites in the United States and through sites operated by third parties in the United States. 

 
Receive News & Ratings for Wayfair Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Wayfair Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 





















Latest News




Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name (Required) 



Mail (will not be published) (Required) 



Website






 




























    James Savarese | Wayfair Inc. | ZoomInfo.com

Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














James Savarese: Executive Profile & Biography - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 2:04 PM ET
Internet and Direct Marketing Retail

Company Overview of Wayfair Inc.



SnapshotPeople 




OverviewBoard MembersCommittees



Executive Profile
James   Savarese  Chief Operating Officer, Wayfair Inc.AgeTotal Calculated CompensationThis person is connected to 0 Board Members in 0 different organizations across 2 different industries.51$4,307,750As of Fiscal Year 2016
Background

		Mr. James Savarese serves as Chief Operating Officer of ZIZO Home Pty Ltd. Mr. Savarese has been Chief Operating Officer at Wayfair Inc. (alternative name Wayfair LLC) since February 2014 and served as its Senior Vice President of Operations until February 2014. He oversees Wayfair's key operations worldwide and is responsible for sales, customer service, product merchandising and production, logistics and supply chain, offshore operations and third-party partner revenue ... programs. Mr. Savarese joined Wayfair in 2008 and was responsible for supply chain, sales & customer service and merchandise operations functions. He spent 7 years at Arrowstream. As a founding member, Mr. Savarese held several positions, including Senior Vice President of Products & Services, where he was responsible client services, product management, data management and engineering groups. Prior to Arrowstream, he was a Client Partner at iXL. He spent 3 years as a management and economic consultant with PA Consulting Group. He spent 6 years in London and Boston as a management consultant in the Supply Chain Group of Deloitte Consulting. Mr. Savarese has a BA from Dartmouth College and an MBA from The University of Chicago.Read Full Background




Corporate Headquarters
4 Copley PlaceBoston, Massachusetts 02116United StatesPhone: 617-532-6100Fax: --
Board Members Memberships
				There is no Board Members Memberships data available.
				Education
MBA The University of ChicagoBA Dartmouth College
Other Affiliations
The University of ChicagoDartmouth CollegeZIZO Home Pty Ltd


Annual Compensation
Salary$200,000Bonus$50,000Total Annual Compensation$250,000
Stocks Options
Restricted Stock Awards$4,047,000All Other Compensation$10,750
Total Compensation
Total Annual Cash Compensation$260,750Total Short Term Compensation$250,000Other Long Term Compensation$4,057,750Total Calculated Compensation$4,307,750




Request Profile Update
















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



COMPETITOR COMPENSATIONNamePosition/CompanyCompensationKurt L. Darrow Chairman, President & CEOLa-Z-Boy Incorporated$960.3KLaura J. Alber CEO, President & DirectorWilliams-Sonoma, Inc.$1.4MGregory A. Sandfort Chief Executive Officer and DirectorTractor Supply Company$1.0MStephen G. Wetmore CAChief Executive Officer, President and Non-Independent DirectorCanadian Tire Corporation, Limited$596.2KRich  Williams Chief Executive Officer and DirectorGroupon, Inc.$840.0KCompensation as of Fiscal Year 2017.










Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Wayfair Inc., please visit .  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close





























Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft









 -  James Michael  (Jim) Savarese- Corporate Corruption of Science              ABOUT          CONTACT      CONTRIBUTION      OVERVIEW        TUTORIALS    LEGAL/COPYRIGHT  A | B | C | D | E | F | G | H | I | J | K | L | M | N | O | P | Q | R | S | T | U | V | W | X | Y | Z |   &nbsp Dates  CREATED 8/1/2011WARNING:This site deals only with the corporate corruption of science, and makes no inference about the motives or activities of individuals involved.      There are many reasons why individuals become embroiled in corporate corruption activities - from political zealotry to over-enthusiastic activism; from gullibility to greed.     Please read the OVERVIEW carefully, and make up your own mind. TOBACCO INDUSTRY EXPLANATORY• ABBREVIATIONS• JARGON• SPIN-MEISTERS• INITIALS• FIRST & NICKNAMES• Misc.RESEARCH HELP  RELEVANT LINKS•  James Savarese •  Robert Tollison •  Anna Tollison •  Richard Wagner •  James C Miller III •  economists networks •  Carol M Robert •  Elizabeth A Masaitis •  Com. on Tax & Economic Growth •  Harold Hochman •  Fred McChesney •  Thomas Borcherding  •  Delores T Martin  •  Dennis Dyer  •  George Minshew •  Ctr.Study Pub.Choice •  James Buchanan •  William Prendergast •   Bill Orzechowski CASH-FOR-COMMENTNETWORK MEMBERS  •  Dominick Armentano •  Burton A Abrams •  Lee Alston •  Ryan C Amacher •  Gary Anderson •  Lee Anderson •  William Anderson •  Terry Anderson •  Roger Arnold •  Richard W Ault •  Michael Babcock •  Joe A Bell •  Bruce L Benson •  Jean J  Boddewyn •  Peter Boettke •  Thomas Borcherding •  William J Boyes •  Charles Breeden •  Lawrence Brunner •  Henry N Butler •  Bill Bryan •  Cecil Bohanon •  Morris Coates •  Roger Congleton •  Jeffrey R Clark •  Michael Crew •  Allan Dalton •  John David •  Michael Davis •  Arthur T Denzau •  Clifford Dobitz •  John Dobra •  Randall Eberts •  Robert B Ekelund •  Roger L Faith •  David Fand •  Susan Feigenbaum •  Clifford Fry •  Lowell Gallaway •  Celeste Gaspari •  David ER Gay •  Kenneth V Greene •  Kevin B Grier •  Brian Goff •  Sherman Hanna •  Anne Harper-Fender •  Kathy Hayes •  Dennis Hein •  James Heins •  Robert Higgs •  F Steb Hipple •  Harold M Hochman •  George E Hoffer •  John Howe •  William Hunter •  Stephen Huxley •  John D Jackson •  Joseph M Jadlow •  Cecil Johnson •  Samson Kimenyi •  David Klingaman •  Michael Kurth •  David Laband •  Suuner Lacroix •  Dwight R Lee •  Dennis Logue •  C. Matt Lindsay •  Donald P Lyden •  Craig MacPhee •   Mike Maloney •  Delores Martin •  Chuck Mason •  Charles Maurice •  Fred McChesney •  James E McClure •  William McEachern •  Richard McKenzie  •  Robert McMahon •  Arthur Mead •  Paul L Menchik •  John F Militello •  William C Mitchell •  Greg Neihaus •  Allen Parkman •  Mark Pauly •  William Peterson •  Harlan Platt •  Michael D Pratt •  Thomas Pogue •  Barry W Poulson •  Edward  Price •  Robert Pulsinelli •  Raymond Raab •  Roger  Riefler •  Terry Ridgeway •  Mario Rizzo •  Morgan Reynolds •  Simon Rottenberg •  Randy Rucker •  Richard Saba •  Todd Sandler •  David Saurman •  Mark Schmitz •  Robert Sexton •  William Shughart •  Robert J Staaf •  Thomas Stimson •  Wendell Sweetser •  Mark Thornton •  Mark Toma •  David G Tuerck •  Richard Vedder •  Bruce Vermeullen •  Richard Wagner •  J Keith Watson •  Burton Weisbrod •  Walter E Williams •  Thomas L Wyrick •  Bruce Yandle •  Boon Yoon •  Richard D Zerbe       OPINION ONLY James Michael  (Jim) Savarese       (James Savarese & Associates - )  — A life-long American tobacco industry lobbyist with labour/union and economic connections.  He set up and ran some of the industry's main cash-for-comments networks, including the Tollison economists' network. —    In 1981 Jim Savarese established his economic consulting firm (with the same name) with headquarters in Washington DC.  A few years later he was claiming to have associates at major universities in more than 40 States who could become available to the tobacco industry to make statements in support of smoking.   He also had strong labor union connections.  Some key documents • Note that Savarese was used by the Tobacco Institute in Stockholm       [See also John Savarese].         1946 /E:    Born     1969–72:  , he was an assistant economics professor at Virginia Commonwealth University in Richmond.      1972:   - 1981  James Savarese was initially employed by the  American Federation of State, County and Municipal Employees (AFSCME) which was one of the largest organizations in the AFL-CIO.        1980 Jan 24:   Tobacco Insitute memo from Paul Knopick.   Diane Savarese, who has written freelance articles for the Washington Star asked about doing the same for TTO. [The Tobacco Observer newsletter] We'd be happy to have her submit an article now and again — with the understanding that the work is not done on TI time.        1980 Jan 28:   Dianne Savarese is listed as an attendee at the Feb 1980 TI's  "College of Tobacco Knowledge"  She may have been a relative — but was probably not his wife or sister.        1981:   Founded James Savarese & Associates.      1982 Feb:  Economic Impact of Expanding Smoking Prohibitions in Mongomery County.  Prepared by: James Savarese and Associates, Inc.     1982 Feb:   [See 1983 Sep 21 Tobacco Institute Draft Communications Plan] Reference to:      "Economic Impact of Expanding Smoking Prohibitions in Montgomery County" by James Savarese and Associates, Inc.;    "A Survey of Opinions toward a Proposed Smoking Ordinance in Montgomery County" prepared by Hamilton and Staff forJames Savarese and Associates;        1982 Feb:   The company  James Savarese & Associates Inc, has prepared a report on the "Economic Impact of Smoking Prohibiiton in Mongomery County" for the Tobacco Institute.  It is 71 pages long, and contains all the finger-to-the-breeze assumptions that economists love to present as facts.  [Of course it emphasises the additional costs of bans, and ignores any potential benefit (health, fires, cleaning bills, pollution costs.] The cost of producing and displaying "No Smoking" signs appears to be a primary consideration ... to the point of an obsession ... while the hourly cost of wages by those in need of a smoking break is estimated at $10.6 million in this one county alone.  [ Savarese manages to come up with some impressive tables which are almost totally irrelevant using Theodore Sterling's calculations!.]      1982 Dec 22:   Mike Kerrigan at the Tobacco Institute see difficulties ahead for the tobacco industry with the New York Legislature in 1983. He wants to recruit two 'lobbyists'  James Saverese and Joe Kilgallon for the "Bootlegging project".  [Spreading claims that increases in cigarette excises will result in smuggling and loss of state income.]       He is going to invite them to lunch tomorrow with Jack Kelly (TI) and lawyer John Rupp of Covington & Burling.  I believe The Tobacco Institute should take the necessary steps to deeply involve Jim and Joe to assist us in our New York legislative efforts in 1983. I think you will agree that they both can materially improve our chances of success.        1983 Feb:   Report on New York State Finances : The Cigarette Tax, by  James Savarese & Associates, February 1583.     1983 Feb 8:   A Press Release put out in March for the  Council of Labor Union Women (CLUW) (on abortion) by Ogilvy Adams & Rinehart [who work for the Tobacco Institute], provides as listed contacts, James Carey, Leslie Dawson, Martin Gleason, and James Savarese. [either James Savarese & Associates, or the Tobacco Institute],       1983 Apr 21:   Trish Milita's associate at Ogilvy & Mather PR, Marcia Silverman, writes to Peter Sparber at the Tobacco Institute.  In an effort to create organized labor opposition to certain workplace smoking restrictions, Ogilvy & Mather has targeted several unions for initial contacts and discussions on the issue.          These unions have been selected on the basis of the industries they have organized, the size and potential growth of their membership, their clout within the labor movement and their political strength. Brief descriptions of eight of these unions follow:   Among the list was the  American Federation of State, County and Municipal Employees (AFSCME) which was one of the largest organizations in the AFL-CIO.  It was also the union which employed  James M Savarese, who was to join both O&MPR on the TI account, and also run the Tobacco Institute's labor and economists projects.          [There is no mention of Savarese in this memo, however]      1983 July 29:   Ogilvy & Mather's bill to the Tobacco Institute for July 1983 contains a $900 charge for James Savarese (10 hrs at $90 ph).  The others are only listed by their O&M titles, so Savarese was obviously an outside contractor to O&M.      1983 Sep 21:   Tobacco Institute Draft Communications Plan      1984 Feb 16:   Draft outline of the book to be derived from  Smoking and Society conference (June 1984 New York) and edited by  Robert D Tollison.  It will have chapters written by various experts, and the international tobacco lobby group INFOTAB is to distribute the book.      The Incidence of Taxes on Smoking (Savarese/Shughart)  Smoking is a heavily taxed activity. In general, the burden of the tax is shared by consumers (in the form of higher prices), producers of tobacco products (in the form of reduced profits) and tobacco farmers (in the form of lower rents).           This section contains an evaluation of tax equity, including a consideration of how the burden is distributed among these three groups. The analysis utilizes US data as well as data from several other countries around the world.            The paper presents evidence that taxes on smoking are regressive, ie, that excise taxes on cigarettes fall more heavily on low-income consumers.     [Both Tollison and Shughart are core-nmembers of the cash-for-comments economists network.  Tollison becomes the main organiser along with Savarese.]   1984 Apr 30:   The Tobacco Institute's Cigarette Exercise Tax Plan (DRAFT) shows that they are disillusioned with President Reagan because, after the deregulatory fiascos of his first term, he was now leaning more towards the use of excise taxes to offset some of the income tax reductions given to the wealthy — resulting in a fast-growing deficit which had now reached $200 billion.   Outlook for 1985  Once the elections are over, it is almost certain that the new Congress will consider a significant tax increase. Since an enormous amount of revenue is needed to balance the federal budget, it will be very difficult to keep federal cigarette excises out of a final tax package.   Earmarking of cigarette excises for Medicare was being suggested. The various state excises were also under consideration.         They also suggest the hiring in each state:  Economic Consultants  One public finance economist for 10 days @ $1,000  including meetings with coalition members and/or the Governor's staff; research and preparation; and testimony.  TOTAL $10,000One economist for a union workshop on the tax issue, including 3 or 4 training sessions over the course of a convention.   TOTAL $5,000  Six economists @ $5,000 and one senior economist @ $20,000 for a tax symposium, including publishing of the proceedings at $3,000. The senior economist would play an oversight/organizational role and would be responsible for editing the proceedings. Such a symposium would be staged for regional or national impact.   TOTAL $53,000  One economist provided to a public employee union to do original research on the need for adequate services to be funded by broad-based taxes; this would include the final report and testimony.  TOTAL $25,000   It also had draft copy and designs for a couple of different booklets aimed at different states, and others aimed at labor/union and racial groups, and it identifies the Congress Committeemen and state Assembleymen who should be targetted as most likely to be influenced, adding an appendix which lists economists who could be enlisted to help.       Potential Economic Consultants      Following is a list of economists in key states who might assist us as consultants. We have begun contacting them to ensure their willingness and expertise. We are asking each about past experience; work with similar issues; previous work with the industry; published articles or research; and speaking availability.       As discussed in the body of this program, our intent is to have a group of individuals who we can call upon regularly to testify, conduct special research projects, and discuss their research and/or views on excise taxes with the media.    California,  Thomas Borsherding, Claremont College         Connecticut,  William McEachern, University of Washington        Florida,  Richard Wagner, Florida State University        Georgia,  Fred McChesney, Emory University Law School        Illinois,  James Heins, University of Illinois        Massachusetts,  Harlan Platt, Northeastern University        Minnesota,  Thomas Stimson, University of Minnesota (St. Paul Campus)        New York,  Harold Hochman, City University of New York        Ohio,  David Klingaman, Ohio University        Pennsylvania,  Mark Pauly, University of Pennsylvania        Texas,  Charles Maurice, Texas A&M University        Washington,  Yoram Barazel, University of Washington       Washington, D.C.  Robert D. Tollison, George Mason University        Wisconsin,  Burton Weisbrod, University of Wisconsin       Tollison is the most influential and prestigious on this list; he would be hired to consult on federal tax situations and to oversee efforts of the others throughout the country.  See last page    Yoram Barazel is the only name on this list who appears to have resisted the Institute's overtures.   1984 Oct:    James M. Savarese (public finance economist and labor relations specialist) President, James Savarese & Associates  is the author of  Free to Smoke.         1984 Oct:   William Shughart and  James Savarese have jointly presented a "Revised Draft, Not for Quotation without Permission" document on "The Incidence of Taxes on Tobacco" — which has found its way into Brown & Williamson files.          After 36 pages it concludes, rather tamely, that   Given that smokers as a group appear to have lower permanent incomes than the population as a whole, any per unit or excise tax on them will generally be regressive.        1985 Jan At roughly this time the cash-for-comments economists network was being set up by Robert Tollison (using his Center for the Study of Public Choice) with James Savarese & Associates (he was already functioning independently of Ogilvy & Mather).  The split agreement appears to have been that O&M would continue to handle ordinance hearings and speaking engagements, while Tollison and Savarese would control the network of economists.    1984 Oct 31:    [In the 447 page Final Opinion in the case USA and others vs Philip Morris et al]  During 1984, the Tobacco Institute paid $70,000 for one half the cost of a monograph commissioned by INFOTAB, edited by Robert Tollison, Professor of Economics at Virginia's George Mason University, titled "Smoking in Society."  It was planned to enlist many known tobacco-friendly academics to write chapters.   Hans Eysenck, University of London  Charles D Spielberger, Uni of Southern Florida  Domingo Aviado, Atmospheric Health Sciences  Sherwin J Feinhandler, Social Systems Analysts  Douglas Den Uyl, Bellarmine College  William Shughart II, Clemson University  Peter Berger, Boston University  Ingo Walters, New York University  Stephen Littlechild, Uni of Birmingham,  James Savarese [Later Tollison's partner]  Jean Boddewyn, Baruch College, CUNY  James Buchanan, George Mason University.   Tobacco Institute Memo        Tollison's Project Outline      Final Court Opinion page 297         1985 Feb 21:   Susan Stuntz, the Issues Manager at the Tobacco Institute is sending some tobacco-related material on Florida workplace smoking bans to:    James Saverese. who was working at Ogilvy & Mather at this time (as a contractor)    Bob Tollison Center for the Study of Public Policy at George Mason University        William Shughart, Department of Economics, Clemson University       1985 Mar 20:   -23 [Doc date Dec 18 84] Ogilvy & Mather have set up speaking engagements at seminars for some of the industry's cash-for-comments economists under the auspices of the Southwestern Social Science Association and the Eastern Economic Association.   Jim Savarese of O&M writes to  Trish Milita (copied to the Tobacco Institute):    Re: Economic Forums:  Attached are the panel sessions that were accepted by both the Southwestern Social Science Associations and the Eastern Economic Association in March 1985. These are very strong academic panels and add a great deal of depth to our list of consultants for future use. I know all of these individuals personally except for  Henry Butler who is a friend of  Bob Tollison's at Texas A&M. They all understand their mission and will be submitting papers for us to review well in advance of the meetings.     The  SouthWestern Social Science Association seminar run by O&M in Houston (Mar 20) was on "Taxation and Social Process.  It had  Robert Ekelund in the chair, and papers by  Henry N Butler, Joseph M Jadlow and  Richard E Wagner.  Keith Watson was a discussant.       The  Eastern Economic Association seminar, run by O&M in Pittsburgh (Mar 21) was on "Perspecives on Tax Reform". It had  Robert Tollison in the chair, and papers by  William Shughart, Gary Anderson, and a joint paper by John Bowman/Michael Pratt.  The discussant was George Hoffer.   [Note: All of the speakers here were employed by the tobacco industry through the Savarese-Tollison economists network to promote the industry's Social Cost and Taxation agenda.]      1986 Mar 11:   Bill Kloepfer, the Vice President in charge of Public Relations at the Tobacco Institute send a memo to President Sam Chilcote on  "Consultant Economists' Tax Issue Advice."  He says:   As you suggested, I met March 5 in a hotel room with five economists to discuss approaches by the industry to tax issues.  Pete Sparber participated. Attending were:       James Savarese, Ogilvy & Mather    Dennis Logue, Dartmouth       Dolores Martin, University of Nebraska       Dwight Lee, University of Georgia      Henry Butler, University of Chicago  The advice we received was to consider carefully any earmarking proposals, perhaps accepting those which present a coalition probability and protesting those which do not.                The effect of price, including excises, on cigarette demand apparently is usually measured on an immediate basis. Most economists evidently find the demand for cigarettes to be relatively inelastic.            While the so-called social costs issue affects public policy in many ways, it was recognized as one of the incentives for increased cigarette taxes. The group recognized the 1985 Office of Technologic Assessment memorandum as a landmark and its members indicated they would welcome an opportunity to study it as a basis for proposing research projects which could mitigate its unwarrented effects.       They understand that The Institute does not have an economic research budget per se, but that we would welcome any suggestions which we might consider on their merits.                The discussion lasted for about five hours. It was quite worthwhile. We should take appropriate steps internally now to consider the major points which emerged.        1986 June:   /E A Tobacco Institute list of  "Schedule of Payments - Excise Tax Op-Ed project." (April-May 1986) This lists those academic economists who have already planted their article on a local newspaper, and the amount they are to be paid.           They appear to have been paid $900 for each article, and $1025 if they had also made contact with their local Congressman.  However a number of the cash-for-comments network members still have not completed their commission.         The  George Mason (Uni) production staff of  Bob Tollison, Bill Shughart, and  Gary Anderson were paid for  "rewrites, editing and research, 18 articles", and  Carol Robert for the "production of final product. " A total of $18,000 + $1067 expenses [or $1000 per article to make them into saleable propaganda for their local newspapers]  See          A month or so later the GMU production staff were also being paid $9,500 for rewrites, editing and research on 9 additional articles, while Savarese seems to have been charging $5,800 + $235 in expenses for recruiting replacement economists in California, Montana, New York, Ohio and Tennessee.      1986 June 11:   Peter Sparber at the Tobacco Institute memoes Fred Panzer, his boss enclosing a number of Congressional statements.[Days after they were given]Enclosed are statements prepared for various Congressional hearings on the tax issue that specifically comment on earmarking to some degree.             These statements are by:         Henry Butler of Texas A&M,        William Shughart and  Dwight Lee of George Mason submitted to Ways & Means, June 20, 1985;        Bob Tollison of George Mason for the Chafee subcommittee on September 10, 1985;        Randy Rucker of North Carolina State on the Rose bill on July 18, 1985; and        CM Lindsay of Clemson for hearings on the Stark bill which never were held.        I've asked Jim Savarese, who provided these papers, to begin working on copy that could serve as the text for multipurpose anti-earmarking publications.       1986 Dec 11:  James Savarese sends Fred Panzer at the Tobacco Institute a summary of the activities of his network of economists.  This is effectively a record of the first year of operations of the main cash-for-comments economists network. Dear Fred,      I have attached a list of all the economists we have used along with the projects they have worked on in behalf of the Tobacco Institute. There are now 62 names on the list (Some states have 4 or 5) not counting himself and Bob Tollison. The details given for each consist of State, Regional Division [of the TI], Name, Address and Telephone number. Added to this is a list of the 'Projects' they have completed (in later lists, also the names of Congressmen they have contacted.)          Virtually all of these cash-for-comment academics have been generating op-ed articles for newspapers, or have, in some unspecified way, opposed the Packwood Excise Tax plan — or perhaps helped fake up one of the  'Chase' [Econometrics studies]. A few participants have attended Congressional or government inquiries ['Treasury I') or local ordinance hearings as 'independent witnesses' while secretly acting for the tobacco industry. Two of the 64 members (Ann Harper-Fender and Gary Anderson) were acting termporarily as advisors to Ronald Reagan's Advisory Council on Intergovernmental Relations— which sought to bring pressure on the FDA, EPA and OSHA and stop them being pro-active with smoking bans.         Other participants have been promoting the industry line at various academic conferences and fora [mainly as keynote speakers at economic society meetings] , and a few of the core-team were involved in brianstorming sessions with members of the tobacco industry looking for new angles for their PR, and for possible research project which might generate some economic propaganda for the industry.          Many of them have joined in with the industry's orchestrated letter-writing campaigns opposing workplace smoking bans.     GSA = General (Government) Services Administration.   'Ways & Means' = Congressional committee on finances    ALEC = American Legislative Exchange Council (a formalised way for big business to directly influence Congressional and State politicians) Chase Econometrics = A company that did economic impact studies for the tobacco industry in various locations to 'prove' that smoking bans would destroy local economies.          The reference for Savarese was:  [Tobacco Industry Contractor] James M. Savarese Savarese and Associates, 1901 L Street NW, Suite 320, Washington, DC 20036, 202-466-7590  Services rendered: testimony: taxes - Maryland and Ohio  smoking restrictions     New York City (2 times)   New York [State]   Maryland,  Montgomery County  economic impact studies:     New York State   Vermont   Military Commissaries   Montgomery Co., Maryland   Maine  Pennsylvania   New Jersey  [Congress] H.R. 4488   Suffolk County   Massachusetts   U.S. Government Buildings   City of Philadelphia        1987 Jan 6:   James Savarese sends his OLD list of legal academics along to  Fred Panzer at the Tobacco Institute.  [This is the 1986 list with the same comments and notes about lunch, etc.]]       Panzar is now running an op-ed writing project which requires academic law professors to give it some credibility. Savarese's attached bill shows that these academic lawyers price their writing at $1000 per editorial. [less Savarese's cut]       1987  Feb 6:  Jim Savarese, Bob Tollison and Henry Butler write to "Participants in advertising op-ed project"[the academic economists on the Tollison/Savarese list].     We are finally ready to get this first op-ed project off the ground. I am asking you to review the attached materials and write an editorial for a major newspaper in your state. This article should support the basic right to advertise legal products and oppose attempts to restrict advertising either by outright bans or by punitive use of the tax code.            Obviously, the point of this exercise is to support tobacco's right to advertise on basic constitutional grounds. Arguments which touch on issues such as censorship, cutting off the free flow of information, and even the experiences in other countries with such bans might be useful.            Upon completion of a draft op-ed, please send it to me immediately via Federal Express. I will go over the article and return it to you for submission to a newspaper. At that time you will be given some guidelines for submitting your editorial to a newspaper and an appropriate newspaper in your state.            If you have any questions, please feel free to call Anna Tollison, Jim Savarese, or Linda Prichett at 202-466-7590. You can also direct any technical questions to Bob Tollison at 703- [323-3771]  or Henry Butler at 703-841-2665.  [Note this letter gives us a detailed account of how the op-ed system worked, and how much these "independent" academics were expected to conform to tobacco industry control in return for their generous payments.           Note also, that this is directed to new academic economists.  The letter below, appears to have been for the established cash-for-comment academics. ]      1987 Feb 6:   [Same day as above] a letter to "Economists" from Jim Savarese, Bob Tollison and Dwight Lee [Note, not Henry Butler here] Re" Excise Tax Op-ed" says:   We have received our first op-ed project of 1987 and for many of you it is a familiar one. The issue once again is opposition from any and all reasonable angles to an increase in cigarette excise taxes.            We are attaching some materials which may be of help in formulating your argument and generating relevant data. Some of the more salient points are listed below:   [This list gives figures, promotes the regressive nature of such taxes, and requests "earmark" arguments against the use of excises to fund Medicare, health care, environmental protection.]  It is important that we generate a generalized opposition to the principle of earmarking revenues.            Upon completion of a draft op-ed, please send it to me immediately via Federal Express. I will go over the article and return it to you for submission to a newspaper. At that time you will be given some guidelines for submitting your editorial to a newspaper and an appropriate newspaper in your state.            If you have any questions, please feel free to call  Anna Tollison, Jim Savarese, or  Linda Pritchett at 202-466-7590. You can also direct any technical questions to  Bob Tollison at 703- [323-3771]  or  Dwight Lee at 404-542-1311.        1987 March 11:   Susan Stuntz to  Peter Sparber at the Tobacco Institute.  Jim Savarese finally was able to make contact with his friend  Peter Trask, director of the Aviation Safety and Health Assn.. in Honolulu. By way of reminder, ASHA has testified at several cabin air quality hearings, urging lawmakers to focus on the ventilation problem rather than banning smoking.         Trask is an attorney and former staffer for Sen. Dan Inouye; he wrote the legislation that resulted in the NAS cabin air quality study. His message is at complete odds with the airlines, however, he appears to have the facts and the slides on aircraft ventilation that Gray Robertson has on building ventilation.        1987 Apr 15:   Chip Foley (at TI) on a Ventilation Project to promote  Gray Robertson [ACVA/HBI] and Sick Building Syndrome.           Others involved were Peter Sparber, Susan Stuntz, Bill Cannell, Walter Woodson, Scott Stapf, Katherine Becker (State Activities), Rich Marcus (Ogilvy & Mather), Dennis Dyer, Ron Morris, John Kelly, Mike Brozek, Ric Scanlan and Jim Savarese          1987 May:   The Tobacco Insititute has the books on the Economists Network audited. They find problems with the James Savarese/Robert Tollison partnership which was running the economists cash-for-comments scam.  They obviously didn't like what they found. As a result:       • James Savarese & Associates was placed under a formal contract       • The Tobacco Institute's regional directors made contact with all the compliant economists in their region and prepared a formal recommendation for the TI to retain them.   width=313.5]  height=1> See example Region VIII      1987 May 18:   The same day as the [above] audit report,  James Savarese & Associates were placed under contract with the Tobacco Institute for two years. There is nothing unusual in the contract except that:       The Tobacco Institute wanted approval rights over all staff.      They attached a list of billing rates for various staff and services.      Approval was now with TI's "Vice President for Issues Management." [ Susan Stuntz]      Robert Tollison was formally recognised as a primary subcontractor of James Savarese & Associates, to be paid at $100 per hour.      Leslie Dawson, Savarese's full-time employee, was paid at $95 per hour.      William F Shughart, EA Massitis, Anna Tollison and  Carol Robert were approved subcontractors paid at unspecified amounts.      There is no suggestion of the Tobacco Institute paying contract academics direct (as per auditor recommendations).      1987 May 18:   The Tobacco Institute had James Savarese & Associates's accounts audited because of "possible improprieties noted during the examination of the initial two-month period."  The auditor found that:        It was a one-employee operation - Savarese billed at a rate of $150 per hour, or approximately $300,000 a year.      He only keeps rough accounts and has no contract with the Tobacco Institute.      He marks up the conveyed cost of all subcontracters by varying amounts up to 100%.      Often the name of the subcontractor is not disclosed or [their existence]  establishable ... because of concerns that disclosure of their remuneration by the Tobacco Indsitute could harm the credibility of the work they produce."   The examination of the books revealed to the auditor that:      The inital "Economic Impact" research was done by  Robert and Anna Tollison, with help from  William F Shughart, and  EA Masaitis.      The Economists list was put thogether by  Robert and Anna Tollison, with help from  Carol Roberts and  DRL Inc.      A so-called "Prohibiiton Video project" done by  Mary Claire Sanders (charge at $300 per week — totally $4,700) seems to have been a hidden supplementary payment made under directions of senior staff at the Tobacco Insitute. Ms Saunders was employed by the TI through a temporary employment services to work with the TI on Federal Relations.  Recommendations:   That "independent consultants and subcontractors working under Savarese's direction, bill to, and be paid directly, by The Institute unless there is an important business reason to do otherwise. "   [There is no record that economist-contractors were paid directly, so the TI must have found "important business reasons to do otherwise."]      1987 Sept 1:   Jim Savarese is back in the Tobacco Institute fold. Susan Stunts wites to him outlining eight projects she wants to work on in the following months.     AFL-CIO meeting in Florida    John Lyons will be her backup on the Labor Management Committee    Ray Scannell to advise on when to run the Surgeon-General ETS ad.    Ogilvy & Mather's marketing plan for National Energy Management Institute (NEMI)    Survey of smoker's attitudes towards the hospitality industry (HF&S)    Airline smoking hearings   Tollison double payment   CIAR and PASS research program (briefcase monitoring) Need a backup lab.       1987 Nov 1:   - 4 The Tobacco Institute's annual  Government Relations Seminar.  This is a winter knee's-up where the various State Representatives get to bring their wives for three days of wining and dining with the Washington TI staff.  It is held at the Ritz-Carlton [and Hilton Beach Hotel], Lugana Baach, California.    David and Karen Weeks (affiliation given as IAPAG) are special guests.      Robert Tollison is a keynote speaker    Gray Robertson is another keynote speakers. Anne Roberson is a guest.     James Savarese is also a speaker — this is his biog.   James M Savarese is president of  James Savarese & Associates, an economic consulting firm headquartered in Washington, DC, with associates at major universities in more than 40 states. The company was founded In 1981.          Savarese has produced economic studies and provided economic experts to testify in dozens of legislative settings at all levels of government.          From 1972-81, Savarese served in several important capacities with the American Federation of State, County and Municipal Employees (AFSCME), one of the largest unions In the AFL-CIO.       1988 Dec 1:   James Savarese writes to  Susan Stuntz at the Tobacco Institute reporting on his activites during November ( both for himself and his employee, Leslie Dawson). His consultancy is also now specialising in co-opting labor and economists, and countering the next Surgeon General's report.      met with officials of the  Economic Policy Institute (EPI) to discuss tax strategy.       continued discussion with  Coalition of Labor Union Women (CLUW) re national convention       continued work with  National Energy Management Institute (NEMI) on development of training program and brochure.       meetings with  Citizens for Tax Justice, Leadership for the New Century, Citizens for Tax Justice, National Economic Commission.       on the task force for  Airline Cabin Air Quality (weekly meetings/ writing op-eds)  He also lists successes he has had with getting economists to plant op-eds on various local newspapers.   His and Tollison's network of economists has generated numerous reviews of the  Tollison/Wagner book "Smoking and the State," which the Tobacco Institute has funded and now wants to be widely circulated.     Prof David Saurman - op-ed on Prop 99 with San Jose Mercury News   Prof Ryan Amacher (Clemson Uni) in The State.   Joseph Jadlow (Oklahoma State Uni) in Tulsa Tribune.   Todd Sandler (Iowa State Uni) in Fort Dodge Messenger.   Robert B Ekelund (Auburn Uni) Montgomery Advertiser.   Dwight R Lee (Washington Uni) Regulation Magazine.   Samson Kimenyi (Uni of Mississippi) in Jackson Clarion ledger.   David ER Gay (Uni of Arkansas) in Arkansas Democrat.       Also attached are his company accounts ($114,589) for the Tobacco Industry Labor Management Committee disbursement.       1989:     Savarese & Associates  Economist [92761043]    Scientific Witnesses for IAQ         1989 /E:    Founder & President of James Savarese & Associates        1989 Jan:   The James Savarese & Associates consultancy now had four employees.  Leslie Dawson, J Moeller, L Payne, and himself.         1989 Jan 4:    The Tobacco Institute's James Savarese was responsible for attempts to co-opt both genuine and pseudo/astroturf type operations.  He has been making contact with these organizations in order to construct some sort of collaborative effort,  At this time the tobacco and chemical industries were still trying to lay blame for health problems on each other.  Savarese's report says:    Citizens for Tax Justice: met regularly with CTJ officials to discuss Congressional excise tax strategy       National Energy Management Institute: continued to work with NEMI on development of training program and brochure         National Toxics Campaign: met with officials of the National Toxics Campaign regarding possible coalition work.      Council on Competitiveness: coordinated plan in response to release of [Dan Quayle's] Council on Competitiveness report.        [Note: The NTC appears to have been a genuine organisation which was being conned into assisting he tobacco industry's propsaganda efforts. The Council on Competitveness was in the mire, up to its neck.]          1989 Jan 11:   Carol Hrycaj at the Tobacco Institute writes to Debby Schoonmaker on the "Promotion of Economic Conference Papers." Of the six papers presented during those sessions, only two that were discussed at the Western meeting may be suitable for public consumption: Lee's paper, "The Economics and Politics of Tax Earmarking;'1 and Wagner's paper, "Fiscal Norms, Fiscal Practice and Tax Earmarking."          Paul W. Wilson, Thomas E. Brocherding and Bruce Yandle also submitted papers; their relationship with our consultants is unclear. Regardless, the Wilson, Brocherding and Yandle papers are technical treatments of the subject matter and would be difficult to repackage for the general public.       1989 Oct 4:   Chuck Lister from Covington & Burling criticises the "Dunkley video treatments" [one video was being made on  Environmental Tobacco Smoke (ETS) and another on  Indoor Air Quality (IAQ)].  He suggests that they use the McGill [University industry-controlled ETS] conference as a source of material.         ETS: As to other scientists; is there merit in filming at Montreal on 3-4 November, where 40 or 50 of our people will be opining on this very subject?  It is far, but it is also a unique chance to get everyone in one place at one time.   [The Montreal McGill conference, set up by Philip Morris, was totally loaded with tobacco-friendly scientists.]   IAQ. I also like this one. [Gray] Robertson is certainly key, and [Larry] Holcomb could be good. [Theodor] Sterling is quite possible, although busy and located in Canada. He will probably not be in Montreal for the meeting noted above.             Another possibility is an American with labour connections ( Jim Savarese) whom we used last year in Stockholm.  Frank Lunau is local [organiser of the UK's ARIA scam], but might come across badly. I suppose, if Paul Maglione wishes, we could also use someone from HIROSS. There are other UK possibilities for the purely IAQ, non-ETS segments.   [HIROSS was then an Italian air-conditionin company that worked with the tobacco industry via Nisses and Healthy Buildings International. It later became Atlas]      1989 Nov:   /E  The Tobacco Institute budget for 1990 shows under  "Excise Issue"    Op-eds earned the economists $3,000. (total $45,000)    Presentations to conferences earned them $5,000. (total $75,000)    Economists as witnesses cost TI $30,000 (number not specified)    Savarese was paid $70,000 pa for 'Economic Consultants" (cut back from a projected $100,000),     Ogilvy & Mather $250,000 pa. (up from estimated $230,000) for "coalition work"    Fleishman Hillard (PR) who mainly ran media tours $50,000    Financial support to Think-tanks (Citizens for Tax Justice $100k) Economic Policy Institute $50k, Coalition on Human Needs $48k; Leadership for the New Century $12k; League for Rural Voters $10k; National Council of Senior Citizens $10k, CART $50k ... with much the same estimated for 1990)  The services of labor lawyer Mike Forscey of Wunder Ryan Cannon  & Thelen had been budgeted for $60,000 in 1989 but had cost an estimated $90,000.  They were budgeted for $75,000 in 1990.  This is probably for labor activities, rather than economists.      1989 Nov 30:  James Savarese has left Ogilvy & Mather and set up his own business running a stable of cash-for-comments economists for the Tobacco Institute (in addition to other disinformation activities).  He is still organizing economics seminars through the same organisations using the same tobacco-funded economists:      "The Political Economy of Tax Earmarking" [ie the use of cigarette excises to prop up Medicare/Medicade]   Chairman: Robert Ekelund.      Papers by:  Richard Wagner, Dwight Lee and  Robert Tollison, with  J Keith Watson and  Mark Thornton as discussants.       1989 Dec 5:   James Savarese is sending a bill to the Tobacco Institute for his own fees ($18,500) and the detailed out-of-pocket expenses for his group of economists speaking at the "Southern Economic Association Meeting" Nov 19—22 in Orlando Florida.         James Savarese — $1239       Robert Ekelund — $1271       John D Jackson — $1029       Richard Saba — $843       Richard Ault — $1002       Mark Thornton — $428       Henry Butler — $983       Keith Watson — (will send later)        1990 Mar 27:   This is a 60 page  bundle of letters and drafts from members of the "Cash-for-comments Economists network" for a book being compiled at the Tobacco Institute.  The drafts are being passed through Michael T Buckley at the tobacco lawfirm Covington & Burling to check them for dangerous content or legal errors.      Page 1 is a note from Jim Savarese  to "Marty" at the Tobacco Institute.    Here is Chapter 11 of the User Fee Book. It was omitted in the package sent to you last week by Bob Tollison.    Page 2 is Buckley relaying a chapter to Carol Hrycaj at the Tobacco Institute.    Enclosed is the McChesney chapter that you sent to me this morning. I have marked a few typographical errors; we have no comments on the substance of the manuscript.   McChesney's chapter was titled "Excises, Earmarking and Extortion in Government User Charges."    Page 25 is a chapter by Richard Wagner "User Charges, Earmarked Taxes, and Budgetary Process: A Constitutional Perspective."  It has been edited by the lawyers ...       to remove some specific tobacco-related material to keep it general. (Page 32)      to add noncommittal words like "alleged" into phrases like "the economic reflections of the alleged health consequences of smoking"      to add "indistinguishable" into "smoking is essentially indistinguishable from any other type of activity that might have some risk associated with it." [pruning trees is the example]     add "any" and "may" into the phrase "because the benefits they associate with smoking exceeds any costs they may have to bear"        1990 Oct 19:   Richard Wagner, as section-chairman of the  Atlantic Economic Society [subtitled "Patriots of the Future", Williamsburg] reports to James Savarese on a session he has run on "User Fees and Budgetary Politics."  [The document is clearly designed as proof of payable services to the TI]       He outlines his introductory remarks, then writes:  The participants did the rest.  Dwight Lee, Fred McChesney, and  Robert Tollison each presented their papers dealing with aspects of the session's theme, and  Kevin Grier and  Bruce Yandle offered some interesting observations in discussing the papers.          Indeed, one of Bruce Yandle's comments was to the effect that the three papers together provided a quite coherent, alternative body of analysis to the conventional literature on user fees.  [All speakers and pre-selected discussants were members of the cash-for-comments network]      1991 Jan:   /E  Tobacco Institute draft plan for 1991 with emphasis on  "Taxes."  These are the economist-related paragraphs:  Objective To discourage reliance on consumer excise taxes on cigarettes to meet social and economic objectives by demonstrating that excise taxes are regressive and inconsistent with fair taxation.     Goals and Tactics:   Commission two op-ed articles in 1991 from consulting economists. As articles are published, provide to other Institute decisions for promotion and submission to appropriate policy makers.     Conduct at least 10 presentations by consulting economists on the excise tax issue before national, regional and state tax policy conferences.     Continue to utilize consulting economists for testimony and briefings. Expand appearances to include presentations to business clubs and the business press. Conduct media refresher courses for public speaking appearance and delivery of testimony.     Utilize the consulting economists for an op-ed program that addresses the national earmarking issue and state specific earmarking issues. As articles are published, provide to other Institute divisions and promote to appropriate public policymakers. Use field staff network to support distribution efforts.        1991 May 30:   James Savarese & Associates is working with  Powell Adams & Rinehard, writing to  Carol Hrycaj at the Tobacco Institute about the 1992 Social Cost Plan.   [Savarese had now rejoined Ogilvy & Mather, as a partner, working with PA&R]       This new company is a Washington DC subsidiary of Ogilvy & Mather; this was a period when the public-relations, advertising agencies, campaign management, polling companies, and media-marketing firms were beginning to consolide into three very large global conglomerates.  O&M became part of the  WPP Group along with Hill & Knowlton, Buston-Marsteller, J Walter Thompson, and many other highly recognisable names.     In states where it is likely that the social cost argument will be used in the tax and budget debate, we recommend the Institute pro-actively commission and release state-specific studies combatting the social cost argument. These studies can be used in legislative briefings conducted by the economists.     For example, we recommend that a media tour program utilizing the social cost economists be implemented in geographic regions which produce the targeted commodity. Attempts also should be made to place stories and interviews with the economists in the targeted industries' trade publications.     We recommend the Institute commission research on what products and activities are considered to be over-regulated and identify an appropriate spokesperson or organization to carry the government intervention/over-regulation messages.         This program could include a media tour program utilizing the spokesperson in targeted states. Program messages would center around the theme that the government increasingly is intervening in everyday life and personal lifestyle choices.         Because Strategy III reaches out to the general population, we recommend that the economists' media tours and targeted media activities also fall under this strategy.     Commision economic consultants familiar with the "social costĄ issue to review and maintain literature, to conduct research, to prepare articles, legislative testimony, letters to editors and op-ed pieces. When possible utilize existing tax issue economists' network.  Conduct periodic meetings in central location.     Continue to encourage "social cost" economists to submit abstracts of studies and make presentations at economic conferences, including American Economic Association, Southern Economic Association, Western Economic Association and Atlantic Economic Association.     Coordinate with State Activities economic consultant "social cost" briefings of economic and policy staffs of organizations such as American Legislative Exchange Council, National Conference of State Legislators, Council of State Governments and National Governors Association; encourage these groups to address the issue as a serious public policy concern. Seek publication and speaking/seminar opportunities.     Encourage economic consultants to conduct issue briefings with relevant staff of business organizations such as the Business Roundtable and local chambers of commerce.        1991 June 5:   Powell Adams & Rinehard is reporting to the Tobacco Institute quite independently of James Savarese: Their April Activity Report says:    Grassroots Activities: —  agency drafted op-ed to be signed by AAM [American Agriculture Movement] representative regarding excise tax increases in Minnesota and forwarded to client for review and comment.      Public Affairs Activities:  — agency continued to review clippings for      letter-to-the-editor campaign that incorporates Science Advisory Board messages;   — agency submitted drafts of letters-to-the editor responding to newspaper columns on environmental tobacco smoke and submitted to client for review.   — agency drafted op-ed regarding "It's The Law" program and forwarded to client for review and comment.  O&M/PA&R appear to have also taken over the media tours from Fleishman-Hillard.       1991 June 26:   Powell Adams & Rinehard (with Jim Savarese and Leslie Dawson) have a conference with Brennan Dawson, Martin Gleason and Carol Hrycaj at the Tobacco Institute. The comments and decisions made were:     The 'social cost' activity has become more intense in past two year — it hasn't improved.    Hrycaj stated that the Institute currently battles the 'false social cost claims' by promoting a series of white papers and books written by Savarese & Associates' economists. These materials are promoted through media tours and presentations featuring TI spokespeople and consulting economists.     Hrycaj pointed out that the Institute has sponsored eight pieces of social cost research since 1988. All eight were submitted to reknowned scholarly journals and four have been published. Hrycaj added that the heart of the current program is the consulting economists who produce the studies, get them published and promote them in academic circles.   Savarese noted that the Institute has sponsored five books on the social cost issue but no new social cost research has been commissioned in three years. He noted that the research is essential to establish credibility for the social cost programs.     Savarese said that the media tours and presentations have been successful and that the [earlier] research has been exploited.     Hrycaj suggested that we concentrate on promoting each individual piece of research to hit individual target audiences starting with select papers     Moeller, Hrycaj and Rinker suggested exploring the possibility of having the consulting economists conduct briefings before business groups and targeted legislators.     Savarese recommended that the consulting economists be asked to identify speaking opportunities for themselves. He also recommended pursuing a program with consulting economists based on the critique of HHS social cost model.      * Dawson agreed with this strategy. She recommended that consulting economists meet with influential national media outlets to explain weaknesses and flaws of HHS model.    Savarese will prepare a proposal to attack government "over-regulation."     Dawson recommended preparing and attempting to place an op-ed piece on government over-regulation in major papers.     Hrycaj recommended allowing D[wight[ Lee to identify opportunities to give social cost presentations before appropriate local level business organizations.     Savarese and PA&R will prepare a short proposal based on three-tiered program:     consulting economist produces a white paper questioning HHS methodology;   major paper op-ed on white paper; and   consulting economists' op-ed program based on white paper.         1991 July 30:   About this time Powell was dropped from the name of the company Powell Adams & Rinehart and Ogilvy was added.  It now became Ogilvy Adams Ś Rinehart with the same Account #7301 number.  Its budget with the Tobacco Institute was $275,000 per year for the excise tax issue in 1992.      }      Note that this was for just this one issue [each budgeted separately). Note also that James Savarese & Associates also had a budget of $90,000 reserved for 1992 (down from $112,000 in 1991), so they hadn't actually merged.       1992 Apr 6:   The newly merged Ogilvy Adams & Rinehart organisation is bidding for the work of the coalition of companies fighting excise taxes, which runs under the name Coalition Against Regressive Taxation, and has million dollar budgets. It spends most of the time promoting the value of Tollison and Jim Miller and the economists network.         It promotes Savarese as "Director of the Economist Network"   Jim works as a consultant with Ogilvy Adams & Rinehart to represent corporations, trade associations, labor unions and state governments on economic and labor relations issues. His corporate clients include the American Iron and Steel Institute, Philip Morris and the American Bakers Association.          Among his labor union clients are the International Association of Machinists, the American Federation of Teachers and the United Steel Workers of America.  Jim also directs the economist network — a nationwide network of university professors who write op-eds and testify on economic issues.  [It fails to mention his later claim to have been an economics professor at a university!] It gives the Tobacco Institute Account as an example of their work, and notes:  The overall strategy that OA&R implements is to involve various coalition partners and independent economists in persuading decision-makers that excise taxes are an unreasonable burden on low and moderate income taxpayers and have a negative impact on the economy. Activities include:    arranging for prominent economists to testify at congressional and regional      Treasury Department hearings and state legislative sessions, and write letters      to print outlets in key congressional districts;    arranging for prominent economists in targeted states and Congressional      districts to submit opinion pieces opposing excise taxes in local papers.    conducted media tours with prominent economists resulting in favorable local      media coverage        1992 Oct:   - [2046847184]    Also  $150,000 for Excise Issue  p 4-24        1995 May 25:    Bob (Robert) Tollison  and Jim Savarese are jointly tendering for work —  anattack on Social Cost of Smoking. They promise to attack the Rand Corporation and its estimates of social cost ("alleged $20 billion") published in the Journal of the AMA.  This is a five part project which will   "attack the methodology" and show error.       Part 1 —  A 25 page white paper prepared by Dr. Robert Tollison and produced by George Mason University . This will debunk the core theoretical arguments used by the anti-smoking coalition to claim that there is a social cost to smoking. It will be technically designed for publication in JAMA, but adaptable for Wall Street Journal etc, It will take one month and cost $27,500.       Part 2 — A 25 page white paper which is a budgetary analysis of the incidence of Medicare/Medicaid usage after taxes by smokers and non-smokers. This will be designed for a general audience. This paper can be adapted as a sophisticated op-ed with attempted placements in the Wall Street Journal, the New York Times or the Washington Times. It will take one month and cost $25,000.       Part 3 — A sophisticated op-ed program based on the white papers written by Dr. Tollison. We will attempt to place this op-ed in the Wall Street Journal, the New York Times and the Washington Times, in that order.        Part 4 — A more comprehensive op-ed program which will involve a network of 20 economists attempting to place op-eds in major newspapers in targeted Congressional districts . Development of these op-eds will be supervised by Dr. Tollision. Costs for op-eds are $3,000 per market.       Part 5 — A round table conference of issues raised based on the theme "Defunding the Nanny State" to include leading scholars on this issue. [press invitations, press-releases, etc.] Key panel members were to be  Tollison,  Jeff Eisenach of the Progress and Freedom Foundation;  Jim Miller of Citizens for Sound Economy;  Dwight Lee, and  William Kristol.(each paid betwen $5,000 and $7.500) Est. total round-table costs with special editing/writing etc.$40 -  $50,000.        They also supplied a detailed list of the politicians to be targetted in each state, the appropriate University of a cash-for-comment economist, and local newspaper for the op-ed article plants.       1995 Jan 26:   The tobacco industry's Labor Management Committee (LMB) held its meeting at Tuscon Arazona. The minutes show that those present were:    Bob Curtis, chairman  [Kentucky AFL-CIO]   Dick Peck[Organiser of the NEMI Task Force operation]   Ray Scannell [Bakery Confectionery and Tobacco Workers union]   Dick White [Tobacco Institute, VP Legislative Affairs]   Walter Woodson, Secretary-Treasurer [Tobacco Institute]   Jim Savarese, executive director of the LMC; [Contractor to the Tobacco Institute]   Leslie Dawson, [Savarese's ex-assistant, who has shifted to Austin Texas]   Sandy Parrish, [Savarese assistant]   Tom Donahue, Jr., Donahue & Associates Washington [TI consultant]   Bill Holayter,  John Jarvis,  McGlotten & Jarvis, consultants  Harry Kaiser, The Kaiser Company. Ohio  [TI contractor]   Doug Weiland,   Jim Featherstonhaugh,  Lowell Junkins,   Bob Wolper,   Art Carter,   Frank Ortis,   David Roe, LMC     consultants;   Paul Harris, International Association of Machinists;  Jim Golden, National Energy Management Institute; [also a TI consultant]   Vince Panvini, Sheet Metal Workers Union;   Dan Lynch, Philip Morris USA;   Scott Treibitz, TRICOM Public Relations;   Mike Forscey, LMC counsel; [Wunder Diefenderfer, Cannon & Thelan, Wash.]  Bill Adams,   Sam Chilcote, Jr., The Tobacco Institute   Mr Woodson reported that the Tobacco Institute had allocated funds sufficient to meet the budget of the LMC.          Also LMC consultant list       1995 Dec 1:    Savarese & Assoc. and Donahue & Assoc. were shifting to Suite 1000, 700 Thirteenth Street NW Washington.  Harry Kaiser was giving this out has his address also.  See last page       1996:   Carol Hrycaj at the Tobacco Institute writes to her stable of lobbyists dealing with the labor activities (Labor Management Committee) including     Jim Savarese, Leslie Dawson,  Jackie Hampel, Tom Donohue, Harry Kaiser (All Cassidy & Assoc/Savarese & Assoc.)  Walter Woodson (TI Dir. Public Relations), Rob Walker (TI Issues Manager)  Mike Forscey (lawyer, Wunder Diefenderfer, Cannon & Thelan, Wash.)  John Jarvis, Bob McGlotten,  (McGlotten & Jarvis, consultants) Scott Treibitz, (TRICOM public relations)  Attached, for your information, is a draft backgrounder on the "Synar Amendment." It reviews the history of the law and the proposed regulation, and details state action to reduce youth access to tobacco products.       A surnmary of the final SAMHSA regs will be forwarded when available.        1997:  The Master Settlement Agreement between the tobacco industry and the Clinton Administration and State Attorneys-Generals which was struck in 1997 would have effectively closed down Savarese's business.     1998 Aug 3:   Savarese has billed the Tobacco Institute for an addition to his regular LMC payment     $25,000  Retainer for July 1998   $ 8,700  Two staff members, 290 hrs @ $30/hr - working with BC&T union.  Reimbursement for office and general expenses  Expenses for union and LMC and travel/accommodation     TOTAL $43,814.45       Powell Tate (the lobbying firm) has billed Savarese $660,82 for PR and consultation     Savarese and LMC's Harry Kaiser have spent some time at the Desert Inn in Las Vegas at the union convention.      1988 July 22:   Woodson to Lance Morgan  Here is an updated report on the Savarese group project. The results are fairly impressive.  This includes the now-familiar, no-economist-names list of op-ed writers with details of the publication dates.      1998 July 28:   Woodson to Lance Morgan.   Attached is another published article titled "Proposal to Raise Price of Cigarettes has Hidden Costs." Tn addition, I have included for payment the second (final) invoice from the Savarese group. Tlianks for your help in getting the check for the first invoice sent to Savarese.-       2009 Feb 20:   The Washington Post carried an obituary:      James M. Savarese, 64, president and founder of James Savarese and Associates, a Washington-based economic consulting firm that he ran from 1981 to 2005, died Feb. 14 at Virginia Hospital Center. He had pancreatic cancer.         Mr. Savarese worked for the American Federation of State, County and Municipal Employees from 1972 to 1981, first as an economist in the research department and then as an executive assistant to the president.         James Michael Savarese was born in Allentown, Pa., and received a bachelor's degree in economics from La Salle University in Philadelphia. From 1969 to 1972, he was an assistant economics professor at Virginia Commonwealth University in Richmond.         He settled in the Washington region in 1972 and had lived in Falls Church since 2005. He was a member of Washington Golf and Country Club, St. Agnes Catholic Church and the Knights of Columbus, all of Arlington County.         Survivors include his wife of 35 years, Joanne Sandoval Savarese of Falls Church; a daughter, Annie Savarese of Falls Church; and a sister, Colette Tettemer of Annapolis.    WORTH READING CONTRIBUTORS:lrt3 LR13 dhf2  This work is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 2.0 Generic License








James Savarese - Executive Bio, Compensation History, and Contacts - Equilar Atlas










 

















Log in | Sign up








x

 






As Featured In



















James Savarese
Chief Operating Officer at Wayfair Inc.


View Full Profile
Are you James Savarese? Claim your profile


 


Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view James Savarese's full profile. 
With Equilar Atlas, you can:



IDENTIFY corporate executives in James Savarese's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in James Savarese's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with James Savarese through your network of contacts.
												








James Savarese's Executive Work History


Current


Chief Operating Officer, 
Wayfair Inc.


Past
To view James Savarese's complete executive work history, sign up now
Age
51

 
 


James Savarese's Biography




			James Savarese has served as our Chief Operating Officer since February 2014 and previously as our Senior Vice President, Operations from September 2008 to February 2014. Prior to joining Wayfair, Mr. Savarese served as a founding member and Senior Vice President, Products & Services of ArrowStream, Inc. from 2001 to 2008, as a Global Client Partner at iXL Enterprises, Inc. from 1999 to 2001 and as a Senior Manager at Deloitte Consulting from 1993 to 1999. He received a B.A. from Dartmouth College and an M.B.A. from the University of Chicago's Booth School of Business.
		
Source: Wayfair Inc. on 04/05/2017
		
	

 






Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view James Savarese's full profile. 



												By accessing Equilar Atlas, you can view bios, network, salary and wealth events
												of industry-leading executives like James Savarese. More specifically, you'll be able to:
												

IDENTIFY corporate executives in James Savarese's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in James Savarese's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with James Savarese through your network of conections.
												




View Full Profile


 








Search for over 360,000 executive profiles.





/bio



													Example: James Savarese


















James Savarese's Connections (14)





Sign up now to view James Savarese's 14 connections »









Julie M. Bradley
Board Member, Wayfair Inc.









Robert J. Gamgort
Board Member, Wayfair Inc.









Ian Lane
Former Board Member, Wayfair Inc.









John C. Mulliken
Chief Technology Officer, Wayfair Inc.









Romero Rodrigues
Board Member, Wayfair Inc.









Edmond Macri
Chief Product and Marketing Officer, Wayfair Inc.









Stephen Oblak
Senior Vice President and General Manager, Wayfair.com, Wayfair Inc.









Steven Conine
Co-Chairman of the Board, Wayfair Inc.









Niraj Shah
Chief Executive Officer and Co-Chairman of the Board, Wayfair Inc.









Michael A. Kumin
Board Member, Wayfair Inc.








Popular Profiles






														Sign up now to view more executive profiles »
														









Thomas J. Lynch
Executive Chairman, TE Connectivity Ltd.









John J. Kita
EVP and CFO, A. O. Smith









Carl G. Annessa
EVP and COO, Hornbeck Offshore Services, Inc.









Elon R. Musk
CEO and Chairman, Tesla









Michael C. Montgomery
Board Member, NMI Holdings, Inc.












×

Claim Your Profile Coming Soon
Interested in updating your biography and work history?
We're working on making it happen.
We'll email you when this feature is available.
Please enter valid email address.

Done


Thank you for your interest.
Ok






			Browse executive profiles:
			
				 A
			
				 B
			
				 C
			
				 D
			
				 E
			
				 F
			
				 G
			
				 H
			
				 I
			
				 J
			
				 K
			
				 L
			
				 M
			
				 N
			
				 O
			
				 P
			
				 Q
			
				 R
			
				 S
			
				 T
			
				 U
			
				 V
			
				 W
			
				 X
			
				 Y
			
				 Z



Equilar Homepage
Equilar Atlas
Equilar Insight
Equilar BoardEdge
Equilar Engage
Research Services
Knowledge Network
About Us
Login

ï¿½ 2017 Equilar All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
1100 Marshall Street, Redwood City, CA 94063 | Phone (650) 241-6600 | Fax (650) 701-0993
















About | Wayfair

























Special Nonexistent Furniture

 








Shop Wayfair.com











Latest Story:
07/27/2017 Hands-on With The Asus ZenFone AR, Which Is Arriving Just In Time to Compete With ARKit
View Stories »




Meet the Team


    About Wayfair »
  


      Who We Are    

      Family Of Brands    

      Our Promise    

      Company Culture    


      Our Story »
    

    Meet the Team »
  

      Investor Relations »
    

      Social Responsibility »
    


        Our Mission      

        Charitable Partnerships      

        Emergency Response      

        Wayfair in the Community      


      Careers »
    

      Partner With Us »
    


        Sell on Wayfair.com      

        Join Our Affiliates      

        Advertise with Us      

        Trade Services      

        Wayfair Business      


      News Room »
    


        In The News      

        As Seen In      

        Press Releases      

        Media Assets      

        Press Materials      


    Contact Us »
  


      Corporate Offices    

      Contact Information    





    That rare kind of c-suite executive: The one that sits next to you.
  

      At Wayfair, there are no corner offices. In fact, there are no offices at all. We support an open, transparent workplace where leaders mentor the 5,700 bright talents that sit among them - and vice versa.
    



    Executive Leadership
  






Niraj Shah
Chief Executive Officer, Co-Chairman and Co-Founder
Niraj Shah co-founded Wayfair with Steve Conine in 2002 and the pair rapidly grew the business to become the largest online retailer of home furnishings, housewares and home improvement goods in the U.S., generating $3.59 billion in net revenue for the twelve months ended March 31, 2017. Wayfair has extensive operations in the U.S. and Europe and employs more than 5,700 people. Before founding Wayfair, Niraj served as CEO and co-founder of Simplify Mobile, Entrepreneur-in-Residence at Greylock Partners, COO and a member of the Board of Directors at iXL, and the CEO and co-founder of Spinners, which was sold to iXL in 1998. Niraj is on the board of the Massachusetts Competitive Partnership, The Great Boston Chamber of Commerce, and the Federal Reserve Bank of Boston. Niraj holds a B.S. in engineering from Cornell University, and lives in Boston, Massachusetts, with his wife and two children.


Favorite Wayfair Purchase:
Alessi Anna G. Corkscrew by Alessandro Medini

Read Full Bio »








Steve Conine
Co-Chairman and Co-Founder
Steve Conine co-founded Wayfair with Niraj Shah in 2002. He currently leads
        development of the architecting and software systems that give Wayfair a technological
        edge in the online retail business. Prior to that, Steve was a co-founder, board member
        and Chief Technology Officer of Simplify Mobile. Before starting Simplify Mobile, he
        served as Chief Operating Officer for the London office of iXL, a publicly traded global
        technology consulting firm. Steve also previously co-founded and served as a top executive
        of Spinners Incorporated, an IT services firm, which was sold to iXL in 1998. Steve holds
        a B.S. in engineering from Cornell University, and lives in Boston, Massachusetts with his
        wife and three children.


Favorite Wayfair Purchase:
Linie Design Ronaldo Lime Rug

Read Full Bio »








Enrique Colbert
General Counsel
Enrique Colbert serves as the General Counsel of Wayfair.  Prior to working at
        Wayfair, Enrique was General Counsel of Aveksa, Inc., an enterprise software company in
        Waltham, MA that was acquired by EMC Corporation in 2013.  Before Aveksa, Enrique was General
        Counsel of Blue Cod Technologies, an IT and business process outsourcing and software company
        located in Marlborough, MA.  Enrique began his legal career at the law firm Goodwin Procter in
        Boston.  Enrique earned a B.A. from Dartmouth College and a J.D. from Boston College Law School.
        He lives in Jamaica Plain with his wife and three children.


Favorite Wayfair Purchase:
Kichler 4 Light Vanity Light









Michael Fleisher
Chief Financial Officer
Michael Fleisher drives finance, mergers & acquisitions, human resources and business
        strategy for Wayfair. Prior to joining Wayfair.com, Michael served as Warner Music Group's (WMG)
        Vice Chairman, Strategy and Operations, where he oversaw the company's global corporate strategy
        and operations. Before WMG, Michael served as Chairman and CEO of Gartner, Inc., the world's
        leading technology research group where he led the company's initial public offering and its
        move to the New York Stock Exchange. Michael's previous business experience includes roles at
        Bain Capital and Bain & Company. He holds a B.S. in economics from the Wharton School of Business
        at the University of Pennsylvania. Michael splits his time between Wayfair's Boston and New York
        offices and resides in Brooklyn, New York with his family.


Favorite Wayfair Purchase:
Bob Kramer Euroline Carbon Collection Chef's Knife

Read Full Bio »








Chad Ghosn
Vice President of IT Infrastructure and Security
Chad Ghosn oversees the engineering team that is responsible for scaling Wayfair's
        infrastructure system to meet increasing customer demands and company needs. Before joining
        Wayfair, Chad led the infrastructure team at Expedia Inc, where he spearheaded the modernization
        of the company's network and computer environments. Prior to his role at Expedia, Chad spent
        more than a decade at Dell Inc., driving system stability and innovation with infrastructure
        leadership positions. Previously, he led network operations for Kaiser Permanente. Chad holds
        a M.S. in Management Information Systems from St. Mary's University in San Antonio, and a B.A.
        in Computer Information Systems from California State University, Los Angeles. He served in the
        U.S. Air Force following graduation for four years.


Favorite Wayfair Purchase:
Benetti's Italia Cavali Accent Chair









Nancy Go
Vice President of Brand Marketing​
Nancy Go drives brand awareness and customer marketing for Wayfair. She oversees
        consumer research, television ad development, media buying, and strategic partnerships.
        Nancy joined Wayfair from Procter & Gamble where she spent six years working on new brand
        launches and marketing innovations for the company's Venus and Gillette brands. Prior to
        Procter & Gamble, Nancy worked in management consulting at The Parthenon Group. Nancy holds
        a B.S. from Duke University and an M.B.A. from Stanford University. Nancy lives outside of
        Boston with her husband and two daughters.


Favorite Wayfair Purchase:
Breakwater Bay Jamestown Adirondack Chair









Alex Goldman
Vice President of Site Merchandising
Alex Goldman oversees global site merchandising and content creation for Wayfair,
        AllModern, and Wayfair Supply. In his role, Alex is directly responsible for site navigation,
        category structure & standards, visual merchandising and site functionality improvements.
        Since joining Wayfair in 2010, Alex has held leadership roles within the Category Management
        and Operations functions of the business. Prior to his time at Wayfair, Alex spent nine years
        at Travelocity, a division of Sabre Holdings, in various roles in Finance and Category
        Management. He earned his B.A. from Brown University and an M.B.A from the Kellogg School of
        Management at Northwestern. Alex lives outside of Boston with his wife and two children.


Favorite Wayfair Purchase:
Omnia Furniture Luxor Lift with Recline









Liz Graham​
Vice President of Sales and Service
Liz Graham oversees customer service and sales for all of Wayfair's US and European
        brands.   Prior to joining Wayfair, Liz served as Vice President of IT Operations at HubSpot
        (HUBS), the world's leading inbound marketing and sales platform, where she created a
        cloud-based data warehouse to facilitate access to diverse data sets.  Liz also served as
        the Vice President of Operations with HubSpot, where she increased employee satisfaction and
        cultivated the unique company culture.  Before HubSpot, Liz held several senior level operations
        roles at Comcast Corporation, Northeast Division, including Vice President of Technical
        Operations and Vice President of Network Operations Centers.  Liz earned an A.B. from Harvard
        College, an M.St from Oxford University and a J.D. from Harvard Law School.  She lives outside
        of Boston with her husband and daughter.


Favorite Wayfair Purchase:
Majestic Pet 64" Bungalow Sherpa Cat Tree









Kate Gulliver
Vice President of Talent Operations
Kate Gulliver oversees the Talent Operations team at Wayfair where she is responsible for global 
        human capital management including recruiting, organizational design, talent management and analytics, 
        and learning and development. Prior to her role in Talent Operations at Wayfair, Kate managed the 
        company's Investor Relations where she drove all communication and relationship development with 
        outside investors, and led the company in their efforts to become publicly traded. Previously, Kate 
        worked as an investor for nearly five years at Bain Capital, the Boston based private equity firm. 
        She started her career in consulting at McKinsey & Company. Kate holds an M.B.A. from Harvard Business 
        School, and a B.A. from Yale University. Kate lives in Boston's South End with her husband and daughter.


Favorite Wayfair Purchase:
DwellStudio Mid-Century 3-in-1 Convertible Crib









Brad Johnson
Vice President of CastleGate Fulfillment
Brad Johnson oversees the company's CastleGate Fulfillment, and previously has lead our retail partner channel businesses. Prior to Wayfair, he founded and led operations for Intrepid Learning Solutions, the foremost provider of consulting, outsourcing and research training services. Brad has more than 15 years of experience in starting-up companies and managing businesses at EMC, PepsiCo, Polaroid, and KPMG with seven years spent internationally. He is a strategy advisor to Sequoyah, a leading Danish company in the gems and precious metals market, and serves as an advisor to other start-up and early stage companies. Johnson holds an M.B.A. from the University of Virginia Darden School and is a CPA. Brad and his partner live in Boston and enjoy spending time in Maine.


Favorite Wayfair Purchase:
Oxford Garden Travira 5 Piece Dining Set









Gregory Kim
Vice President of Product Management
Gregory Kim drives product management for Wayfair. He oversees multiple components of the site 
        experience as well as several company-wide initiatives including the private label credit card 
        and financing programs. Prior to product management, Greg oversaw the customer retention marketing 
        function. In 2013, he joined Wayfair from McKinsey & Company where he focused on high tech and 
        retail projects. Previously Greg worked in M&A investment banking. He holds an M.B.A. from Kellogg 
        School of Business and a B.A. in Philosophy from Williams College. Greg splits his time between 
        Wayfair's Boston and New York offices and resides in New York City with his wife.​


Favorite Wayfair Purchase:
Charlton Home Aberdeen Main Street Guest Arm Chair









John S. Kim
Vice President of Pricing​​
John S. Kim leads pricing and profitability globally for Wayfair. Previously, he
        led the Clinton Foundation's Applied Analytics Team and managed the Ethiopia office for its
        health access initiative. He also directed e-commerce for Horizon Hobby and worked as a
        consultant at Bain & Company in its Private Equity Group and e-commerce practice. John holds
        an M.B.A. from Harvard Business School and graduated summa cum laude  from the University of
        Illinois at Urbana-Champaign with a  B.S. in Finance. He and his wife are the proud parents
        of three young kids and live in Wellesley, Massachusetts.


Favorite Wayfair Purchase:
Infinita Corporation Halifax 3 Drawer Buffet Dresser









Greg Konicki​
Vice President of Warehouse Operations
Greg Konicki oversees Warehouse Operations for all of Wayfair's US brands. He
        leads the design and implementation of distribution centers in both Kentucky and Utah along
        with multiple expansions in both locations. After 23 years with UPS, Greg came aboard in
        2010 as Director to create a US fulfillment strategy to reduce the order fulfillment cycle
        time and prepare Wayfair for significant growth in the warehousing and distribution arena.
        Greg attended The Ohio State University and holds a degree in Industrial and Systems Engineering.


Favorite Wayfair Purchase:
Uniflame Outdoor Firehouse









Margaret Lawrence
Vice President of Trade and Business Programs
Margaret oversees Wayfair's B2B business which is focused on serving the unique and ongoing needs of our business customers. Most recently Margaret was Chief Services Officer at Motus, a SaaS-based expense reimbursement company. Prior to Motus, Margaret was the Chief of Staff for Google's Small and Medium Business organization for the Americas, running strategy and operations for the region. Previously, she led Google's North America SMB Agency teams and the SMB team in Cambridge, MA. Before Google, Margaret was a Partner at Pilot House Ventures, a Boston-based early stage venture capital firm. She led the investment process for and held board seats at a number of early stage technology companies. Margaret began her career in finance, first at Lehman Brothers in investment banking then moved to a small merchant banking firm providing financial advisory services and investing in startups. Margaret earned her BA from Williams College and MBA from Harvard Business School.


Favorite Wayfair Purchase:
Urban Basics 1 Drawer Nightstand









Ed Macri
Chief Product and Marketing Officer
Ed Macri joined Wayfair in 2007 to launch its Business Intelligence group and today
        leads global Product Management and Marketing. Prior to Wayfair, Ed held marketing positions
        at IBM-Emptoris, an enterprise supply chain software provider, and Digitas, where he advised
        major brands including AT&T and Bayer. He started his career in software development and
        product management at Bain & Company. Ed holds a B.A. from Dartmouth College and an M.B.A.
        from MIT Sloan School of Management.​


Favorite Wayfair Purchase:
Kartell Cindy Table Lamp









Meredith Mahoney
Vice President of Lifestyle Brands, Founder & Design Director of Birch Lane
Meredith Mahoney oversees the growth and development of lifestyle brands at Wayfair,
        driving the business strategy, creative and merchandising direction, and licensing strategy
        for both Birch Lane and DwellStudio. Since joining Wayfair in 2010, Meredith has held leadership
        roles within Category Management and Joss & Main, before spearheading the launch of Wayfair's
        traditional lifestyle brand, Birch Lane. Prior to her time at Wayfair, Meredith worked in
        merchandising at a variety of companies, including Anthropologie and Brookstone. A native of
        Texas, Meredith is a graduate of the Massachusetts Institute for Technology, with a Bachelor's
        Degree in Architecture. She currently resides in Melrose, Massachusetts with her husband and
        two children.


Favorite Wayfair Purchase:
Birch Lane Henderson Chair









Nicholas Malone​
Chief Administrative Officer
Nicholas Malone oversees the finance, legal and real estate functions of the business.
        He began his tenure at Wayfair as CFO and Vice President of Finance in 2005 and helped the
        company grow from $40 million in revenue to over $800 million in annual revenue. Prior to
        joining Wayfair, Nick was the Finance head of an IT Services Division of Siemens AG. He has
        also held Vice President of Finance roles at Mercator Software and Enhance Financial Services
        Group and served as the Chief Financial Officer at SYNNAP, a startup web hosting company. Nick
        started his career in the financial services industry at PaineWeber/UBS. He earned a B.S.B.A.
        in Accounting from American University, an M.B.A. from Fordham University and attended an
        International Graduate Program at Georgetown University in Oxford, England. Nick lives just
        outside of Boston with his wife and three children.


Favorite Wayfair Purchase:
Birch Lane Endicott Sectional with Sunbrella Cushions









John Mulliken
Chief Technology Officer
John Mulliken leads software development, infrastructure, technology innovation and catalog merchandising for Wayfair. Previously, John led the company’s international operations. In 2010, John founded Joss & Main, the Wayfair brand where beautiful furniture and finds meet irresistible savings. In 2013, he drove the creation of Birch Lane and led the integration of DwellStudio into Wayfair's growing portfolio of lifestyle brands. A management consultant for more than a decade, John was a Principal at The Boston Consulting Group, where he helped found the multi-channel retail group and the Global Center for Consumer Insight. He also held leadership roles at two internet start-ups, where he was the first employee and first software developer. John received an M.B.A. from the London Business School and a B.A. in mathematics from Reed College. Originally from New York City, John and his family currently live in Boston.


Favorite Wayfair Purchase:
Gus Modern Spencer LOFT Bi-Sectional









Steve Oblak
Senior Vice President & General Manager of North American Retail and Global Analytics
Steve Oblak drives overall strategy and execution for Wayfair’s North America retail businesses including Wayfair.com, Wayfair.ca, Joss & Main, AllModern, Birch Lane, Dwell Studio and Perigold. Additionally, he oversees Wayfair’s Global Analytics function. Steve joined Wayfair in 2009 from River West Brands, where he was on the management team of an early-stage venture focused on acquiring and re-commercializing dormant consumer brands. Steve previously served as a Senior Director at FutureBrand Worldwide, a global brand management consultancy practice of Interpublic Group. He began his career in consulting in the International Financial Services practice at the Corporate Executive Board. Steve has a B.A. from Hamilton College and an M.B.A. from Northwestern University.


Favorite Wayfair Purchase:
Alessi Martí Guixé 15.75" Blank Wall Clock









Mike O'Hanlon​
Vice President of Government and Industry Relations
Michael O'Hanlon currently spearheads government relations and industry strategy,
        managing ongoing collaborations with legislators, policymakers and regulators. Previously
        O'Hanlon led Wayfair's business development and merger and acquisition strategy, where
        he developed key strategic partnerships with online marketplaces and media publications,
        and founded and led Wayfair's Media Solutions business. O'Hanlon also launched Wayfair's
        European business in UK and Germany, and led the company's buying team. Prior to Wayfair,
        O'Hanlon spent more than 11 years as an investment banker, and six years as a submarine
        officer in the U.S. Navy. He earned an M.B.A. from Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute and
        a B.S. in Nuclear Engineering from the University of Virginia, and lives just south of
        Boston with his wife and four children.


Favorite Wayfair Purchase:
Omnia Furniture Villa Leather Sectional​









David Raymond​
Vice President of Operations Process Improvement​
David Raymond leads merchandising operations and heads the operations process
        transformation team. Dave began his career as a consultant, spending five years at
        PricewaterhouseCoopers and IBM, implementing large scale CRM packages. He subsequently
        served as Director of Software Implementation for Arrowstream, where he led client
        engagements and product management for their supply chain management software used by
        Wendy's, Applebee's and other leading foodservice companies. Dave earned a B.S. from
        Columbia University and an M.B.A. from the Yale School of Management.


Favorite Wayfair Purchase:
Bluegrass Barrels 3 Liter Beverage Dispenser









Doran Robinson
Vice President of Operations Product Innovation
Doran Robinson oversees the Operations Product Innovation team. He is responsible for driving 
        the expansion of Wayfair's fulfilment and delivery service systems that power the company's 
        operations, and leading efforts to deliver a world-class post order experience. Before joining 
        Wayfair, Doran built and scaled the service delivery and product development functions of athenahealth's 
        industry leading data exchange services. Previously, he led product and operations strategy and delivery 
        at Capital One Financial for more than a decade, where he played key roles building the company's point 
        of sale and healthcare self-pay business. Doran graduated from Hamilton College, with a Bachelor of Arts 
        degree in Chemistry and Mathematics.


Favorite Wayfair Purchase:
Mercury Row Channing Writing Desk









James Savarese
Chief Operating Officer
James Savarese oversees Wayfair's key operations worldwide.  He is responsible
        for sales, customer service, product merchandising and production, logistics and supply
        chain, offshore operations, and third-party partner revenue programs. Prior to joining
        Wayfair in 2008, James spent seven years at Arrowstream, a supply chain services and
        software company. As a founding member, James held several positions, including SVP Products
        & Services where he was the General Manager, responsible for client services, product management,
        data analytics and engineering. Prior to Arrowstream, he was a Global Client Partner at iXL.
        James also spent nine years as a management and economic consultant with Deloitte Consulting
        and PA Consulting Group. James earned a B.A. from Dartmouth College and an M.B.A. from The
        University of Chicago.  James lives in Wellesley, Massachusetts with his wife and daughter.


Favorite Wayfair Purchase:
Hooker Furniture Melange Fleur-de-lis Mirrored Credenza









Laura Scott
Vice President of Supplier Operations and International Operations
Laura Scott leads fulfillment operations for Wayfair's portfolio of home brands.
        She joined Wayfair in 2009 and currently leads over 200 people across 4 countries with a
        mission to provide a world class customer fulfillment experience by building a highly
        efficient supply chain out of 7,000+ supplier & logistic partners.  Before Wayfair, Laura
        led the operations of a manufacturing and direct retail company in New Hampshire and a
        non-profit youth organization in Vermont. She earned an M.B.A. from the Tuck School of
        Business at Dartmouth College and a B.S. from University of Vermont. In addition to her
        work at Wayfair, Laura is a mother to two children and a Labrador retriever, and also
        serves on the board of directors for FamilyAid Boston.


Favorite Wayfair Purchase:
Vigo Pirouette Frameless Shower Door









Jeremy Sharrard
Vice President of Lifestyle Marketing
Jeremy Sharrard leads marketing for Wayfair's lifestyle brands: Joss & Main,
        AllModern, Birch Lane and DwellStudio. In addition to overseeing all marketing for these
        brands, he is also responsible for direct mail production across all of Wayfair. Since
        joining Wayfair in 2010, Jeremy has held leadership roles in Marketing, including leading
        customer acquisition for Wayfair.com, before assuming responsibility for Lifestyle Brand
        marketing. Prior to his time at Wayfair, Jeremy was most recently at McKinsey & Company
        in Boston. A native of Springfield, Massachusetts, Sharrard is a graduate of Brown
        University and the Columbia University Graduate School of Business. He currently resides
        in Needham, Massachusetts with his wife and two children.


Favorite Wayfair Purchase:
Gus Modern Carmichael Platform Bed









Bob Sherwin
​Vice President of Direct Marketing
Bob Sherwin joined Wayfair in 2013 to run Wayfair's Acquisition Marketing programs, and now 
          leads Wayfair's B2C and B2B direct marketing efforts in North America. Prior to Wayfair, Bob 
          was an Engagement Manager at McKinsey & Co, a strategy consultancy, where he advised a number 
          of clients at Fortune 100 companies. He began his career at IBM's Business Consultant Services, 
          where he worked with Federal agencies to improve data infrastructure and operational efficiency 
          by leveraging big data analytics. Bob holds a B.B.A in Finance and Economics from The College of 
          William and Mary, an M.E.M from Northwestern's McCormick School of Engineering, and an M.B.A. 
          from Northwestern's Kellogg School of Management. Bob is a proud husband and father of two.


Favorite Wayfair Purchase:
Birch Lane Ellison Steel Fire Pit









Sharif Sleiman
Vice President of Supply Chain and Operations
Sharif Sleiman oversees logistics and supply chain operations for Wayfair.
        Prior to joining Wayfair he was Vice President of Inside Sales and eCommerce Operations
        at Staples where he drove B2B sales growth, global e-commerce content creation and order
        management and logistics strategy. Before Staples, Sharif was the Senior Director of
        Operations and Supply Chain for the Global Goods business at Groupon where he scaled
        the global logistics team. Previously, he held various leadership positions at eBay with
        responsibilities in logistics, supply chain, cross border trade, sustainability and global
        procurement. Sharif holds a BS in Mechanical Engineering from California Polytechnic State
        University and an MBA in Finance from the University of North Carolina.


Favorite Wayfair Purchase:
DwellStudio Orchos Miniature Torches









Paul Toms
Vice President of Lifestyle Brands​
Paul Toms leads the overall business strategy and execution for Wayfair’s portfolio of lifestyle brands including AllModern, Birch Lane, DwellStudio, Joss & Main, and Perigold. Paul joined Wayfair in 2007 and grew within the company, leading Business Intelligence and Marketing functions along the way. In 2014, Paul became the General Manager of Joss & Main, and in 2016 took responsibility for the portfolio of lifestyle brands. Paul graduated from Boston University with a B.A. in Economics and lives in Boston with his wife and their two sons.


Favorite Wayfair Purchase:
Birch Lane Henderson Chair









Jack Wood
Vice President of International Engineering
Jack Wood leads European engineering initiatives at Wayfair and drives the
        engineering decisions that power Wayfair's international expansion. Prior to joining
        Wayfair in 2012, Jack was a software architect and engineering manager at Akamai Technologies.
        He also spent time as a research scientist at Lucent and consultant with NASA at the Jet
        Propulsion Laboratory. Jack served in the United States Air Force and earned a B.S. in Computer
        Science from Rivier College. Jack, his wife, and two children have relocated to Berlin, Germany.


Favorite Wayfair Purchase:
Winsome Burgundy 15 Bottle Wine Cabinet




 
 
 

 





 




          Copyright 2002 - 2017 by Wayfair LLC.  All rights reserved.          Wayfair LLC, 4 Copley Place, Floor 7,
          Boston,
          MA 
          02116          |
        Terms of Use |
      

      International:      Canada |
      United Kingdom |
      Germany,
      More From Wayfair, formerly CSN Stores:
      Joss & Main |
      Birch Lane

Wayfair is your online store for furniture, décor, lighting, outdoor and more!
 
 
 
  










