







Sayiner, Necip - The Wall Street Transcript













































 





































Necip  Sayiner
NECIP SAYINER joined Silicon Laboratories as President and CEO in September
2005. Prior to joining Silicon Laboratories, Dr. Sayiner was Vice President and
General Manager of the enterprise and networking division at Agere Systems. He
also served as the Vice President and General Manager of the networking IC
division and held several senior design management roles in the storage
division. Dr. Sayiner holds a bachelor’s degree in electrical engineering and
physics from Bosphorus University in Turkey. He holds an M.S. in electrical
engineering from Southern Illinois University and a Ph.D. in electrical
engineering from the University of Pennsylvania. He has received multiple
patents related to data detection schemes.
Related Interviews:Silicon Laboratories, Inc. - Necip Sayiner (slab)August 24, 2009







CartLatest NewsJames Abate of Centre Asset Management Sees Consumer Demand Driving New Stock HighsMalcolm E. Polley of Stewart Capital and How to Play the Health Care StocksTimothy Biltz, CEO of Lumos Networks Identifies the Key Component for Future 5G NetworksThe Wall Street Transcript is a completely unique resource for investors and business researchers.Over 20,000 CEO, Equity Analyst and Money Manager InterviewsSubscribe now!Sign Up For Newsletter Weekly email with New In-Depth Interviews


Email: 



Most Popular InterviewsProtecting Assets Through a Rules-Based FundPaula R. Wieck Published July 24, 2017 in Investing StrategiesBuy ($25)Managing Risk Through Strict Quality StandardsJeffrey P. CornellMichael S. Jordan Published July 24, 2017 in Investing StrategiesCompanies covered: AAPL GOOG SAP NSRGY Buy ($25)Identifying Emerging-Market and International Stocks with a Bottom-Up ProcessRahul  Sharma Published July 24, 2017 in Investing StrategiesCompanies covered: 600690 GE ASX TSM HDFC LUKOY XOM TOT RDS/A IBULHSGFIN ARCLK Buy ($25)Most Popular ReportsInvesting Strategies Published July 24, 2017Buy ($175)Wireless Communications & Telecom Published July 14, 2017Buy ($175)Investing Strategies Published July 11, 2017Buy ($175) 






Top Company Interviews






Register for a Free Account to gain greater access to
            The Wall Street Transcript right now




CEO INTERVIEWSInterview with the President and CEO: Lumos Networks Corp. (NASDAQ:LMOS)Interview with the Corporate VP of Business Development, Strategy and Investor Relations: DSP Group, Inc. (NASDAQ:DSPG)Interview with the CEO and Director: Tactile Systems Technology, Inc. (NASDAQ:TCMD) 

SECTOR ROUNDTABLESNatural Gas Weighs Heavy On E&P Near-Term ProspectsRoundtable Forum:optimism Despite Uncertainty In For-profit EducationRoundtable Forum:a Shift In Focus To Natural Gas From Oil 

MONEY MANAGER INTERVIEWSProtecting Assets Through a Rules-Based FundManaging Risk Through Strict Quality StandardsIdentifying Emerging-Market and International Stocks with a Bottom-Up Process 

ANALYST INTERVIEWSAnalyzing the Secular Drivers Within Communications Infrastructure and TelecomSatellite Companies Benefiting from Growth in Data TrafficIncreased Focus on Content as Consumers Shift to Digital Consumption 




Subscribe Today!







                Since 1963
                © The Wall Street Transcript 1997-2016
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy  
            





https://www.twst.com/wp-admin/admin-ajax.php

Pin It on Pinterest





































Share This





Twitter





Facebook





Google+





Gmail





LinkedIn








































×





Join now for free!
Already a member?






First Name 





Last Name 





Email address *








Create new account
 


or create an account with a social network.

Join with Facebook


Join with Twitter


Join with Google








Username or Email address: *





Password: *






LoginJoin now! | Forgot password?
 


or login using a social network


Log in with Facebook


Log in with Twitter


Log in with Google














































Silicon Laboratories: Necip Sayiner





















Menu









Log In or Register 


Automotive 

Power Management 

Alternative Energy 

Resources 



Find Parts 

Design for Electronics 

Design for High Frequency 

Design with Mechanical 

Electronics Procurement 



Newsletter 

About Us 

Contact 

Advertise 

Privacy Policy 

Terms of Service 

Ad Choices 
















 




Search 

Log In 

Register 





























Recent




Recent





            Charge Pump DC/DC Controller IC Eliminates Magnetics, Configures Bus Converter            



Jun 21, 2017 








            How Will the U.S. Replace its Aging Engineering Workforce?            



Jun 16, 2017 














            Scope Features 4, 6, or 8 Input Channels, Touchscreen Display            



Jun 09, 2017 








            Beyond Scaling: An Electronics Resurgence Initiative            



Jun 08, 2017 








            Electrochemical Technology Dominates in Energy Storage Systems            



May 24, 2017 







Featured





            Low-Voltage Logic Inputs Turn 1000Vdc Loads On/Off            



Mar 17, 2017 








            Leadless MOSFET Power Package Achieves Near-GaN Switching Losses            



Feb 14, 2017 








            Electricity Flows Through This Metal, But Not the Heat            



Feb 02, 2017 








            Simulation Delivers Safer, More Efficient Lithium-Ion Battery Packs            



May 22, 2017 


















 










Power Electronics 
brought to you by




 





Technologies Silicon Laboratories: Necip Sayiner


    sponsored content  

Oct 10, 2006


































The growing sophistication of modern electronic systems is driving increasingly tighter power supply specifications and requiring more intelligent power control methods. The switch to digital power control will happen gradually, but it will happen. Our job as silicon suppliers is to enable the transition by offering enhanced tools that meld the analog and digital worlds together to design more capable, higher performance power supplies. Properly engineered digital power can deliver a lower total cost of ownership, higher system reliability with predictive fault correction, and the ability for remote diagnosis and configuration—all tangible benefits for the customer.
Silicon Laboratories’ digital power solutions leverage our superior mixed-signal expertise to deliver solutions that enhance power system performance, flexibility and reliability, while reducing system size and cost. With proprietary digital control, isolation and high-voltage technologies, Silicon Laboratories’ innovative digital power product portfolio delivers exactly what the next generation of power hardware architectures need.
By definition, a digital power controller performs all system control algorithms in the digital domain. It converts all analog system parameters to digital, and uses this data to compute control response entirely in the digital domain, then writes the updated control information back into the system. Any controller doing less than this is “digitally assisted.” The precise, algorithmic nature of digital control enables more advanced control algorithms for increased system performance, its high integration delivers small size and low-cost control solutions, and its programmability enables hardware platform standardization with software customization for greater manufacturing efficiencies and faster time to market.
While the power supply designer is working to create more accurate, faster responding, more efficient and smaller supplies with each end-product generation, cost is also a key element. That said, system cost is more than just the bill of materials. Other tangible costs, such as manufacturing labor and overhead, customer support and warranty returns, must be included in any analog “break-even” analysis. To this end, digital power control has a long-term cost advantage over its analog control counterparts due to higher integration, and the cost savings resulting from the use of commodity digital IC fabrication technology.
Necip Sayiner serves as president and CEO of Silicon Laboratories and is a member of the board of directors. Necip joined Silicon Laboratories in September 2005, bringing to the company a strong mix of deep technical expertise in mixed-signal technologies and a proven capability to manage and grow large, diversified businesses.
Prior to joining Silicon Laboratories, Necip had a very fast rise within management at Agere Systems, where the 40 year old was vice president and general manager of the approximately $450 million Enterprise and Networking division. Necip established a track record of successful product execution, improvements in operational performance and growth initiatives with aggressive new product introductions. Necip’s ability to transform mature, legacy-oriented businesses to growth-oriented, highly profitable enterprises was a key factor in his success as the vice president and general manager of Agere’s Networking IC division. Necip also held several senior design management positions, and he holds multiple patents related to data detection schemes. Necip holds a bachelor’s degree in electrical engineering and physics from Bosphorus University in Turkey. He holds a master’s degree in electrical engineering from Southern Illinois University and a doctorate in electrical engineering from the University of Pennsylvania. Necip is married with three children and spends much of his personal time with his family. He enjoys traveling, basketball and tennis.
        
                                        


0 comments 


Hide comments

Comment *


More information about text formats
Text format 
CommentsPlain text

CommentsAllowed HTML tags: <em> <strong> <blockquote> <br> <p>Plain textNo HTML tags allowed.Web page addresses and e-mail addresses turn into links automatically.Lines and paragraphs break automatically.

PublishLog in or register to comment






Home page 


Save
 






Related600 V Power MOSFETs Save Space, Increases EfficiencyMar 21, 2016Improve Data-Logging Techniques with the Latest IoT ProductsFeb 02, 2016World Energy ResourcesJan 27, 2016Digital vs. Mechanical Potentiometers: Design Considerations To Maximize System Performance (.PDF download)Apr 01, 2015 
Load More





















































Semiconductor Industry Association - Intersil CEO Necip Sayiner Elected Chair of Semiconductor Industry Association
























































About Us 

About SIA 
A Rich History 
Join Us 
Membership Directory 
Board of Directors 
Staff 
Employment 
Strategic Partners 


Policy Priorities 

Anti-Counterfeiting 
Environment, Safety & Health 
Export Controls 
Global Policy & Trade 
Immigration & Workforce 
Intellectual Property 
Internet of Things 
Research 
Tax 


News 

Blog 
Press Releases 
Videos 
SIA Week in Review 
Archives 


Events & Awards 

Annual Award Dinner 
Upcoming Events 
Event Photos 
Awards 
Noyce 25 


About Semiconductors 

Frequently Asked Questions 
Glossary of Terms 
Global Semiconductor Value Chain 
Semiconductors Improve Our Lives 
Semiconductors Strengthen Our Country 
Semiconductors Build Our Future 


Industry Statistics 

Global Sales Reports 
Historical Billings Reports 
Semiconductor Capacity Utilization (SICAS) Reports 
Purchase Databook 
Purchase End Use Survey 
Purchase WSTS Database Subscription 
Factbook 


Subscriber Login 

Bluebooks 
Forecasts 
WSTS Product Classification 
WSTS Monthly Release Dates 
Change Your Password 
Logout 


Resources 
Contact 


















 




















News



Intersil CEO Necip Sayiner Elected Chair of Semiconductor Industry Association
Tunc Doluca, President and CEO of Maxim Integrated, Elected SIA Vice ChairPublished Thursday, December  3, 2015 4:00 pmby Dan RossoWASHINGTON—Dec. 3, 2015—The Semiconductor Industry Association (SIA), representing U.S. leadership in semiconductor manufacturing, design, and research, today announced the SIA Board of Directors has elected Dr. Necip Sayiner, President, CEO and Director of Intersil, as its 2016 Chair and Tunç Doluca, President and CEO of Maxim Integrated, as its 2016 Vice Chair.
“We are thrilled to welcome Necip Sayiner as SIA’s 2016 Chair,” said John Neuffer, SIA President and CEO. “Necip has a proven record of leadership, a strong technical background, and a firm command of the challenges facing our industry – attributes that will serve him well as SIA Chair in the year ahead.”
Dr. Sayiner joined Intersil as President, CEO and Director in March 2013. Prior to joining Intersil, he served as President, CEO and Director of Silicon Laboratories from September 2005 to April 2012. Sayiner held various other leadership positions at Agere Systems Inc., which included Executive Vice President and General Manager, Enterprise and Networking Division from August 2004 to September 2005; and Vice President and General Manager, Networking ICs Division from March 2002 to August 2004. Dr. Sayiner holds a B.S. in Electrical Engineering and Physics from Bosphorus University in Turkey, an M.S. in Engineering from Southern Illinois University, and a Ph.D. in Electrical Engineering from the University of Pennsylvania.
“The semiconductor industry is the foundation of the U.S. tech sector and an important element of a healthy economy,” said Sayiner. “I look forward to helping advance policies in the year ahead that strengthen our industry by promoting innovation, growth, and open markets.”
Tunç Doluca joined Maxim in 1984 as a Member of Technical Staff and was named the company’s Vice President of R&D in 1993. In 2007, Tunç became the second CEO in the company’s history. During his tenure as CEO, Maxim reorganized product development around end markets and completed nine strategic acquisitions. He oversaw the transition of Maxim’s manufacturing to a more flexible hybrid production model and improved overall manufacturing execution. Tunç was born in Ankara, Turkey, and he holds a BSEE degree from Iowa State University and an MSEE degree from the University of California, Santa Barbara.
“For more than 30 years, Tunç Doluca has been an outstanding leader for Maxim and a devoted champion for our industry,” said Neuffer. “We look forward to putting his skills and experience to use as 2016 SIA Vice Chair.”
“I’m excited to take on a leadership role for SIA in support of the U.S. semiconductor industry,” said Doluca. “We face tremendous opportunities and unprecedented challenges in the coming year, and I look forward to getting to work to help move our industry forward.”
# # #

Go back | Show other stories | Send this page to a friend

About SIA
The Semiconductor Industry Association (SIA) is the voice of the U.S. semiconductor industry, one of America's top export industries and a key driver of America’s economic strength, national security, and global competitiveness. Semiconductors – microchips that control all modern electronics – enable the systems and products we use to work, communicate, travel, entertain, harness energy, treat illness, and make new scientific discoveries. The semiconductor industry directly employs nearly a quarter of a million people in the U.S. In 2014, U.S. semiconductor company sales totaled $173 billion, and semiconductors make the global trillion dollar electronics industry possible. SIA seeks to strengthen U.S. leadership of semiconductor manufacturing, design, and research by working with Congress, the Administration and other key industry stakeholders to encourage policies and regulations that fuel innovation, propel business and drive international competition. 




News

Blog 
Press Releases 
Videos 
SIA Week in Review 
Archives 

















SIA Twitter
Tweets by @SIAAmerica












Charter Members












































































The Semiconductor Industry Association (SIA) is the voice of the U.S. semiconductor industry, one of America's top export industries and a key driver of America's economic strength, national security and global competitiveness.
Learn more>>


About Us
 | Policy Priorities
 | News
 | Events & Awards
 | About Semiconductors
 | Industry Statistics
 | Subscriber Login
 | Resources
 | Contact


Semiconductor Industry Association (SIA)1101 K Street NW | Suite 450 | Washington D.C. 20005 | 866.756.0715 | 202.446.1700 | (f) 202.216.9745
            
2014 All Rights Reserved | Privacy Policy | Credits







TOP


































Necip Sayiner | Intersil Corporation | Email CEO @intersil.com CFO 

















































LOGIN

7 DAY FREE TRIAL






















































 




                    Intersil Corporation





intersil.com





1001 Murphy Ranch Road                 
                 
Milpitas, CA 95035
Phone: 408-432-8888
Fax: 408-434-5351










 





                        Ticker: ISIL 








Type:

                    Public                
Employees:

1000 - 4999

Revenue: 

500 Million - 1 Billion

Industry:  
                    Computer Hardware->Semiconductors                
SIC Code:  
                     3674  - Semiconductors and Related Devices
















View:




Employees



IT Intelligence



News



Currently Hiring




Historical Trends









 IT INTELLIGENCE











Show All 
Accounting Software
Applicant Tracking
Appointment Scheduling
Architectural Drafting
Attendance Tracking
Auto Dealer
Business Continuity
Business Process Management
Call Center
Catalog Management
Computer Simulation
Construction Accounting
CPU
Data Entry
Distribution
Donation Management
Fleet Management
Food Service Management
Funeral Home
Hardware
Healthcare Management
IDE
Inventory Control
Investment Management
Knowledge Management
Learning Management System
Library Automation
Manufacturing Execution
Math Algebra Systems
Mortgage and Loans
Other
Payroll
Performance Appraisal
Physical Security
Procurement
Productivity
Programming Languages
Recruiting
Scheduling
School Accounting
Software Frameworks
SPC
Supply Chain Management
Training








Modeling



Modeling
                                       No Description Available 
                                        


PeopleSoft



PeopleSoft
PeopleSoft, Inc. was a company that provided software for manufacturing, enterprise performance management, and student administration to large corporations, governments, and organizations.



HireRight



HireRight
                                       No Description Available 
                                        


Sign up to see all












Helpful Hint
The Inside View displays a list of technologies and products used internally at a company




                        F
                        i
                        r
                        e
                        w
                        a
                        l
                        l
                  








Show All AudioVideo










YouTube
YouTube is a video-sharing website, created by three former PayPal employees in February 2005 and owned by Google since late 2006, on which users can upload, view and share videos. 



Sign up to see all













Helpful Hint
The Outside View displays all the technologies and devices which can be seen on the Internet





 NEWS AND BACKGROUND
 NEWS AND BACKGROUND








Company in the News



                                            December 09, 2016 - M&A
AcquiredRenesas Electronics CorporationAmountUndisclosedOtherNot Complete
Read Entire Article



 Sign up to see all press events 









Background

                                       Full company description is available with the free trial.            


















Name 
Email Address
Department 
Get Data











                                        Necip Sayiner                                    

Title: President and CEO








Free Trial For Email


Executive

export









                                        Michael Boehm                                    

Title: Director - Human Resources








Free Trial For Email


Executive

export









                                        Niall Lyne                                    

Title: Director Automotive PL








Free Trial For Email


Executive

export









                                        Craig Oates                                    

Title: Principal Product/Test Engineer








Free Trial For Email


Technology

export









                                        Adam Vaughn                                    

Title: Applications Engineer








Free Trial For Email


Technology

export









                                        Andy Carrow                                    

Title: Principal CAD Engineer








Free Trial For Email


Technology

export









                                        Tim Dodd                                    

Title: Test Engineer







                         No Email Avail                            
Technology

export









                                        Diep Nguyen                                    

Title: Lead Product Engineer








Free Trial For Email


Technology

export









                                        Richard Hood                                    

Title: Product Engineer








Free Trial For Email


Technology

export









                                        Cindy Lam                                    

Title: Lead Buyer








Free Trial For Email


Finance

export









                                        Naresh Shetty                                    

Title: Product Marketing (Global)








Free Trial For Email


Other

export









                                        Chris Chiraphanda                                    

Title: Senior Product/test engineering mananger








Free Trial For Email


Other

export









                                        Joey Jenne                                    

Title: Sr. IT Manager








Free Trial For Email


Executive

export









                                        Chuck Wong                                    

Title: Application Manager







                         No Email Avail                            
Executive

export









                                        Edward Kohler                                    

Title: Strategic Marketing Manager








Free Trial For Email


Executive

export









                                        Jonpaul Jandu                                    

Title: Senior Marketing Manager








Free Trial For Email


Executive

export









                                        Robin Nursey                                    

Title: Director, IT








Free Trial For Email


Technology

export









                                        Jim Witte                                    

Title: Sr. Manager = IT








Free Trial For Email


Technology

export








Showing 1 to 
                18                                

                                    of 521 entries            

 Free Trial to view full entries 







 LEVEL AND ORGANIZATION
 LEVEL AND ORGANIZATION












 HISTORICAL TRENDS
 HISTORICAL TRENDS















Yearly


Quarterly




































Weekly


Quarterly









































 
Poll Question
Date Created
Current Result
Votes








Only for logged in user.




Additional Info:
If you don't want to waste too much time looking for company information regarding Intersil Corporation, a Semiconductors company, check out their Lead411 profile. Our profiles have linkedin data, phone numbers, cfo contacts, and more. It contains helpful contact information regarding top company officials, including that of Intersil Corporation's CEO Necip Sayiner, and other Intersil Corporation email format addresses within the @intersil.com domain. Intersil Corporation is based in Milpitas, CA.  If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@intersil.com addresses.


Company Background:
Full company description is available with the free trial.


Ceo Reference:
Necip Sayiner
A Milpitas, CA-based organization, Intersil Corporation is just one of the many Lead411 profiles that you can find contact information, like phone numbers and emails. Their profile includes @intersil.com email addresses, as well as details on Necip Sayiner's email, the organization's President and CEO. Their profile can be found in Semiconductors category. If you also need twitter, facebook, linkedin, wiki, and biography details for Necip Sayiner, you can also find them in Lead411.  Some possible email formats for Necip Sayiner are NSayiner@intersil.com, Necip.Sayiner@intersil.com, Necip@intersil.com, and Necip_Sayiner@intersil.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@intersil.com addresses.


Similar Companies:
Qualcomm Atheros, Inc
Want to know how to get in touch with them? Lead411 has the email addresses of Qualcomm Atheros, Inc's top officials for the company domain @atheros.com format.  Qualcomm Atheros, Inc is a Semiconductors company centred in San Diego, CA and our profiles could include more contact information like cfo people, linkedin contacts, phone numbers and facebook pages.  If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@atheros.com addresses.
Microsemi Corporation
Want to know how to get in touch with them? Lead411 has the email addresses of Microsemi Corporation's top officials for the company domain @microsemi.com format.  Microsemi Corporation is a Semiconductors company centred in Aliso Viejo, CA and our profiles could include more contact information like cfo people, linkedin contacts, phone numbers and facebook pages.  If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@microsemi.com addresses.
MoSys Inc
MoSys Inc, a Semiconductors company, is based in Santa Clara, CA. They can be reached through MoSys Inc email format addresses indicated on their Lead411 profile with a domain of @mosys.com.  If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@mosys.com addresses.




Company Directory > Intersil Corporation





























Necip Sayiner - Executive Bio, Compensation History, and Contacts - Equilar Atlas










 

















Log in | Sign up








x

 






As Featured In



















Necip Sayiner
Dir., President and Chief Executive Officer at Intersil Corporation


View Full Profile
Are you Necip Sayiner? Claim your profile


 


Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Necip Sayiner's full profile. 
With Equilar Atlas, you can:



IDENTIFY corporate executives in Necip Sayiner's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Necip Sayiner's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Necip Sayiner through your network of contacts.
												








Necip Sayiner's Executive Work History


Current


Dir., President and Chief Executive Officer, 
Intersil Corporation


Past
To view Necip Sayiner's complete executive work history, sign up now
Education


														 B.S., 
															University of Pennsylvania


Age
51

 
 


Necip Sayiner's Biography



Dr. Sayiner,  age 51, has served as our President, CEO and Director since March 14, 2013.  Prior to joining Intersil, from September 2005 to April 2012, he served as President, Chief Executive Officer, and Director of Silicon Laboratories, a fabless semiconductor company engaged in the design of analog-intensive, mixed-signal integrated circuits. Prior to joining Silicon Laboratories, Dr. Sayiner held various leadership positions at Agere Systems Inc., which included Executive Vice President and General Manager, Enterprise and Networking Division from August 2004 to September 2005; and Vice President and General Manager, Networking ICs Divisi ...
(Read More)

			Dr. Sayiner,  age 51, has served as our President, CEO and Director since March 14, 2013.  Prior to joining Intersil, from September 2005 to April 2012, he served as President, Chief Executive Officer, and Director of Silicon Laboratories, a fabless semiconductor company engaged in the design of analog-intensive, mixed-signal integrated circuits. Prior to joining Silicon Laboratories, Dr. Sayiner held various leadership positions at Agere Systems Inc., which included Executive Vice President and General Manager, Enterprise and Networking Division from August 2004 to September 2005; and Vice President and General Manager, Networking ICs Division from March 2002 to August 2004.  Dr. Sayiner served as Chairman of the Semiconductor Industry Association, or SIA, from December 2015 to November 2016 and as Vice Chairman from November 2014 to December 2015.  Dr. Sayiner was initially appointed to the Board of the SIA in September 2013.  Dr. Sayiner's qualifications to serve as a Director include his analog IC company management experience, including President, CEO and Director at a publicly traded semiconductor company and his product development and engineering experience.
		
Source: Intersil Corporation on 02/23/2017
		
	

 






Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Necip Sayiner's full profile. 



												By accessing Equilar Atlas, you can view bios, network, salary and wealth events
												of industry-leading executives like Necip Sayiner. More specifically, you'll be able to:
												

IDENTIFY corporate executives in Necip Sayiner's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Necip Sayiner's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Necip Sayiner through your network of conections.
												




View Full Profile


 








Search for over 360,000 executive profiles.





/bio



													Example: Necip Sayiner


















Necip Sayiner's Connections (45)





Sign up now to view Necip Sayiner's 45 connections »









Robert T. Enloe
Board Member, Live Nation Entertainment, Inc.









Gregory S. Lang
Former President and Chief Executive Officer, PMC-Sierra Inc.









Kristen M. Onken
Former Board Member, Seagate Technology plc









Ernest E. Maddock
Chief Financial Officer and Vice President, Finance, Micron Technology, Inc.









James A. Urry
Former Board Member, Intersil Corporation









Gary R. Gay
Former Senior Vice President, Worldwide Sales, Silicon Laboratories Inc.









Donald Macleod
Board Member, Broadcom









Navdeep S. Sooch
Board Member, Silicon Laboratories Inc.









Harvey B. Cash
Board Member, Ciena Corporation









Mercedes Johnson
Board Member, Micron Technology, Inc.








Popular Profiles






														Sign up now to view more executive profiles »
														









Thomas J. Lynch
Executive Chairman, TE Connectivity Ltd.









John J. Kita
EVP and CFO, A. O. Smith









Elon R. Musk
CEO and Chairman, Tesla









Claiborne P. Deming
Chairman of the Board, Murphy Oil Corporation









Daniel A. DeMatteo
Executive Chairman, GameStop Corp.












×

Claim Your Profile Coming Soon
Interested in updating your biography and work history?
We're working on making it happen.
We'll email you when this feature is available.
Please enter valid email address.

Done


Thank you for your interest.
Ok






			Browse executive profiles:
			
				 A
			
				 B
			
				 C
			
				 D
			
				 E
			
				 F
			
				 G
			
				 H
			
				 I
			
				 J
			
				 K
			
				 L
			
				 M
			
				 N
			
				 O
			
				 P
			
				 Q
			
				 R
			
				 S
			
				 T
			
				 U
			
				 V
			
				 W
			
				 X
			
				 Y
			
				 Z



Equilar Homepage
Equilar Atlas
Equilar Insight
Equilar BoardEdge
Equilar Engage
Research Services
Knowledge Network
About Us
Login

� 2017 Equilar All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
1100 Marshall Street, Redwood City, CA 94063 | Phone (650) 241-6600 | Fax (650) 701-0993

























































Brief Biography of Necip Sayiner | Renesas Electronics











Renesas Electronics




Search






Everything













Corporate Headquarters



Corporate Headquarters
Americas
Brazil (Português)
Europe/Middle East/Africa
Japan (日本語)
Mainland China/Hong Kong Region (简体中文)
Singapore/South & Southeast Asia/Oceania
India
South Korea (한국어)
Taiwan Region (繁體中文)

























                 Home
    	



                 Press Center
    	



                 2017
    	



                 Renesas Electronics Announces Appointment of Necip Sayiner as Executive Vice President
    	






Share



LinkedIn
Facebook
Twitter
Mail
Link


















Stock PriceInvestor Relations













Brief Biography of Necip Sayiner












Necip Sayiner
Executive Vice President of Renesas Electronics Corporation
President, Chief Executive Officer, and Director of Intersil Corporation
 


Dr. Sayiner joined Intersil as President, CEO and Director on March 14, 2013. Prior to joining Intersil, from September 2005 to April 2012, he served as President and Chief Executive Officer, and Director of Silicon Laboratories, a fabless semiconductor company engaged in the design of analog-intensive, mixed-signal integrated circuits. Prior to joining Silicon Laboratories, Dr. Sayiner held various leadership positions at Agere Systems Inc., which included Executive Vice President and General Manager, Enterprise and Networking Division from August 2004 to September 2005; and Vice President and General Manager, Networking ICs Division from March 2002 to August 2004.
 
Dr. Sayiner holds a B.S. in Electrical Engineering and a B.S. in Physics from Bosphorus University in Turkey, an M.S. in Engineering from Southern Illinois University, and a Ph.D. in Electrical Engineering from the University of Pennsylvania.












The content in the press release, including, but not limited to, product prices and specifications, is based on the information as of the date indicated on the document, but may be subject to change without prior notice.



Back to Top




Menu














Contact


Intersil's (ISIL) CEO Necip Sayiner on Q2 2016 Results - Earnings Call Transcript | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO»Intersil's (ISIL) CEO Necip Sayiner on Q2 2016 Results - Earnings Call TranscriptJul.31.16 | About: Intersil Corporation (ISIL) Intersil Corporation (NASDAQ:ISIL)
Q2 2016 Earnings Conference Call
July 28, 2016, 5:00 PM ET
Executives
Shannon Pleasant - Vice President of Corporate Communications
Necip Sayiner - President, Chief Executive Officer and Director
Rick Crowley - Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer
Analysts
Matt Diamond - Deutsche Bank
Cody Acree - Drexel Hamilton
Craig Ellis - B. Riley & Company
Tore Svanberg - Stifel
Ian Ing - MKM Partners
John Pitzer - Credit Suisse
Chris Caso - CLSA
Operator
Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Intersil Corporation's Second Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this call may be recorded.
I would now like to introduce your host for today's conference, Shannon Pleasant, Vice President of Corporate Communications. Please go ahead, ma'am.
Shannon Pleasant
Good afternoon and thank you for joining us today. I'm here with Necip Sayiner, Intersil's President and Chief Executive Officer, and Rick Crowley, Intersil's Chief Financial Officer. We will discuss our financial performance and provide a summary of our outlook.
After our prepared comments, we will have a question-and-answer session. Our earnings press release and the accompanying financial tables are available on the Investor Relations section of our website at ir.intersil.com. This call is also being webcasted and a replay will be available through August 11.
Please note that the comments made during this conference call may contain forward-looking statements subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to vary. These risk factors are discussed in detail in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
Also, the non-GAAP financial measurements that are discussed today are not intended to replace the presentation of Intersil's GAAP financial results. We are providing this information because it may enable investors to perform meaningful comparisons of operating results and more clearly highlight the results of core ongoing operations. Non-GAAP financial measures referenced during today's call can be found in the reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP results provided in today's earnings press release.
I will now turn the call over to Intersil President and CEO, Necip Sayiner.
Necip Sayiner
Thanks, Shannon, and hello, everyone. Second quarter results reflect a major turning point for our business. With revenue of $134 million in Q2, we grew year-over-year and both C&C and I&I were up year-over-year for the first time in five years. Strong gross margin, lower OpEx compared to a year ago and improved operating margin are creating even greater leverage, a trend we expect to continue.
With the business in better health and on a growth path, we are staying focused on executing to our strategy of dominating key markets with our power management technology. Throughout the turnaround we’ve been buffeted by end market ups and downs.
Our largest end market, industrials, is slowly, yet steadily, recovering from the weakness in the second half of 2015, while automotive continues to be a bright spot. Those two end markets comprised about half of our revenue today so the improved outlook is encouraging. There are still things out of our control that can impact the pace of our recovery. In a multi-speed demand environment like this, the key to success for us continues to be product-cycle-driven market share gain.
The recent strength in our business reflects ramps of new products as we enjoy the first of three anticipated growth rate. With Q2 bookings and Q3's starting backlog at the highest we have seen in the last eight quarters, we are set up to deliver a growth year in 2016. And, importantly, we are continuing to make real progress towards achieving our target model with gross margin forecasted to be at 60% and operating margins improving again in Q3.

I will provide more detail on the specifics of our business after Rick reviews the financial results. Rick?
Rick Crowley
Thank you, Necip. Second quarter GAAP results include $10 million for impairment of fixed assets and $3.5 million in restructuring and related charges associated with the plan announced last month to shutdown the 200-millimeter line at our fab in Florida. The investment in the 200-millimeter line was undertaken to extend the production life for certain products manufactured at IBM when the supply commitments were set to expire at the end of 2014.
In July 2015, Global Foundries acquired the IBM fabs and recently decided to continue long-term manufacturing support for our products. To avoid future capital investment to maintain our 200-millimeter line, we determined it would be beneficial to our long-term cost structure to source manufacturing for these products from Global Foundries. We will continue to support our 4-inch and 6-inch manufacturing lines at our internal fab, which provides about 15% of our total wafer requirements.
Now for the remainder of the GAAP results. GAAP gross margin for the second quarter was up again to 59.4%, a 60 basis point sequential increase. Total second quarter operating expenses increased on a sequential basis to $77.1 million, with R&D investment of $34.2 million, SG&A expense of $25.2 million, and other charges of $17.6 million.
GAAP operating income declined sequentially to $2.5 million or 2% of revenue. Q2 GAAP net income was $1.4 million, resulting in earnings per share of $0.01. For the third quarter, we anticipate the production transfer will result in an additional restructuring charge to GAAP results of approximately $1 million to $2 million.
On a non-GAAP basis, second quarter gross margin improved once again, rising to 59.6%. This improvement was driven by an increased mix of I&I revenue and within I&I, particular strength of our aerospace products. We expect Q3 gross margin will increase again as we benefit from higher revenue and a favorable mix of new products within C&C. The decommissioning of our internal 200-millimeter line will also provide a modest near-term benefit to gross margin and we expect a further 25 basis points to 50 basis points benefit in the long run from the reduction in fixed costs.
Q2 operating expenses were up sequentially by $1 million to $51.6 million, but were below year-ago levels. R&D investment was $30.4 million and SG&A expense was $21.2 million. We expect operating expenses to be down sequentially in Q3 as we benefit from cost reduction efforts and the absence of non-recurring expenses in Q2 related to technology development and sales training.
We believe the changes we've made to the Company's overall cost structure will result in significant earnings leverage and prove to be an inflection point in the trajectory to achieving our non-GAAP financial model of 60% gross margin and 25% operating margin. Q2 non-GAAP operating income increased sequentially and year over year to $28.3 million.
Operating margin was 21.1% in the second quarter, an improvement of 110 basis points sequentially and 80 basis points year-over-year. The second quarter non-GAAP effective tax rate was 15.3%. Non-GAAP net income increased 11% sequentially and 7% year over year to $23.6 million in Q2, resulting in non-GAAP earnings per share of $0.17. In Q3, we expect our non-GAAP tax rate will be in the range of 16% to 17%.
Turning now to the balance sheet. Quarter ending cash and cash equivalents increased to $257 million. Accounts receivable balances increased by about $5 million sequentially although days sales outstanding were consistent with historical averages at 36 days. On-hand inventory levels increased, ending at $69 million or 116 days.

This increase resulted from a buffer inventory build related to the manufacturing transition we talked about. Excluding the approximately $6 million buffer build; our inventory would have been down sequentially. We do expect our inventory will begin declining again. Q2 free cash flow remained solid and we returned $18.9 million to shareholders through our high-yielding dividend.
I'm encouraged by the strong results in Q2 and believe, based on our current outlook, that we can make significant progress toward achieving our long-term gross and operating margin targets in the second half of this year. Necip?
Necip Sayiner
Thank you, Rick. Let's start with our C&C business, which exceeds year-over-year growth for the third consecutive quarter. C&C represented 34% of Company revenue and was down 3.6% sequentially due to anticipated weakness in our consumer business. You'll remember that last quarter we talked about new tablet brands resulting in [indiscernible] in Q2, which is consistent with how the quarter played out.
While our customers' innovative new platforms have been successful, the forecast has moderated recently, but we expect that, as those platforms become dominant within their sales mix, we will continue to benefit. Partially offsetting Q3 tablet demand is strong adoption in new platforms at leading smartphone customers like Huawei where we are expanding our footprint into more models.
Computing revenue was down slightly sequentially and up about 10% year-over-year. Skylake adoption has been steadily increasing, which is reflected in the year-over-year improvement. We should see some acceleration into Q3, which will allow the computing business to grow sequentially. Combined, we expect the C&C business to be up mid single-digits sequentially in Q3. I&I revenue grew a strong 8% sequentially in Q2 and represented 66% of company revenue. I&I also increased modestly year-over-year as a result of strength across the various product lines.
I'll start with industrial analog, which represented 21% of Company revenue and was up sequentially by 5%. This business was the hardest hit last year when the industrial market slowed and Q2 revenue was still behind by more than 10% compared to the same quarter last year. However, bookings are slowly but consistently improving and we expect to close the gap further as we go into Q3.
Automotive remained near record levels, representing 13% of revenue. Demand is robust across both power and video applications where expanding content is providing a strong growth opportunity. We continue to win with power products in the cabin, managing power in the infotainment console, for example. We're also anticipating increasing share under the hood in hybrid and electric vehicles.
In Q2, we introduced a very competitive battery pack monitor that in combination with our battery manager, allows customers to achieve the highest safety integrity level. We have also been investing in technologies to intersect the trends in automotive display. Laser heads-up displays are the latest innovation in the advanced driver assistance systems.
They project speed, warning signals, and other vehicle and navigation information on the windshield directly in the driver's line of sight. We recently introduced a device for heads-up display systems that pulses four high-intensity lasers to project full HD color video onto the windshield. Our higher current and faster switching speed enables high resolution displays for next-generation vehicles and adds to our content opportunity in automotive.
Aerospace revenue was at record levels as well in Q2, representing 13% of revenue. The increase in the quarter was a result of a large order from a long-standing aerospace customer. We also continue to expand the portfolio to increase our content. Our latest new product offers the industry's highest signal-processing performance for data critical to communications satellites. This is a lumpy but very high margin business and while we expect it to decline from this level sequentially in Q3, customer engagement remains high.

I&I power, which was 19% of Company revenue, was up again sequentially. Power modules continue to be a strong area for us as we penetrate both large OEMs and expand our presence in this channel. We added to the portfolio again in Q2 with 5-amp and 3-amp power modules that offer industry-leading metrics on both density and efficiency for battery-powered applications.
Growth trends are favorable again as we go into Q3 with power modules expected to make a sizeable step up in revenue. With good dynamics across the Board in our I&I business, we expect revenue to be slightly up sequentially in Q3. Taking a balanced view of end market demand in Q3, we are expecting total revenue in the range of $135 million to $140 million.
At the midpoint of the guidance, this represents about a 7% year-over-year increase with similar percentage growth in both C&C and I&I. We believe gross margin will be up 50 basis points, achieving our 60% target. Non-GAAP operating expenses are expected to decrease and be in the range of $49 million to $51 million. We anticipate GAAP earnings of $0.11 to $0.13 per share. Earnings per share on a non-GAAP basis, excluding amortization, restructuring, and stock compensation, are expected to be $0.18 to $0.20.
With that, we'll take your questions.
Shannon Pleasant
Thank you, Necip. We'd now like to open the call for questions. Operator, please review the Q&A instructions with the call participants
Question-and-Answer Session
Operator
Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from the line of Ross Seymore of Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Matt Diamond
Hey. Good afternoon, guys. This is actually Matt Diamond on Ross' behalf. The first question I have is that we knew that there are 25 basis points to 50 basis points of expansion from the Palm Bay shuttering. Could you give us sort of a timeframe when you expect that to happen? Is there an inflection point or a hockey stick? Or is it just literally a step up from quarter to quarter from here?
Rick Crowley
It's a, we said, long-term benefit. We meant that it probably is going to be realized in 12 months to 18 months, that additional 25 basis points to 30 basis points.
Matt Diamond
Okay. And the C&C, sort of the longer-term outlook, beyond 3Q. Is there anything to call out beyond normal seasonality there?
Necip Sayiner
I think that the demand we are seeing in our consumer business for Q3 is certainly sub-seasonal, in my judgement. I think we will start seeing some return to normal patterns in that business as well as adding the new layer of design wins in consumer that we've been talking about heading into 2017. The computing side of C&C, as I remarked, is showing continued improvement as the percentage of Skylake platforms are steadily increasing and we expect that to continue well into 2017.
Matt Diamond
Okay, excellent. And, last one; the same question in auto. Any directional impact for the second half of the year?
Necip Sayiner
We are expecting yet another record quarter in Q3 in our automotive business. I think it's a little too early to call out Q4, but we don't see anything in the horizon that will shake the strength in that business. It's going very, very strong for us at the moment.
Matt Diamond
All right. Excellent. Thanks so much guys and congrats again.
Necip Sayiner
Thank you.
Operator
Thank you. Our next question is from Cody Acree of Drexel Hamilton. Your line is open.
Cody Acree
Thanks, guys, for taking my questions and congratulations on the year-over-year growth. Necip, maybe if we can start there and just your level of visibility. You mentioned that some of the consumer programs that you had expected to start to ramp, you were digesting some inventory, that maybe that demand hadn't come in quite as strong as you'd expected. Can you just talk about what's happening there and maybe what gives you confidence that that starts to pick up maybe later in the year?

Necip Sayiner
Yes. We have the platform with the products that we got on tablet platforms. We have 100% share on new platforms. So, the demand for our products is really a function of the adoption rate of the newer platforms and the customer sales mix.
As far as the smartphone side of things are concerned, we are quite pleased with the continuing proliferation of our products, especially in our leading customer into more models. They continue adopting our products. And so, there are some puts and takes. We would have expected, perhaps, the consumer revenue overall to be higher than what we're guiding to.
But I think the important thing is that, in spite of that sub-seasonal trend, every other end market that we are addressing is quite strong. So we were able to show the revenue growth year-over-year and earnings leverage.
Cody Acree
And then, Necip, can you talk about the funnel, I guess, on the consumer side? Knowing that these things take quarters to ramp into and I know that you've been working to broaden beyond the current design win set. So, as we look into 2017, are we looking just a broader portfolio mix within the current OEMs? Or how broad a net can you cast so that it doesn't quite depend so much as to one platform or one OEM's success and you can kind of grow as the market continues to transition?
Necip Sayiner
Yes, that's the great question. I think there are two elements. One is increase of content on the platforms that we have won as we move into their next-generation platforms in the next 12 months to 18 months. So, there is going to be a content increase in what we bring to those platforms.
And, secondly, we have brought to market some real innovative products earlier this year and we have some major design-ins for 2017 platforms, particularly on the handset side. But I think I am going to, for now, leave it at that and leave the color for subsequent calls.
Cody Acree
But is that an expansion of the OEM base or is that within current customers?
Necip Sayiner
On the smartphone side, it's an expansion of the customer base as well as a higher content.
Cody Acree
Perfect. And then, lastly, just if we look, maybe, beyond Skylake, and you just look at the computing side of this business as a whole knowing that you're working architectures in the future for Intel and maybe the reduction of the competitive landscape, the number of competitors. Do you think that the computing market, long term, for you can be a growth market? Or, once we get through the Skylake transition, do you have to suffer the secular declines that maybe we're seeing in PCs as a whole?
Necip Sayiner
You know we're not viewing the PC side of our business necessarily as a big growth engine. The units will continue to decline. On the VCORE side, we have the ASP increase with Skylake and the follow-on two generations also maintain that kind of content.
The growth for us really comes, in computing, from battery chargers. Irrespective of the decline in overall units for our VCORE offering, the growth later this year and into 2017 and 2018 coming at the heels of adoption of our battery charger offerings where we did not have a very significant share to start with and that's changing positively for us. So, I would say for the next two, three years, the dynamics are reasonably good. But, long term, we view it as a declining unit market.
Cody Acree
Good. And then, I'm sorry, lastly, Rick, not to ignore you, obviously. Could you just talk about your OpEx expectations given all the programs that you've got to manage and pay for?
Rick Crowley
Yes. I think that, as we're guiding here, we've done, I think, a very good job of managing OpEx and resetting our OpEx to a new level here, which we expect to sustain. And that's going to put us on a trajectory to obtain our target model on the op margin basis of 25% more quickly than I think anyone, including ourselves, had been planning to get to. And we're looking to contain OpEx as we grow the top line and provide good fall-through and leverage as we move forward.

Cody Acree
Perfect. Thank you, guys. Congrats and thanks for the questions.
Operator
Thank you. Our next question is from Craig Ellis of B. Riley. Your line is open.
Craig Ellis
Thanks for taking the question and congratulations on the second quarter. I wanted to follow up on Cody's question a little bit and a comment that you made, Necip, regarding the Phase I, Phase II, Phase III of growth. It seems like we're progressing through phase one pretty nicely here as you're getting sustained year-on-year growth. And, as you look ahead to the second phase of growth as that broadens out and accelerates, can you help convey to us where you've got more visibility and more confidence in the growth that's coming as part of that second phase?
Necip Sayiner
So, there is a 1.2 I alluded to with respect to C&C. We are equally, if not more, excited about phase two in infrastructure. We have been talking about design wins for our digital multi-phase product, power-stage product for next-generation data center infrastructure. So, that is the [indiscernible] generation based on Skylake architecture, just around the corner. And we're starting to now get forecasts from our early-adopter customers. We'll start shipping in earnest in the very beginning of 2017, it appears. That's a significant step up for us because of the content we bring into that generation of data centers.
And automotive has been a very bright spot for us this year. At this point, we're looking at somewhere north of 20% year-on-year growth in that business. But there is an inflection yet to come with 2018 and beyond models. So, that's the phase three. We've got good visibility into those programs, design wins very intact with our customers. So, we're excited about that potential.
Craig Ellis
That's helpful. Thank you. And then, moving over to Rick. Rick, can you just go through some of the dynamics behind the decision on Palm Bay? I think it's understandable why you made the 200-millimeter line change. One, why does it make more sense for you just to stick with the 4-inch and 6-inch? And, as you make the move on 200-millimeter, is there any ancillary benefit to OpEx that you get or is that purely a COG savings that accrues?
Rick Crowley
Yes, Craig. Good question on the 4-inch and 6-inch line. The processes we're running on these lines are generally proprietary and they produce our very high margin mil/aero and analog products. So, when you look at the economics or we look at the economics of it, it makes sense to continue where we are with the know-how and the cost structure because the cost benefit of moving it outside really doesn't play out; number one.
And, with respect to the second part of your question, yes there's some modest impacts to OpEx from the reductions and the actions we've taken. And that's baked into our guide here for Q3.
Craig Ellis
And then, the follow-up to that, Rick, would be that as we look back over the last couple years it seems like you continue to pull a rabbit out of the hat in terms of incremental cost savings that you're able to find. As you assess the opportunities to further streamline the cost structure, whether it's on the manufacturing side or on the OpEx side, how much wiggle room is left? Is there any low or mid-hanging fruit or are we fairly well optimized with this manufacturing move?
Rick Crowley
Well, I think the mindset we use is always tried to look for improved efficiencies and to try to get costs out. That said, I think we've gotten the larger items. We're certainly looking to sustain the investment that it takes to get our new products out and not compromise that. So, I think that's the main points that we want to get out in response to your question.
Necip Sayiner
I would also add that I think, over the last two, three years, we have managed to become more efficient with the use of our R&D dollars and how the projects are executed on and the amount of IT re-use that we can bring to bear. So, we are actually able to do more with a fixed amount of R&D dollars compared to, say, three years ago.

Craig Ellis
Got it. Thanks, guys.
Operator
Thank you. Our next question is from Tore Svanberg of Stifel. Your line is open.
Tore Svanberg
Yes. Thank you. Nice quarter. Maybe I can ask the OpEx question a bit differently. So, with all the merger mania going on in the analog space and now that you're growing your top line again, and it does sounds like you have a pretty good funnel as well, why actually not go out and hire some experienced engineers instead of just keeping the OpEx flat?
Necip Sayiner
Well, we didn't say we were going to keep the OpEx flat going forward. I think our desire is to continue to grow our R&D commensurate with revenue growth. I think we have certainly more room to do that in the next 12 months to 24 months than we've had thus far in the turnaround. And, yes, there are, I think, very capable engineers not far from us who are available. Maybe we can be successful in recruiting them.
So, the desire here is certainly not to continue to plant on OpEx. We're going to squeeze all the inefficiency we find in the organization. But we want to be in a position to continue investing and growing our product investment.
Tore Svanberg
That's fair. And maybe moving to a more near-term question. So, I know 90 days ago you had pretty strong bookings momentum. I'm just wondering where that stands today. I think you did mention bookings were up in the quarter, but sort of more from the linearity perspective, how are orders trending?
Necip Sayiner
Yes. As I mentioned, it was the highest order in two years, Q2. And that was pretty linear. I mean we had - different companies have different schedules on how they book orders, et cetera. So that can change. But, for us, it's been steady throughout Q2. We didn't see any particular difference in terms of linearity. It has been, I think, nicely broad and predictable, I would say, in terms of weekly bookings rate.
Tore Svanberg
Very good. And, Necip, on the industrial business, you were talking about a recovery there and closing the gap on the year-over-year performance. Is that a reflection of the end market or is it actually some Intersil-specific products that are going into production?
Necip Sayiner
I think that on the margins we might be – let me take it one at a time. On analog and power business, which is almost all of industrial, we have seen a trough in Q4 of last year. I think we called that one correctly. And both businesses improved in Q1 and Q2. And Q3 is also looking to be flat to up. So, I would say that's largely end market driven. We, in the margins, have been able to gain some share, particularly with our power modules that drove the improvement over those few quarters. But I'm going attribute most of the improvement from Q4 trough to where we are to improving end market demand.
Tore Svanberg
Very good. Great job, guys. Thank you.
Necip Sayiner
Thank you.
Operator
Thank you. Our next question is from Ian Ing of MKM Partners. Your line is open.
Ian Ing
Yes. Thank you. First of all, Rick, a clarification. The Palm Bay shutdown having a modest near-term benefit to gross margins, how much is that influencing the guidance of 50 basis points? And I'm assuming it's building buffer inventory and running the factories hot right now.
Rick Crowley
Ian, no, actually it's not. We're actually beginning the ramp down immediately. It's already begun. So, it's really the taking cost out as quickly as we can this quarter. And it's very modest. It's a fairly small portion of the 50 basis point improvement.
Ian Ing
Okay, that's helpful. And, Necip, as you look at your server design wins, could you talk a bit about the competitive landscape and your sense of server power? You know Maxim on recent calls also pretty vocal about their data center opportunity, 12 volts, and then leading into 48 volts into next year. Thanks.

Necip Sayiner
Yes. The content we bring with next generation are both controllers based on our digital power technology as well as our smart power stage offering. Our controllers are capable of supporting both 12-volt and 48-volt topology and the design wins that we have are from both flavors. I think we have done a decent job, I would say, in garnering share for our first-generation digital power technology for servers. There is certainly growing interest, having established ourselves as a player for the refresh and follow-on generations. But, we feel pretty good about the level of performance that we can bring to the table in terms of efficiency and transient performance.
Ian Ing
Great. And then a question for both of you. You have a bit of a high-class problem here. As your fundamentals improve, your free cash flow return to shareholders is declining. I'm getting 65% now on a trailing 12 month basis. So my question is; is there some sort of minimum threshold where you need to perhaps revisit? Are you going to look at share buybacks or dividend increases? Is there some threshold that you're looking at or a place where you'd start looking at having that conversation?
Rick Crowley
Well, we evaluate on an ongoing basis with the board. And we do look at dividend yield and the payout ratio. We still have a very high dividend yield. And so far, through the first half of the year, we've paid out 87% of our free cash flow in the form of a dividend. So that's still a pretty high payout ratio. I think we're probably one of the better in the industries. So at this stage, there's no immediate plans to change the dividend or we don't have a buyback authorization approved. But at the same time, we think that our dividend is certainly a very efficient and effective return of capital to shareholders.
Ian Ing
Okay. If I could squeeze one more in. Do you see builds right now? Do you have a sense of maybe the ratio of Skylake versus Haswell and Broadwell? I know, at one point you said Skylake was still only less than half of the builds.
Necip Sayiner
I think at this point they have just crossed the 50% mark with Skylake.
Ian Ing
Okay. Thank you very much.
Necip Sayiner
Thank you.
Rick Crowley
You're welcome.
Operator
Thank you. Our next question is from John Pitzer of Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
John Pitzer
Hey. Good afternoon, guys. Thanks for letting me ask the question. Let me add my congratulations on return to year-over-year growth. Necip, a lot of my questions have been answered, but I'm just kind of curious, with all the repositioning that you guys have gone through over the last 12 months to 18 months, you mentioned earlier that you thought your Q3 guide was below seasonal for some specific factors. Can you just help to level-set us all on the call, given where your portfolio is today, how you view normal seasonal for Q3 and Q4 on a sequential basis?
Necip Sayiner
That's a good question. So my remark was based on what we would expect Q3 to mean for our consumer platform. Having won new platforms, I would have expected to see a higher sequential growth for us. But compared to Q3 of the previous two years, it looks, of course, favorable. The last two years, C&C was down sequentially in Q3, but that is not what I expect from a business that is enjoying product cycles and leading platforms and customers. So I think C&C should be viewed as a bit of a subpar sequentially in Q3.
In terms of I&I, there is a lot to be pleased about what we're seeing in that business today. The headwinds in industrial, particularly analog, have subsided. Automotive is doing very well. Mil/aero is contributing. So there is a lot of momentum in general. I think we're staying flat to slightly up sequentially, but that's mostly because we had a stellar quarter in mil/aero in Q2.

John Pitzer
That's helpful. And then, Necip, just that same sort of line of reasoning around a calendar Q4. Again, with the repositioning, what would you expect normal seasonal? And if C&C is below seasonal for Q3, does that mean you should buck normal seasonal trends in Q4 or how should we think about that?
Necip Sayiner
Yes. That's a good question. The forecast seems to be moving around more than we'd like, in some cases. So I am going to have to not give a straight answer on Q4 C&C because I don't believe we have very good visibility to whether this could be counter-seasonal. The I&I business, though, in Q4 generally is down, particularly for mil/aero. That happens to be the case. So if typical seasonal patterns hold again, I would expect I&I to be lower in Q4, sequentially.
John Pitzer
And, Necip, my last question is; you guys are well through kind of the turnaround story, repositioning story. As we get into the third phase of growth, what do you think sort of the right organic growth rate for Intersil given your product portfolio? And I guess, more importantly, given some of the news we saw earlier in the week of consolidation in the analog space, which has never really been a strategic imperative, we saw a pretty big deal announced earlier in the week, how do you think about consolidation in this space and maybe trying to drive more shareholder value through inorganic growth either as an acquirer or an acquire?
Necip Sayiner
So I'll answer the organic piece. I think the target model we set out 18 months ago to grow the top line at a rate of 10% is looking more and more concrete to us at this juncture, with all the new product rollouts and the design wins that we have been able to garner. So, I think, collectively, we have higher confidence in achieving and sustaining that kind of growth. And I think our board also shares that confidence.
And with respect to M&A, as I said earlier, many times it is a fact of life in our industry. I think the pace continues to be strong in M&A. And in a few years time it is difficult to imagine Intersil in its current form. We'll either scale up further inorganically by acquiring an attractive business that is strategic to us or we will be under a larger umbrella. That's the more likely outcome. That is what I said last year and the year before and I continue to believe in that.
John Pitzer
That's helpful. Thanks, guys.
Operator
Thank you. Our last question is from Chris Caso of CLSA. Your line is open.
Chris Caso
Yes. Thank you. You guys have discussed a lot of different product areas and product initiatives. As we look into 2017, what would you consider to be the most significant areas that we should be watching in terms of what drives the revenue growth as we move into 2017?
Necip Sayiner
I think we are going to continue to see improvements in C&C, a continuation of Skylake adoption and proliferation of our products into more platforms in consumer. We will see a significant improvement in the infrastructure power business with the rollout of a further generation in 2017. That's quite significant in terms of dollars for us given the content. And, thirdly, automotive continues to be a strong driver of growth for us. I don't see that one slowing at all. As a matter of fact, at this point, we are setting our sights on a $100 million run rate in that business over the next 24 months.
Chris Caso
If I could drill down on the automotive just a little bit more, and I know you had previously talked about, I believe it was model year 2018, design wins on that. Could you give us a little perhaps an idea of when we might start seeing an acceleration in growth in automotive? I mean would that be kind of toward the end of next year or we'd have to wait into the calendar 2018 to see that accelerate more or aggressively?

Necip Sayiner
So, there are a few vectors. One has to do with the regulation in North America for all vehicles to have backup cameras. That's a 2018 requirement. So those models who have not yet obliged will need to adopt it and that will start going in our revenues in second half of 2017. With our video products, I think the even larger delta comes from some of the new products that we have developed and been able to gain some design wins with large OEMs. That will start in earnest in year 2018.
And thirdly, our power business has been continuing to grow from a small base over the last two, three years. It's now in the 20%, 25% of our overall revenues for automotive. And that continues to grow because we've been investing in that space and creating a lot of new products. So I continue to think that this is going to keep layering on. So this is where we get the confidence for setting a goal like this.
Chris Caso
Great. Okay, great color. Thank you very much.
Necip Sayiner
You're welcome.
End of Q&A
Operator
Thank you. And that concludes our Q&A session for today. I would now like to turn the call back over to Shannon Pleasant for any further remarks.
Shannon Pleasant
Thank you very much and thank you for joining us. This now concludes today's call.
Operator
Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. This does conclude today's program. You may all disconnect. Everyone, have a great day.
Copyright policy: All transcripts on this site are the copyright of Seeking Alpha. However, we view them as an important resource for bloggers and journalists, and are excited to contribute to the democratization of financial information on the Internet. (Until now investors have had to pay thousands of dollars in subscription fees for transcripts.) So our reproduction policy is as follows: You may quote up to 400 words of any transcript on the condition that you attribute the transcript to Seeking Alpha and either link to the original transcript or to www.SeekingAlpha.com. All other use is prohibited.
THE INFORMATION CONTAINED HERE IS A TEXTUAL REPRESENTATION OF THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S CONFERENCE CALL, CONFERENCE PRESENTATION OR OTHER AUDIO PRESENTATION, AND WHILE EFFORTS ARE MADE TO PROVIDE AN ACCURATE TRANSCRIPTION, THERE MAY BE MATERIAL ERRORS, OMISSIONS, OR INACCURACIES IN THE REPORTING OF THE SUBSTANCE OF THE AUDIO PRESENTATIONS. IN NO WAY DOES SEEKING ALPHA ASSUME ANY RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER DECISIONS MADE BASED UPON THE INFORMATION PROVIDED ON THIS WEB SITE OR IN ANY TRANSCRIPT. USERS ARE ADVISED TO REVIEW THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S AUDIO PRESENTATION ITSELF AND THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S SEC FILINGS BEFORE MAKING ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER DECISIONS.
If you have any additional questions about our online transcripts, please contact us at: transcripts@seekingalpha.com. Thank you!
About this article:ExpandTagged: Technology, Semiconductor - Broad Line, TranscriptsError in this transcript? Let us know.Contact us to add your company to our coverage or use transcripts in your business.Learn more about Seeking Alpha transcripts here.Follow SA Transcripts and get email alertsSearch TranscriptThis transcriptFindAll transcriptsFindCompare To:All ISIL TranscriptsOther Companies in this sector





Technology Stocks | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO»Technology StocksMomo 8.0: The Unavoidable ChangeMOMO• Yesterday, 11:39 PM • Ang Shen•1 CommentA Critical Day For AT&TT• Yesterday, 11:23 PM • Quad 7 Capital•7 CommentsSamsung Wants A Piece Of TSMCSSNLF, TSM• Yesterday, 10:36 PM • Mark Hibben•3 CommentsSiemens Is Cheap And Healthineers Helps To Unlock The ValueSIEGY• Yesterday, 10:24 PM • Wubbe Bos•3 CommentsSnap: The Next Twitter?SNAP• Yesterday, 8:58 PM • Activist Stocks•15 CommentsAlphabet: Ignore The One-Time ChargesGOOG, GOOGL• Yesterday, 8:46 PM • Stone Fox Capital•9 CommentsBaidu: Strong Upside, A Short-Term Trigger And A Bright FutureBIDU• Yesterday, 8:09 PM • Value Investigator•8 CommentsWhy You Should Sell Your Apple Shares Before The Next iPhone ReleaseAAPL• Yesterday, 7:42 PM • Michael A. Ball•74 CommentsFirst Solar - Q2 Earnings PreviewFSLR• Yesterday, 7:17 PM • Morningsidepark•4 CommentsLook Beyond The Storm Clouds Hovering Over Silicon MotionEditors' Pick • SIMO• Yesterday, 7:14 PM • Jenks Jumps•2 CommentsRambus, Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesRMBS• Yesterday, 7:01 PM • SA TranscriptsGroupon Should Still Have A Place In Your Long-Term PortfolioGRPN• Yesterday, 6:45 PM • Julie Kent•4 CommentsApple iPhone 8 Expectations Trending Lower Ahead Of EarningsAAPL• Yesterday, 5:45 PM • Alex Cho•35 CommentsPositioning For Verizon EarningsVZ• Yesterday, 5:43 PM • Josh Arnold•14 CommentsMicrosoft: Shareholders Are Set To Benefit From This StockMSFT• Yesterday, 5:27 PM • Michael Wiggins De Oliveira•11 CommentsSanmina Corp 2017 Q3 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesSANM• Yesterday, 5:03 PM • SA TranscriptsArtificial Intelligence: The New Impulse For AlphabetGOOG, GOOGL• Yesterday, 4:34 PM • Oleh Kombaiev•12 CommentsApple Is Likely To Switch To In-House ScreensAAPL• Yesterday, 4:16 PM • Roman Luzgin•18 CommentsBaozun: Is There More Upside In This 2017 Runner?BZUN• Yesterday, 3:47 PM • Jonathan Faison•23 CommentsFacebook Earnings Preview: Bullish On InstagramFB• Yesterday, 3:36 PM • L&F Capital Management•13 CommentsAMD: King Of The CrossoverAMD• Yesterday, 2:59 PM • Kumquat Research•57 CommentsWhy Amazon Needs To Improve Its B2B E-Commerce PresenceAMZN• Yesterday, 2:18 PM • Motek Moyen•14 Comments3 Reasons Why Facebook Could Disappoint This QuarterFB• Yesterday, 2:08 PM • D.M. Martins Research•24 CommentsAMD's Post-Earnings Target PricesAMD• Yesterday, 1:52 PM • Kwan-Chen Ma•147 CommentsMicrosoft's Office 365 Is The New WindowsMSFT• Yesterday, 1:19 PM • Beulah Meriam K•13 CommentsKeeping Stock With Tech: FANG Earnings Kicks Off This Week, With Google And FacebookFB, GOOG, GOOGL• Yesterday, 12:37 PM • Alex Cho•14 CommentsQualcomm Is Dead MoneyQCOM• Yesterday, 12:33 PM • Kumquat Research•53 CommentsLighten Your Load Ahead Of Twitter EarningsTWTR• Yesterday, 12:12 PM • Amigobulls•5 CommentsAmazon Web Services To Experience A Downturn?AMZN• Yesterday, 12:09 PM • SIC Investment Research Inc.•17 CommentsAlphabet Earnings Preview: Google Parent Reports Q2 Results TodayGOOG, GOOGL• Yesterday, 11:59 AM • JJ Kinahan•1 CommentIt's Not All Gloom And Doom For QualcommQCOM• Yesterday, 11:49 AM • Amigobulls•1 CommentIs AT&T The Best Income Opportunity Available Today?T• Yesterday, 11:34 AM • Left Banker•18 CommentsSkyworks: Post-Earnings Valuation Reveals Solid Upside PotentialSWKS• Yesterday, 11:34 AM • Roman Luzgin•3 CommentsApple: Services Revenue Growth Suggests Higher Dividend IncreaseAAPL• Yesterday, 11:30 AM • Ploutos Investing•11 CommentsIBM: This Blue-Chip Stock Just Went On SaleIBM• Yesterday, 11:27 AM • Robert Riesen•24 CommentsMonopoly Scrutiny Of Amazon BaselessAMZN• Yesterday, 11:23 AM • Gary Bourgeault•18 CommentsMicrosoft: Cloud Growth Exceeds All Expectations, Shares Priced For Additional 50% UpsideMSFT• Yesterday, 9:41 AM • Ben Bortner, CFA•15 CommentsGeorge Risk Industries: The Perfect Value TrapEditors' Pick • RSKIA• Yesterday, 9:35 AM • John Zhang•5 CommentsMicrosoft: An Excellent Quarter From This Explosive Tech GiantMSFT• Yesterday, 7:07 AM • Sure Dividend•4 CommentsMicrosoft: Q4 2017 Valuation UpdateMSFT• Yesterday, 7:00 AM • SIC Investment Research Inc.•2 CommentsAkamai: CEO's Second Million-Dollar Share Purchase Inspires ConfidenceAKAM• Yesterday, 6:15 AM • Willow Street Investments•6 CommentsCorning: Flying High Into Earnings (With An Acquisition And More)GLW• Yesterday, 6:00 AM • Willow Street Investments•37 CommentsVeeva Systems: Beware The PrecipiceVEEV• Yesterday, 5:28 AM • John DiCecco•12 CommentsQualcomm Vs. Apple:  Which Is The Better Buy Now?AAPL, QCOM• Yesterday, 12:23 AM • Peter F. Way, CFA•51 CommentsEarnings Preview: Can Box Stay Cash-Flow Positive?BOX• Yesterday, 12:02 AM • Feria Investor•1 CommentBlackBerry's Secure Enterprise File Sync & Share 'Fact Check'BBRY• Sun, Jul. 23, 11:48 PM • KIA Investment Research•80 CommentsEarnings Preview For Advanced Micro DevicesAMD• Sun, Jul. 23, 11:30 PM • Chris Lau•70 CommentsQualcomm Is A BuyQCOM• Sun, Jul. 23, 10:47 PM • PendragonY•123 CommentsIBM: Anatomy Of A Value TrapIBM• Sun, Jul. 23, 10:44 PM • Charles Gooch, Jr.•38 CommentsMy IBM StrategyIBM• Sun, Jul. 23, 9:10 PM • Khen Elazar•14 CommentsNCR Second-Quarter Review And Key TakeawaysNCR• Sun, Jul. 23, 8:59 PM • Jorge Acrisio•3 CommentsIBM - Struggles Continue, No Reason To Be UpbeatIBM• Sun, Jul. 23, 1:08 PM • The Value Investor•22 CommentsPRO Weekly Digest: Identifying Market Mispricings With Yale BockEditors' Pick • FH, MARK• Sun, Jul. 23, 7:30 AM • SA PRO Editors•9 CommentsThe Internet Of Things: Now There's A Growth StoryEditors' Pick • TFECF, TFECY• Sun, Jul. 23, 6:45 AM • Arturo Neto, CFA•30 CommentsTaiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing - A Bright Past And FutureTSM• Sun, Jul. 23, 6:43 AM • Wall Street for Main Street•4 CommentsThe Long Case For AppleAAPL• Sat, Jul. 22, 7:05 AM • Andres Cardenal, CFA•76 CommentsTwilio: Silver Lining In The CloudsTWLO• Sat, Jul. 22, 6:23 AM • Alpha Securities•10 CommentsMicrosoft: Post-Earnings AnalysisMSFT• Sat, Jul. 22, 6:09 AM • Roman Luzgin•20 CommentsApple Reportedly Funds Automotive Battery ResearchAAPL• Fri, Jul. 21, 11:27 PM • Mark Hibben•43 CommentsThere's Not Much To Not Like About Microsoft HereMSFT• Fri, Jul. 21, 6:38 PM • James Brumley•31 CommentsBillion-Dollar Unicorns: DraftKings Faces HurdlesDRAFT• Fri, Jul. 21, 6:20 PM • Sramana MitraSnap's Farce: The Equity Incentive PlanSNAP• Fri, Jul. 21, 6:17 PM • Whestuizen•102 CommentsSemiconductor ETFs To Roar Higher As Q2 Earnings UnfoldSOXX, SMH, PSI• Fri, Jul. 21, 4:00 PM • Zacks FundsThe Short Case For WelbiltEditors' Pick • WBT• Fri, Jul. 21, 4:00 PM • Rational Short Investor•4 CommentsIBM: Don't Get Caught In A Value TrapIBM• Fri, Jul. 21, 3:39 PM • Bank On Insight•21 CommentsNew Chance To Buy Into Shares Of Tintri At IPO Quiet Period ExpirationTNTR• Fri, Jul. 21, 2:53 PM • Don Dion•1 CommentMicrosoft: A Great Dividend Growth Stock To ConsiderMSFT• Fri, Jul. 21, 2:24 PM • Ploutos Investing•42 CommentsAMD To Easily Beat Revenue EstimatesAMD• Fri, Jul. 21, 1:22 PM • Earnings Forecast Focus•140 CommentsStrong Product Rollout Suggests AMD Will Likely Raise Q3 GuidanceAMD• Fri, Jul. 21, 12:32 PM • EnerTuition•66 CommentsA Thoughtful Investment With Help From Baidu BrainBIDU• Fri, Jul. 21, 12:16 PM • Tobias Beith•12 CommentsHow BlackBerry Can Quickly Increase Its Software RevenueBBRY• Fri, Jul. 21, 11:47 AM • Motek Moyen•90 CommentsEarnings Watch: What Will Boost Facebook?FB• Fri, Jul. 21, 11:33 AM • Feria Investor•25 CommentsKey Lessons From Facebook And WWE SpeculationFB• Fri, Jul. 21, 11:26 AM • Gary Bourgeault•2 CommentsWhy You Should Sell Amazon After Its Next Earnings ReleaseAMZN• Fri, Jul. 21, 11:09 AM • Robert Riesen•69 CommentsMicrosoft Keeps Performing Very Well - But Don't Get FooledMSFT• Fri, Jul. 21, 11:08 AM • Jonathan Weber•27 Comments123456...1161Next Page





Earnings Call Transcripts | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO» 








Earnings Transcripts


  Sectors 


All
Most Popular

Basic Materials
Conglomerates
Consumer Goods
Financial
Healthcare
Industrial Goods
Services
Technology
Utilities










Sanmina's (SANM) CEO Jure Sola on Q3 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


SANM•
      Mon, Jul. 24, 10:28 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Heidrick & Struggles International's (HSII) CEO Krishnan Rajagopalan on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


HSII•
      Mon, Jul. 24, 10:25 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Alphabet's (GOOG) CEO Sundar Pichai on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


GOOG•
      Mon, Jul. 24, 10:18 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Rambus' (RMBS) CEO Ron Black on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


RMBS•
      Mon, Jul. 24,  9:30 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Cadence Design Systems (CDNS) CEO Lip-Bu Tan on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


CDNS•
      Mon, Jul. 24,  8:57 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Woodward's (WWD) CEO Tom Gendron on Q3 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


WWD•
      Mon, Jul. 24,  7:19 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Bank of Hawaii's (BOH) CEO Peter Ho on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


BOH•
      Mon, Jul. 24,  5:45 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Reckitt Benckiser Group's (RBGPF) CEO Anthony Romano on Q3 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


RBGPF•
      Mon, Jul. 24,  5:30 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Grupo Aeroportuario del Centro Norte (OMAB) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


OMAB•
      Mon, Jul. 24,  5:09 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Arconic's (ARNC) CEO David Hess on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


ARNC•
      Mon, Jul. 24,  4:33 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




TCF Financial's (TCF) CEO Craig Dahl on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


TCF•
      Mon, Jul. 24,  4:33 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Koninklijke Philips' (PHG) CEO Frans van Houten on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


PHG•
      Mon, Jul. 24,  4:29 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




VF Corporation's (VFC) CEO Steve Rendle on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


VFC•
      Mon, Jul. 24,  4:28 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Opus Bank's (OPB) CEO Stephen Gordon on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


OPB•
      Mon, Jul. 24,  3:46 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Helix Energy Solutions' (HLX) CEO Owen Kratz on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


HLX•
      Mon, Jul. 24,  3:28 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




RPM International's (RPM) CEO Frank Sullivan on Q4 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


RPM•
      Mon, Jul. 24,  3:23 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Halliburton's (HAL) CEO Jeff Miller on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


HAL•
      Mon, Jul. 24,  3:18 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Bank of Marin Bancorp's (BMRC) CEO Russ Colombo on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


BMRC•
      Mon, Jul. 24,  3:17 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Hasbro Inc's (HAS) CEO Brian Goldner on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


HAS•
      Mon, Jul. 24,  3:05 PM

        •
SA Transcripts
•1 Comment 



Scorpio Bulkers' (SALT) CEO Emanuele Lauro on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


SALT•
      Mon, Jul. 24,  3:03 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




ManpowerGroup's (MAN) CEO Jonas Prising on Q1 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


MAN•
      Mon, Jul. 24,  3:02 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Stanley Black & Decker's (SWK) CEO Jim Loree on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


SWK•
      Mon, Jul. 24,  2:54 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Scientific Games' (SGMS) CEO Kevin Sheehan on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


SGMS•
      Mon, Jul. 24,  2:33 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Sify Technologies' (SIFY) CEO Kamal Nath on Q1 2018 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


SIFY•
      Mon, Jul. 24,  2:30 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Lennox International's (LII) CEO Todd Bluedorn on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


LII•
      Mon, Jul. 24,  2:16 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Silicom's (SILC) CEO Shaike Orbach on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


SILC•
      Mon, Jul. 24,  1:51 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Illinois Tool Works' (ITW) CEO Scott Santi on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


ITW•
      Mon, Jul. 24,  1:34 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Ryanair Holdings' (RYAAY) CEO Michael O'Leary on Q1 2018 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


RYAAY•
      Mon, Jul. 24, 12:43 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




TrustCo Bank's (TRST) CEO Robert McCormick on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


TRST•
      Mon, Jul. 24, 10:56 AM

        •
SA Transcripts




PetMed Express' (PETS) CEO Mendo Akdag on Q1 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


PETS•
      Mon, Jul. 24,  9:49 AM

        •
SA Transcripts
•1 Comment 




123456...4431Next Page





Search Transcripts






You can use: AND,NOT, OR,* *(exact phrase)













 
Intersil's (ISIL) CEO Necip Sayiner on Q1 2016 Results - Earnings Call Transcript | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO»Intersil's (ISIL) CEO Necip Sayiner on Q1 2016 Results - Earnings Call TranscriptApr.26.16 | About: Intersil Corporation (ISIL) Intersil Corporation (NASDAQ:ISIL)
Q1 2016 Earnings Conference Call
April 26, 2016, 04:30 PM ET
Executives
Shannon Pleasant - Vice President of Corporate Communications
Necip Sayiner - President and Chief Executive Officer
Richard D. Crowley - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Analysts
Tore Svanberg - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.
John Pitzer - Credit Suisse Group.
Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank
Betsy Van Hees - Wedbush Securities
Operator
Good day ladies and gentleman and welcome to the Intersil’s First Quarter Earnings Conference call. At this time, all participants are in a listen only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will be given at that time [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded.
I would now like to introduce your host for today’s conference Ms. Shannon Pleasant, Vice President of Corporate Communications. Ma’am you may begin.
Shannon Pleasant
Thank you. Good afternoon and thank you for joining us today. I’m here with Necip Sayiner, Intersil’s President and Chief Executive Officer and Rick Crowley, Intersil’s Chief Financial Officer.
We will discuss our financial performance and provide a summary of our outlook. After our prepared comments, we will have a Q&A session. Our earnings press release and the accompanying financial tables are available on the Investor Relations section of our website at ir.intersil.com. This call is also being webcasted and a replay will be able through May 11.
Please note that the comments made during this conference call may contain forward-looking statements subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to vary. These risk factors are discussed in detail in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Also, the non-GAAP financial measurements that are discussed today are not intended to replace the presentation of Intersil’s GAAP financial results. We are providing this information because it may enable investors to perform meaningful comparisons of operating results and more clearly highlight the results of core ongoing operations. Non-GAAP financial measures referenced during today’s call can be found in the reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP results provided in today’s earnings press release.
I will now turn the call over to Intersil’s President and CEO, Necip Sayiner.
Necip Sayiner
Thanks, Shannon and hello everyone. First quarter results reflect a solid start to the year that we were anticipating with consistent performance across the board. Revenue of $129.3 million was up 2.1% sequentially much better than seasonal norms. Gross margin increased sequentially, operating expenses remains well managed and for the eleventh quarter in a row, we achieved 20% operating income.
Design interaction is the key metric in accessing the health of our revenue in pipeline and our prospects for long-term growth. Q1 did not disappoint with the number of design wins up 30% for the company. Demand trends have also be improving particularly encouraging as the robust demand we’re observing for I&I product as we enter Q2.
I’ll provide more detail on the business after Rick reviews the financial result. Rick.
Richard D. Crowley
Thank you, Necip. First I’ll summarize the GAAP results. First quarter GAAP gross margin was 58.8% a 120 basis points sequential increase. Total first quarter operating expenses increased on a sequential basis to $60.8 million with R&D investment of $33.7 million and SG&A expense of $23.5 million. GAAP operating income increased year-over-year but declined slightly on a sequential basis to $15.2 million or 11.8% of revenue.
The Q1 GAAP tax rate was 20.2% resulting in net income of $11.8 million and earnings per share of $0.09. On a non-GAAP basis, first quarter gross margin of 59.1% increased by 130 basis points sequentially. This was ahead of our expectations driven by a favorable mix in C&C strong automotive performance and lower manufacturing variances.

90-days ago, we stated that we expected Q4 would be the low point for our utilization and that has proven to be the case. With Q2 mix favoring our I&I business, we expect to see further sequential improvement in gross margin. Operating expenses were up as anticipated to $50.6 million but were still below year-ago levels.
R&D activity increased driving investments to $30.6 million in Q1. SG&A expense declined to $20 million. We expect operating expenses to be up again seasonally in Q2 due to our annual raised cycle as well as an increase in new product development cost and some non-recurring expenses related to technology development and sales training.
We believe operating expense in the second half of 2016 will be relatively stable to Q2 levels. Q1 non-GAAP operating income increased sequentially to $25.8 million or 20% of revenue. The first quarter non-GAAP effective tax rate was 16.2%, non-GAAP net income was $21.2 million, in Q1 resulting a non-GAAP earnings per share of $0.15. We expect our non-GAAP tax rate will remain in the 16% range in Q2, and non-GAAP share count will be about 141 million shares.
Turning to the balance sheet, quarter ended cash equivalents increased once again to $254 million. Account receivable balances increased by $6 million sequentially and day sales outstanding were consistent with historical averages. On-hand inventory level declined for the fourth consecutive quarter ending at $64 million or 110-days.
Q1 free cash flow remains solid and we returned $16 million to shareholders through our high yielding dividend. In summary, Q1 was a very solid quarter, with improvements in the demand environment and strong operational execution, contributing to an encouraging start to the year. Necip.
Necip Sayiner
Thank you Rick. Let's start with our C&C business, which achieved year-over-year growth for the second consecutive quarter. Revenue of $47.1 million was up over 8% compared to Q1 2015. C&C represented 36% of company revenue down 1% sequentially much better than what is typical of a seasonal first quarter. Computing revenue declined as expected in Q1 with seasonal trends some of the offset by the transition to Skylake.
Skylake adaption has muted the impact of decline in [indiscernible] because of higher ASPs, but the transition has been slower than what we have experienced in previous generations. The mix of Skylake did increase during the first quarter, but only modestly and the ramp continues at a very measured pace into Q2. We believe this will result in flattish computing revenue in the second quarter.
On the consumer side, business is on-track with ramps in new model platforms accelerating during the first quarter. New product revenue is being driven by leading tablets and common and smartphone wins. Securing these design wins in the presence of large incumbents demonstrate Intersil’s unique capability and growing relationships in the mobile market.
We are focused on opportunities where we are highly differentiated and customers value to performance we provide. We target targets to expand multiple product generations with limited integration threats. For example, we recently announced the first USB-C compliance charger capable of supporting buck and boost mode one to three cells lithium Ion batteries in ultra books, tablets and power banks.
The single-chip solution replaces traditional to two chip charger solutions, extends battery life and reduces customer bill of material cost by up to 40%. In the near-term we expect to see some digestion from the strong Q4 and Q1 ramps, with resumption of growth in the second half of 2016. Taking all of the Q2 dynamics into consideration, we expect C&C to be down low single-digit sequentially.
I&I revenue grew 4% sequentially, at the high end of our expectations, comprising 64% of company sales and reversing declined that persisted over the last year. While it's still premature to declare the I&I end market is healthy, given demand is still below year-ago levels. The pace of recovery is better than what we had anticipated 90-days ago.

The biggest success story with I&I was a automotive in Q1 which was up 28% year-over-year. Q1 automotive revenue was another record increasing to 14% of company revenue. We have been focused on building our automotive power portfolio to increase our content for vehicle. You can see evidence of that in our new product introductions.
Recently, we introduced new automotive boost controllers to support all the amplifier, start stop system and head lamp LEDs. They support wide input and output ranges and deliver greater than 95% efficiency. Numerous on chip protection features keep the power supply safe under all start up conditions.
We also introduced a new pin compatible buck regulator family for infotainment head unit and ADAS application that address the low requirements of single, dual and quad core processors. This enables part makers to deploy a single footprint for entry level to luxury car model. Highly reliable and efficient these solutions offer customers a compiling value proposition.
Historically with video decoders alone, Intersil’s content per vehicle has been about $4 to $5 with additional power content in the infotainment console and the cabin the dollar content more than doubled. For hybrid electric vehicles, where we can provide multi cell balancing as well, the content sets up yet again. As you can see the automotive business is going to continue to be a very strong element of our long-term growth story.
In Q2, we expect that continued demand for our video decoders in rear view cameras combined with growing opportunities in China and Korea in particular will contribute to further strength. I&I power, which was 19% of company revenue was also up sequentially for both infrastructure in industrial application.
I’m pleased with the progress we are making in expanding our portfolio, particularly with controller. For example, we recently introduce new hybrid controller that are based on our hi-performance analog control loop but also incorporates supports for additional interface.
They are able to deliver better performance in a smaller footprints than competing solutions while offering customers some easier design flow. Our strategy in I&I power has been to intersect key technology transitions to increase our share. One such transition is the adoption of digital power conversion in data sets where Intersil is one of very few companies has able to help customer rallied measureable power savings. This includes both 12 volt and the latest 48 volt configurations where we have meaningful design winds in both types of platforms.
Our content is increasing as well, we offer both single and multi phase controllers for core and point of load tower as well as new companion smart power savings. Together, this increases our content as much as five volt in several platform that are slated to start shifting early in 2017. Moving on to industrial analog, which represented 21% of company revenue, we saw sequential improvement here as well. Growth contributed to both higher utilization and higher margin, I&I mix support gross margin expansion during the quarter. This is a business that much closely follows the macro demand environment, so we view the sequential growth as a good sign of improving health in the long cycle market. We expect our industrial analog business to continuously improve in the second quarter.
And lastly, aerospace was 10% of revenue in Q1 and down sequentially, which is not a typical of the somewhat lumpy business. We expect new wins in aerospace to take off in Q2 and contribute to a return a sequential growth. Given the positive dynamics we’ve discussed, we expect all of the I&I sub category automotive, power, analog and aerospace to be up sequentially in Q2. In total, I&I is expected to be up, mid to high single-digit.

We’re feeling good about our business, given better end-market dynamic and an increasing proportion of new business driving revenue growth. For the second quarter, we expect revenue in the range of $130 million to $136 million. Based on a more favorable product mix, we believe gross margin will increase by 50 to 75 basis points sequentially.
Non-GAAP operating expenses are expected to be in the range of $52 million to $63 million. We anticipate GAAP earnings of $0.08 to $0.10 per share. Earnings per share on a non-GAAP basis excluding amortization and stock compensation are expected to be $0.15 to $0.17.
With that, we’ll take your questions.
Shannon Pleasant
Thank you Necip. We would now like to open the call for your questions. Operator please review the Q&A instructions for the call participants..
Question-and-Answer Session
Operator
[Operator instruction] and our first question comes from the line of Tore Svanberg with Stifel, your line is now open.
Tore Svanberg
Yes thank you and congratulations on the results. I guess first of all Necip, could you talk a little bit about your relative visibility going into Q2, it does sound like the I&I is going to be up sequentially, but just sort of from a backlog coverage perspective, how do you feel about visibility going into the June quarter?
Necip Sayiner
We have closed the first quarter with a book-to-bill just over one, we have had a pretty stable bookings so far quarter-to-date. We looked at the channel inventory and it remains lean with no noticeable changes from the year-end. We are seeing orders come in pretty broadly across all our segments. So far, everything is pointing to a reasonably good sequential growth for our I&I business in Q2.
Tore Svanberg
Alright good and you talked about design wins being up 30% that actually is a good proxy for the growth that to come. Would those items be broad based across all of the separate business units and does any of that give you confidence but maybe your C&C business could experience some growth in the second half of the year?
Necip Sayiner
Yes, there are two dimensions to the design win traction, I would like to elaborate on. One is on the C&C side, these are generally proliferation of our product into the customers we have already won, our products are being designed into more models and/or some of the newer products with higher content and functionality are being designed into follow-on generations.
By and large however, the large increase in the number of design wins driven by the broad based business coming from I&I side. You will see this thing power, we see this in our analog business, we see a lot of strength in our automotive business both for video decoders and power products. So I think above all beyond the large increase in design wins, I'm most pleased with the breath of the design wins we are registering.
Tore Svanberg
Sounds good. Just one last question on the automotive business, so it just continued to increases as a percent of revenue and it sounds like you have to little bit of an inflection point going on right now with dollar content doubling. But then obviously once we get to more of the power, the battery part of that content, when exactly should we expect that to be an inflection point for the company? Are you already starting to see that now or is that sort of more to come down the road?
Necip Sayiner
The so called BMS revenue is in very early stages at this point, this is with our multiple cell balancing products. The ultra power business is approximately a quarter of the business now that’s much more diverse in terms of the stock at both and infotainment console and cabin.
We have still an inflection point in this business to look forward to with 2018 model years, this will come in video decoders as well as power and as well as multi cell balancing. So we haven’t really seen the full benefit of this inflection due to new product investments yet.

Tore Svanberg
Sounds good. Very nice quarter. thank you.
Richard D. Crowley
Thank you Tore.
Operator
And our next question comes from the line of [indiscernible]. Your line is now open.
Unidentified Analyst
Thanks guys, really looking to ask a question. Maybe just finishing upon the visibility question, after you said after some digestion on the consumer products here in second quarter and then on the computing also talking about a bit of a pick up after the second quarter. I guess what is giving you some comfort that those markets that are going to be a little softer here in Q2 are likely to improve in the back half?
Necip Sayiner
We have had a very strong ramp at the end of 2015 into Q1 with some notable platforms ramping for product announcement for the end of the quarter. it isn’t a unusual for our customers or the supply chain to order quite a bit ahead of that product launch, so we have seen a really very meaningful quantities in Q1 exceeding our expectations. So we’ll see in the early part of Q2 and special a little bit of digestion of that launch.
Second half for those platform always tented to be meaningfully stronger and based on the forecasts we've seen from our customers this looks to be the case this year. There are some additional proliferation of products inside those customers I alluded will also start kicking in, in the second half of this year. So for us at this stage with the new products coming, this is really much more of share gain story than relying on the strength solemnly of the end-markets.
Unidentified Analyst
And on the computing side, you talked about that ramp of Skylake being a bit slower than expected. I guess one, to what do you attribute that and two, does that give you any comfort that this transition where you are picking up some market share and fee increase in dollar content has some legs that might last you well in 2017?
Necip Sayiner
Yes. In sense of units, the expectations we had coming into the quarter, Q1 was not that far off in terms of actual, but the mix was different, we’ve seen less Skylake than we anticipated. There are some very specific platforms that are going to ramp in the second half the power product with some large customers, so that should certainly increase the mix of Skylake our computing business. Perhaps the silver lining in the slow adoption of Skylake that is what you are alluding to that increase in content growth will certainly have legs into the end of this year into next.
Unidentified Analyst
But then lastly Rick, [indiscernible] a bit lighter here in Q2 and then maybe if it picks up in the second half, I guess how do those moving parts impact gross margins through the remainder of the year?
Richard D. Crowley
As we said in the call in January, we expected our gross margin improvements for this year to be we closely tied to I&I recovery. If you recall we went through pretty big inventory depletion and lower demand in I&I in the second half of last year. In Q1 I&I demand improved, so the demand and the inventory have come back more into balance. So looking forward, we guided up 50 to 75 basis points most of that is mixed related, because I think now the inventory is more in line with demand and manufacture variances is expected to become a smaller factor and a leaving mix stream of the biggest piece. So for rest of the year it’s really the same thing as I&I demands moves and it should help and improve that should continues to help our gross margin going forward.
Unidentified Analyst
Alright, thanks guys. Good luck.
Operator
And our next question comes from the line of John Pitzer with Credit Suisse. Your line is now open.
Unidentified Analyst
Hi thanks for taking my question, this is [indiscernible] on for John. I had a question regarding to your data centre business. So last quarter you noted some design wins with hyper scale data center provides. I was wondering how this business was tracking, if you could provide us a bit more color, what you think is a sustainable long-term growth rate and may be at this could rival on the successful growth you see in your auto segment?

Necip Sayiner
Well the design we alluded to are moving forward and that we continue to support our customers through their pre production bills. This will create production when Intel’s next gens Skylake server processors hits currency expected at the very end of this year or early 2017. So this is certainly moving on-track with all the engagements we've been able to secure.
As I allotted for in my prepared remarks this is a rather sizeable, addressable market for us with 10 million plus units of servers shipped every year and our content ranging from 30 to 50 even higher depending on the configuration or the number of processors on the server board this is a $0.5 billion opportunity for us for the product set. I think for our first generation offering our share is likely going to be rather modest, but for that kind of addressable market, I think it would be a measureable improvements in revenues for our infrastructure business [indiscernible].
Unidentified Analyst
Great thanks and as my follow-up I guess, you noted some improvements in I&I segment, I was wondering if you could give any color on how that business on particularly auto performed by geography and how that factors into your longer terms outlook?
Necip Sayiner
Okay. Well in general in Q1 all regions were up, albeit modestly lead by North America, when I look at the Q2 North America and Asia Pac will be up significantly driving that sequential growth. The product line segmentation in I&I is across the board, we’ve touched on automotive seeing a lot of strength, it will be another record quarter in Q2.
We've seen a little bit of recovery in China out the e-deployments and we’re levered to that was some of our power product, we will see a meaningful start of ramp or a sizable project in our millero business in Q2 and there is also just the seasonal strength in industrial contributing. So it’s pretty broad sequential improvement both in terms of product lines and geography.
Unidentified Analyst
Alright thank you.
Necip Sayiner
You are welcome.
Operator
And our next question comes from the line of Craig Ellis with B. Riley. Your line is now open. 
Craig Ellis
Thanks for taking the question and nice job on the first quarter guys. Necip my first question is just a longer term question on the nature of the consumer business, can you just either quantitatively or qualitatively characterize the degree to which your OEM and platform penetration is broadening as you look at where you were a year ago, where you are now and what the design in sports have for where would be around the year from now?
Necip Sayiner
Sure, I’ll give it a thought. We have been expecting some of these new revenue for a while now, the engagement on some of these platforms date back almost two-years, so I think they have come a long way and secure in not only this generation of targets with some of these customers but also the follow-on generations for 2017 already. With some of other new initiatives on handsets, I'm pleased to see that the proliferation of our product inside some of those customers. We've had a few customers where we've had success in China that we reported on last year, their success in their marketplace had been mix.
But some who have been successful in increasing their share and have a global footprints those customers have chosen to put more of our products on their new platform. So that is certainly helping, so those two combined really a contributed to a record revenue for the new products in Q1 and notwithstanding the digestion we are talking about in Q2 I expect that project to continue.
Craig Ellis
And do you see other meaningful new customers coming into your mix based on the design wins that you have or as you look at the back half of the year-end and were you would be in the next year with the follow-on platform engagement? Is it the current set that you would have?

Necip Sayiner
So thus far what we feel secure, in terms of having most the design winds, large majority of that revenue are going to be driven with existing customer, just on more platforms and or more content. There is addiction of design wins to broaden the customer base, but I would have to say majority of the revenue is driven by the larger platform wins.
Craig Ellis
Okay. Thank you and then the follow-up question is when an immediate term question. The business showed nice C&C year -on-year growth this year, again it’s looks like industrial and infrastructure could be on its way in another couple of quarters and that’s really the question, as you look at the business and recognizing we’re in a muddled macro with a cyclical industry. Can you characterize your confidence that the two primary segments will be back to year-on-year growth this year and what with the risk that are out there be that it wouldn’t get back to year-on-year growth? Thank you.
Necip Sayiner
On the C&C side the first task will show certainly year-on-year growth and the revenue was on C&C was pretty flat throughout the year, last year so as with the second half ramps we are alluding to, I think it's almost a foregone conclusions to suggest that we will see year-on-year growth for C&C. On I&I side, we were not that sure about the pace of recovery when we reported 90-days ago.
90-days in into the year the pace is a little ahead of our expectations, sequentially improvements in Q2 a little ahead of what we would have projected. And its breadth and the lean count inventories gives us some confidence that this is a sustainable recovery and if you know we don’t see any big impact on a global basis to the macro, there is a good chance that I&I can also show year-on-year growth when all set and done.
Craig Ellis
Thank you Necip.
Necip Sayiner
Thank you Craig.
Operator
[Operator Instructions] And our next question comes from the line of Ross Seymore with Deutsche Bank. Your line is now open.
Ross Seymore
Hi guys thanks for letting me ask the questions. Its similar sort of question to Craig just asked, if I look back I guess in the last year, year and a half somewhere in the low to mid 90s was where your I&I segment had peaked out. can you talk a little bit about what the drop has been caused by, by the sub segments within that and anything that would preclude you from returning to that kind of mid to - or low to mid 90s range?
Necip Sayiner
Yes so that’s very similar to the way we look at this. If you look at 2013 the I&I business was about $85 million run rate, at 2014 was a up bit $90 million that was the good year for some of our end markets, in 2015 it went back to about an $85 million run rate and now we are somewhere in the $85 million to $90 million range. So I think the best way to look at this in my opinion is the observation that, unlike the C&C business, where in I&I we don’t really have the benefit of new product revenues yet.
The level of revenue has largely followed the ups and downs of the macro. It went up in 2014 in a good year, it came down in 2015 it was the more challenging year and now we are seeing some signs of stabilization and recovery with improvement. So I think until we start delivering on new product revenue on I&I that will remain the case I’m optimistic that with the new product slated to generate revenue for us beginning of 2017 will start disconnecting from in a positive from the ups and downs of macro in I&I, but that's been the past three years history of I&I revenue.
Ross Seymore
Great that’s very helpful. I guess switching over Rick one for you on the margin side of things, if what you are talking about with the kind of seasonality plus company specific growth in C&C in the back half of the year does occur. Is it fair to say that that places some pressure on the gross margin in the back half of the year versus the first half of the year and maybe another way to look at it is? How would you think about the year-over-year gross margin trajectory given what you guys think it's going to happen in revenue mix the back half of the year?

Richard D. Crowley
I think the C&C anticipated growth will not be as much as of a headwind as you might be thinking. Some of the quality of these design wins that are ramping that have ramped and will continue to have good margins for us. Of course computing the sense of that grows with Skylake both seasonally and Skylake ramp, a little bit of headwinds, but overall volume of revenue at its solid margins will help. So I would anticipate that we should be able to show solid year-over-year comparisons in second half of the year in gross margins.
Ross Seymore
Great and I guess if I can just sneak in one last one quickly, I think there was the [indiscernible] case, can you give us an update on I think it’s a legal finding with the jury today. I know you guys have reserved against that to a certain extent, but any update on today's news will be helpful?
Necip Sayiner
Sure, after the jury verdict over a year-ago both the plaintiff and so the defense filed notions with the court. So this order today is really the judge’s ruling that sets an notion of process to the court’s final judgment. The amounts are in line with our accrued liabilities, so pretty much as we anticipated a year-ago, we fell that claims are without basis and we will appeal a ruling and that process will take 12-months to 18-month after the final judgment comes down which to be relatively shortly.
Ross Seymore
Great. Thank you.
Operator
And our final question comes from the line of Betsy Van Hees with Wedbush Securities. Your line is now open.
Betsy Van Hees
Good after noon and thanks for taking my question. Congratulations on the solid quarter, I believe we could talk a little bit about seasonality trend. So it looks like we've got a couple of headwinds in the computing consumer business in Q2. I might have heard that you talk about what we would expect for a broader seasonal trends in Q3 in both the I&I business given that your business has changed so much from what it was a year-ago today?
Necip Sayiner
Hi Betsy historically the I&I business was about flat Q2 to Q3 and there was some level of decline into Q4, I don’t expect this to be very different this year, one potential difference could be in our analog business where we see a second half decline over the first half. But since we are coming out of a pretty weak period past few quarters and this business is the recovery mode, we may not see that set down in or analog business in the second half that could be one pleasant surprise.
On the C&C side, typically the third quarter shows a notable improvement in revenues and again while we don’t have great visibility into the demand of our customers or there end-customers based on what we are seeing from there polls on and forecasts you know we should see a repeat performance this year.
Betsy Van Hees
And then can we potentially given the witness Skylake in Q1 and looks like to be in maybe Q2 as well may be sort of a snapback in the Q3 timeframe on top of what we are going to see in the computing business or is that just too hard to tell at this point in time?
Necip Sayiner
I think it is beyond our visibility. That can certainly happen and I think almost optimistic case, but so far the pace of adoption has been slower than prior transitions. So we would plan on a more modest update, but what you are pointing out a certainly possible.
Betsy Van Hees
And then my last question has to deal with inventory level, since the computing business did track in line with your temptations, but mix with different, is that any concerned given that you have had historically problems with inventories and how to do digestion. But there is any inventory issues or that you have the right mix not only in the computing business, but also in consumer and I&I so that the inventory that’s sitting out there is going to be [indiscernible] for you and we don’t have any repeat of unfortunate last year?

Necip Sayiner
Well the channel inventory was well within historically norms for us, while we've seen some uptick in channel inventory, it was on the C&C side and primarily associated with the ramp that we were alluding to that our distributors was supporting. So some of that we know has already sold though and we are being very careful particularly with our distributors in Taiwan in managing their inventory in the computing segment and thus far I think we’ve been able to maintain it within acceptable norms.
Betsy Van Hees
Thanks so much for taking my questions. And once again congratulations on a really great quarter.
Necip Sayiner
Thank you Betsy.
Operator
Thank you and that is all the time we have for question. I will now like to turn the call back over to Shannon Pleasant.
Shannon Pleasant
Thank you for joining us. This now concludes today call.
Operator
Ladies and gentleman thank you for your participation in today conference. This does concludes today’s program. You may now disconnect. Everyone have a great day.

Copyright policy: All transcripts on this site are the copyright of Seeking Alpha. However, we view them as an important resource for bloggers and journalists, and are excited to contribute to the democratization of financial information on the Internet. (Until now investors have had to pay thousands of dollars in subscription fees for transcripts.) So our reproduction policy is as follows: You may quote up to 400 words of any transcript on the condition that you attribute the transcript to Seeking Alpha and either link to the original transcript or to www.SeekingAlpha.com. All other use is prohibited.
THE INFORMATION CONTAINED HERE IS A TEXTUAL REPRESENTATION OF THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S CONFERENCE CALL, CONFERENCE PRESENTATION OR OTHER AUDIO PRESENTATION, AND WHILE EFFORTS ARE MADE TO PROVIDE AN ACCURATE TRANSCRIPTION, THERE MAY BE MATERIAL ERRORS, OMISSIONS, OR INACCURACIES IN THE REPORTING OF THE SUBSTANCE OF THE AUDIO PRESENTATIONS. IN NO WAY DOES SEEKING ALPHA ASSUME ANY RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER DECISIONS MADE BASED UPON THE INFORMATION PROVIDED ON THIS WEB SITE OR IN ANY TRANSCRIPT. USERS ARE ADVISED TO REVIEW THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S AUDIO PRESENTATION ITSELF AND THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S SEC FILINGS BEFORE MAKING ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER DECISIONS.
If you have any additional questions about our online transcripts, please contact us at: transcripts@seekingalpha.com. Thank you!
About this article:ExpandTagged: Technology, Semiconductor - Broad Line, Earnings, TranscriptsError in this transcript? Let us know.Contact us to add your company to our coverage or use transcripts in your business.Learn more about Seeking Alpha transcripts here.Follow SA Transcripts and get email alertsSearch TranscriptThis transcriptFindAll transcriptsFindCompare To:All ISIL TranscriptsOther Companies in this sector





Technology Stocks | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO»Technology StocksMomo 8.0: The Unavoidable ChangeMOMO• Yesterday, 11:39 PM • Ang Shen•1 CommentA Critical Day For AT&TT• Yesterday, 11:23 PM • Quad 7 Capital•7 CommentsSamsung Wants A Piece Of TSMCSSNLF, TSM• Yesterday, 10:36 PM • Mark Hibben•3 CommentsSiemens Is Cheap And Healthineers Helps To Unlock The ValueSIEGY• Yesterday, 10:24 PM • Wubbe Bos•3 CommentsSnap: The Next Twitter?SNAP• Yesterday, 8:58 PM • Activist Stocks•15 CommentsAlphabet: Ignore The One-Time ChargesGOOG, GOOGL• Yesterday, 8:46 PM • Stone Fox Capital•9 CommentsBaidu: Strong Upside, A Short-Term Trigger And A Bright FutureBIDU• Yesterday, 8:09 PM • Value Investigator•8 CommentsWhy You Should Sell Your Apple Shares Before The Next iPhone ReleaseAAPL• Yesterday, 7:42 PM • Michael A. Ball•74 CommentsFirst Solar - Q2 Earnings PreviewFSLR• Yesterday, 7:17 PM • Morningsidepark•4 CommentsLook Beyond The Storm Clouds Hovering Over Silicon MotionEditors' Pick • SIMO• Yesterday, 7:14 PM • Jenks Jumps•2 CommentsRambus, Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesRMBS• Yesterday, 7:01 PM • SA TranscriptsGroupon Should Still Have A Place In Your Long-Term PortfolioGRPN• Yesterday, 6:45 PM • Julie Kent•4 CommentsApple iPhone 8 Expectations Trending Lower Ahead Of EarningsAAPL• Yesterday, 5:45 PM • Alex Cho•35 CommentsPositioning For Verizon EarningsVZ• Yesterday, 5:43 PM • Josh Arnold•14 CommentsMicrosoft: Shareholders Are Set To Benefit From This StockMSFT• Yesterday, 5:27 PM • Michael Wiggins De Oliveira•11 CommentsSanmina Corp 2017 Q3 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesSANM• Yesterday, 5:03 PM • SA TranscriptsArtificial Intelligence: The New Impulse For AlphabetGOOG, GOOGL• Yesterday, 4:34 PM • Oleh Kombaiev•12 CommentsApple Is Likely To Switch To In-House ScreensAAPL• Yesterday, 4:16 PM • Roman Luzgin•18 CommentsBaozun: Is There More Upside In This 2017 Runner?BZUN• Yesterday, 3:47 PM • Jonathan Faison•23 CommentsFacebook Earnings Preview: Bullish On InstagramFB• Yesterday, 3:36 PM • L&F Capital Management•13 CommentsAMD: King Of The CrossoverAMD• Yesterday, 2:59 PM • Kumquat Research•57 CommentsWhy Amazon Needs To Improve Its B2B E-Commerce PresenceAMZN• Yesterday, 2:18 PM • Motek Moyen•14 Comments3 Reasons Why Facebook Could Disappoint This QuarterFB• Yesterday, 2:08 PM • D.M. Martins Research•24 CommentsAMD's Post-Earnings Target PricesAMD• Yesterday, 1:52 PM • Kwan-Chen Ma•147 CommentsMicrosoft's Office 365 Is The New WindowsMSFT• Yesterday, 1:19 PM • Beulah Meriam K•13 CommentsKeeping Stock With Tech: FANG Earnings Kicks Off This Week, With Google And FacebookFB, GOOG, GOOGL• Yesterday, 12:37 PM • Alex Cho•14 CommentsQualcomm Is Dead MoneyQCOM• Yesterday, 12:33 PM • Kumquat Research•53 CommentsLighten Your Load Ahead Of Twitter EarningsTWTR• Yesterday, 12:12 PM • Amigobulls•5 CommentsAmazon Web Services To Experience A Downturn?AMZN• Yesterday, 12:09 PM • SIC Investment Research Inc.•17 CommentsAlphabet Earnings Preview: Google Parent Reports Q2 Results TodayGOOG, GOOGL• Yesterday, 11:59 AM • JJ Kinahan•1 CommentIt's Not All Gloom And Doom For QualcommQCOM• Yesterday, 11:49 AM • Amigobulls•1 CommentIs AT&T The Best Income Opportunity Available Today?T• Yesterday, 11:34 AM • Left Banker•18 CommentsSkyworks: Post-Earnings Valuation Reveals Solid Upside PotentialSWKS• Yesterday, 11:34 AM • Roman Luzgin•3 CommentsApple: Services Revenue Growth Suggests Higher Dividend IncreaseAAPL• Yesterday, 11:30 AM • Ploutos Investing•11 CommentsIBM: This Blue-Chip Stock Just Went On SaleIBM• Yesterday, 11:27 AM • Robert Riesen•24 CommentsMonopoly Scrutiny Of Amazon BaselessAMZN• Yesterday, 11:23 AM • Gary Bourgeault•18 CommentsMicrosoft: Cloud Growth Exceeds All Expectations, Shares Priced For Additional 50% UpsideMSFT• Yesterday, 9:41 AM • Ben Bortner, CFA•15 CommentsGeorge Risk Industries: The Perfect Value TrapEditors' Pick • RSKIA• Yesterday, 9:35 AM • John Zhang•5 CommentsMicrosoft: An Excellent Quarter From This Explosive Tech GiantMSFT• Yesterday, 7:07 AM • Sure Dividend•4 CommentsMicrosoft: Q4 2017 Valuation UpdateMSFT• Yesterday, 7:00 AM • SIC Investment Research Inc.•2 CommentsAkamai: CEO's Second Million-Dollar Share Purchase Inspires ConfidenceAKAM• Yesterday, 6:15 AM • Willow Street Investments•6 CommentsCorning: Flying High Into Earnings (With An Acquisition And More)GLW• Yesterday, 6:00 AM • Willow Street Investments•37 CommentsVeeva Systems: Beware The PrecipiceVEEV• Yesterday, 5:28 AM • John DiCecco•12 CommentsQualcomm Vs. Apple:  Which Is The Better Buy Now?AAPL, QCOM• Yesterday, 12:23 AM • Peter F. Way, CFA•51 CommentsEarnings Preview: Can Box Stay Cash-Flow Positive?BOX• Yesterday, 12:02 AM • Feria Investor•1 CommentBlackBerry's Secure Enterprise File Sync & Share 'Fact Check'BBRY• Sun, Jul. 23, 11:48 PM • KIA Investment Research•80 CommentsEarnings Preview For Advanced Micro DevicesAMD• Sun, Jul. 23, 11:30 PM • Chris Lau•70 CommentsQualcomm Is A BuyQCOM• Sun, Jul. 23, 10:47 PM • PendragonY•123 CommentsIBM: Anatomy Of A Value TrapIBM• Sun, Jul. 23, 10:44 PM • Charles Gooch, Jr.•38 CommentsMy IBM StrategyIBM• Sun, Jul. 23, 9:10 PM • Khen Elazar•14 CommentsNCR Second-Quarter Review And Key TakeawaysNCR• Sun, Jul. 23, 8:59 PM • Jorge Acrisio•3 CommentsIBM - Struggles Continue, No Reason To Be UpbeatIBM• Sun, Jul. 23, 1:08 PM • The Value Investor•22 CommentsPRO Weekly Digest: Identifying Market Mispricings With Yale BockEditors' Pick • FH, MARK• Sun, Jul. 23, 7:30 AM • SA PRO Editors•9 CommentsThe Internet Of Things: Now There's A Growth StoryEditors' Pick • TFECF, TFECY• Sun, Jul. 23, 6:45 AM • Arturo Neto, CFA•30 CommentsTaiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing - A Bright Past And FutureTSM• Sun, Jul. 23, 6:43 AM • Wall Street for Main Street•4 CommentsThe Long Case For AppleAAPL• Sat, Jul. 22, 7:05 AM • Andres Cardenal, CFA•76 CommentsTwilio: Silver Lining In The CloudsTWLO• Sat, Jul. 22, 6:23 AM • Alpha Securities•10 CommentsMicrosoft: Post-Earnings AnalysisMSFT• Sat, Jul. 22, 6:09 AM • Roman Luzgin•20 CommentsApple Reportedly Funds Automotive Battery ResearchAAPL• Fri, Jul. 21, 11:27 PM • Mark Hibben•43 CommentsThere's Not Much To Not Like About Microsoft HereMSFT• Fri, Jul. 21, 6:38 PM • James Brumley•31 CommentsBillion-Dollar Unicorns: DraftKings Faces HurdlesDRAFT• Fri, Jul. 21, 6:20 PM • Sramana MitraSnap's Farce: The Equity Incentive PlanSNAP• Fri, Jul. 21, 6:17 PM • Whestuizen•102 CommentsSemiconductor ETFs To Roar Higher As Q2 Earnings UnfoldSOXX, SMH, PSI• Fri, Jul. 21, 4:00 PM • Zacks FundsThe Short Case For WelbiltEditors' Pick • WBT• Fri, Jul. 21, 4:00 PM • Rational Short Investor•4 CommentsIBM: Don't Get Caught In A Value TrapIBM• Fri, Jul. 21, 3:39 PM • Bank On Insight•21 CommentsNew Chance To Buy Into Shares Of Tintri At IPO Quiet Period ExpirationTNTR• Fri, Jul. 21, 2:53 PM • Don Dion•1 CommentMicrosoft: A Great Dividend Growth Stock To ConsiderMSFT• Fri, Jul. 21, 2:24 PM • Ploutos Investing•42 CommentsAMD To Easily Beat Revenue EstimatesAMD• Fri, Jul. 21, 1:22 PM • Earnings Forecast Focus•140 CommentsStrong Product Rollout Suggests AMD Will Likely Raise Q3 GuidanceAMD• Fri, Jul. 21, 12:32 PM • EnerTuition•66 CommentsA Thoughtful Investment With Help From Baidu BrainBIDU• Fri, Jul. 21, 12:16 PM • Tobias Beith•12 CommentsHow BlackBerry Can Quickly Increase Its Software RevenueBBRY• Fri, Jul. 21, 11:47 AM • Motek Moyen•90 CommentsEarnings Watch: What Will Boost Facebook?FB• Fri, Jul. 21, 11:33 AM • Feria Investor•25 CommentsKey Lessons From Facebook And WWE SpeculationFB• Fri, Jul. 21, 11:26 AM • Gary Bourgeault•2 CommentsWhy You Should Sell Amazon After Its Next Earnings ReleaseAMZN• Fri, Jul. 21, 11:09 AM • Robert Riesen•69 CommentsMicrosoft Keeps Performing Very Well - But Don't Get FooledMSFT• Fri, Jul. 21, 11:08 AM • Jonathan Weber•27 Comments123456...1161Next Page





Earnings Call Transcripts | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO» 








Earnings Transcripts


  Sectors 


All
Most Popular

Basic Materials
Conglomerates
Consumer Goods
Financial
Healthcare
Industrial Goods
Services
Technology
Utilities










Sanmina's (SANM) CEO Jure Sola on Q3 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


SANM•
      Mon, Jul. 24, 10:28 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Heidrick & Struggles International's (HSII) CEO Krishnan Rajagopalan on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


HSII•
      Mon, Jul. 24, 10:25 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Alphabet's (GOOG) CEO Sundar Pichai on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


GOOG•
      Mon, Jul. 24, 10:18 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Rambus' (RMBS) CEO Ron Black on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


RMBS•
      Mon, Jul. 24,  9:30 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Cadence Design Systems (CDNS) CEO Lip-Bu Tan on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


CDNS•
      Mon, Jul. 24,  8:57 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Woodward's (WWD) CEO Tom Gendron on Q3 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


WWD•
      Mon, Jul. 24,  7:19 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Bank of Hawaii's (BOH) CEO Peter Ho on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


BOH•
      Mon, Jul. 24,  5:45 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Reckitt Benckiser Group's (RBGPF) CEO Anthony Romano on Q3 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


RBGPF•
      Mon, Jul. 24,  5:30 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Grupo Aeroportuario del Centro Norte (OMAB) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


OMAB•
      Mon, Jul. 24,  5:09 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Arconic's (ARNC) CEO David Hess on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


ARNC•
      Mon, Jul. 24,  4:33 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




TCF Financial's (TCF) CEO Craig Dahl on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


TCF•
      Mon, Jul. 24,  4:33 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Koninklijke Philips' (PHG) CEO Frans van Houten on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


PHG•
      Mon, Jul. 24,  4:29 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




VF Corporation's (VFC) CEO Steve Rendle on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


VFC•
      Mon, Jul. 24,  4:28 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Opus Bank's (OPB) CEO Stephen Gordon on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


OPB•
      Mon, Jul. 24,  3:46 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Helix Energy Solutions' (HLX) CEO Owen Kratz on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


HLX•
      Mon, Jul. 24,  3:28 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




RPM International's (RPM) CEO Frank Sullivan on Q4 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


RPM•
      Mon, Jul. 24,  3:23 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Halliburton's (HAL) CEO Jeff Miller on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


HAL•
      Mon, Jul. 24,  3:18 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Bank of Marin Bancorp's (BMRC) CEO Russ Colombo on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


BMRC•
      Mon, Jul. 24,  3:17 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Hasbro Inc's (HAS) CEO Brian Goldner on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


HAS•
      Mon, Jul. 24,  3:05 PM

        •
SA Transcripts
•1 Comment 



Scorpio Bulkers' (SALT) CEO Emanuele Lauro on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


SALT•
      Mon, Jul. 24,  3:03 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




ManpowerGroup's (MAN) CEO Jonas Prising on Q1 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


MAN•
      Mon, Jul. 24,  3:02 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Stanley Black & Decker's (SWK) CEO Jim Loree on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


SWK•
      Mon, Jul. 24,  2:54 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Scientific Games' (SGMS) CEO Kevin Sheehan on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


SGMS•
      Mon, Jul. 24,  2:33 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Sify Technologies' (SIFY) CEO Kamal Nath on Q1 2018 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


SIFY•
      Mon, Jul. 24,  2:30 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Lennox International's (LII) CEO Todd Bluedorn on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


LII•
      Mon, Jul. 24,  2:16 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Silicom's (SILC) CEO Shaike Orbach on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


SILC•
      Mon, Jul. 24,  1:51 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Illinois Tool Works' (ITW) CEO Scott Santi on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


ITW•
      Mon, Jul. 24,  1:34 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Ryanair Holdings' (RYAAY) CEO Michael O'Leary on Q1 2018 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


RYAAY•
      Mon, Jul. 24, 12:43 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




TrustCo Bank's (TRST) CEO Robert McCormick on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


TRST•
      Mon, Jul. 24, 10:56 AM

        •
SA Transcripts




PetMed Express' (PETS) CEO Mendo Akdag on Q1 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


PETS•
      Mon, Jul. 24,  9:49 AM

        •
SA Transcripts
•1 Comment 




123456...4431Next Page





Search Transcripts






You can use: AND,NOT, OR,* *(exact phrase)













 
