










 




Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version















WALL FAMILY ABSOLUTE RETURN FUND, LLC -  SouthCarolinaCorporates – Company Profiles of South Carolina


























Home















FIND 


Search for company name, business locations, officers, contacts ..　　　





 
Home » W » WALL FAMILY ABSOLUTE RETURN FUND, LLC












QR Code Of This Company





This is a QR Code for WALL FAMILY ABSOLUTE RETURN FUND, LLC. If you have a QR Code scanning app, you can simply scan this image to have this business's information displayed on your phone.




Related Companies


WOODY COTTAGE, LLC
WILLIAMS REALTY COMPANY, INC.
WOODFIELD GROUP, LLC
WHITE STACK MARITIME CORP.
WARSYS, LLC
WIZARD ENTERPRISES, INC.
WYSTERIA, LLC
WELLSTONE CORPORATION
WILLOW GLADE INVESTMENTS, LLC
WILLIES WELDING WORKS LLC
WAYNE HOMES MID-ATLANTIC, LLC
WEDDING PLANNER, BRIDAL CONSULTING, LLC THE
WILSON MOTORS, INC.
WOOD HAY STUBBLE LLC
WYLONG, LLC
WALLACE HOUSING DEVELOPERS, LLC
WALDROP MECHANICAL SERVICES, LLC
WILLIAM CLARKE MOTORS, INC.
W. L. MILLER MANAGEMENT ASSOCIATES, INC.
W. H. AVARICE, L.L.C.
WHALEY POINT, LLC
WILLIAMS, WILLIAMS, & KNIGHT, INC.
WE CARE FAMILY SERVICES, INC.
WATEREE TRAILER & SUPPLY, INC.
WOODHILL APARTMENTS, LTD, A GEORGIA LIMITED PARTNERSHIP







WALL FAMILY ABSOLUTE RETURN FUND, LLC










This profile contains information from public web pages.

Company Profile



Company Name
WALL FAMILY ABSOLUTE RETURN FUND, LLC


Company No
82794


Domestic
Foreign


Status
Good Standing


State / Organization
DELAWARE                                          Profit


File Date
08/16/2002


Effective Date
08/16/2002


Dissolved Date
n/a


Agent Information

Name: KAREN L. HORTON
Address: 1109 MAIN STREET, CONWAY, SC 29526




Company Overview
				
WALL FAMILY ABSOLUTE RETURN FUND, LLC is a company incorporated in South Carolina and its Company Number is 82794. WALL FAMILY ABSOLUTE RETURN FUND, LLC was filed on 08/16/2002. The company's status is listed as Good Standing.	










History Records



n/a



Contact Information



Company Name
WALL FAMILY ABSOLUTE RETURN FUND, LLC


Telephone
n/a


Business Address
n/a


Email
n/a



Data Disclaimer
				
The information provided on southcarolinacorps.com is collected from a variety of public sources. southcarolinacorps.com website aim to provide the most comprehensive data , however this is dependant on the level of information filed in the public domain.
Data could have changed since the last update. southcarolinacorps.com website advise our visitors to express caution if in doubt, and to seek professional advice before commencing legal action, based on any information contained herein.
When you visit southcarolinacorps.com website, we send one or more cookies to your computer or other device that uniquely identifies your browser. We uses cookies in its advertising services to help advertisers and publishers serve and manage ads across the web. We may set one or more cookies in your browser when you visit a website, including We sites that use our advertising cookies, and view or click on an ad supported by our advertising services.

 




Company Index:  
0-9 
A 
B 
C 
D 
E 
F 
G 
H 
I 
J 
K 
L 
M 
N 
O 
P 
Q 
R 
S 
T 
U 
V 
W 
X 
Y 
Z 

Home  |  
About Us  |  
Privacy Policy  |  
Contact Us



© 2013 SouthCarolinaCorps - Company Profiles of South Carolina






Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














SC Absolute Return Fund, LLC - List of CEOs, founders and company directors

















directorpedia.net - List of CEOs, founders, board members and company directors











SC Absolute Return Fund, LLC
List of persons related to the company SC Absolute Return Fund, LLC. Find out list of CEOs, founders, board members, and company directors of SC Absolute Return Fund, LLC.

CIK Number: 0001538426Company address: GROSVENOR CAPITAL MANAGEMENT, L.P. 900 NORTH MICHIGAN AVENUE, SUITE 1100 CHICAGO 60611Phone number: 312.506.6500



People related to SC Absolute Return Fund, LLC
NamePositionStreetCityCountryA Wolf  BrianGrosvenor Capital Management, L.P. 900 North Michigan, Suite 1100ChicagoILMontgomery  BurkeGrosvenor Capital Management, L.P. 900 North Michigan, Suite 1100ChicagoILDwin  DashaGrosvenor Capital Management, L.P. 900 North Michigan, Suite 1100ChicagoILB Small  DavidGrosvenor Capital Management, L.P. 900 North Michigan, Suite 1100ChicagoILS Richter  DavidGrosvenor Capital Management, L.P. 900 North Michigan, Suite 1100ChicagoILA. Felton  EricGrosvenor Capital Management, L.P. 900 North Michigan, Suite 1100ChicagoILLevin  JonGrosvenor Capital Management, L.P. 900 North Michigan, Suite 1100ChicagoILD Gutman  JosephGrosvenor Capital Management, L.P. 900 North Michigan, Suite 1100ChicagoILH. Nesler  JosephGrosvenor Capital Management, L.P. 900 North Michigan, Suite 1100ChicagoILFarahnakian  LillyGrosvenor Capital Management, L.P. 900 North Michigan, Suite 1100ChicagoILSacks  MichaelGrosvenor Capital Management, L.P. 900 North Michigan, Suite 1100ChicagoILn/a  GCM L.L.C. ("GCM")900 North Michigan Avenue Suite 1100ChicagoILn/a  Grosvenor Capital Management, L.P.900 North Michigan Avenue Suite 1100ChicagoILn/a  Grosvenor Capital Management, L.P. ("Grosvenor")900 North Michigan Avenue Suite 1100ChicagoILn/a  Grosvenor Holdings, L.L.C.900 North Michigan Suite 1100ChicagoILA. Meister  PaulGrosvenor Capital Management, L.P. 900 North Michigan, Suite 1100ChicagoIL




SC Absolute Return Fund, LLC on the Web
Related companiesSC 75 PARK EB-5, LLC, SC Absolute Return Fund, LLC Series B, SC Academy Holdings, Inc., SC Acquisition Co LLC, SC ASIAN OPPORTUNITY FUND LP, SC BMW, LLC, SC Calida LLC, SC CHINA CO-INVESTMENT 2011-A, L.P., SC CLD Holdings, LLC, SC Complex LP, SC Core Fund L.P., SC Core Parallel Fund L.P., SC Credit Opportunities Mandate, LLC, SC CRESTVIEW INVESTCO, LLC, SC FB Holdings LLC












 








SC Absolute Return Fund, LLC - Who is raising money? | SEC filings of fundraisings and investments in hedge funds, startups and private equity companies















Who is raising money?











SC Absolute Return Fund, LLC  Funding details


SC Absolute Return Fund, LLC Industry: Pooled Investment FundCIK Number: 0001538426Address: GROSVENOR CAPITAL MANAGEMENT, L.P. 900 NORTH MICHIGAN AVENUE, SUITE 1100 CHICAGO 60611Phone number: 312.506.6500



Latest news
SC Absolute Return Fund, LLC raised $380,945,000 from 1 investor on 2016-12-22.



SC Absolute Return Fund, LLC Filings

DateFiling TypeOfferedSoldRemainingMin. investmentInvest. countExemption / Exlusions
2016-12-22Amended Form DIndefinite$380,945,000Indefinite$0106b 3C 3C.7[SEC Filing]2011-12-30New Form DIndefinite$200,000,000Indefinite$0106 3C 3C.7[SEC Filing]
SC Absolute Return Fund, LLC raised $380,945,000 in total.



Directors and Executives of SC Absolute Return Fund, LLC
Key People in SC Absolute Return Fund, LLC:

n/a Grosvenor Capital Management, L.P.n/a GCM L.L.C. ("GCM")n/a Grosvenor Holdings, L.L.C.Eric FeltonMichael SacksPaul MeisterJoseph NeslerDavid SmallJoseph GutmanBrian WolfDavid Richtern/a Grosvenor Capital Management, L.P. ("Grosvenor")Burke MontgomeryJon LevinDasha DwinLilly Farahnakian
Similar companiesSCHRODER VENTURES INTERNATIONAL INVESTMENT TRUST PLC, SCHER PARTNERS LP, SCOPIA INTERNATIONAL LTD, SCOPIA LONG LLC, SCOPIA PARTNERS LLC, Scopia Partners QP LLC, SCOPIA PX INTERNATIONAL LTD, Scopia PX LLC, SCIENS INTERNATIONAL FUND OF HEDGE FUNDS, SCP DOMESTIC FUND LP, SCP EQUITY FUND DOMESTIC L P, SCP EQUITY FUND OVERSEAS, LTD








Last visited companies: Grafoid Inc., ALUNG TECHNOLOGIES INC, KKR Lending Partners Europe (GBP) Unlevered L.P., Carlisle Delaware Feeder LLC, Quantica MF Delaware Feeder LLC

								© whoisraisingmoney.com
Daily updated news about investment into startups, hedge funds and private equity companies.

















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft































Columbia Threadneedle Investments


Skip to main content








 
Welcome to our website for Financial Professionals. To visit our site for Individual Investors, please use the arrow below to change your selection.
  







Help
Contact Us
Log In









				Financial Professionals 


Financial Professionals
Individual Investors
Institutional Investors
Global Home








 Toggle navigation 
  









Menu



Home


Products





Products
Mutual Funds
529 Plans
Closed-End Funds
Variable Products
Managed Accounts
Exchange Traded Funds (ETFs)







Discover products designed to achieve your clients’ goals.
Watch Video






Perspectives





Perspectives
Our Blog
Market Outlook
Contributors






Learn how our culture of innovation fosters thought leaders and new ideas.
Watch Video






Resources





Resources
Fiduciary Insights
Forms & Applications
Investor Goals
Learning Center
Literature
RIA Resource Center
Tax Center






Find resources designed to help you succeed.
Watch Video






About Us





About Us
Leadership
Our Philosophy
Press Center






Meet the people behind the work and get to know Columbia Threadneedle.
Watch Video






















Contact Us
Help
Log In






Financial Professionals
Individual Investors
Institutional Investors
Global Home







































Share

Share



























Subscribe 












Overview



Overview


Performance


Capital Gains & Dividends


Portfolio
                                            Details


News


Literature
                                            & Resources


Perspectives


Disclosures



















Overview



























Strategy & Benefits

















Performance






Capital Gains & Dividends




Portfolio Details




















                                                Full Holdings (Unaudited)
                                            

View holdings as of



 













News



Literature & Resources

 






Disclosures





Performance
Performance for different share classes varies based on differences in sales charges and fees associated with each class. Not all Funds offer every class of shares.
Net asset value (NAV) returns do not include sales charges or contingent deferred sales charges (CDSC). If they were included, returns would be lower.
Class A and T: Public offering price (POP) returns are calculated with the effect of the maximum initial sales charge.
Class B: Class B shares are closed to new investors. Returns W/CDSC are calculated with the effect of a contingent deferred sales charge (CDSC).
Class C: Returns W/CDSC are calculated with the effect of a CDSC.
Class V: POP returns are calculated with the effect of the maximum initial sales charge.
Class R, R4, R5, Y and Z: Shares are sold only at NAV. Only eligible investors may purchase these shares. See the prospectus for eligibility requirements and other important information.
Gross expense ratio: Fund expense ratios are calculated based on the Fund's average net assets during the Fund's most recently completed fiscal year (or based on estimated amounts for funds that have been in existence less than one year), and have not been adjusted for current asset levels. If adjusted for any decrease or increase in assets, expense ratios would be higher or lower, respectively, than the numbers shown above. Please see the Fund's prospectus for additional details.
Net expense ratio: Net expenses are after expense waiver/reimbursement. The investment manager and certain of its affiliates have contractually (for at least the current fiscal year) agreed to waive certain fees and/or to reimburse certain expenses of the Fund, as described in the Fund's prospectus, unless sooner terminated at the sole discretion of the Fund's board. Fee waivers/expense caps would limit the impact that any decrease in assets would have on net expense ratios in the current fiscal year.
†† For Columbia Adaptive Alternatives Fund, effective March 4, 2015, the investment manager and certain of its affiliates have contractually agreed (for at least twelve months after the date of the fund prospectus), in addition to an existing arrangement, to waive certain fees and/or to reimburse certain expenses of the fund. The capped expense ratio consists of the gross expense ratio, as reflected in the fund's prospectus adjusted to reflect any fee waiver/expense reimbursement and excluding dividends and interest expense on securities sold short at the fund and underlying fund levels.
*Inception date shown is the share class inception date. The since inception returns shown are since fund inception. Returns shown for periods prior to the fund's share class inception date include the returns of the oldest share class of the fund, adjusted to reflect higher class-related operating expenses, as applicable. In addition, the returns shown include the returns of any predecessor to the fund. Click here for more information.
**Portfolio characteristics are subject to change periodically and may not be representative of current characteristics.

Morningstar Rating
For each fund with at least a three-year history, Morningstar calculates a Morningstar Rating™ used to rank the fund against other funds in the same category. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation in a fund's monthly excess performance, without any adjustments for loads (front-end, deferred, or redemption fees), placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for comparative purposes. The top 10% of funds in each category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars and the bottom 10% receive 1 star (each share class is counted as a fraction of one fund within this scale and rated separately, which may cause slight variations in the distribution percentages).

Morningstar Percentile Rankings are based on the average annual total returns of the funds in the category for the periods stated and do not include any sales charges or redemption fees, but do not include 12b-1 fees and the reinvestment of dividends and capital gains distributions. The highest (or most favorable) percentile rank is 1 and the lowest (or least favorable) percentile rank is 100. Rankings for each share class will vary due to different expenses. Had sales charges or redemption fees been included, total returns would be lower.
Morningstar Style Box 
The Morningstar Style BoxTM is based on the Fund's portfolio holdings as of period end. The vertical axis shows the market capitalization of the stocks owned, and the horizontal axis shows investment style (value, blend, or growth). Information shown is based on the most recent data provided by Morningstar. The Morningstar style box data is updated on the 10th business day after every month end.
© 2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. The Morningstar information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information.
Definitions
Alpha measures the relationship between the Fund's performance and its beta over a three-year period. Alpha greater than 0.0 means an investment has performed better than the compared index given its level of risk. It can be viewed as a measure of the value added by the Fund manager.
Annual Distribution Rate at NAV: is based on the Fund's most recent distribution per share (annualized) divided by the Fund's NAV.
Average effective duration provides a measure of the fund's interest-rate sensitivity.
Beta measures a fund's risk relative to its benchmark The index is equivalent to 1.0. A fund with a beta greater than 1.0 has been more volatile than the index while a fund with a beta less than 1.0 has been less volatile.
Price-to-Book Ratio is a stock's price divided by its book value, and may help determine if the stock is valued fairly.
Price-to-Earnings Ratio is a stock's price divided by after-tax earnings over a trailing 12-month period, which serves as an indicator of value based on earnings.
R-Squared ranges from 0.00 to 100 and measures how closely the Fund's performance matches (or doesn't match) the performance of its benchmark index.
30-day SEC Yield: The SEC yield should be regarded as an estimate of the fund's rate of investment income reflecting an estimated yield to maturity (assuming all current portfolio holdings are held to maturity), and it may not equal the fund's actual income distribution rate or the income paid to a shareholder's account. The yield shown reflects fee waivers in effect, if any. In the absence of such waivers, yields would be reduced. The fund may own treasury inflation protected securities (TIPS) or other inflation indexed securities. If so, the yield will reflect an inflation adjustment that is attributable to these securities. This adjustment and the resulting yield can be positive (in the case of inflation) or negative (in the case of deflation) during the period shown.
Unsubsidized 30-day SEC Yield: The unsubsidized yield shown is the SEC yield adjusted to reflect the gross expense ratio applicable to the class of shares shown and without regard to the contractual reimbursements and fee waivers required of the fund's investment manager and affiliates.
The 30-day yields may appear to be the same due to rounding.
The Columbia Inflation Protection Securities Fund and certain other funds own treasury inflation protected securities (TIPS) or other inflation indexed securities. For a fund that owns TIPS or other inflation indexed securities, the SEC Yield, when shown, will reflect an inflation adjustment that is attributable to these types of securities. This adjustment as well as the resulting yield can be positive (in the case of inflation) or negative (in the case of deflation) during the period shown. Absent the inflation adjustment, the yield shown may be materially different and may vary significantly from month to month, especially for a fund such as Columbia Inflation Protection Securities Fund which invests substantially in TIPS and other inflation indexed securities. In periods when the SEC yield is exceptionally high due to a rise in the inflation rate, it is important to bear in mind that the adjustment in the yield from the inflation rate may not be repeated.
Sharpe Ratio divides a fund's return in excess of the 90-day Treasury bill by the investment's standard deviation to measure risk-adjusted performance.
Standard Deviation is a statistical measure of the degree to which an individual value in a probability distribution tends to vary from the mean of the distribution.
Turnover Rate (fiscal year end%) measures the percentage of holdings that has been "turned over" or replaced, in the past year.
Average Coupon is a calculation of the total interest cost for a bond issue expressed as a percentage. The average coupon is equal to the total interest payments of an issue divided by bond year dollars.
Duration to Worst is the duration of a bond computed using the bond's nearest call date or maturity, whichever comes first. This measure ignores future cash flow fluctuations due to embedded optionality.
It is not possible to invest directly in an index. For index descriptions, click here.


Performance
Returns shown do not reflect any fees, expenses or sales charges imposed by your Contract or Qualified Plan, or imposed on Accounts that may own shares directly. Inclusion of these charges would reduce total returns for all periods shown.
Gross expense ratio: Fund expense ratios are calculated based on the Fund's average net assets during the Fund's most recently completed fiscal year (or based on estimated amounts for funds that have been in existence less than one year), and have not been adjusted for current asset levels. If adjusted for any decrease or increase in assets, expense ratios would be higher or lower, respectively, than the numbers shown above. Please see the Fund's prospectus for additional details.
Net expense ratio: Net expenses are after expense waiver/reimbursement. The investment manager and certain of its affiliates have contractually (for at least the current fiscal year) agreed to waive certain fees and/or to reimburse certain expenses of the Fund, as described in the Fund's prospectus, unless sooner terminated at the sole discretion of the Fund's board. Fee waivers/expense caps would limit the impact that any decrease in assets would have on net expense ratios in the current fiscal year. 
*Inception date shown is the share class inception date. The since inception returns shown are since fund inception. Returns shown for periods prior to the fund’s share class inception date include the returns of the oldest share class of the fund, adjusted to reflect higher class-related operating expenses, as applicable. In addition, the returns shown include the returns of any predecessor to the fund. Click here for more information.
It is not possible to invest directly in an index. For index descriptions, click here.
The Columbia Variable Portfolios and Wanger Funds (the "Variable Funds") are available only through variable annuity contracts and variable life insurance policies issued by participating insurance companies or certain eligible retirement plans. The Variable Funds are not offered to the public. Not all Variable Funds and classes are available in all contracts, policies or plans. Please contact your financial advisor or insurance representative for more information.
Columbia Management Investment Advisers, LLC serves as the investment adviser to the Columbia Variable Portfolios. Columbia Wanger Asset Management, LLC serves as the investment adviser to the Wanger Funds. The variable funds are distributed by Columbia Management Investment Distributors, Inc., member FINRA.


Performance
Effective 09/01/2016, performance reporting for Class A and Class AG with all sales charges reflects a maximum sales charge of 3.75% , except for the Columbia Conservative 529 Portfolio, FA Strategic Income 529 Portfolio, Columbia Income Opportunities 529 Portfolio, Columbia Total Return Bond 529 Portfolio, JP Morgan Core Bond 529 Portfolio, iShares TIPS Bond ETF 529 Portfolio, Templeton Global Bond 529 Portfolio and Columbia US Government Mortgage 529 Portfolio, which reflect a maximum sales charge of 3%. The Columbia College 529 Portfolio, Columbia Short Term Bond 529 Portfolio, Columbia Legacy Capital Preservation 529 Portfolio have no initial sales charges for Pricing Alternative A, but the Legacy Capital Preservation 529 Portfolio has a contingent deferred sales charge (CDSC) for Pricing Alternative C.
Please consider the investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses carefully before investing. Contact your financial advisor or visit columbiathreadneedle.com/us for a Program Description, which contains this and other important information about the Future Scholar College Savings Plan. Read it carefully before investing. You should also consider, before investing, whether the investor’s or designated beneficiary’s home state offers any state tax or other benefits that are only available for investments in such state’s qualified tuition program.
Expense ratios are as of the plan's most recent Program Brochure & Tuition Savings Agreement. Performance may reflect waivers or reimbursements of fund expenses by the adviser or its affiliates. Absent these waivers, or reimbursement arrangements, performance results may be lower. The net and gross expense ratios shown are updated on the first day of each month.
Total returns assume the reinvestment of all underlying fund distributions at NAV. Portfolio unit value (PUV) returns do not include sales charges or contingent deferred sales charges (CDSCs). If they were included, returns would have been lower.
Pricing Alternative B: Public offering price (POP) returns are calculated with the effect of the applicable CDSC for the holding period after an initial purchase as follows: through the first year, 5%; second year, 4%; third year, 3%; fourth year, 3%; fifth year, 2%; sixth year, 1% and thereafter, 0%. These shares convert to Pricing Alternative A units in the eighth year after purchase. Effective December 1, 2010, Class B of each portfolio was closed to both new accounts and additional contributions to existing accounts.
Pricing Alternative C: Public offering price (POP) returns are calculated with the effect of a 1% CDSC for the first year after purchase except for the Conservative 529 and College 529 Portfolios as well as the single-fund fixed-income portfolios and the Legacy Capital Preservation 529 Portfolio, which have a 0.75% CDSC.
Pricing Alternative E: Units are sold only at portfolio unit value (PUV). Only eligible investors may purchase these units. See the program description for eligibility requirements and other important information.
Pricing Alternative Z: Units are sold only at portfolio unit value (PUV). Only eligible investors may purchase these units. See the program description for eligibility requirements and other important information.
Contributions initially invested directly into the Columbia Bank Deposit 529 Portfolio are not subject to the imposition of an initial or deferred sales charge under any Pricing Alternative.
It is not possible to invest directly in an index. For index descriptions, click here.
Columbia Management Investment Distributors, Inc., member FINRA, is the distributor and underwriter for the Future Scholar 529 College Savings Plan Financial Advisor Program. The Office of State Treasurer of South Carolina (the State Treasurer) administers the Program, and has selected Columbia Management Investment Distributors, Inc. (Columbia Management) as Program Manager. Columbia Management and its affiliates are responsible for providing certain administrative, recordkeeping and investment services, and for the marketing of the Program. Columbia Management is not affiliated with the State Treasurer.
Investments made in the Future Scholar 529 College Savings Plan:

The Advisor Plan is sold exclusively through financial advisors, while the Direct Plan is sold directly by the Program. Participation in the Direct Plan is limited to a select group of investors, as described in the Program Description. The Direct Plan offers a more limited selection of investment choices than the Advisor Plan, and the fees and expenses are lower. Please refer to the Program Description for more information.











































































































                                    Contact Us
                                













Mutual Funds Marketing Support and Literature
                                RequestsMonday - Thursday, 8
                    	a.m. - 7 p.m. ET; Friday 8 a.m. - 6 p.m. ET


                                Financial Institutions
                            

                                800.718.9009
                            



                                Broker/Dealers
                            

                                800.215.5005
                            



                                Registered Investment Advisors
                            

                                866.444.5435
                            



                                Independent Advisors
                            

                                800.446.4008
                            



                                Dealer Services Monday - Friday, 8 a.m. - 7 p.m. ET
                            

                                800.322.2847
                            





                                Service inquiries
                            






                                Product inquiries
                            






                                Sales/Prospecting questions
                            




Shareholder Account ServicesMonday - Friday, 8 a.m. - 7 p.m. ET



                                Shareholder Services
                            

                                800.345.6611
                            



                                Transaction Department
                            

                                800.422.3737
                            



More Contact Options

Help
















 



Absolute Return, Absolute Return Fund, Absolute Return Funds – Putnam Investments



































Putnam Investments - Individual Investors


Login
About Putnam
Contact Us










 



Email
Facebook
Twitter
Google+
LinkedIn


Home
Mutual funds
Absolute Return Funds




Absolute Return Funds




Expand the strategies in a portfolio with absolute return funds, that pursue positive return targets using tools that seek to reduce their risk.
Absolute return funds offer an alternative to more traditional stock, bond, or balanced funds. An absolute return strategy is independent of traditional benchmarks such as the S&P 500 Index or the Barclays U.S. Aggregate Bond Index, which gives it the freedom to invest in a wide variety of securities as well as a variety of strategies to hedge specific types of risk. The funds may have lower volatility over time and are designed to operate independently of market direction. Putnam is the first mutual fund company to offer a suite of four absolute return funds designed for all kinds of investors.
Putnam's approach

We offer a suite of four absolute return funds that may be considered as alternatives to stock funds, bond funds, or balanced funds.
The funds can provide investment diversification as an anchor to any portfolio, and serve as a complement to traditional relative return funds. 
Putnam portfolio managers have experience in managing absolute return strategies over multiple market cycles.

Browse Putnam's Absolute Return Funds



Absolute Return 100 Fund
Absolute Return 300 Fund
Absolute Return 500 Fund
Absolute Return 700 Fund











Absolute Return Funds









Asset Allocation Funds









Bond Funds









Equity Funds









International and Global Funds









Municipal Bond Funds








Build a diversified portfolio of funds. Talk to an advisor »







For more information on these funds and the potential risks of investing, please click on the fund names. You can lose money investing in a mutual fund.
The funds are not intended to outperform stocks and bonds during strong market rallies. S&P 500 Index is an unmanaged index of common stock performance. Barclays U.S. Aggregate Bond Index is an unmanaged index of U.S. investment-grade fixed-income securities. You cannot invest directly in an index. 













 

Sc Absolute Return Fund Llc - Funding history, company info, news ...































Want to see more?Want to find out who got funded, and who’s funding the next big thing? in real time? all across the world? tailored to your specific areas of focus?100+ deals per dayGet access to the most exhaustive worldwide funding watch on the web!Comprehensive funding informationKnow about who invested in a company, which sites covered the event, the funding history, etc.Exclusive insightsView original analytics such as most dynamic industries, most active investors, and more!Stay aware!Get emailed when deals critical to your business happen. Filter by region, industry and topics of interest.As seen onHave a login?Sign inRegister now!It's free!Use your social accountOr fill in the quick form:Register nowpromise we won't spamSign invia your social account:via your existing WGF account:Remember meRegister, it's freeForgot your password?SIGN INForgot your password?Enter your e-mail and we will send you your new password.reset passwordThe world's largest funding base/companies/42295-sc-absolute-return-fund-llcsection=companies&subsection=detail&id=42295  




			Search deals by company name, industry, location, investors...			
			




SEARCH


Sc Absolute Return Fund LlcCompany DetailsGet alertedif Sc Absolute Return Fund Llc gets funded!Sc Absolute Return Fund LlcFunding history Key peopleCountry:State:City:United StatesIllinoisChicagoIndustry:Finance Funding history DateDeal sizeInvestors December 30th, 2011$200,000,000-View DealCreate alertManage your alerts in accountWant to know when Sc Absolute Return Fund Llc gets funded?Key peopleEric FeltonExecutive_OfficerJoseph GutmanExecutive_OfficerPaul MeisterExecutive_OfficerJoseph NeslerExecutive_OfficerDavid RichterExecutive_OfficerMichael SacksExecutive_OfficerDavid SmallExecutive_OfficerBrian WolfExecutive_OfficerPlease note that all data is automatically extracted and errors can occur.The WhoGotFunded team has not necessarily reviewed the information in this page and has not determined if it is accurate and complete.Inaccurate Data? Help us improve WhoGotFunded: post a comment!