

	SCALE VENTURE PARTNERS Trademark of SCALE MANAGEMENT, LLC. Serial Number: 77073563 :: Trademarkia Trademarks





























































Apply Online!
Attorneys

Services 

U.S. Trademark Registration Service 
International Trademark Registration Service 
Trademark Office Action Response 
Trademark Statement of Use 
Trademark Renewal 
Trademark Assignment 
Trademark Watch 
Trademark Cease & Desist  
Trademark Comprehensive Search  
Copyright Registration 
Patent Services 
Incorporation Services 
Business Page Creation 
 More Services... 


Help
Contact Us


Login






















Trademark Search 
Trademark Category
Insurance & Financial Services
SCALE VENTURE PARTNERS










 
Get FREE email alerts













SCALE VENTURE PARTNERS  Trademark Information
 SCALE MANAGEMENT, LLC
VENTURE CAPITAL INVESTMENT CONSULTATION AND INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT SERVICES; FUNDS INVESTMENT; VENTURE CAPITAL INVESTMENT; AND INVESTMENT OF FUNDS FOR OTHERS




Perfect for these industries

Insurance & Financial Services





Words that describe this mark
venture   capital   investment   consultation   investment   management   services   funds   investment   venture   capital   investment   investment   funds    
                                    




This is a brand page for the SCALE VENTURE PARTNERS trademark by SCALE MANAGEMENT, LLC 
                                in FOSTER CITY, CA, 94404.
Write a review about a product or service associated with this SCALE VENTURE PARTNERS trademark.    
                                Or, contact the owner SCALE MANAGEMENT, LLC of the SCALE VENTURE PARTNERS trademark by filing a request to communicate with    
                                the Legal Correspondent for licensing, use, and/or questions related to the SCALE VENTURE PARTNERS trademark.
                           






On Friday, December 29, 2006,  a U.S. federal trademark registration was filed for 
                        SCALE VENTURE PARTNERS by 
                        SCALE MANAGEMENT, LLC, FOSTER CITY, CA  94404.
                        The USPTO has given the SCALE VENTURE PARTNERS 
                        trademark serial  number of  77073563.  
                        The current federal status of this trademark filing is CONTINUED USE AND INCONTESTIBILITY ACCEPTED.
                        The correspondent listed for SCALE VENTURE PARTNERS is 
                        
                        
                                            Anne H. Peck of 
                                            COOLEY LLP,  Suite 700, 1299 Pennsylvania Avenue NW Washington DC 20004
                                .
                            The SCALE VENTURE PARTNERS trademark is filed in the category of 
                            
                                    Insurance & Financial Services
                                . 
                            The description provided to the USPTO for SCALE VENTURE PARTNERS 
                            is VENTURE CAPITAL INVESTMENT CONSULTATION AND INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT SERVICES; FUNDS INVESTMENT; VENTURE CAPITAL INVESTMENT; AND INVESTMENT OF FUNDS FOR OTHERS. 
                            





Word mark:
 SCALE VENTURE PARTNERS


  Status/Status Date:  


CONTINUED USE AND INCONTESTIBILITY ACCEPTED

4/25/2015



  Serial Number:  
77073563


  Filing Date:  
12/29/2006


 Registration Number:  
3606476 


 Registration Date:  
4/14/2009


 Goods and Services: 
VENTURE CAPITAL INVESTMENT CONSULTATION AND INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT SERVICES; FUNDS INVESTMENT; VENTURE CAPITAL INVESTMENT; AND INVESTMENT OF FUNDS FOR OTHERS


 Mark Description: 
NOT AVAILABLE


 Type Of Mark: 
Service Mark


 Published For Opposition Date: 
11/27/2007


Last Applicant/Owner:

SCALE MANAGEMENT, LLCFOSTER CITY, CA  94404
Why is this contact information displayed?  

Why is this contact information displayed? [Close]
The USPTO makes this data available for search by the public so that individuals can locate ownership information for intellectual property, much the same way a county might make real estate property ownership information available.
Since our website is synchronized with the USPTO data, we recommend making any data changes with the USPTO directly. Our website will auto-update when the USPTO data is updated.
You may also contact Trademarkia to make a request for the removal of your personally identifiable information or trademark data.  Such requests must be made in writing and will be subject to verification of ownership.  This policy allows verified trademark owners to specify: (A) that their identifiable information be masked, or (B) that their trademark pages permanently deleted from Trademarkia.com.  
                                                Requests may be made directly to customer.service@trademarkia.com and every effort will be made to honor them within 48 hours. 
Click here for further details.
[Close]




 Mark Drawing Code:  
Standard Character Mark


 Design Search: 


(NO DATA)



Register Type:  
Principal


 Disclaimer:
 ("VENTURE PARTNERS")


 Correspondent:


Anne H. Peck
COOLEY LLP
Suite 700
1299 Pennsylvania Avenue NW
Washington DC 20004





 Use in Commerce Trademark - Applicant has provided proof of use of this mark in commerce to USPTO.





Classification Information



Primary Class: 
 Class (036) - Insurance; financial affairs; monetary affairs; real estate affairs. 


First Use Anywhere: 
Not provided


First Use In Commerce: 
Not provided





Trademarkia is the largest search engine for U.S. trademarks.  Each month hundreds of trademarks around the world are filed by licensed attorneys in the LegalForce/Trademarkia network! You can register your trademark in 170+ countries in the world through LegalForce Network.
 LegalForce Network can help you incorporate a business around your SCALE VENTURE PARTNERS trademark in less than 5 minutes.  Trademarkia makes the process easy and convenient, so start now!
 Trademarkia.com is a free search engine of publicly available government records.  Trademarkia.com is not a law firm and does not represent owners & correspondents listed on this page.
Trademark Document Retrieval >>







Trademark - Apply Online!


100% Satisfaction Guarantee protect your valuable brand now.



How it works?
What you get?






1. Legalforce RAPC - #1 U.S. Trademark Filing from 2010 to now.
2. Describe how your business or product is being used. Register your mark in 176+ countries. Just $199 + govt fees! Start here >>






1. Top Global IP Attorneys - Credibility and Experience!
2. All processes will be performed in a timely manner. You will be informed periodically about the process.






Keep Track of this Brand.

 Trademark Watch Services
Keep track of how your trademark is being used. Available in the United States and in more than 176 countries. Round-the-clock monitoring. Monthly report on potential infringement.
                                

Watch this Trademark 

Trademark Watch Services read more...

Current Trademark Status:

4/25/2015
CONTINUED USE AND INCONTESTIBILITY ACCEPTED


Free Trademark Search:






Correspondent Search:



Anne H. Peck


                                             
                                         is a correspondent of SCALE VENTURE PARTNERS trademark. 
                            	    


Current Overall Rating:

 (0 review)
                            
What You Can Do:




Start Your Business



FREE Logo Creator



Add to Favorites



View Documents



FREE Trademark Search



Start Trademark Filing Process



Protect this Mark Internationally



Custom Logo Design $159



Search scaleventurepartners on popular social networks






                                Trademarkia lets you see how your 
                                personal name, product name, 
                                trademark name or username is being used on any of 530+ new 
                                and popular social networks.  
                                Be the first to reserve your name  and get help stopping others from using it - all in one place!















Trademark Oppose Service


You can request for Extension of Time to Oppose this mark or Oppose it now.



                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 







Status Update Alerts

Status Update Alerts are email updates of the latest trademark status change. Please make sure you provide the correct email. 


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 









Review & Rating

Please Rate and Review for SCALE VENTURE PARTNERS 




SCALE VENTURE PARTNERS is providing VENTURE CAPITAL INVESTMENT CONSULTATION AND INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT SERVICES; FUNDS INVESTMENT; VENTURE CAPITAL INVESTMENT; AND INVESTMENT OF FUNDS FOR OTHERS.
                


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password to be associated with your review.
                 

                 If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password before posting your review.
                 


* Please Rate: 


     




* Your Review: 



 Please enter your review.



* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



 

  
                             



 




















Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version












 



SCALE Management (@scalemanagement) • Instagram photos and videos























































































 



SCALE Management (@scalemanagement) • Instagram photos and videos























































































 



SCALE Management (@scalemanagement) • Instagram photos and videos























































































 



SCALE Management (@scalemanagement) • Instagram photos and videos































































































Product Management Blog | 280 Group Product Management









































































 










Other MenusHOME
ABOUT

Team
Clients, Testimonials, and Work Samples
Partners
Awards
Press Room


CONTACT

Contact Sales
Contact Support
Work for Our Clients
Work for Us


BLOG
FREE STUFF
LINKEDIN
TWITTER
FACEBOOK
GOOGLE+
SHOPPING CART
 





Navigation



280 Group Product Management
Product Management Training & Consulting














Product Management Training & Consulting

Home > Product Management Blog

 
3 Tests for Great Product Messaging 
Written by: Duncan Gilmore | Posted on: Jul 26, 2017  | Category: Product Management, Product Marketing  0

In this new video and blog post we discuss something that is exceedingly important in the product world: messaging. For this topic we have brought in one of 280 Group’s senior consultant and trainers, Bill Haines. If you are a Product Manager and have developed some messaging, of course you would like to know if your product messaging is really going to be effective and resonate with your customers. Fortunately Bill is here to provide us with three tests that…[continue reading]
 



 
Developing a Lean Product Management Mindset – Part I 
Written by: Greg Cohen | Posted on: Jul 18, 2017  | Category: Lean Product Management  0

In today’s fast pace, hyper-competitive world of product development, a lean mindset is a new skill product managers and product teams need to develop.  But what exactly is a lean mindset? At its simplest, Lean is a way to analyze our process and actions in pursuit of delivering value to the market faster.   For product management, the goal is to achieve product-market fit in less time with fewer resources. It is a target upon which we will forever work…[continue reading]
 



 
Three Things Salespeople Need from Product Managers 
Written by: Duncan Gilmore | Posted on: Jul 11, 2017  | Category: Product Management  0

The topic of this blog and video is three things that salespeople require from you, the Product Manager. To help us dive in to this issue, we interviewed Dave Dersh, an extremely successful and experienced salesperson who has applied his trade for Apple, Dell, and Sun Microsystems to name a few. Watch Now Dave starts by explaining that salespeople need a compelling message and value proposition. Features on their own are simply not enough, but instead, how do these features…[continue reading]
 



 
What is Lean Product Management 
Written by: Duncan Gilmore | Posted on: Jun 28, 2017  | Category: Lean Product Management  0

Greg Cohen is the author or Agile Excellence for Product Managers, and a Lean Product Management expert, as well as a consultant/trainer for 280 Group. In this video he answers one seemingly simple question: What is Lean Product Management? The answer of course is not as simple as the question, Lean Product Management is a complex topic but Greg breaks it down in an easy to understand way. Lean Product Management can basically be defined as a mindset that Product…[continue reading]
 



 
Five Tips for Product Managers to Get Executive Support 
Written by: Brian Lawley | Posted on: Jun 20, 2017  | Category: Product Management  0

If you are in Product Management, executive support for your plans can mean the difference between your product’s success and failure. Getting executives and management to support what you are proposing can be very challenging and difficult. What can a Product Manager do to increase the chances of getting what they ask for? This video and article cover five techniques for just that. Watch Now Five ways to get executive support: Be brief and hard-hitting. Nothing will kill your chances…[continue reading]
 



 
Who are Product Managers? Infographic 
Written by: Duncan Gilmore | Posted on: Jun 16, 2017  | Category: Infographics, Product Management  0

  What do Product Managers do? Product managers can work on a myriad of items be it: Software Hardware Cloud Services Or even Professional Services Many people say that even within the products they work on, there are a number of different kinds of product managers. Customer-focused Engineer-focused Design-focused Business-focused   Where do Product Managers come from? The majority (84%*) come from North America; 72% of which are from the United States itself. Within the United States, there is a large…[continue reading]
 



 
Why an MVP Needs to Be a Product and Not Just a Test 
Written by: Greg Cohen | Posted on: Jun 14, 2017  | Category: Lean Product Management  0

Language is dynamic, and terms in product management are subject to the same forces. Meanings evolve, and this can lead to ambiguity. The MVP or minimum viable product is one such term. It has been popularized by Lean Startup for nearly a decade. Although Eric Ries, the founder of Lean Startup, did not invent the term MVP, I credit him for its adoption into the standard lexicon of product teams. Interestingly, during the early days of Lean Startup, the whole…[continue reading]
 



 Older posts 










  Recent Blog Posts 

3 Tests for Great Product Messaging
Jul 26, 2017


Developing a Lean Product Management Mindset – Part I
Jul 18, 2017


Three Things Salespeople Need from Product Managers
Jul 11, 2017


What is Lean Product Management
Jun 28, 2017


Five Tips for Product Managers to Get Executive Support
Jun 20, 2017


Who are Product Managers? Infographic
Jun 16, 2017


Why an MVP Needs to Be a Product and Not Just a Test
Jun 14, 2017


Two Questions Product Managers Should Ask Every Day
Jun 6, 2017


How to Prioritize Product Backlogs in Three Easy Steps
May 31, 2017


Women in Product Management Series: Sara Wood, VP Product at Gap Inc.
May 23, 2017


 Blog Categories 42 Rules (85)

Agile Product Management (13)

Career Advancement (19)

Infographics (7)

Lean Product Management (14)

Product Launch (6)

Product Management (136)

Product Marketing (62)

Product Roadmaps (5)

Product Strategy (4)

Roles and Responsibilities (3)

Survey (6)








Contact Us 
Sales
Support and FAQs
Work for Our Clients
Work for Us


 

Products


 Optimal Product Management and Product Marketing Training Course (and optional certification)

$ 1,995.00


 Certified Product Manager Self-Study Course and Exam

$ 1,395.00


 Product Management Office Professional

$ 399.00
 

About the 280 Group 
Team
Clients, Testimonials, Work Samples
Partners
Awards
Press Room
Blog


 







© 2003-2017 280 Group LLC. All Rights Reserved.  |  Privacy Policy  | Sitemap
 

Powered by WordPress. Designed by  




















 

















Tweets with replies by Scale Management (@ScaleManagement) | Twitter



















Skip to content









Home
Home
Home, current page.






Moments
Moments
Moments, current page.






Search query



Search Twitter









Saved searches


Remove














In this conversation



Verified accountProtected Tweets @











    Suggested users
  







Verified accountProtected Tweets @












Verified accountProtected Tweets @




















Language: English 



 



Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
English UK
Español
Filipino
Français
Hrvatski
Italiano
Magyar
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português
Română
Slovenčina
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
Ελληνικά
Български език
Русский
Српски
Українська мова
עִבְרִית
العربية
فارسی
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
ಕನ್ನಡ
ภาษาไทย
한국어
日本語
简体中文
繁體中文




 








Have an account?  Log in


   

Have an account?










Remember me

·
Forgot password?











New to Twitter?
Sign up
                











































      Scale ManagementProtected Tweets



@ScaleManagement












Tweets
Tweets, current page.
1,764
            



Followers
Followers
1,462



Likes
Likes
2,478

 
 
More 







Likes






Unmute @ScaleManagement

Mute @ScaleManagement



Follow


    Following
  

    Unfollow
  

    Blocked
  

    Unblock
  

    Pending
  

    Cancel
  






















Scale ManagementProtected Tweets



@ScaleManagement


We like to share fun & exciting news about our clients — this is the real estate we use to do just that. info@scalemanagement.co



            Los Angeles, CA

      



 
    scalemanagement.co
  




Joined November 2014
















This account's Tweets are protected.
Only confirmed followers have access to @ScaleManagement's Tweets and complete profile. Click the "Follow" button to send a follow request.












      New to Twitter?
    


    Sign up now to get your own personalized timeline!
  

Sign up




You may also like
    ·
    Refresh








false












© 2017 Twitter
About
Help Center
Terms
Privacy policy
Cookies
Ads info




















Close




            
            Choose a trend location
          






















Dismiss











Close







            Previous
          







            Next
          













Close



Go to a person's profile












Saved searches


Remove














In this conversation



Verified accountProtected Tweets @











    Suggested users
  







Verified accountProtected Tweets @












Verified accountProtected Tweets @


























Close



Promote this Tweet

















Close



Block






Cancel
Block












Add a location to your Tweets

        When you tweet with a location, Twitter stores that location. 
        You can switch location on/off before each Tweet and always have the option to delete your location history.
        Learn more


Turn location on
Not now


























Close



Share Location















Results from 



Send









Close



Your lists













Close



Create a new list




List name




Description

Under 100 characters, optional



Privacy



Public · Anyone can follow this list
      


Private · Only you can access this list
      




Save list











Close
























Close



Copy link to Tweet




Here's the URL for this Tweet. Copy it to easily share with friends.












Close



Embed this Tweet
Embed this Video



Add this Tweet to your website by copying the code below. Learn more
Add this video to your website by copying the code below. Learn more




Hmm, there was a problem reaching the server. Try again?






            Include parent Tweet
          




            Include media
          




By embedding Twitter content in your website or app, you are agreeing to the Twitter Developer Agreement and Developer Policy.
Preview












Close



Why you're seeing this ad
















Close



Log in to Twitter
















Remember me

·
Forgot password?












        Don't have an account? Sign up »









Close



Sign up for Twitter





Not on Twitter? Sign up, tune into the things you care about, and get updates as they happen.


Sign up




        Have an account? Log in »









Close



Two-way (sending and receiving) short codes:





Country
Code
For customers of




United States
40404
(any)


Canada
21212
(any)


United Kingdom
86444
Vodafone, Orange, 3, O2


Brazil
40404
Nextel, TIM


Haiti
40404
Digicel, Voila


Ireland
51210
Vodafone, O2


India
53000
Bharti Airtel, Videocon, Reliance


Indonesia
89887
AXIS, 3, Telkomsel, Indosat, XL Axiata


Italy
4880804
Wind


3424486444
Vodafone





        » See SMS short codes for other countries













Close



Confirmation



















Close



 
















Close














            Skip all
          




    Welcome home!
  
This timeline is where you’ll spend most of your time, getting instant updates about what matters to you.




    Tweets not working for you?
  

    Hover over the profile pic and click the Following button to unfollow any account.
  




    Say a lot with a little
  

    When you see a Tweet you love, tap the heart — it lets  the person who wrote it know you shared the love.
  




    Spread the word
  

    The fastest way to share someone else’s Tweet with your followers is with a Retweet. Tap the icon to send it instantly.
  




    Join the conversation
  

    Add your thoughts about any Tweet with a Reply. Find a topic you’re passionate about, and jump right in.
  




    Learn the latest
  

    Get instant insight into what people are talking about now.
  




    Get more of what you love
  

    Follow more accounts to get instant updates about topics you care about.
  




    Find what's happening
  

    See the latest conversations about any topic instantly.
  




    Never miss a Moment
  

    Catch up instantly on the best stories happening as they unfold.
  



Back
Next














Next Tweet from user






























SCALE Management





































 7080 HOLLYWOOD BLVD LOS ANGELES, CA 90028 | 323 452 5924





















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft

















The Product Management Maturity Scale | 280 Group Product Management




















































































 










Other MenusHOME
ABOUT

Team
Clients, Testimonials, and Work Samples
Partners
Awards
Press Room


CONTACT

Contact Sales
Contact Support
Work for Our Clients
Work for Us


BLOG
FREE STUFF
LINKEDIN
TWITTER
FACEBOOK
GOOGLE+
SHOPPING CART
 





Navigation



280 Group Product Management
Product Management Training & Consulting














Product Management Training & Consulting
Home > Product Management Blog > The Product Management Maturity Scale
 
The Product Management Maturity Scale 
Written by: Brian Lawley | Posted on: Mar 29, 2016  | Category: Product Management  0

Background
Here at the 280 Group we have worked with thousands of companies over the past eighteen years to help them Optimize Product Management and get the function to the next level. Throughout the course of our work we have noticed that there are three levels that companies typically fall into in terms of how effective and mature their Product Management function is. Thus we developed our Product Management Maturity Scale.
Levels of the Product Management Maturity Scale
The first level is Ad Hoc.
This tends to be startups, though there are many mid-size and even large companies that fall into this. In many cases companies that are at the Ad Hoc level don’t even have Product Management at all, or they may have hired someone with little or no experience to be a Product Manager.
In startups the founders tend to be the product visionaries and drive the early product feature set and roadmaps. This can work well, but the challenge is that founders often don’t have the business background or the experience of having actually launched a product and taken it through the full product lifecycle, so mistakes, sometimes fatal, may be made.
Ad Hoc Product Management is characterized by often requiring “Heroic” efforts to get products to market. Because there is little or no planning, process or role definition each new release of the product becomes a “One-off” where the wheel has to be re-invented. The team and company suffer from unnecessary stress and burnout, and the product often suffers and doesn’t succeed at the level that it could.

The next level is Partially Defined.
In companies where the Product Management function is partially defined there will be more structure in place, including somewhat of a process, role clarification and a reduction of the problems encountered in an Ad Hoc environment.
Product Managers in this environment tend to be highly tactical rather than strategic, and a few may have been trained to do the job, but most are learning as they go through trial and error or from a handful of others who are more experienced. Note: less than 2% of all Product Manager have ever gone through formal training to learn how to do their jobs effectively.
The company usually has somewhat of an idea of the importance of the role, yet there still may not be someone who is the strategic driver behind the products and the overall revenue and profitability may be much lower than it might be if the company had a strategic Product Management capability.

The Final Level is Optimized.
In companies with great Product Management, the people, processes and tools have all been optimized to work together holistically and effectively. The process and roles are clear and streamlined, and the executives and stakeholders who work with Product Managers understand the value they bring to the company.
Product Managers are fully trained on the entire Product LifeCycle, foundational skills, people and leadership skills and oftentimes have earned advanced certifications. They have the knowledge, environment and skill set to step up and become strategic product leaders. The result is that profitability and customer satisfaction are maximized and the company reaps dramatic benefits.
So where does your company fit in?
Are you Ad Hoc, Partially Defined or Optimized? The recent 280 Group Product Management Challenges Survey of over 850 Product Management Professionals showed that respondents believed that profits would increase 34% on average by fully optimizing Product Management at their company. Yet a large majority (>60%) indicated they have no plan to do the optimization.
If you are interested in getting your Product Management organization to the next level consider working with a firm like the 280 Group and taking advantage of their capabilities to help you do an overall assessment, build an optimization plan and then help roll it out within your company effectively. The benefits in terms of profits, customer satisfaction, increased productivity and reduced stress will be well worth it.
Download All Of Our Free Resources Here
Download Now
 Share225 Tweet Share91 +14 Email 

 Methodology, Optimal Product Process 


 Full Product Management Infographic
Agile Product Management Changes: How it Affects Your Day-to-Day Job 


No comments yet. 
What are your thoughts? We'd love to hear from you! Click here to cancel reply. 
Comment Name (required) 
Email (will not be published) (required) 
Website
 

 










  Recent Blog Posts 

3 Tests for Great Product Messaging
Jul 26, 2017


Developing a Lean Product Management Mindset – Part I
Jul 18, 2017


Three Things Salespeople Need from Product Managers
Jul 11, 2017


What is Lean Product Management
Jun 28, 2017


Five Tips for Product Managers to Get Executive Support
Jun 20, 2017


Who are Product Managers? Infographic
Jun 16, 2017


Why an MVP Needs to Be a Product and Not Just a Test
Jun 14, 2017


Two Questions Product Managers Should Ask Every Day
Jun 6, 2017


How to Prioritize Product Backlogs in Three Easy Steps
May 31, 2017


Women in Product Management Series: Sara Wood, VP Product at Gap Inc.
May 23, 2017


 Blog Categories 42 Rules (85)

Agile Product Management (13)

Career Advancement (19)

Infographics (7)

Lean Product Management (14)

Product Launch (6)

Product Management (136)

Product Marketing (62)

Product Roadmaps (5)

Product Strategy (4)

Roles and Responsibilities (3)

Survey (6)








Contact Us 
Sales
Support and FAQs
Work for Our Clients
Work for Us


 

Products


 Optimal Product Management and Product Marketing Training Course (and optional certification)

$ 1,995.00


 Certified Product Manager Self-Study Course and Exam

$ 1,395.00


 Product Management Office Professional

$ 399.00
 

About the 280 Group 
Team
Clients, Testimonials, Work Samples
Partners
Awards
Press Room
Blog


 







© 2003-2017 280 Group LLC. All Rights Reserved.  |  Privacy Policy  | Sitemap
 

Powered by WordPress. Designed by  




 Share225 Tweet Share91 +14 Email 

















 

 




Product and Solution Management – Scaled Agile Framework






























































 















					Knowledge for People Buildingthe World's Most Important Systems 
					

Looking for SAFe 4.0?


 
 
 
 




 























Home
Why SAFe? 

What is SAFe?
Why SAFe?
SAFe Principles, Values, Mindset

Principles
Core Values
Lean-Agile Mindset




SAFe Blog 

SAFe Blog
Scaled Agile Insider
Press Releases


Training & Certification 

Implementing SAFe (SPC)
Leading SAFe (SA)
SAFe Product Owner/Product Manager (POPM)
SAFe Release Train Engineer (RTE)
____________________________________________________________
SAFe for Teams (SP)
SAFe Scrum Master (SSM)
SAFe Advanced Scrum Master (SASM)
Video Training: Leading SAFe®
____________________________________________________________
Search Training Calendar
Which Course is Right for You?
Enterprise Solutions and Services
Become a SAFe Program Consultant Trainer (SPCT)


Community 

Member Login
SAFe Summit 2017
Join the SAFe Community
SAFe LinkedIn Group (Public)


Implementing 

Implementation Roadmap
Find an Implementation Partner
Consulting Services


Case Studies 

Read Case Studies
Submit Case Studies


Resources 

Glossary
Guidance Articles
Books on SAFe
Download Posters
Presentations & Videos
Permission FAQ


Partners 

Become a Partner
Partner Directory
Partner Program
Partner Portal


About 

About Us
Contributors
Contact















 

 
 






Decentralize decision-making
—SAFe Lean-Agile Principle #9



 
Product and Solution Management
The Product Management role has content authority for the Program Backlog. They are responsible for identifying customer needs, prioritizing features and developing the program Vision and Roadmap. In a similar manner, Solution Management has the content authority for the Solution Backlog. They work with Customers to understand their needs, create the Solution vision and Roadmap, define requirements, and guide work through the Solution Kanban.
Lean-Agile enterprises focus on delivering the right Solutions to customers with the highest quality in the shortest lead times. This requires people with clear content authority to take responsibility for continuously defining, prioritizing, and validating requirements. Working closely with development in short, integrated learning cycles, they bring the voice of the customer to the developers, and the voice of development to the customer.
In accordance with Principle 9 – Decentralized Decision-Making, SAFe prescribes a content authority chain that extends through three levels. Solution Management is responsible for guiding the solutions that constitute the Solution. Product Management is responsible for Program Vision and Backlog. And, finally, Product Owners make fast, local content decisions on behalf of the Agile Team.
This article describes the important roles that Product Managers and Solutions Managers play in SAFe. While the roles are similar in most respects, they operate at different levels of the solution and manage different concerns.
Details
Product Management and Solution Management are the main content authority for the Program and Solution Backlogs, respectively. They create the Vision and  work with Customers to understand their needs, define requirements, and guide work through the Solution and Program Kanbans. They prioritize work using WSJF, schedule Feature and Capabilities for Release using the Roadmap, validate customer response, and provide fast feedback.
A Lean-Agile Approach to Content Management
What SAFe describes as content has traditionally been represented by a Marketing Requirements Document (MRD), Product Requirements Document, and System and Software Requirements Specifications (SRS).
In waterfall development, these specifications were typically done up front, with an expectation that all the requirements could be established in advance of Solution development. However, it didn’t work out all that well that way, and the move to a Lean-Agile approach is driven in large part by that result.
We now understand that assumptions about requirements, design, and architecture all need to be validated through actual development, testing, and experimentation [1], and that teams must be open to emerging knowledge that can be quickly fed back into the solution. In SAFe, Continuous Exploration is the process used to continually explore market and user needs, and defining a Vision, Roadmap, and set of features and capabilities that address those needs.
As we see in Solution Intent, some of the requirements of the solution are likely to be well understood and fixed from the beginning, while others are variable and can only be understood during the development process. Managing this new approach is the primary responsibility of Product and Solution Management. In the Lean Enterprise, these responsibilities must be fulfilled in a far more Agile manner, as is illustrated in Table 1.




 Responsibility
Traditional 
Agile 


Understand customer need 
Up-front and discontinuous
Constant interaction with the Customer, who is part of the value stream. Other techniques include: customer visits, gemba walks, elicitation (e.g. such as interviews and surveys, brainstorming, trade studies, market research)


Document requirements 
Fully elaborated in documents; handed off
High-level vision; constant product and solution backlog refinement and informal face-to-face communication with Agile Teams


Schedule 
Created in hard-committed Roadmaps and Milestones at the beginning
Continuous near-term roadmapping


Prioritize requirements 
Not at all, or perhaps one-time only, often in requirements document form
Reprioritized at every PI boundary via WSJF; constant scope triage


Validate requirements 
Not applicable; QA responsibility
Primary role, involved with Iteration and PI System Demos; acceptance criteria included; fitness for purpose understood


Manage delivery schedule
Typically one time, fixed well in advance
Released frequently, whenever there is enough value


Manage change 
Change avoided—weekly change control meetings
Change embraced; adjusted at PI and Iteration boundaries




Table 1. Changes in Product and Solution Management behavior in a Lean-Agile enterprise
Responsibilities of Product Management
The following section describes the primary responsibilities of the Product Manager in the context of a single Agile Release Train. For larger (multiple-ART) Solution Trains, additional responsibilities are necessary. Those are described in later sections.

Understand Customer needs and validate solutions. Product Management is the internal voice of the Customer for the ART and works with Customers (as well as Product Owners) to constantly understand and communicate their needs and participate in validation of the proposed solutions.
Understand and support portfolio work. Every ART lives in the context of a portfolio, so Product Management has a responsibility to understand the Budget parameters for the upcoming fiscal period, understand how Strategic Themes influence the strategic direction, and work with Epic Owners to develop the business case for Epics that affect their ART.
Develop and communicate the program vision and roadmap. Product Management continuously develops and communicates the vision to the development teams and defines the Features of the system. In collaboration with System and Solution Architect/Engineering, they also define and maintain the Nonfunctional Requirements (NFRs), to help ensure that the solution meets relevant standards and other system quality requirements. They are responsible for the roadmap, which illustrates, at a high level, how features are intended to be implemented over time.
Manage and prioritize the flow of work. Product Management manages the flow of work though the program Kanban and into the program backlog. Product Management is responsible for making sure that there are enough ready features in the backlog at all times. To be ready, they develop feature acceptance criteria that can be used to establish that the feature meets its Definition of Done (DoD). And since judicious selection and sequencing of features is the key economic driver for each ART, the backlog is reprioritized with WSJF prior to each PI Planning session.
Participate in PI planning. During each PI planning session, Product Management presents the vision, which highlights the proposed features of the solution, along with any relevant upcoming Milestones. They also typically participate as Business Owners for the train, with the responsibility of approving PI Objectives and establishing business value.
Define releases and Program Increments. Owning the ‘what’ means that Product Management is largely responsible for release definition as well, including new features, architecture, and allocations for technical debt. This is accomplished through a series of Program Increments and releases, whose definition and business objectives are also determined by Product Management. Product Management works with Release Management, where applicable, to decide when enough value has been accrued to warrant a release to the Customer.
Work with System Architect/Engineering to understand Enabler work. While Product Management is not expected to drive technological decisions, they are expected to understand the scope of the upcoming Enabler work and to work with System and Solution Architect/Engineering to assist with decision-making and sequencing of the key technological infrastructures that will host the new business functionality. This can often best be accomplished by establishing a capacity allocation, as described in Program Backlog.
Participate in demos and Inspect and Adapt. Product Management is an active participant in biweekly System Demos, including the aggregate one at the end of the PI. They are also involved in assessment of Metrics, including evaluation of business value achieved versus plan, and are active participants in the Inspect and Adapt workshop.
Build an effective Product Manager/Product Owner team. Though the Product Owner and Product Management roles may report to different organizations, forming an effective extended Product Management/Product Owner team is the key to efficient and effective development. Such a team also contributes materially to the job satisfaction that comes with being part of a high-performing team, one that routinely delivers on its quality and vision commitments.

Product Management’s Participation in Large Value Streams
The above section highlights the role of Product Management in the context of the ART. For teams building large solutions that require multiple ARTs, Product Management has additional responsibilities:

Collaborate with Solution Management. At the large solution level, Solution Management plays a similar role, but with a focus on the capabilities of the larger solution. But building an effective solution is no more effective than the collaboration between the two roles. This collaboration involves participation in solution backlog refinement and prioritization, as well as splitting Capabilities into features, and NFRs, as the case may be.
Participate in Pre- and Post-PI Planning. Product Management also participates in the Pre-PI Planning meeting, working with the value stream stakeholders to define the inputs, milestones, and high-level objectives for the upcoming PI planning session. In the Post-PI Planning session, Product Management helps synthesize findings into an agreed-to set of solution PI objectives.
Participate in the Solution Demo. Product Management participates in the Solution Demo, often demonstrating the capabilities that their ART has contributed and reviewing the contributions of the other ARTs, always with a systems view, and always with an eye toward fitness of purpose.
Collaborate with Release Management. In larger-scale systems, Release Management also plays a significant role. Product Management works with the key stakeholders on progress, budget, release strategy, and releasability of their elements of the solution.

Responsibilities of Solution Management
Solution Management plays much the same role that Product Management plays, but at the large solution level. There, Solution Management is part of a critical trio—Solution Management, Solution Train Engineer, and Solution Architect/Engineering—that shares much of the responsibility for solution success. Solution Management is responsible for the solution intent, which captures and documents fixed and variable solution level behaviors. They also work with Release Management where applicable.
Responsibilities include working with portfolio stakeholders, Customers, ARTs  and Solution Trains to understand needs and build and prioritize the solution backlog. They have similar vision, roadmap, solution Kanban, and solution demo activities as well.
Solution Management plays a crucial role in pre- and post-PI planning, as well as Large Solution-level inspect and adapt workshops. They also work with Suppliers, making sure the requirements for supplier-delivered capabilities are understood and assisting with the conceptual integration of these concerns.

Learn More
[1] Ries, Eric. The Lean Startup: How Today’s Entrepreneurs Use Continuous Innovation to Create Radically Successful Businesses. Crown Business, 2011.
[2] Leffingwell, Dean. Agile Software Requirements: Lean Requirements Practices for Teams, Programs, and the Enterprise. Addison-Wesley, 2011.
Last update: 17 June, 2017
  

 The information on this page is © 2010-2017 Scaled Agile, Inc. and is protected by US and International copyright laws. Neither images nor text can be copied from this site without the express written permission of the copyright holder. Scaled Agile Framework and SAFe are registered trademarks of Scaled Agile, Inc. Please visit Permissions FAQs and contact us for permissions.



 
  

 





 
























Scale Management LLC: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback
























scale management llc
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: Financials
Industry: Asset Management
Sub-Industry: Investment Companies
Scale Management, LLC operates as an investment firm. The Company invests in technology sector, as well as offers financial planning and portfolio management services.




Corporate Information
Address:

7080 Hollywood Blvd
Los Angeles, CA 90028
United States


Phone:
1-323-452-5924


Fax:
-


Web url:
www.scalemanagement.co





Board Members




Member
Company


Stacey Bishop
Scale Venture Partners


























From The Web











Key Executives


Mary Shannon McLaughlin-Denten


Chief Financial Officer







Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data








































WEM Automation LLC - Asphalt Process Control - Truck Scale Management







Home|About WEM|Parts & Service|News









Contact|Customers|Partners|
Automation Financing Option




asphaltfeed & grain






ASPHALT PROCESS CONTROL
4000 Pro Series



Batch Plant Control
Business Intelligence Server
Business Systems Integration
Cold Feed Control
Complete Control Houses
Drum Plant Control
Full Plant Automation
JWS Interface/Integration Software
Remote Printer System
Silo Loadout Control
Truck Scale Management
Camera Integration
Asphalt Testimonials






Testimonials



WEM4000 Pro Series
Truck Scale Management

Precise Management of Production and Inventory
Easy to Operate
Superior Data Integration

The WEM4000 Pro Series Truck Scale Management System provides the tools needed to efficiently manage inbound and outbound ticketing.
Whether shipping, receiving, or manually creating tickets, the WEM4000 Pro Series system provides control of material and traffic maximizing throughput.
Multiple ticket formats, customizable reports, and many other features provide the flexibility needed to keep trucks moving.
Remote ticketing, camera integration and many other hardware options provide complete operational management.
Communications to your business management system is a breeze with built-in data transfer utilities included with every system.
The WEM4000 Pro Series Truck Scale Management System is a PC based system with standard off-the-shelf parts providing maximum uptime and productivity. 




OPTIONS:

Camera Integration
Business Systems Integration
Business Intelligence Server
JWS Command Partnership
Silo Loadout Automation
Batch Plant Automation
Drum Plant Automation








2501 South Moorland Road  |  Box 510767  |  New Berlin WI  53151-0767  |  262.782.2340











E-PLUM™ Scale Integration - ECRS







































800.211.1172

















Products
Request Information 
 


 Centralized POS

Point of Sale
Self-Checkout
Mobile POS
Accelerated Checkout (R)
Click & Collect 2.0
Secure Payment Processing


Inventory & Supply Chain

Perpetual Inventory
Mobile Inventory
Supply Chain Integration
Multistore & Warehouse
Mobile Label Printing
Labels and Signage


Efficiency Builders

Fuel Pump
NPLEx™ PSE Tracking
Payroll Deduct
Pharmacy System Integration
Scale Management
Kitchen/Deli Ticket Printing
E-PLUM™ Scale Integration
Third-Party Gift Cards


Centralized Enterprise Management

Briefcase™ – OLAP Cube
Visual Business Intelligence
Enterprise Reporting & Analytics
General Ledger Integration
Universal Product Database


Retail System Hardware

digital® Enterprise Controller
digital® Store Controller
digital® VPN Concentrator
Freedom Panel
Fujitsu™ TeamPOS™
Inventory HHT Devices
Mobile POS
Secure OneTouch™
Self-Service / Kiosks
Point of Sale System Peripherals
Tellermate Cash Counter


Consumer Engagement

Self-Hosted Loyalty & Rewards
Customer Display Advertising
Self-Hosted Gift Card
Membership Management


 

E-PLUM™ Scale Integration


Many Catapult® users have vibrant deli operations within their store locations. The fact is, deli is becoming one of the most important ingredients for the profitability and increased customer traffic at grocery, natural products, and even convenience store locations. Several factors are driving the importance of deli among today’s consumers. More than ever, busy consumers are seeking more prepared foods when grocery shopping. In the age of high definition TV, and the enhanced home theater experience, many consumers are choosing to stay home for entertainment and selecting pre-prepared meals as their dining preference. Studies show that consumers are spending less on going out-to-eat. While many may visit the local fast food place, they’re less likely to go to a fine dining restaurant.
“When the 2,496 adults that were surveyed were asked if they have eaten more or less frequently at several types of restaurants over the last six months, “less frequently” considerably outweighed the “more frequently” responses.  Though they are spending less time out at restaurants, consumers still seem to get their fast food fix, with 64% of respondents reporting a visit to a fast food restaurant chain the last six months.  Only 18% have visited a fine dining restaurant chain.” – www.franchwire.com/franchise-growth
Further, today’s consumers are becoming more health conscious and are less likely to trust the food found in many dining restaurants, which is often designed to maximize taste at the least amount of cost, which normally equates to higher fats, salts and highly choleric dishes. Catapult retailers, many of which are health and nutrition stores, are positioned to take advantage of this shift in consumer preferences.
The growth and importance of the deli is not new information to our current user base. Many of these customers currently have a very active deli. Many are so busy, during peak hours, such as lunchtime, they have a Catapult POS terminal installed in the deli area to process the rush of customers. Catapult integrates directly with Invatron’s E-PLUM™ Enterprise Scale Manager.

 
E-PLUM allows Catapult to interface with the fresh food/deli scales without the burden of maintaining deli information separate from the item.
E-PLUM™ Integration Features

The Catapult/E-PLUM integration provides streamlined fresh food/deli price management. Price changes can be made in Catapult and sent to all scales in the enterprise – no more double entry.
Nutritional content management and label printing through the use of PLUM software and Catapult Web Office. Ingredient and nutrition information can be entered directly in Catapult Web Office® with the convenience of browser-based access.
Audit trail for E-PLUM communication for faster and more reliable diagnosis of problems
Scale choice flexibility – Here is a list of current Invatron-supported scales.





















