



Biogen chief George Scangos to step down - The Boston Globe





Biogen chief George Scangos to step down - The Boston Globe

















































 


























SubscribeStarting at 99 cents
					

						MembersSign In




SUBSCRIBE NOW Get unlimited access to Globe.com today


Menu




SubscribeStarting at 99 cents
					

						MembersSign In




Business & Tech







Digital Access
99 cents a week for the first 4 weeks
Subscribe
Subscribe



Home Delivery
Save 50% off the regular rate
Subscribe
Subscribe

Already a subscriber? Members Sign In




  









As Biogen CEO steps down, analysts see challenges ahead









E-Mail

Share via e-mail




To



Add a message



Your e-mail







Facebook


Twitter


Google+


LinkedIn




 Comments



Print



The Boston Globe

Tweet

Share












Globe file 2013
George Scangos.



By Robert Weisman
	Globe Staff 
	July 21, 2016







The next chief executive of Biogen Inc. will inherit a company that is financially sound and a powerhouse in multiple sclerosis drugs. But the new leader will also be challenged by waning sales growth and limited near-term prospects for new blockbuster products.
That was the view of analysts after the Cambridge company said Thursday that CEO George A. Scangos will step down in the coming months. Scangos, 68, is credited with leading a turnaround in the six years since he took the top job at the largest Masssachusetts biotech company.
Advertisement

 

Scangos said more than once over the past year that he had no plans to retire. In an interview, he said his decision grew out of discussions with the company’s board that “got concrete relatively recently.”“The board thinks it’s a good time for a transition,” Scangos said. “I agree.”



      Get Talking Points in your inbox:
    

        An afternoon recap of the day’s most important business news, delivered weekdays.






Sign Up





    Thank you for signing up!
    Sign up for more newsletters here


Biogen has recently installed new senior research, commercial, and technical operations executives as it prepares for a transition to a new era. Scangos will stay until Biogen names a successor, a process that could take four to nine months.
“George is leaving the company in good health,” said Eric Schmidt, a biotech analyst at investment bank Cowen & Co. “But this company, which wants to be a leader in treatments for neurodegenerative diseases, has a lot of wood to chop to strengthen the pipeline.”Many on Wall Street say Biogen needs to be more aggressive in buying smaller biotechs with drugs that can revive its growth prospects in the next five years, as it presses forward with developing high-risk therapies for Alzheimer’s, spinal muscular atrophy, and other neurodegenerative diseases for which there are now few, if any, effective treatments.

Advertisement



 
“The company is going to have to deploy capital to acquire the next wave of great drugs coming in the next few years,” said Michael Yee, analyst for the investment bank RBC Capital Markets. If it doesn’t, analysts warned, Biogen could become a takeover target itself.Biogen announced Scangos’s planned departure along with second-quarter quarter financial results that showed revenue increasing 12 percent and earnings 22 percent from a year earlier. The company also said it would buy back up to $5 billion of its common stock over the next three years.Shares of Biogen climbed 7.6 percent Thursday to $282.48.In the interview, Scangos said he hasn’t had time to consider his plans but has no intention of retiring. He said he’ll move to the San Francisco Bay Area, where his children and grandchildren live, but will remain active in biotechnology and won’t rule out running another company.“I’m not ready to sit on a porch with a mint julep, or whatever people drink,” Scangos said.He will also remain chairman of the Pharmaceutical Research and Manufacturers of America, a national trade organization for the drug industry. But he’ll leave that position when he leaves Biogen because the group requires that its chairman be the head of a drug company.A veteran biopharma executive who previously led Exelixis Inc. in South San Francisco, Calif., Scangos, a native of Lynn, was named chief executive of Biogen’s predecessor company, Biogen Idec Inc., in June 2010. The company’s board, which had added activist directors upset with what they saw as an unfocused approach to research and development, had asked his predecessor, James Mullen, to resign, raising questions about the company’s future.













Scangos moved quickly to restructure Biogen, divest its Idec cancer-drug division, refocus its research on neurology and hematology, and move its headquarters back to Kendall Square from suburban Weston. He also presided over the rollout of a half-dozen new drugs, including the multiple sclerosis pill Tecfidera, one of three MS medicines in its portfolio that each generate more than $1 billion a year in sales.Last October, Scangos unveiled a restructuring plan to cut about 880 jobs, including 400 in Massachusetts, in recognition of Biogen’s slowing sales growth. And in May, he disclosed plans to spin off its hemophilia drug franchise, which sells two drugs to treat the bleeding disorder, as a separate publicly traded company.
Biogen’s earnings more than tripled and its revenue more than doubled during Scangos’s tenure, partly through product introductions and partly through price increases for existing drugs. Its stock price has surged more than 425 percent, compared with a rise of about 260 percent by the Nasdaq Biotechnology Index. though it is down more than 27 percent from a year ago. The company is now among the most valuable biotech companies in the United States, with a market capialization of $57.5 billion. Biogen has the second-highest market value in Massachusetts, after lab supplies giant Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc. of Waltham.
“George joined Biogen at a very challenging time,” Biogen chairman Stelios Papadopoulos said in a company statement. “He reorganized operations and he oversaw the enrichment of our product pipeline and the launch of several products.”Biogen’s growth over the next five years is projected to be slower than most biotech firms, said Max Jacobs, an analyst at Edison Investment Research. “Their franchise is very focused on MS, most of their products are old, and they need something with near-term potential to buttress them, but it’s not clear what that is.”Ali Fattaey, chief executive of Lexington biotech company Curis Inc., who has known Scangos since they both worked in California, said he has mentored and inspired executives on both sides of the country. “He’s a man who can create drugs for patients and focus an organization,” Fattaey said. “I learned from him in that regard, and that’s part of his contribution to the field.”Reflecting on his time as chief executive, Scangos said, “I feel really good about my six years here. I’m proud of the company. We introduced six new drugs. I think I’ve had an impact on the culture here, and the way people work. . . . There’s a lot of mixed emotions for me. I love this company, I love the people. But it’s time to move on.”Robert Weisman can be reached at robert.weisman@globe.com. Follow him on Twitter @GlobeRobW.












Real journalists. Real journalism. 
Subscribe to The Boston Globe today.





















					One free article left.  Subscribe now →


					You have one free article left.  Get UNLIMITED access for only 99¢ per week.  Subscribe now →













					Last free article.  Subscribe now →


					This is your last free article.  Get UNLIMITED access for only 99¢ per week.  Subscribe now →











					We hope you've enjoyed your free articles.
				

					Continue reading by subscribing to Globe.com for just 99¢.
				

Subscribe Now Already a member? Log in Home








Wake up with today’s top stories
Get Today’s Headlines every morning and breaking news as it unfolds.
Connect with Facebook
or


Sign up & return to story
Please enter a valid email

Subscriber Log in | Privacy Policy
Close










Thanks for signing up
Browse our full list of free Globe newsletters

Return to your story
Close







 


Subscriber Log In
We hope you've enjoyed your 5 free articles'
Continue reading by subscribing to BostonGlobe.com for just 99¢.
Continue reading by subscribing to Globe.com for just $.99¢



Stay informed with unlimited access to Boston’s trusted news source.

High-quality journalism from the region’s largest newsroom
Convenient access across all of your devices
Today’s Headlines daily newsletter
Subscriber-only access to exclusive offers, events, contests, eBooks, and more
Less than 25¢ a week

 




 
 







GET FULL ACCESS NOW
GET FULL ACCESS NOW


 






 










































Biogen’s CEO Is Out After Management Changes, Stalled Sales - Bloomberg
























































  






The archived article you requested, Biogen’s CEO Is Out After Management Changes, Stalled Sales is only available for Bloomberg Professional Service subscribers.

Read this article on the Terminal
Request a demo to learn more

If you believe that you may have received this message in error please let us know.












You might like:


Americans Are Quickly Losing Street Cred Abroad


Elon Musk Claims U.S. Approval for World’s Longest Tunnel


Why You Should Never Eat Food on Planes, and Other Jet-Set Tips


The Battle for the Moon Begins


The Man Who Got Americans to Eat Trash Fish Is Now a Billionaire



















  	George Scangos, the Boy From Working Class Boston, on His Road Back to Lead Biogen Idec | Xconomy	


































































































 




EXOME
all the information, none of the junk | biotech • healthcare • life sciences









Want EXOME sent to you daily?








Meet the Contributors →
















            George Scangos, the Boy From Working Class Boston, on His Road Back to Lead Biogen Idec  			




 







Luke Timmerman

			August 31st, 2011		



@xconomy @xconomyLike Us


 (Page 2 of 4) 
 him to take another class in genetics, which he found similarly fascinating. So that was the end of French—Scangos was hooked on biology, specializing in courses that concentrated on the neurological basis of behavior: things like fight vs. flight response.
To be at Cornell in the mid-60s meant that Scangos was exposed to some serious, and occasionally violent, Vietnam War protests. He was sympathetic with the anti-war protests, civil rights movement, and other challenges to the Establishment. Scangos says he didn’t have much direction then, and just tried to have a good time, but he also says he became a lot more socially aware.
“A lot has been written about the boomers, about their unwillingness to accept the status quo. The status quo was not good. It was not a country where it was equal for everybody, and not everybody had a voice,” Scangos says. “To some extent, it’s still not, although it’s way better than it was. I fit in well with a sense of iconoclasm, and wanting to do things a bit differently.”
Around the time when he was due to graduate in 1970, his student deferment from the draft was about to expire. He and a couple dozen friends huddled around a radio and listening in suspense as draft cards were drawn based on birthdays.
He drew a favorable number, which meant he had gotten lucky, and wasn’t going to be shipped off to Southeast Asia.
“That was a big night. Everybody went out and got drunk,” Scangos says. “You either were happy you weren’t going, or you were drinking because you were. That was a dramatic time.”
After graduating from Cornell, Scangos didn’t know what to do next. He took an entry-level job as a lab technician at MIT, stayed about a year, and got bored. The next challenge was as a sales rep for a lab supply company, which gave him access to some of the top labs at Harvard and MIT, and plenty of other labs in New England. The science at those top institutions fascinated him, even it was over his head at the time.
And he soon realized sales wasn’t for him. “After about a year, I really came to the conclusion that I didn’t care whose product these people bought. Our products worked, a competitor’s product worked. My life, I thought, was being wasted on spending all my time working on things that didn’t matter,” Scangos says.
So he got serious about learning biology, and that meant graduate school. He had good grades from Cornell, but the epiphany hit him in August 1972, long after most fall classes were fully enrolled. Still, he felt so strongly about this new direction that he got in his car with a copy of his undergraduate transcript and drove to UMass Amherst. It was a school he thought he could afford, and where he thought he could get started in microbiology. He figured he’d probably transfer somewhere else after a year.
That all seemed reasonable until Scangos ran into secretary who told him he was basically nuts trying to get in that late. Like when he was able to miss the draft, Scangos got another good break. This time, Scangos says, the department chair overhead the conversation and called him into his office. Scangos says he pleaded his case, telling the professor he had good grades and strong recommendations and would be a terrific student. The department chair listened, then told him that a student had just dropped out, creating a vacancy. If Scangos follow up with proof of recommendations, and an official transcript, he could be admitted as a provisional student for one semester, with a chance for permanent enrollment if he did well.
That was all it took. Scangos had never taken a microbiology course at that point, but he threw himself into the subject and did “incredibly well” that first semester. When Scangos found some of the lab work mundane, he asked for more challenging assignments from his thesis advisor, Albey Reiner, a Harvard-trained biologist. The work he was given was challenging enough that Scangos never felt the need to transfer. He got his doctorate in 1977, as genetic engineering was picking up.
After getting his Ph.D., Scangos set off for postdoctoral work in the lab of renowned geneticist Frank Ruddle at Yale University. Scangos’ claim to fame as a young postdoc was when he and another of Ruddle’s charges, Jon Gordon, created the first mouse with foreign DNA that could be passed on to offspring—a transgenic mouse. This was an historic advance, which made the front page   … Next Page »
Single Page Currently on Page: 1 2 3 4
previous page 




Share on Facebook



Share on Twitter



LinkedIn



Email


Reprints



More from EXOME




 
Biogen’s Scangos on Pricing, Deals, Hemophilia, Alzheimer’s & More




Trending on Xconomy
Rapid7 Buys Jen Andre’s Startup, Komand, to Automate Security Tasks
Cord Cutting: How to Get High-Speed Internet Service Without Cable
Bevi Slurps $16.5M to Bring “Smart Water Cooler” to More Offices
















By posting a comment, you agree to our terms and conditions.






Bill Ghormley



George Scangos’ story is a powerful life story that tells so much about technology, business and the culture that surrounds life science endeavors in our time — well-written, and, it seems still being written.
Thank you, Luke, and George.






jOHN rOZAKLIS



i Hold a sales & Marketing position with Arista power corp.
I Was born in Greece. Every time i read a story like mr Scangos, i
am very proud & happy to be greek.
Thank you Mr Scangos, for the enxample ,that a good education & vision , works.
I , father of 3 , two of them with Phds, i am very proud.
My best regards. John Rozaklis






Tom



We the Greeks of diaspora are all proud of the achievements of fellow Greeks such as Mr. Scangos. His story is a lesson to all young people…they should never hesitate to learn different things at a young age because they never know what will turn on their “lightbulb”. And if something was taught by a lousy teacher, take it one more time with a more passionate one.




Pingback: The Big Guys Have Lost Their Iron Grip, and It’s All Good | Xconomy()





ayasha



may you tell me more











 




Underwriters and Partners



















Xpertise: Watch + Learn







From Our Editors · Podcast

Xconomy Voices 01: Mary Lou Jepsen

Mary Lou Jepsen is a fearsome samurai when it comes to the design and manufacturing of electronics.








Xconomy Insight · Special Report

Starting a Biotech Company: What Every Entrepreneur Needs to Know

Success or failure depends on you. Get advice from the experts to help your startup succeed





From Our Advertisers








WI Startups See Growth in Investment Levels in 2016

137 companies raise more than $276 million in 2016
Wisconsin Economic Development Corporation













The Feed
Tweets from https://twitter.com/Xconomy/lists/lifesci 










 



Home
Privacy/DMCA
Security Disclosures
About
Contact Us
Archives
Advertise
Subscribe for Free



	Business, life sciences, and technology news — covering Boston, Seattle, San Diego, Detroit/Ann Arbor, San Francisco, New York, Raleigh-Durham, Boulder/Denver, Texas, Wisconsin, Indiana, and beyond.
	
© 2007-2017, Xconomy, Inc.
		Xconomy is a registered service mark of Xconomy, Inc.
		All rights reserved.
	

	  Website development support from Andrew Koyfman with design support from Rob Hunter.
  

































Biogen CEO George Scangos: the Greek American boy from working-class Boston who’s made good - The Next Generation Initiative






















































The Next Generation Initiative
Connecting students and young professionals with mentors, leaders and career resources  MAKE THE CONNECTION 

You are here: Home / Launchpad / Biogen CEO George Scangos: the Greek American boy from working-class Boston who’s made goodBiogen CEO George Scangos: the Greek American boy from working-class Boston who’s made good
October 14, 2015 by   George Scangos, CEO of Biogen
This week, George Scangos was named as one of the world’s ten best performing CEOs by Harvard Business Review. In January, the company he leads, Biogen Idec, was ranked as the #1 most sustainable company in the world, beating out 4,600 companies with a market cap of over $2 billion. He first made news as a young postdoc, attracting notice as the co-creator of a transgenic mouse. Today he spends much of his time in an office about 10 miles from the working class Greek neighborhood in Lynn, MA, where he grew up. You could say he’s come a long way in those 10 miles.
The kid who didn’t speak English until he went to elementary school, and who didn’t get serious about biology until his mid-20s, is now leading New England’s largest independent biotech company.
“I’ve spent a lot of time here. It feels like home, in a lot of ways,” says Scangos, 67, during this in-depth interview with xconomy.com at his office in Kendall Square in Cambridge, MA.
Scangos’s path to the top job of one of Massachusetts’ leading companies began in a lower-middle-class section of Lynn, where his paternal grandparents had immigrated from Greece and had settled down with what became a family of 10 kids. There were about 30 cousins nearby, some of whom still live in Massachusetts, Scangos says. His father was an accountant at what later became Exxon, while his mother stayed at home to care for George and one younger daughter.
The family spoke Greek in the home, and young George never learned English until it was time to go off to school. 
Scangos moved with his parents to Connecticut when he was in elementary school, and attended public schools there until it was time for college. He says he didn’t work very hard at academics, other than French class.
“You know how at the back of your high school yearbook where it lists people who were the best at various things?” Scangos says. “I had two of those. One was in typing, which has turned out to probably be the most useful skill I learned in high school. The other was in French. I won the award for the best French student in the state.”
He went on to win scholarships to attend Cornell University. He thought about majoring in French, and only took science classes to fulfill graduation requirements. Even then, he was initially planning to take physics, until a classmate urged him to try biology, because it was easier.
“I hated bio in high school, didn’t have a good teacher,” Scangos says. “I had to be talked into it.”
Freshman biology at Cornell, as taught by the professor and textbook author William Keeton, was “unbelievably good,” Scangos says. It was interesting enough for him to take another class in genetics, which he found similarly fascinating.
So that was the end of French—Scangos was hooked on biology, specializing in courses that concentrated on the neurological basis of behavior: things like fight vs. flight response.
To be at Cornell in the mid-60s meant that Scangos was exposed to some serious, and occasionally violent, Vietnam War protests. He was sympathetic with the anti-war protests, civil rights movement, and other challenges to the Establishment. Scangos says he didn’t have much direction then, and just tried to have a good time, but he also says he became a lot more socially aware.
“A lot has been written about the boomers, about their unwillingness to accept the status quo. The status quo was not good. It was not a country where it was equal for everybody, and not everybody had a voice,” Scangos says. “To some extent, it’s still not, although it’s way better than it was. I fit in well with a sense of iconoclasm, and wanting to do things a bit differently.”
After graduating from Cornell, Scangos didn’t know what to do next. 
He took an entry-level job as a lab technician at MIT, stayed about a year, and got bored. The next challenge was as a sales rep for a lab supply company, which gave him access to some of the top labs at Harvard and MIT, and plenty of other labs in New England. The science at those top institutions fascinated him, even it was over his head at the time.
And he soon realized sales wasn’t for him. “After about a year, I really came to the conclusion that I didn’t care whose product these people bought. Our products worked, a competitor’s product worked. My life, I thought, was being wasted on spending all my time working on things that didn’t matter,” Scangos says.
So he got serious about learning biology, and that meant graduate school. 
He had good grades from Cornell, but the epiphany hit him in August 1972, long after most fall classes were fully enrolled. Still, he felt so strongly about this new direction that he got in his car with a copy of his undergraduate transcript and drove to UMass Amherst. It was a school he thought he could afford, and where he thought he could get started in microbiology. He figured he’d probably transfer somewhere else after a year.
That all seemed reasonable until Scangos ran into a secretary who told him he was basically nuts trying to get in that late. The department chair happened to overhear the conversation and called him into his office. Scangos says he pleaded his case, telling the professor he had good grades and strong recommendations and would be a terrific student. The department chair listened, then told him that a student had just dropped out, creating a vacancy. If Scangos follow up with proof of recommendations, and an official transcript, he could be admitted as a provisional student for one semester, with a chance for permanent enrollment if he did well.
That was all it took. Scangos had never taken a microbiology course at that point, but he threw himself into the subject and did “incredibly well” that first semester. 
When Scangos found some of the lab work mundane, he asked for more challenging assignments from his thesis advisor, Albey Reiner, a Harvard-trained biologist. The work he was given was challenging enough that Scangos never felt the need to transfer. He got his doctorate in 1977, as genetic engineering was picking up.
After getting his Ph.D., Scangos set off for postdoctoral work in the lab of renowned geneticist Frank Ruddle at Yale University. Scangos’ claim to fame as a young postdoc was when he and another of Ruddle’s charges, Jon Gordon, created the first mouse with foreign DNA that could be passed on to offspring—a transgenic mouse. This was an historic advance, which made the front page of the New York Times, and the major newsmagazines.
Scangos was in Baltimore when the Times’ story broke, interviewing for a faculty job at Johns Hopkins University. Ruddle was in Europe. “I got a call from Frank, and he said ‘you better get back to New Haven, there’s going to be a big press conference.’ I had no media training, what did I know as a postdoc? But I got on a train to back to New Haven, there were 30-40 reporters asking questions.”
Gordon got most of the credit for the advance, but it didn’t hold back Scangos’ academic career. He took a faculty job in biology in 1980 at Johns Hopkins, where he stayed full time for six years.
The biotech business was gaining momentum in the early to mid-80s, but Scangos was only dimly aware of it. As proof, he says he and Gordon didn’t file any intellectual property claims on the transgenic mouse work.
The lure of biotech finally got to Scangos in 1986. His old mentor, Ruddle, was part of a team starting a company originally called Molecular Diagnostics in New Haven, with financial backing from Bayer.
Scangos took a yearlong sabbatical from Hopkins to join them. “I had a safety net. I could try it, and if it was awful, I could say thank you very much and go back” to Hopkins, Scangos says.
Once he re-settled in at New Haven, with people he knew from his earlier days in the Ruddle lab, he was hooked. “It was so much fun. The science was really good. We did very high-level science. I thought it was compelling to try to develop drugs not just for the knowledge, but to use it for a practical purpose,” Scangos says.
So he stayed, resigning his faculty position. Colleagues in academia, predictably, weren’t pleased. But Scangos didn’t look back.
Within three years, by 1989, he was tapped for bigger things, invited to come get some international experience at Bayer headquarters in Germany. The goal for Bayer was to have Scangos help modernize its labs there, while also offering him some valuable management experience.
By this time, Scangos and his wife had two young daughters, and his wife was finishing her doctorate and embarking on her own career. So there were factors to consider besides his own advancement. Scangos remembers discussing the move after the kids went to bed, only to be peppered with a bunch of questions by his 9-year-old who knew something was up. Scangos says his daughter wanted to know how long they’d stay (2 years, he promised); whether the schools were good (yes); whether they’d come back to New Haven (yes); and whether they’d move back into their old house (yes). Family approval was secured.
Two years later, as promised, Scangos was back in the U.S. taking on increasingly bigger roles in Bayer R&D. By the mid ’90s, Bayer was increasing its bets on biotech, and the place to be was Berkeley, CA. Scangos’ older daughter was entering high school, and his younger daughter was entering junior high. They extracted a promise: if they moved to California, no more moves until after they graduated. Scangos agreed.
A couple years later, the Human Genome Project was starting to rev up, huge amounts of information was transforming biology, and Scangos says he didn’t think pharma companies were in position to take advantage of it. Once again, the action was in academia and biotech. In 1996, he was wooed to lead a Cambridge, MA-based startup called Exelixis that was seeking to industrialize genetic research, by knocking out genes in fruit flies to see what effect that had on disease processes. The thought then was that this would provide valuable information for drug development.
Scangos loved the concept, but didn’t like the fact that Exelixis was in Cambridge: he had promised his daughters he wouldn’t leave California so soon.
He declined the move, but the board wanted him so badly that Exelixis moved to California—almost all of its 24 employees, anyway—to set up shop with Scangos at the helm there.
It was at Exelixis that Scangos cut his teeth as a biotech CEO, raising money, recruiting talent, and switching strategy when it became clear that selling information wasn’t as good a business as developing drugs. Over the next 14 years, Scangos oversaw the building of a broad and deep pipeline of new cancer drugs, and struck a number of Big Pharma partnerships.
Scangos initially says he wasn’t interested when a recruiter called him to gauge his interest in being CEO of a large independent biotech company in Boston. But the recruiter persisted, saying the board really wanted to meet Scangos.
Scangos ultimately warmed up to the board’s pitch. After all, few biotech companies ever get to Biogen’s position, with thousands of employees, a multi-billion-dollar valuation, several drugs on the market, lots of infrastructure for science and manufacturing, loads of cash in the bank, and a long history of profits. And the kids were out of the house, so that was no longer an issue. “It’s such a unique company, and a unique opportunity, I figured I’d be crazy not to take it,” Scangos says.
The story of Biogen’s renaissance since Scangos took over in mid-2010 has been well-told. He made a big round of cuts in his first few months, recruited a couple of well-respected former CEOs to his senior management team, and decided to move Biogen’s headquarters from the suburbs back to Cambridge next to the company’s scientific core and where it had been until just before he took over.
Those moves reflect a philosophy that Scangos has been forming on his journey. He’s been around long enough to know that drug development is a major gamble, despite all the advances in our understanding of biology. One minute you might be the hero, while the next minute people will be calling for your head. To hear him talk about how he approaches decisions, he sounds pretty humble.
He quoted another former mentor of his from Bayer.
“Horst Mayer once told me ‘as you rise up in management, you know less and less about more and more. Then you become the CEO, and you know nothing about everything,’” Scangos says. “What he meant by that is you have to recognize the limits of your own knowledge.” 
That means a scientist like him needs to recognize that other people know more about things like reimbursement, sales, marketing, and manufacturing. A CEO at a big company like Biogen needs to oversee all of it, defer to the subject experts, but also have a good “BS filter.” As he put it: “You have to have big picture, you have to know the issues, and you have to ask tough probing questions.”
Those who work with him closely say his leadership style has also played a role in bringing renewed focus to Biogen.
“George’s leadership style is open, welcoming of input and fair-minded in his decision-making. He has the ability to be your peer and your manager in a simultaneous and seamless fashion,” says Fran Heller, who previously worked for Scangos as head of business development at South San Francisco-based Exelixis. “He is often referred to as the most lovable CEO in our industry, and deservedly so.”
 
 


George Scangos, the Boy From Working Class Boston, on His Road Back to Lead Biogen Idec
The story of Biogen’s renaissance since Scangos took over in mid-2010 has been well-told. Biogen has mounted a turnaround during his first year as CEO. This was no small feat, given that Scangos was hired to be a change agent at a company that hadn’t introduced any new marketable drugs since 2004. Read more at: xconomy.com

 
| SHARE THIS NOW | 
Do you want to see the next generation succeed? To work hard, take on big challenges — and become the leaders of the future? If so, then you are ready to be a hero to the next generation! Click here to become a Next Generation Hero, and help all the bright young men and women in our community go further.


 

A campaign to help the next generation take the next stepDOUBLE YOUR CONTRIBUTION: For a limited time, your donation to the Next Step Campaign will be matched by generous friends and supporters who have pledged to match whatever you give — up to $25,000.  Individuals like you have already contributed 80.18% of the amount we must raise to trigger the funds which have been pledged to help us quadruple the number of internships we can offer to Greek American students. You can help get us closer to our goal — and double the amount of your contribution — by clicking on the “DONATE NOW” button and making a contribution to the Next Step Campaign today. THANK YOU! 80.18%Donate Now


 
 You can help young men and women from our community gain the skills and experience they need — and open up doors for bright young go-getters interested in your field — just by passing along news about an internship, sharing insights about your industry, or offering advice that could help a young person go further. Join our NextGen Launch Team today, and join forces with executives and professionals like you, who are committed to seeing the next generation succeed.


ON MENTORS AND MENTORING


An excerpt from ‘Mentor’ is a Greek Word, with Pulitzer Prize winning author  Jeffrey Eugenides, Academy Award-winner  Kary Antholis of HBO, and Emmy nominee Alexis Christoforous  of CBS News sharing their thoughts on mentoring and why  mentors are so important. 



Heck Yeah! We Invented Democracy


“Heck Yeah! We Invented Democracy” — our NextGen students’ original tongue-in-cheek video, from our election year Your Vote is Your Voice campaign, featuring our very funny friends  Bob Costas, Tina Fey, Nick Galifianakis, Arianna Huffington, Maria Menounos, Chris Sarandon, George Stephanopoulos and Betty White.


FOLLOW THE NEXT GENERATION
Click on the links below to like us on Facebook, follow our Launchpad on LinkedIn, or follow the Next Generation on Twitter.

FacebookLinkedinTwitter
SHOW YOUR SUPPORT
Show your support for the young men and women of the next generation  — and help them go further — with your secure online donation to our programs today. Thank you!

JOIN THE NEXT GENERATION
STUDENTS Register today to make sure you receive updates about all our programs for students.
RECENT GRADS Join our network of recent grads  and young professionals.
LAUNCH TEAM Join our Launch Team of leaders, mentors, professors, executives and entrepreneurs who want to help students find internships and connect with mentors. 



Log In



Username or E-mail



Password





Remember Me










Lost Password




















George Scangos, Ph.D. | VIR















































Home / Team / Profile
                










Executive Team














George Scangos, Ph.D.
CEO & Director
George A. Scangos, Ph.D., is the chief executive officer and a member of the Board of Directors of VIR. Previously, he was the chief executive officer and a member of the board of directors of Biogen since July 2010. From 1996 to July 2010, Dr. Scangos served as the president and chief executive officer of Exelixis, Inc., a drug discovery and development company, where he continues to serve on the board. From 1993 to 1996, Dr. Scangos served as president of Bayer Biotechnology, where he was responsible for research, business development, process development, manufacturing, engineering and quality assurance of Bayer’s biological products. Before joining Bayer in 1987, Dr. Scangos was a professor of biology at Johns Hopkins University, where he is still an adjunct professor. Dr. Scangos served as non-executive chairman of Anadys Pharmaceuticals, Inc., a biopharmaceutical company, from 2005 to July 2010 and was a director of the company from 2003 to July 2010. He currently serves on the Boards of Directors of Agilent, Exelixis, and Decibel Therapeutics.
Dr. Scangos served as the Chair of PhRMA from March of 2016 to January of 2017. He also served as the chair of the California Healthcare Institute in 2010 and was a member of the board of the Global Alliance for TB Drug Development until 2010. He is a member of the boards of trustees of the Boston Museum of Science and the Biomedical Science Careers Program, and a member of the National Board of Visitors of the University of California, Davis School of Medicine.













About
Team
News
Careers
Contact












Biogen - Wikipedia






















 






Biogen

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
  (Redirected from Biogen Idec)

					Jump to:					navigation, 					search


Biogen





Type

Public


Traded as



NASDAQ: BIIB
NASDAQ-100 Component
S&P 100 Component
S&P 500 Component





Industry
Biotechnology


Founded
1978 (from merger)


Founders
Kenneth Murray
Phillip Allen Sharp
Walter Gilbert
Heinz Schaller
Charles Weissmann


Headquarters
Cambridge, Massachusetts, U.S.



Key people

Stelios Papadopoulos, Chairman
Michel Vounatsos, CEO


Products
Alprolix, Avonex, Eloctate, Fampyra, Gazyva*, Plegridy, Rituxan*, Tecfidera, Tysabri, Spinraza


Revenue
 US$ 10.76 billion (2015) <



Operating income

 US$ 4.89 billion (2015) [1]



Net income

 US$ 3.55 billion (2015)


Total assets
 US$ 19.505 billion (2015)


Total equity
 US$ 9.37 billion (2014)



Number of employees

7,350 (December 2015)[1]


Website
www.biogen.com


Biogen, Inc. (previously known as Biogen Idec) is an American multinational biotechnology company based in Cambridge, Massachusetts, specializing in the discovery, development, and delivery of therapies for the treatment of neurodegenerative, hematologic, and autoimmune diseases to patients worldwide.



Contents


1 History

1.1 Bioverativ
1.2 Acquisition history


2 Leadership
3 Products
4 Pipeline
5 References
6 External links



History[edit]
Biogen was founded in 1978 in Geneva[2] by several prominent biologists, including Kenneth Murray of the University of Edinburgh, Phillip Allen Sharp of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Walter Gilbert of Harvard (who served as CEO during the start-up phase), Heinz Schaller, University of Heidelberg and Charles Weissmann, University of Zurich (who contributed the first product interferon alpha). Gilbert and Sharp were subsequently honored with Nobel Prizes: Gilbert was recognized in 1980 with the Nobel Prize in Chemistry for his work in understanding DNA sequencing, while Sharp received the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine in 1993 for his discovery of split genes.
In 2003, Biogen merged with San Diego, California-based IDEC Pharmaceuticals (formed in 1986 by biotech pioneers Ivor Royston and Howard Birndorf) and adopted the name Biogen Idec. After the merger, Biogen Idec became the 3rd largest Biotechnology company in the world.[3] Following shifts in research core areas, the company has since shortened its name, reverting to simply Biogen.[4] Biogen stock is a component of several stock indices such as the S&P 100, S&P 500, S&P 1500, and NASDAQ-100 and the company is listed on the NASDAQ stock exchange under the ticker symbol, BIIB.[5]
In May 2006, the company announced it would acquire cancer specialist, Conforma Therapeutics for $250 million.[6] Later in the same month, the company announced its intention to acquire Fumapharm AG, consolidating ownership of Fumaderm and BG-12, an oral fumarate, which is being studied for the treatment of multiple sclerosis and psoriasis.[7]
In January 2007, the company announced it would acquire Syntonix Pharmaceuticals for up to $120 million, gaining Syntonix's lead product for hemophilia B as well as the technology for developing inhalable treatments.[8][9]
In February 2013, Bloomberg broke the news that Biogen was planning the pay Elan $3.25 billion for the full rights to Tysabri, used to treat multiple sclerosis.[10]
In January 2015 the company announced it will acquire Convergence Pharmaceuticals for up to $675 million, with the acquisition aiming to accelerate the development of Convergence's pipeline, in-particular CNV1014802 – a Phase II small molecule sodium channel blocking candidate.[11] In October 2015 the company announced it will lay off 11% of its workforce, effective immediately.[12]
Bioverativ[edit]
In May 2016 the company announced that it will spin off its hemophilia drug business (Eloctate and Alprolix) into a public company.[13] In August, the company announced that the spun off company would be called Bioverativ, in order to show heritage with Biogen.[14] The company will trade on the NASDAQ exchange under the ticker symbol BIVV[15][16] and will look to be spun off in early 2017.[17]
Acquisition history[edit]
The following is an illustration of the company's major mergers and acquisitions and historical predecessors (this is not a comprehensive list):


Biogen















Biogen IDEC









Biogen
(Founded 1978)


















IDEC Pharmaceuticals
























Conforma Therapeutics
(Acq 2006)
























Fumapharm AG
(Acq 2006)
























Syntonix Pharmaceuticals
(Acq 2007)
























Convergence Pharmaceuticals
(Acq 2015)


















Leadership[edit]
Biogen is managed by an executive group composed of ten officers:[18]

Michel Vounatsos, Chief Executive Officer and Member, Board of Directors
Susan H. Alexander, Executive Vice President, Chief Legal Officer and Corporate Secretary
Spyros Artavanis-Tsakonas, Ph.D., Chief Scientific Officer
Paul J. Clancy, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Paul McKenzie, Ph.D., Executive Vice President of Pharmaceutical Operations & Technology,[19]
Kenneth DiPietro, Executive Vice President of Human Resources
Alfred W. Sandrock, Jr., M.D., Ph.D.,Executive Vice President, Head of Development and Worldwide Medical and Chief Medical Officer
Michael Ehlers, M.D., Ph.D. Executive Vice President, Head of R&D

As is customary for a publicly traded company, Biogen is also overseen by a board of directors. The Executive Chairman and Chief Executive Officer both hold positions on the board of directors. The directors are Stelios Papadopoulos (chairman), Michel Vounatsos (CEO), Alexander J. Denner, Ph.D., Caroline Dorsa, Nancy L. Leaming, Richard C. Mulligan, Robert W. Pangia, Brian S. Posner, Eric K. Rowinsky, M.D., The Honorable Lynn Schenk, and Stephen A. Sherwin, M.D.[20]
Products[edit]


Therapy
Indication (In United States unless otherwise noted)
Year Approved (US)
Year Approved (EU)
Additional Information


ALPROLIX™ [Coagulation Factor IX (Recombinant), Fc Fusion Protein]
Control and prevention of bleeding episodes, perioperative management and routine prophylaxis in adults and children with hemophilia B
2014
1993
Also approved in Canada and Australia.
Biogen and Swedish Orphan Biovitrum (Sobi) are collaborators in the development and commercialization of ALPROLIX. [21]



AVONEX® (interferon beta-1a)
Relapsing forms of multiple sclerosis
1996
1997
Includes the AVONEX PEN auto-injector and the AVOSTARTGRIP titration kit approved in the U.S. in 2012.[22]


ELOCTATE™ [Antihemophilic Factor (Recombinant), Fc Fusion Protein]
Control and prevention of bleeding episodes, perioperative (surgical) management and routine prophylaxis in adults and children with hemophilia A
2014
1999
Biogen and Swedish Orphan Biovitrum (Sobi) are collaborators in the development and commercialization of ELOCTATE.[23]


FAMPYRA® (prolonged-release fampridine tablets)
Multiple sclerosis (Walking ability)
2010
2011
Marketed by Biogen in markets outside of the United States.
Commercialized in the United States as AMPYRA (dalfampridine) Extended Release Tablets, by Acorda Therapeutics.[24]



FUMADERM™ (fumaric acid esters)
Psoriasis German use

1994 (Germany only)
Approved in Germany.
Acquired in acquisition of Fumapharm AG in 2006.[25]



GAZYVA® (obinutuzumab)
Chronic lymphocytic leukemia
2013
2014
The first medicine approved with the FDA’s Breakthrough Therapy Designation and is also currently in Phase 3 trials for NHL and diffuse large B-cell lymphoma.
Currently commercialized in the United States by Genentech, a wholly owned subsidiary of Roche.[26]



SPINRAZA™ (nusinersen)
Spinal muscular atrophy
2016
—
The first drug approved for the treatment of spinal muscular atrophy, developed in collaboration with Ionis Pharmaceuticals. EU approval process under way.[27][28]


PLEGRIDY™ (peginterferon beta-1a)
Relapsing forms of multiple sclerosis
2014[29]
2014[30]



RITUXAN® (rituximab)
Non-Hodgkin's Lymphoma (NHL)
Anti-TNF Refractory Rheumatoid Arthritis
ANCA-Associated Vasculitis
Chronic lymphocytic leukemia

1997[31]
2006[32]
2011[33]

1998 (as MabThera)
The first monoclonal antibody for cancer developed by IDEC, prior to merging with Biogen.
Currently commercialized by Roche and its subsidiary, Genentech.



TECFIDERA® (dimethyl fumarate)
Relapsing forms of multiple sclerosis
2013[34]
2014[35]



TYSABRI® (natalizumab)
Relapsing-remitting multiple sclerosis
2004 Re-introduced in 2006
2006
Full rights purchased from partner Elan in 2013.[36]


Pipeline[edit]
Biogen has focused its R&D efforts on the discovery and development of treatments for patients with high unmet medical needs in the areas of neurology, hematology and immunology.
Investigational MS medicines:

Daclizumab High-Yield Process (DAC HYP): is being developed as a potential once-monthly subcutaneous injection in the treatment of relapsing-remitting multiple sclerosis (RRMS). DAC HYP is being developed in collaboration with Abbvie, Inc. In June 2014, the companies announced positive top-line results from the Phase III DECIDE clinical trial, where DAC HYP demonstrated superiority over interferon beta-1a in annualized relapse rate.[37]
Anti-LINGO-1 (BIIB033) (Opicinumab): is the first candidate being investigated for its potential to remyelinate and repair neurons damaged by MS, currently in Phase 2 trials.[38]

Biogen has several candidates in Phase 1 and 2 clinical trials in neurodegenerative and immunological diseases including MS, Alzheimer’s disease, neuropathic pain, spinal muscular atrophy and lupus nephritis:

Phase 2a: anti-LINGO-1 molecule (Opicinumab) in acute optic neuritis
Phase 2b: anti-TWEAK monoclonal antibody in lupus nephritis
Phase 2a: STX-100 in patients with idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis
Phase 2: Neublastin for neuropathic pain in 2013
Phase 3:[39] BIIB037 (Aducanumab), Biogen’s first clinical study in Alzheimer’s disease
Phase 1/2: BIIB067 (ISIS-SOD1Rx) for Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis (ALS), in collaboration with Ionis

Biogen also has several development agreements in place with Ionis Pharmaceuticals to collaborate to leverage antisense technology in advancing the treatment of neurological disorders.[40]
In February 2012, Biogen formalized a joint venture with Samsung, creating Samsung Bioepis. This joint venture brings Biogen’s expertise and capabilities in protein engineering, cell line development, and recombinant biologics manufacturing to position the joint venture so Biogen can participate in the emerging market for biosimilars.[41]
In early 2014, Biogen entered into an agreement with Eisai, Inc., to jointly develop and commercialize two of their candidates for Alzheimer’s disease, which have the potential to reduce Aβ plaques that form in the brains of patients, as well as to slow the formation of new plaques, potentially improving symptoms and suppressing disease progression.[42]
References[edit]


^ a b "Biogen Inc. 10-K report 2015". Securities and Exchange Commission. Retrieved November 6, 2016.
^ "Biotech's Comeback Kid". Forbes. Retrieved 2012-12-04. 
^ "Idec to Merge With Biogen in $6.8 Billion Deal". New York Times. Retrieved 2003-06-24. 
^ "Biogen Drops Idec From Name". Wall Street Journal. Retrieved 2015-03-23. 
^ "Biogen Idec Inc. Stock Quote & Summary Data". NASDAQ. 
^ http://www.pharmatimes.com/news/biogen_idec_agrees_to_buy_swiss_company_fumapharm_996746
^ http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20060531005276/en/Biogen-Idec-Acquire-Fumapharm-AG-Consolidates-Ownership
^ http://www.fiercebiotech.com/biotech/biogen-to-buy-syntonix-120m-deal
^ http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20070104005533/en/Biogen-Idec-Acquire-Syntonix
^ https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2013-02-06/biogen-to-pay-elan-3-25-billion-for-full-tysabri-rights
^ "Biogen Idec Snaps Up Convergence for Up-to-$675M - GEN News Highlights - GEN". 
^ "Biogen is cutting 11% of its workforce". 
^ D'Souza, Savio (May 3, 2016). "Biogen to spin off hemophilia drug business into a public company". Reuters. Retrieved May 3, 2016. 
^ "Amid takeover chatter, Biogen introduces hemophilia spinoff Bioverativ - FiercePharma". 
^ http://www.businesswire.com/news/financialpost/20160809005296/en/Biogen-Announces-Bioverativ-Hemophilia-Focused-Company
^ "Biogen unveils name for hemophilia drug spinoff: Bioverativ - The Boston Globe". 
^ "Biogen Announces Bioverativ as Name of New Hemophilia-Focused Company - Biogen Media". 
^ "Biogen Idec Inc (BIIB) Top Compensated Officers". Business Week. Retrieved 2014-04-14. 
^ "Biogen Announces Departure of Tony Kingsley | Business Wire". www.businesswire.com. Retrieved 2015-10-13. 
^ "Biogen Idec (BIIB) Chairman Young to Retire". StreetInsider.com. Retrieved 2014-02-18. 
^ "Does Biogen Idec Inc Have a New Blockbuster Hemophilia Therapy?". The Motley Fool. Retrieved 2014-07-04. 
^ "Avonex". National MS Society. 
^ "Biogen Idec’s Eloctate gains FDA approval". The Pharma Letter. Retrieved 2014-09-06. 
^ "Fampridine (Fampyra)". MS Trust. 
^ "Biogen Idec enters deal to acquire Fumapharm". First Word Pharma. Retrieved 2006-05-31. 
^ "FDA approves Gazyva for chronic lymphocytic leukemia". FDA.gov. Retrieved 2013-01-11. 
^ Wadman, Meredith (23 December 2016). "Updated: FDA approves drug that rescues babies with fatal neurodegenerative disease". Science. 
^ Grant, Charley (2016-12-27). "Surprise Drug Approval Is Holiday Gift for Biogen". Wall Street Journal. ISSN 0099-9660. Retrieved 2016-12-27. 
^ "Biogen Idec’s PLEGRIDY™(Peginterferon Beta-1a) Approved in the US for the Treatment of Multiple Sclerosis". Reuters. 
^ "Biogen Idec’s Plegridy approved in Europe for relapsing-remitting multiple sclerosis". The Pharma Letter. 
^ "FDA Approval for Rituximab". National Cancer Institute. 
^ "UPDATE 1-Roche, Biogen end dispute over Rituxan follow-ons". Reuters. Retrieved 2010-10-21. 
^ "FDA approves Rituxan to treat two rare disorders". FDA.gov. Retrieved 2011-04-19. 
^ "Cell Therapeutics buys Zevalin from Biogen Idec for $10M, with up to $20M extra plus milestones". The Pharma Letter. Retrieved 2007-09-03. 
^ "Tecifedra". National MS Society. 
^ "Tysabri". National MS Society. 
^ "Once-monthly MS drug from Biogen Idec, AbbVie clears Phase III hurdle". Fierce Biotech. Retrieved 2013-04-08. 
^ "Lingo: a promising remyelination target in MS". Multiple Sclerosis Research. Retrieved 2014-06-16. 
^ "Aducanumab Reduces Amyloid Plaques in Early Alzheimer's". PRIME. 
^ "Isis Pharmaceuticals and Biogen Idec". Fierce Biotech. 
^ "Biogen Sees Eloctate FDA Delay Pushing Marketing to Mid-2014". BusinessWeek. Retrieved 2013-12-11. 
^ "Isis Pharmaceuticals and Biogen Idec". Fierce Biotech. 


External links[edit]

Official website



Business data for Biogen: Google Finance
Yahoo! Finance
Reuters
SEC filings










v
t
e


Companies of the NASDAQ-100 index






21st Century Fox
Activision Blizzard
Adobe Systems
Akamai Technologies
Alexion Pharmaceuticals
Alphabet
Amazon.com
American Airlines Group
Amgen
Analog Devices
Apple
Applied Materials
Autodesk
Automatic Data Processing
Baidu
Biogen
BioMarin Pharmaceutical
Broadcom Limited
CA Technologies
Celgene
Cerner
Charter Communications
Check Point
Cintas
Cisco Systems
Citrix Systems
Cognizant
Comcast
Costco
CSX
Ctrip.com International
Dentsply Sirona
Discovery Communications
Dish Network
Dollar Tree
eBay
Electronic Arts
Expedia
Express Scripts
Facebook
Fastenal
Fiserv
Gilead Sciences
Hasbro
Henry Schein
Hologic
Idexx Laboratories
Illumina
Incyte
Intel
Intuit
Intuitive Surgical
J. B. Hunt Transport Services
JD.com
KLA-Tencor
Kraft Heinz
Lam Research
Liberty Global
Liberty Interactive
Marriott International
Mattel
Maxim Integrated Products
MercadoLibre
Microchip Technology
Micron Technology
Microsoft
Mondelez International
Monster Beverage
Mylan
NetEase
Netflix
Norwegian Cruise Line
Nvidia
O'Reilly Auto Parts
Paccar
Paychex
PayPal
Qualcomm
Regeneron
Ross Stores
Seagate Technology
Shire
Sirius XM Holdings
Skyworks Solutions
Starbucks
Symantec
T-Mobile US
Tesla, Inc.
Texas Instruments
The Priceline Group
Tractor Supply Company
Ulta Beauty
Verisk Analytics
Vertex Pharmaceuticals
Viacom
Vodafone
Walgreens Boots Alliance
Western Digital
Wynn Resorts
Xilinx












v
t
e


Pharmaceutical companies of the United States



Current



Abbott Laboratories
Acorda Therapeutics
Aderis Pharmaceuticals
Advaxis
Alcon
Alexion Pharmaceuticals
Alkermes
Allergan
Amgen
Avax Technologies
Baxter International
BioCryst Pharmaceuticals
Biogen
Bioverativ
Biovest
Biovista
Bristol-Myers Squibb
Century Pharmaceuticals
Ceragenix Pharmaceuticals
Combe Incorporated
Cortex Pharmaceuticals
CytoSport
CytRx
Danco Laboratories
Eli Lilly and Company
Elorac
Endo Pharmaceuticals

Par Pharmaceutical


Galena Biopharma
GenVec
Genentech
Gilead Sciences
Institute for OneWorld Health
Intercept Pharmaceuticals
Johnson & Johnson

Ethicon
Janssen Biotech
McNeil Consumer Healthcare
Ortho-McNeil Pharmaceutical


Kinetic Concepts
Mallinckrodt
McKesson Corporation
Melinta Therapeutics (formerly Rib-X Pharmaceuticals)
Melior Discovery
Mentholatum
Merck & Co.
Mylan
Myriad Genetics
Northwest Biotherapeutics
Norwich Pharma Services
NovaBay Pharmaceuticals
Ovation Pharmaceuticals
Perrigo
Pfizer

Hospira
Searle


Pharmaceutical Product Development
Prasco Laboratories
Procter & Gamble
Proteon Therapeutics
Purdue Pharma
Quark Pharmaceuticals
Regeneron
Repros Therapeutics
Sarepta Therapeutics
Savage Laboratories
Sheffield Pharmaceuticals
Spectrum Pharmaceuticals
Tec Laboratories
Teva Pharmaceutical Industries

Actavis
TAPI


Tiens Biotech Group
Titan Pharmaceuticals
Trevena Inc
Upsher-Smith Laboratories
Valeant Pharmaceuticals

Bausch & Lomb


Ventria Bioscience
Vertex Pharmaceuticals
West Pharmaceutical Services





Former



Alza
Amylin Pharmaceuticals
ARIAD Pharmaceuticals
Biolex
Bradley Pharmaceuticals
CancerVax
Cephalon
CoTherix
Covance
Covidien
Cubist Pharmaceuticals
Cutter Laboratories
DNAPrint Genomics
Epix Pharmaceuticals
Forest Laboratories
Genta
ImClone Systems
ISTA Pharmaceuticals
King Pharmaceuticals
KV Pharmaceutical
Leiner Health Products
Martek Biosciences Corporation
S. E. Massengill Company
Miles Laboratories
Naurex
Nereus Pharmaceuticals
Nuvelo
Organon International
Ortho Pharmaceutical
OSI Pharmaceuticals
Parke-Davis
Qualitest
Schering-Plough
Smith, Kline & French
Sterling Drug
Tanox
TAP Pharmaceutical Products
Trubion
Upjohn
Verus Pharmaceuticals
Vion Pharmaceuticals, Inc.
ViroPharma
Wyeth
Zonite Products Corporation








List of pharmaceutical companies








Companies portal


Coordinates: 42°21′58.3″N 71°5′13.2″W﻿ / ﻿42.366194°N 71.087000°W﻿ / 42.366194; -71.087000




 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Biogen&oldid=790095654"					
Categories: Companies in the NASDAQ-100 IndexCompanies listed on NASDAQCompanies in the NASDAQ Biotechnology IndexCompanies based in Cambridge, MassachusettsBiotechnology companies of the United StatesNational Medal of Technology recipientsPharmaceutical companies of the United StatesPharmaceutical companies established in 20032003 establishments in MassachusettsOrphan drug companiesLife sciences industry1978 establishments in SwitzerlandBiotechnology companies established in 1978Spinal muscular atrophyCompanies formed by mergerHealth care companies based in MassachusettsHidden categories: Pages using infobox company with unsupported parametersCoordinates not on Wikidata 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


العربيةDeutschفارسیFrançaisPortuguêsSuomi中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 11 July 2017, at 15:46.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Biogen - Wikipedia






















 






Biogen

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
  (Redirected from Biogen Idec)

					Jump to:					navigation, 					search


Biogen





Type

Public


Traded as



NASDAQ: BIIB
NASDAQ-100 Component
S&P 100 Component
S&P 500 Component





Industry
Biotechnology


Founded
1978 (from merger)


Founders
Kenneth Murray
Phillip Allen Sharp
Walter Gilbert
Heinz Schaller
Charles Weissmann


Headquarters
Cambridge, Massachusetts, U.S.



Key people

Stelios Papadopoulos, Chairman
Michel Vounatsos, CEO


Products
Alprolix, Avonex, Eloctate, Fampyra, Gazyva*, Plegridy, Rituxan*, Tecfidera, Tysabri, Spinraza


Revenue
 US$ 10.76 billion (2015) <



Operating income

 US$ 4.89 billion (2015) [1]



Net income

 US$ 3.55 billion (2015)


Total assets
 US$ 19.505 billion (2015)


Total equity
 US$ 9.37 billion (2014)



Number of employees

7,350 (December 2015)[1]


Website
www.biogen.com


Biogen, Inc. (previously known as Biogen Idec) is an American multinational biotechnology company based in Cambridge, Massachusetts, specializing in the discovery, development, and delivery of therapies for the treatment of neurodegenerative, hematologic, and autoimmune diseases to patients worldwide.



Contents


1 History

1.1 Bioverativ
1.2 Acquisition history


2 Leadership
3 Products
4 Pipeline
5 References
6 External links



History[edit]
Biogen was founded in 1978 in Geneva[2] by several prominent biologists, including Kenneth Murray of the University of Edinburgh, Phillip Allen Sharp of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Walter Gilbert of Harvard (who served as CEO during the start-up phase), Heinz Schaller, University of Heidelberg and Charles Weissmann, University of Zurich (who contributed the first product interferon alpha). Gilbert and Sharp were subsequently honored with Nobel Prizes: Gilbert was recognized in 1980 with the Nobel Prize in Chemistry for his work in understanding DNA sequencing, while Sharp received the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine in 1993 for his discovery of split genes.
In 2003, Biogen merged with San Diego, California-based IDEC Pharmaceuticals (formed in 1986 by biotech pioneers Ivor Royston and Howard Birndorf) and adopted the name Biogen Idec. After the merger, Biogen Idec became the 3rd largest Biotechnology company in the world.[3] Following shifts in research core areas, the company has since shortened its name, reverting to simply Biogen.[4] Biogen stock is a component of several stock indices such as the S&P 100, S&P 500, S&P 1500, and NASDAQ-100 and the company is listed on the NASDAQ stock exchange under the ticker symbol, BIIB.[5]
In May 2006, the company announced it would acquire cancer specialist, Conforma Therapeutics for $250 million.[6] Later in the same month, the company announced its intention to acquire Fumapharm AG, consolidating ownership of Fumaderm and BG-12, an oral fumarate, which is being studied for the treatment of multiple sclerosis and psoriasis.[7]
In January 2007, the company announced it would acquire Syntonix Pharmaceuticals for up to $120 million, gaining Syntonix's lead product for hemophilia B as well as the technology for developing inhalable treatments.[8][9]
In February 2013, Bloomberg broke the news that Biogen was planning the pay Elan $3.25 billion for the full rights to Tysabri, used to treat multiple sclerosis.[10]
In January 2015 the company announced it will acquire Convergence Pharmaceuticals for up to $675 million, with the acquisition aiming to accelerate the development of Convergence's pipeline, in-particular CNV1014802 – a Phase II small molecule sodium channel blocking candidate.[11] In October 2015 the company announced it will lay off 11% of its workforce, effective immediately.[12]
Bioverativ[edit]
In May 2016 the company announced that it will spin off its hemophilia drug business (Eloctate and Alprolix) into a public company.[13] In August, the company announced that the spun off company would be called Bioverativ, in order to show heritage with Biogen.[14] The company will trade on the NASDAQ exchange under the ticker symbol BIVV[15][16] and will look to be spun off in early 2017.[17]
Acquisition history[edit]
The following is an illustration of the company's major mergers and acquisitions and historical predecessors (this is not a comprehensive list):


Biogen















Biogen IDEC









Biogen
(Founded 1978)


















IDEC Pharmaceuticals
























Conforma Therapeutics
(Acq 2006)
























Fumapharm AG
(Acq 2006)
























Syntonix Pharmaceuticals
(Acq 2007)
























Convergence Pharmaceuticals
(Acq 2015)


















Leadership[edit]
Biogen is managed by an executive group composed of ten officers:[18]

Michel Vounatsos, Chief Executive Officer and Member, Board of Directors
Susan H. Alexander, Executive Vice President, Chief Legal Officer and Corporate Secretary
Spyros Artavanis-Tsakonas, Ph.D., Chief Scientific Officer
Paul J. Clancy, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Paul McKenzie, Ph.D., Executive Vice President of Pharmaceutical Operations & Technology,[19]
Kenneth DiPietro, Executive Vice President of Human Resources
Alfred W. Sandrock, Jr., M.D., Ph.D.,Executive Vice President, Head of Development and Worldwide Medical and Chief Medical Officer
Michael Ehlers, M.D., Ph.D. Executive Vice President, Head of R&D

As is customary for a publicly traded company, Biogen is also overseen by a board of directors. The Executive Chairman and Chief Executive Officer both hold positions on the board of directors. The directors are Stelios Papadopoulos (chairman), Michel Vounatsos (CEO), Alexander J. Denner, Ph.D., Caroline Dorsa, Nancy L. Leaming, Richard C. Mulligan, Robert W. Pangia, Brian S. Posner, Eric K. Rowinsky, M.D., The Honorable Lynn Schenk, and Stephen A. Sherwin, M.D.[20]
Products[edit]


Therapy
Indication (In United States unless otherwise noted)
Year Approved (US)
Year Approved (EU)
Additional Information


ALPROLIX™ [Coagulation Factor IX (Recombinant), Fc Fusion Protein]
Control and prevention of bleeding episodes, perioperative management and routine prophylaxis in adults and children with hemophilia B
2014
1993
Also approved in Canada and Australia.
Biogen and Swedish Orphan Biovitrum (Sobi) are collaborators in the development and commercialization of ALPROLIX. [21]



AVONEX® (interferon beta-1a)
Relapsing forms of multiple sclerosis
1996
1997
Includes the AVONEX PEN auto-injector and the AVOSTARTGRIP titration kit approved in the U.S. in 2012.[22]


ELOCTATE™ [Antihemophilic Factor (Recombinant), Fc Fusion Protein]
Control and prevention of bleeding episodes, perioperative (surgical) management and routine prophylaxis in adults and children with hemophilia A
2014
1999
Biogen and Swedish Orphan Biovitrum (Sobi) are collaborators in the development and commercialization of ELOCTATE.[23]


FAMPYRA® (prolonged-release fampridine tablets)
Multiple sclerosis (Walking ability)
2010
2011
Marketed by Biogen in markets outside of the United States.
Commercialized in the United States as AMPYRA (dalfampridine) Extended Release Tablets, by Acorda Therapeutics.[24]



FUMADERM™ (fumaric acid esters)
Psoriasis German use

1994 (Germany only)
Approved in Germany.
Acquired in acquisition of Fumapharm AG in 2006.[25]



GAZYVA® (obinutuzumab)
Chronic lymphocytic leukemia
2013
2014
The first medicine approved with the FDA’s Breakthrough Therapy Designation and is also currently in Phase 3 trials for NHL and diffuse large B-cell lymphoma.
Currently commercialized in the United States by Genentech, a wholly owned subsidiary of Roche.[26]



SPINRAZA™ (nusinersen)
Spinal muscular atrophy
2016
—
The first drug approved for the treatment of spinal muscular atrophy, developed in collaboration with Ionis Pharmaceuticals. EU approval process under way.[27][28]


PLEGRIDY™ (peginterferon beta-1a)
Relapsing forms of multiple sclerosis
2014[29]
2014[30]



RITUXAN® (rituximab)
Non-Hodgkin's Lymphoma (NHL)
Anti-TNF Refractory Rheumatoid Arthritis
ANCA-Associated Vasculitis
Chronic lymphocytic leukemia

1997[31]
2006[32]
2011[33]

1998 (as MabThera)
The first monoclonal antibody for cancer developed by IDEC, prior to merging with Biogen.
Currently commercialized by Roche and its subsidiary, Genentech.



TECFIDERA® (dimethyl fumarate)
Relapsing forms of multiple sclerosis
2013[34]
2014[35]



TYSABRI® (natalizumab)
Relapsing-remitting multiple sclerosis
2004 Re-introduced in 2006
2006
Full rights purchased from partner Elan in 2013.[36]


Pipeline[edit]
Biogen has focused its R&D efforts on the discovery and development of treatments for patients with high unmet medical needs in the areas of neurology, hematology and immunology.
Investigational MS medicines:

Daclizumab High-Yield Process (DAC HYP): is being developed as a potential once-monthly subcutaneous injection in the treatment of relapsing-remitting multiple sclerosis (RRMS). DAC HYP is being developed in collaboration with Abbvie, Inc. In June 2014, the companies announced positive top-line results from the Phase III DECIDE clinical trial, where DAC HYP demonstrated superiority over interferon beta-1a in annualized relapse rate.[37]
Anti-LINGO-1 (BIIB033) (Opicinumab): is the first candidate being investigated for its potential to remyelinate and repair neurons damaged by MS, currently in Phase 2 trials.[38]

Biogen has several candidates in Phase 1 and 2 clinical trials in neurodegenerative and immunological diseases including MS, Alzheimer’s disease, neuropathic pain, spinal muscular atrophy and lupus nephritis:

Phase 2a: anti-LINGO-1 molecule (Opicinumab) in acute optic neuritis
Phase 2b: anti-TWEAK monoclonal antibody in lupus nephritis
Phase 2a: STX-100 in patients with idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis
Phase 2: Neublastin for neuropathic pain in 2013
Phase 3:[39] BIIB037 (Aducanumab), Biogen’s first clinical study in Alzheimer’s disease
Phase 1/2: BIIB067 (ISIS-SOD1Rx) for Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis (ALS), in collaboration with Ionis

Biogen also has several development agreements in place with Ionis Pharmaceuticals to collaborate to leverage antisense technology in advancing the treatment of neurological disorders.[40]
In February 2012, Biogen formalized a joint venture with Samsung, creating Samsung Bioepis. This joint venture brings Biogen’s expertise and capabilities in protein engineering, cell line development, and recombinant biologics manufacturing to position the joint venture so Biogen can participate in the emerging market for biosimilars.[41]
In early 2014, Biogen entered into an agreement with Eisai, Inc., to jointly develop and commercialize two of their candidates for Alzheimer’s disease, which have the potential to reduce Aβ plaques that form in the brains of patients, as well as to slow the formation of new plaques, potentially improving symptoms and suppressing disease progression.[42]
References[edit]


^ a b "Biogen Inc. 10-K report 2015". Securities and Exchange Commission. Retrieved November 6, 2016.
^ "Biotech's Comeback Kid". Forbes. Retrieved 2012-12-04. 
^ "Idec to Merge With Biogen in $6.8 Billion Deal". New York Times. Retrieved 2003-06-24. 
^ "Biogen Drops Idec From Name". Wall Street Journal. Retrieved 2015-03-23. 
^ "Biogen Idec Inc. Stock Quote & Summary Data". NASDAQ. 
^ http://www.pharmatimes.com/news/biogen_idec_agrees_to_buy_swiss_company_fumapharm_996746
^ http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20060531005276/en/Biogen-Idec-Acquire-Fumapharm-AG-Consolidates-Ownership
^ http://www.fiercebiotech.com/biotech/biogen-to-buy-syntonix-120m-deal
^ http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20070104005533/en/Biogen-Idec-Acquire-Syntonix
^ https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2013-02-06/biogen-to-pay-elan-3-25-billion-for-full-tysabri-rights
^ "Biogen Idec Snaps Up Convergence for Up-to-$675M - GEN News Highlights - GEN". 
^ "Biogen is cutting 11% of its workforce". 
^ D'Souza, Savio (May 3, 2016). "Biogen to spin off hemophilia drug business into a public company". Reuters. Retrieved May 3, 2016. 
^ "Amid takeover chatter, Biogen introduces hemophilia spinoff Bioverativ - FiercePharma". 
^ http://www.businesswire.com/news/financialpost/20160809005296/en/Biogen-Announces-Bioverativ-Hemophilia-Focused-Company
^ "Biogen unveils name for hemophilia drug spinoff: Bioverativ - The Boston Globe". 
^ "Biogen Announces Bioverativ as Name of New Hemophilia-Focused Company - Biogen Media". 
^ "Biogen Idec Inc (BIIB) Top Compensated Officers". Business Week. Retrieved 2014-04-14. 
^ "Biogen Announces Departure of Tony Kingsley | Business Wire". www.businesswire.com. Retrieved 2015-10-13. 
^ "Biogen Idec (BIIB) Chairman Young to Retire". StreetInsider.com. Retrieved 2014-02-18. 
^ "Does Biogen Idec Inc Have a New Blockbuster Hemophilia Therapy?". The Motley Fool. Retrieved 2014-07-04. 
^ "Avonex". National MS Society. 
^ "Biogen Idec’s Eloctate gains FDA approval". The Pharma Letter. Retrieved 2014-09-06. 
^ "Fampridine (Fampyra)". MS Trust. 
^ "Biogen Idec enters deal to acquire Fumapharm". First Word Pharma. Retrieved 2006-05-31. 
^ "FDA approves Gazyva for chronic lymphocytic leukemia". FDA.gov. Retrieved 2013-01-11. 
^ Wadman, Meredith (23 December 2016). "Updated: FDA approves drug that rescues babies with fatal neurodegenerative disease". Science. 
^ Grant, Charley (2016-12-27). "Surprise Drug Approval Is Holiday Gift for Biogen". Wall Street Journal. ISSN 0099-9660. Retrieved 2016-12-27. 
^ "Biogen Idec’s PLEGRIDY™(Peginterferon Beta-1a) Approved in the US for the Treatment of Multiple Sclerosis". Reuters. 
^ "Biogen Idec’s Plegridy approved in Europe for relapsing-remitting multiple sclerosis". The Pharma Letter. 
^ "FDA Approval for Rituximab". National Cancer Institute. 
^ "UPDATE 1-Roche, Biogen end dispute over Rituxan follow-ons". Reuters. Retrieved 2010-10-21. 
^ "FDA approves Rituxan to treat two rare disorders". FDA.gov. Retrieved 2011-04-19. 
^ "Cell Therapeutics buys Zevalin from Biogen Idec for $10M, with up to $20M extra plus milestones". The Pharma Letter. Retrieved 2007-09-03. 
^ "Tecifedra". National MS Society. 
^ "Tysabri". National MS Society. 
^ "Once-monthly MS drug from Biogen Idec, AbbVie clears Phase III hurdle". Fierce Biotech. Retrieved 2013-04-08. 
^ "Lingo: a promising remyelination target in MS". Multiple Sclerosis Research. Retrieved 2014-06-16. 
^ "Aducanumab Reduces Amyloid Plaques in Early Alzheimer's". PRIME. 
^ "Isis Pharmaceuticals and Biogen Idec". Fierce Biotech. 
^ "Biogen Sees Eloctate FDA Delay Pushing Marketing to Mid-2014". BusinessWeek. Retrieved 2013-12-11. 
^ "Isis Pharmaceuticals and Biogen Idec". Fierce Biotech. 


External links[edit]

Official website



Business data for Biogen: Google Finance
Yahoo! Finance
Reuters
SEC filings










v
t
e


Companies of the NASDAQ-100 index






21st Century Fox
Activision Blizzard
Adobe Systems
Akamai Technologies
Alexion Pharmaceuticals
Alphabet
Amazon.com
American Airlines Group
Amgen
Analog Devices
Apple
Applied Materials
Autodesk
Automatic Data Processing
Baidu
Biogen
BioMarin Pharmaceutical
Broadcom Limited
CA Technologies
Celgene
Cerner
Charter Communications
Check Point
Cintas
Cisco Systems
Citrix Systems
Cognizant
Comcast
Costco
CSX
Ctrip.com International
Dentsply Sirona
Discovery Communications
Dish Network
Dollar Tree
eBay
Electronic Arts
Expedia
Express Scripts
Facebook
Fastenal
Fiserv
Gilead Sciences
Hasbro
Henry Schein
Hologic
Idexx Laboratories
Illumina
Incyte
Intel
Intuit
Intuitive Surgical
J. B. Hunt Transport Services
JD.com
KLA-Tencor
Kraft Heinz
Lam Research
Liberty Global
Liberty Interactive
Marriott International
Mattel
Maxim Integrated Products
MercadoLibre
Microchip Technology
Micron Technology
Microsoft
Mondelez International
Monster Beverage
Mylan
NetEase
Netflix
Norwegian Cruise Line
Nvidia
O'Reilly Auto Parts
Paccar
Paychex
PayPal
Qualcomm
Regeneron
Ross Stores
Seagate Technology
Shire
Sirius XM Holdings
Skyworks Solutions
Starbucks
Symantec
T-Mobile US
Tesla, Inc.
Texas Instruments
The Priceline Group
Tractor Supply Company
Ulta Beauty
Verisk Analytics
Vertex Pharmaceuticals
Viacom
Vodafone
Walgreens Boots Alliance
Western Digital
Wynn Resorts
Xilinx












v
t
e


Pharmaceutical companies of the United States



Current



Abbott Laboratories
Acorda Therapeutics
Aderis Pharmaceuticals
Advaxis
Alcon
Alexion Pharmaceuticals
Alkermes
Allergan
Amgen
Avax Technologies
Baxter International
BioCryst Pharmaceuticals
Biogen
Bioverativ
Biovest
Biovista
Bristol-Myers Squibb
Century Pharmaceuticals
Ceragenix Pharmaceuticals
Combe Incorporated
Cortex Pharmaceuticals
CytoSport
CytRx
Danco Laboratories
Eli Lilly and Company
Elorac
Endo Pharmaceuticals

Par Pharmaceutical


Galena Biopharma
GenVec
Genentech
Gilead Sciences
Institute for OneWorld Health
Intercept Pharmaceuticals
Johnson & Johnson

Ethicon
Janssen Biotech
McNeil Consumer Healthcare
Ortho-McNeil Pharmaceutical


Kinetic Concepts
Mallinckrodt
McKesson Corporation
Melinta Therapeutics (formerly Rib-X Pharmaceuticals)
Melior Discovery
Mentholatum
Merck & Co.
Mylan
Myriad Genetics
Northwest Biotherapeutics
Norwich Pharma Services
NovaBay Pharmaceuticals
Ovation Pharmaceuticals
Perrigo
Pfizer

Hospira
Searle


Pharmaceutical Product Development
Prasco Laboratories
Procter & Gamble
Proteon Therapeutics
Purdue Pharma
Quark Pharmaceuticals
Regeneron
Repros Therapeutics
Sarepta Therapeutics
Savage Laboratories
Sheffield Pharmaceuticals
Spectrum Pharmaceuticals
Tec Laboratories
Teva Pharmaceutical Industries

Actavis
TAPI


Tiens Biotech Group
Titan Pharmaceuticals
Trevena Inc
Upsher-Smith Laboratories
Valeant Pharmaceuticals

Bausch & Lomb


Ventria Bioscience
Vertex Pharmaceuticals
West Pharmaceutical Services





Former



Alza
Amylin Pharmaceuticals
ARIAD Pharmaceuticals
Biolex
Bradley Pharmaceuticals
CancerVax
Cephalon
CoTherix
Covance
Covidien
Cubist Pharmaceuticals
Cutter Laboratories
DNAPrint Genomics
Epix Pharmaceuticals
Forest Laboratories
Genta
ImClone Systems
ISTA Pharmaceuticals
King Pharmaceuticals
KV Pharmaceutical
Leiner Health Products
Martek Biosciences Corporation
S. E. Massengill Company
Miles Laboratories
Naurex
Nereus Pharmaceuticals
Nuvelo
Organon International
Ortho Pharmaceutical
OSI Pharmaceuticals
Parke-Davis
Qualitest
Schering-Plough
Smith, Kline & French
Sterling Drug
Tanox
TAP Pharmaceutical Products
Trubion
Upjohn
Verus Pharmaceuticals
Vion Pharmaceuticals, Inc.
ViroPharma
Wyeth
Zonite Products Corporation








List of pharmaceutical companies








Companies portal


Coordinates: 42°21′58.3″N 71°5′13.2″W﻿ / ﻿42.366194°N 71.087000°W﻿ / 42.366194; -71.087000




 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Biogen&oldid=790095654"					
Categories: Companies in the NASDAQ-100 IndexCompanies listed on NASDAQCompanies in the NASDAQ Biotechnology IndexCompanies based in Cambridge, MassachusettsBiotechnology companies of the United StatesNational Medal of Technology recipientsPharmaceutical companies of the United StatesPharmaceutical companies established in 20032003 establishments in MassachusettsOrphan drug companiesLife sciences industry1978 establishments in SwitzerlandBiotechnology companies established in 1978Spinal muscular atrophyCompanies formed by mergerHealth care companies based in MassachusettsHidden categories: Pages using infobox company with unsupported parametersCoordinates not on Wikidata 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


العربيةDeutschفارسیFrançaisPortuguêsSuomi中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 11 July 2017, at 15:46.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Biogen - Wikipedia






















 






Biogen

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
  (Redirected from Biogen Idec)

					Jump to:					navigation, 					search


Biogen





Type

Public


Traded as



NASDAQ: BIIB
NASDAQ-100 Component
S&P 100 Component
S&P 500 Component





Industry
Biotechnology


Founded
1978 (from merger)


Founders
Kenneth Murray
Phillip Allen Sharp
Walter Gilbert
Heinz Schaller
Charles Weissmann


Headquarters
Cambridge, Massachusetts, U.S.



Key people

Stelios Papadopoulos, Chairman
Michel Vounatsos, CEO


Products
Alprolix, Avonex, Eloctate, Fampyra, Gazyva*, Plegridy, Rituxan*, Tecfidera, Tysabri, Spinraza


Revenue
 US$ 10.76 billion (2015) <



Operating income

 US$ 4.89 billion (2015) [1]



Net income

 US$ 3.55 billion (2015)


Total assets
 US$ 19.505 billion (2015)


Total equity
 US$ 9.37 billion (2014)



Number of employees

7,350 (December 2015)[1]


Website
www.biogen.com


Biogen, Inc. (previously known as Biogen Idec) is an American multinational biotechnology company based in Cambridge, Massachusetts, specializing in the discovery, development, and delivery of therapies for the treatment of neurodegenerative, hematologic, and autoimmune diseases to patients worldwide.



Contents


1 History

1.1 Bioverativ
1.2 Acquisition history


2 Leadership
3 Products
4 Pipeline
5 References
6 External links



History[edit]
Biogen was founded in 1978 in Geneva[2] by several prominent biologists, including Kenneth Murray of the University of Edinburgh, Phillip Allen Sharp of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Walter Gilbert of Harvard (who served as CEO during the start-up phase), Heinz Schaller, University of Heidelberg and Charles Weissmann, University of Zurich (who contributed the first product interferon alpha). Gilbert and Sharp were subsequently honored with Nobel Prizes: Gilbert was recognized in 1980 with the Nobel Prize in Chemistry for his work in understanding DNA sequencing, while Sharp received the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine in 1993 for his discovery of split genes.
In 2003, Biogen merged with San Diego, California-based IDEC Pharmaceuticals (formed in 1986 by biotech pioneers Ivor Royston and Howard Birndorf) and adopted the name Biogen Idec. After the merger, Biogen Idec became the 3rd largest Biotechnology company in the world.[3] Following shifts in research core areas, the company has since shortened its name, reverting to simply Biogen.[4] Biogen stock is a component of several stock indices such as the S&P 100, S&P 500, S&P 1500, and NASDAQ-100 and the company is listed on the NASDAQ stock exchange under the ticker symbol, BIIB.[5]
In May 2006, the company announced it would acquire cancer specialist, Conforma Therapeutics for $250 million.[6] Later in the same month, the company announced its intention to acquire Fumapharm AG, consolidating ownership of Fumaderm and BG-12, an oral fumarate, which is being studied for the treatment of multiple sclerosis and psoriasis.[7]
In January 2007, the company announced it would acquire Syntonix Pharmaceuticals for up to $120 million, gaining Syntonix's lead product for hemophilia B as well as the technology for developing inhalable treatments.[8][9]
In February 2013, Bloomberg broke the news that Biogen was planning the pay Elan $3.25 billion for the full rights to Tysabri, used to treat multiple sclerosis.[10]
In January 2015 the company announced it will acquire Convergence Pharmaceuticals for up to $675 million, with the acquisition aiming to accelerate the development of Convergence's pipeline, in-particular CNV1014802 – a Phase II small molecule sodium channel blocking candidate.[11] In October 2015 the company announced it will lay off 11% of its workforce, effective immediately.[12]
Bioverativ[edit]
In May 2016 the company announced that it will spin off its hemophilia drug business (Eloctate and Alprolix) into a public company.[13] In August, the company announced that the spun off company would be called Bioverativ, in order to show heritage with Biogen.[14] The company will trade on the NASDAQ exchange under the ticker symbol BIVV[15][16] and will look to be spun off in early 2017.[17]
Acquisition history[edit]
The following is an illustration of the company's major mergers and acquisitions and historical predecessors (this is not a comprehensive list):


Biogen















Biogen IDEC









Biogen
(Founded 1978)


















IDEC Pharmaceuticals
























Conforma Therapeutics
(Acq 2006)
























Fumapharm AG
(Acq 2006)
























Syntonix Pharmaceuticals
(Acq 2007)
























Convergence Pharmaceuticals
(Acq 2015)


















Leadership[edit]
Biogen is managed by an executive group composed of ten officers:[18]

Michel Vounatsos, Chief Executive Officer and Member, Board of Directors
Susan H. Alexander, Executive Vice President, Chief Legal Officer and Corporate Secretary
Spyros Artavanis-Tsakonas, Ph.D., Chief Scientific Officer
Paul J. Clancy, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Paul McKenzie, Ph.D., Executive Vice President of Pharmaceutical Operations & Technology,[19]
Kenneth DiPietro, Executive Vice President of Human Resources
Alfred W. Sandrock, Jr., M.D., Ph.D.,Executive Vice President, Head of Development and Worldwide Medical and Chief Medical Officer
Michael Ehlers, M.D., Ph.D. Executive Vice President, Head of R&D

As is customary for a publicly traded company, Biogen is also overseen by a board of directors. The Executive Chairman and Chief Executive Officer both hold positions on the board of directors. The directors are Stelios Papadopoulos (chairman), Michel Vounatsos (CEO), Alexander J. Denner, Ph.D., Caroline Dorsa, Nancy L. Leaming, Richard C. Mulligan, Robert W. Pangia, Brian S. Posner, Eric K. Rowinsky, M.D., The Honorable Lynn Schenk, and Stephen A. Sherwin, M.D.[20]
Products[edit]


Therapy
Indication (In United States unless otherwise noted)
Year Approved (US)
Year Approved (EU)
Additional Information


ALPROLIX™ [Coagulation Factor IX (Recombinant), Fc Fusion Protein]
Control and prevention of bleeding episodes, perioperative management and routine prophylaxis in adults and children with hemophilia B
2014
1993
Also approved in Canada and Australia.
Biogen and Swedish Orphan Biovitrum (Sobi) are collaborators in the development and commercialization of ALPROLIX. [21]



AVONEX® (interferon beta-1a)
Relapsing forms of multiple sclerosis
1996
1997
Includes the AVONEX PEN auto-injector and the AVOSTARTGRIP titration kit approved in the U.S. in 2012.[22]


ELOCTATE™ [Antihemophilic Factor (Recombinant), Fc Fusion Protein]
Control and prevention of bleeding episodes, perioperative (surgical) management and routine prophylaxis in adults and children with hemophilia A
2014
1999
Biogen and Swedish Orphan Biovitrum (Sobi) are collaborators in the development and commercialization of ELOCTATE.[23]


FAMPYRA® (prolonged-release fampridine tablets)
Multiple sclerosis (Walking ability)
2010
2011
Marketed by Biogen in markets outside of the United States.
Commercialized in the United States as AMPYRA (dalfampridine) Extended Release Tablets, by Acorda Therapeutics.[24]



FUMADERM™ (fumaric acid esters)
Psoriasis German use

1994 (Germany only)
Approved in Germany.
Acquired in acquisition of Fumapharm AG in 2006.[25]



GAZYVA® (obinutuzumab)
Chronic lymphocytic leukemia
2013
2014
The first medicine approved with the FDA’s Breakthrough Therapy Designation and is also currently in Phase 3 trials for NHL and diffuse large B-cell lymphoma.
Currently commercialized in the United States by Genentech, a wholly owned subsidiary of Roche.[26]



SPINRAZA™ (nusinersen)
Spinal muscular atrophy
2016
—
The first drug approved for the treatment of spinal muscular atrophy, developed in collaboration with Ionis Pharmaceuticals. EU approval process under way.[27][28]


PLEGRIDY™ (peginterferon beta-1a)
Relapsing forms of multiple sclerosis
2014[29]
2014[30]



RITUXAN® (rituximab)
Non-Hodgkin's Lymphoma (NHL)
Anti-TNF Refractory Rheumatoid Arthritis
ANCA-Associated Vasculitis
Chronic lymphocytic leukemia

1997[31]
2006[32]
2011[33]

1998 (as MabThera)
The first monoclonal antibody for cancer developed by IDEC, prior to merging with Biogen.
Currently commercialized by Roche and its subsidiary, Genentech.



TECFIDERA® (dimethyl fumarate)
Relapsing forms of multiple sclerosis
2013[34]
2014[35]



TYSABRI® (natalizumab)
Relapsing-remitting multiple sclerosis
2004 Re-introduced in 2006
2006
Full rights purchased from partner Elan in 2013.[36]


Pipeline[edit]
Biogen has focused its R&D efforts on the discovery and development of treatments for patients with high unmet medical needs in the areas of neurology, hematology and immunology.
Investigational MS medicines:

Daclizumab High-Yield Process (DAC HYP): is being developed as a potential once-monthly subcutaneous injection in the treatment of relapsing-remitting multiple sclerosis (RRMS). DAC HYP is being developed in collaboration with Abbvie, Inc. In June 2014, the companies announced positive top-line results from the Phase III DECIDE clinical trial, where DAC HYP demonstrated superiority over interferon beta-1a in annualized relapse rate.[37]
Anti-LINGO-1 (BIIB033) (Opicinumab): is the first candidate being investigated for its potential to remyelinate and repair neurons damaged by MS, currently in Phase 2 trials.[38]

Biogen has several candidates in Phase 1 and 2 clinical trials in neurodegenerative and immunological diseases including MS, Alzheimer’s disease, neuropathic pain, spinal muscular atrophy and lupus nephritis:

Phase 2a: anti-LINGO-1 molecule (Opicinumab) in acute optic neuritis
Phase 2b: anti-TWEAK monoclonal antibody in lupus nephritis
Phase 2a: STX-100 in patients with idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis
Phase 2: Neublastin for neuropathic pain in 2013
Phase 3:[39] BIIB037 (Aducanumab), Biogen’s first clinical study in Alzheimer’s disease
Phase 1/2: BIIB067 (ISIS-SOD1Rx) for Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis (ALS), in collaboration with Ionis

Biogen also has several development agreements in place with Ionis Pharmaceuticals to collaborate to leverage antisense technology in advancing the treatment of neurological disorders.[40]
In February 2012, Biogen formalized a joint venture with Samsung, creating Samsung Bioepis. This joint venture brings Biogen’s expertise and capabilities in protein engineering, cell line development, and recombinant biologics manufacturing to position the joint venture so Biogen can participate in the emerging market for biosimilars.[41]
In early 2014, Biogen entered into an agreement with Eisai, Inc., to jointly develop and commercialize two of their candidates for Alzheimer’s disease, which have the potential to reduce Aβ plaques that form in the brains of patients, as well as to slow the formation of new plaques, potentially improving symptoms and suppressing disease progression.[42]
References[edit]


^ a b "Biogen Inc. 10-K report 2015". Securities and Exchange Commission. Retrieved November 6, 2016.
^ "Biotech's Comeback Kid". Forbes. Retrieved 2012-12-04. 
^ "Idec to Merge With Biogen in $6.8 Billion Deal". New York Times. Retrieved 2003-06-24. 
^ "Biogen Drops Idec From Name". Wall Street Journal. Retrieved 2015-03-23. 
^ "Biogen Idec Inc. Stock Quote & Summary Data". NASDAQ. 
^ http://www.pharmatimes.com/news/biogen_idec_agrees_to_buy_swiss_company_fumapharm_996746
^ http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20060531005276/en/Biogen-Idec-Acquire-Fumapharm-AG-Consolidates-Ownership
^ http://www.fiercebiotech.com/biotech/biogen-to-buy-syntonix-120m-deal
^ http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20070104005533/en/Biogen-Idec-Acquire-Syntonix
^ https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2013-02-06/biogen-to-pay-elan-3-25-billion-for-full-tysabri-rights
^ "Biogen Idec Snaps Up Convergence for Up-to-$675M - GEN News Highlights - GEN". 
^ "Biogen is cutting 11% of its workforce". 
^ D'Souza, Savio (May 3, 2016). "Biogen to spin off hemophilia drug business into a public company". Reuters. Retrieved May 3, 2016. 
^ "Amid takeover chatter, Biogen introduces hemophilia spinoff Bioverativ - FiercePharma". 
^ http://www.businesswire.com/news/financialpost/20160809005296/en/Biogen-Announces-Bioverativ-Hemophilia-Focused-Company
^ "Biogen unveils name for hemophilia drug spinoff: Bioverativ - The Boston Globe". 
^ "Biogen Announces Bioverativ as Name of New Hemophilia-Focused Company - Biogen Media". 
^ "Biogen Idec Inc (BIIB) Top Compensated Officers". Business Week. Retrieved 2014-04-14. 
^ "Biogen Announces Departure of Tony Kingsley | Business Wire". www.businesswire.com. Retrieved 2015-10-13. 
^ "Biogen Idec (BIIB) Chairman Young to Retire". StreetInsider.com. Retrieved 2014-02-18. 
^ "Does Biogen Idec Inc Have a New Blockbuster Hemophilia Therapy?". The Motley Fool. Retrieved 2014-07-04. 
^ "Avonex". National MS Society. 
^ "Biogen Idec’s Eloctate gains FDA approval". The Pharma Letter. Retrieved 2014-09-06. 
^ "Fampridine (Fampyra)". MS Trust. 
^ "Biogen Idec enters deal to acquire Fumapharm". First Word Pharma. Retrieved 2006-05-31. 
^ "FDA approves Gazyva for chronic lymphocytic leukemia". FDA.gov. Retrieved 2013-01-11. 
^ Wadman, Meredith (23 December 2016). "Updated: FDA approves drug that rescues babies with fatal neurodegenerative disease". Science. 
^ Grant, Charley (2016-12-27). "Surprise Drug Approval Is Holiday Gift for Biogen". Wall Street Journal. ISSN 0099-9660. Retrieved 2016-12-27. 
^ "Biogen Idec’s PLEGRIDY™(Peginterferon Beta-1a) Approved in the US for the Treatment of Multiple Sclerosis". Reuters. 
^ "Biogen Idec’s Plegridy approved in Europe for relapsing-remitting multiple sclerosis". The Pharma Letter. 
^ "FDA Approval for Rituximab". National Cancer Institute. 
^ "UPDATE 1-Roche, Biogen end dispute over Rituxan follow-ons". Reuters. Retrieved 2010-10-21. 
^ "FDA approves Rituxan to treat two rare disorders". FDA.gov. Retrieved 2011-04-19. 
^ "Cell Therapeutics buys Zevalin from Biogen Idec for $10M, with up to $20M extra plus milestones". The Pharma Letter. Retrieved 2007-09-03. 
^ "Tecifedra". National MS Society. 
^ "Tysabri". National MS Society. 
^ "Once-monthly MS drug from Biogen Idec, AbbVie clears Phase III hurdle". Fierce Biotech. Retrieved 2013-04-08. 
^ "Lingo: a promising remyelination target in MS". Multiple Sclerosis Research. Retrieved 2014-06-16. 
^ "Aducanumab Reduces Amyloid Plaques in Early Alzheimer's". PRIME. 
^ "Isis Pharmaceuticals and Biogen Idec". Fierce Biotech. 
^ "Biogen Sees Eloctate FDA Delay Pushing Marketing to Mid-2014". BusinessWeek. Retrieved 2013-12-11. 
^ "Isis Pharmaceuticals and Biogen Idec". Fierce Biotech. 


External links[edit]

Official website



Business data for Biogen: Google Finance
Yahoo! Finance
Reuters
SEC filings










v
t
e


Companies of the NASDAQ-100 index






21st Century Fox
Activision Blizzard
Adobe Systems
Akamai Technologies
Alexion Pharmaceuticals
Alphabet
Amazon.com
American Airlines Group
Amgen
Analog Devices
Apple
Applied Materials
Autodesk
Automatic Data Processing
Baidu
Biogen
BioMarin Pharmaceutical
Broadcom Limited
CA Technologies
Celgene
Cerner
Charter Communications
Check Point
Cintas
Cisco Systems
Citrix Systems
Cognizant
Comcast
Costco
CSX
Ctrip.com International
Dentsply Sirona
Discovery Communications
Dish Network
Dollar Tree
eBay
Electronic Arts
Expedia
Express Scripts
Facebook
Fastenal
Fiserv
Gilead Sciences
Hasbro
Henry Schein
Hologic
Idexx Laboratories
Illumina
Incyte
Intel
Intuit
Intuitive Surgical
J. B. Hunt Transport Services
JD.com
KLA-Tencor
Kraft Heinz
Lam Research
Liberty Global
Liberty Interactive
Marriott International
Mattel
Maxim Integrated Products
MercadoLibre
Microchip Technology
Micron Technology
Microsoft
Mondelez International
Monster Beverage
Mylan
NetEase
Netflix
Norwegian Cruise Line
Nvidia
O'Reilly Auto Parts
Paccar
Paychex
PayPal
Qualcomm
Regeneron
Ross Stores
Seagate Technology
Shire
Sirius XM Holdings
Skyworks Solutions
Starbucks
Symantec
T-Mobile US
Tesla, Inc.
Texas Instruments
The Priceline Group
Tractor Supply Company
Ulta Beauty
Verisk Analytics
Vertex Pharmaceuticals
Viacom
Vodafone
Walgreens Boots Alliance
Western Digital
Wynn Resorts
Xilinx












v
t
e


Pharmaceutical companies of the United States



Current



Abbott Laboratories
Acorda Therapeutics
Aderis Pharmaceuticals
Advaxis
Alcon
Alexion Pharmaceuticals
Alkermes
Allergan
Amgen
Avax Technologies
Baxter International
BioCryst Pharmaceuticals
Biogen
Bioverativ
Biovest
Biovista
Bristol-Myers Squibb
Century Pharmaceuticals
Ceragenix Pharmaceuticals
Combe Incorporated
Cortex Pharmaceuticals
CytoSport
CytRx
Danco Laboratories
Eli Lilly and Company
Elorac
Endo Pharmaceuticals

Par Pharmaceutical


Galena Biopharma
GenVec
Genentech
Gilead Sciences
Institute for OneWorld Health
Intercept Pharmaceuticals
Johnson & Johnson

Ethicon
Janssen Biotech
McNeil Consumer Healthcare
Ortho-McNeil Pharmaceutical


Kinetic Concepts
Mallinckrodt
McKesson Corporation
Melinta Therapeutics (formerly Rib-X Pharmaceuticals)
Melior Discovery
Mentholatum
Merck & Co.
Mylan
Myriad Genetics
Northwest Biotherapeutics
Norwich Pharma Services
NovaBay Pharmaceuticals
Ovation Pharmaceuticals
Perrigo
Pfizer

Hospira
Searle


Pharmaceutical Product Development
Prasco Laboratories
Procter & Gamble
Proteon Therapeutics
Purdue Pharma
Quark Pharmaceuticals
Regeneron
Repros Therapeutics
Sarepta Therapeutics
Savage Laboratories
Sheffield Pharmaceuticals
Spectrum Pharmaceuticals
Tec Laboratories
Teva Pharmaceutical Industries

Actavis
TAPI


Tiens Biotech Group
Titan Pharmaceuticals
Trevena Inc
Upsher-Smith Laboratories
Valeant Pharmaceuticals

Bausch & Lomb


Ventria Bioscience
Vertex Pharmaceuticals
West Pharmaceutical Services





Former



Alza
Amylin Pharmaceuticals
ARIAD Pharmaceuticals
Biolex
Bradley Pharmaceuticals
CancerVax
Cephalon
CoTherix
Covance
Covidien
Cubist Pharmaceuticals
Cutter Laboratories
DNAPrint Genomics
Epix Pharmaceuticals
Forest Laboratories
Genta
ImClone Systems
ISTA Pharmaceuticals
King Pharmaceuticals
KV Pharmaceutical
Leiner Health Products
Martek Biosciences Corporation
S. E. Massengill Company
Miles Laboratories
Naurex
Nereus Pharmaceuticals
Nuvelo
Organon International
Ortho Pharmaceutical
OSI Pharmaceuticals
Parke-Davis
Qualitest
Schering-Plough
Smith, Kline & French
Sterling Drug
Tanox
TAP Pharmaceutical Products
Trubion
Upjohn
Verus Pharmaceuticals
Vion Pharmaceuticals, Inc.
ViroPharma
Wyeth
Zonite Products Corporation








List of pharmaceutical companies








Companies portal


Coordinates: 42°21′58.3″N 71°5′13.2″W﻿ / ﻿42.366194°N 71.087000°W﻿ / 42.366194; -71.087000




 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Biogen&oldid=790095654"					
Categories: Companies in the NASDAQ-100 IndexCompanies listed on NASDAQCompanies in the NASDAQ Biotechnology IndexCompanies based in Cambridge, MassachusettsBiotechnology companies of the United StatesNational Medal of Technology recipientsPharmaceutical companies of the United StatesPharmaceutical companies established in 20032003 establishments in MassachusettsOrphan drug companiesLife sciences industry1978 establishments in SwitzerlandBiotechnology companies established in 1978Spinal muscular atrophyCompanies formed by mergerHealth care companies based in MassachusettsHidden categories: Pages using infobox company with unsupported parametersCoordinates not on Wikidata 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


العربيةDeutschفارسیFrançaisPortuguêsSuomi中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 11 July 2017, at 15:46.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Biogen - Wikipedia






















 






Biogen

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
  (Redirected from Biogen Idec)

					Jump to:					navigation, 					search


Biogen





Type

Public


Traded as



NASDAQ: BIIB
NASDAQ-100 Component
S&P 100 Component
S&P 500 Component





Industry
Biotechnology


Founded
1978 (from merger)


Founders
Kenneth Murray
Phillip Allen Sharp
Walter Gilbert
Heinz Schaller
Charles Weissmann


Headquarters
Cambridge, Massachusetts, U.S.



Key people

Stelios Papadopoulos, Chairman
Michel Vounatsos, CEO


Products
Alprolix, Avonex, Eloctate, Fampyra, Gazyva*, Plegridy, Rituxan*, Tecfidera, Tysabri, Spinraza


Revenue
 US$ 10.76 billion (2015) <



Operating income

 US$ 4.89 billion (2015) [1]



Net income

 US$ 3.55 billion (2015)


Total assets
 US$ 19.505 billion (2015)


Total equity
 US$ 9.37 billion (2014)



Number of employees

7,350 (December 2015)[1]


Website
www.biogen.com


Biogen, Inc. (previously known as Biogen Idec) is an American multinational biotechnology company based in Cambridge, Massachusetts, specializing in the discovery, development, and delivery of therapies for the treatment of neurodegenerative, hematologic, and autoimmune diseases to patients worldwide.



Contents


1 History

1.1 Bioverativ
1.2 Acquisition history


2 Leadership
3 Products
4 Pipeline
5 References
6 External links



History[edit]
Biogen was founded in 1978 in Geneva[2] by several prominent biologists, including Kenneth Murray of the University of Edinburgh, Phillip Allen Sharp of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Walter Gilbert of Harvard (who served as CEO during the start-up phase), Heinz Schaller, University of Heidelberg and Charles Weissmann, University of Zurich (who contributed the first product interferon alpha). Gilbert and Sharp were subsequently honored with Nobel Prizes: Gilbert was recognized in 1980 with the Nobel Prize in Chemistry for his work in understanding DNA sequencing, while Sharp received the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine in 1993 for his discovery of split genes.
In 2003, Biogen merged with San Diego, California-based IDEC Pharmaceuticals (formed in 1986 by biotech pioneers Ivor Royston and Howard Birndorf) and adopted the name Biogen Idec. After the merger, Biogen Idec became the 3rd largest Biotechnology company in the world.[3] Following shifts in research core areas, the company has since shortened its name, reverting to simply Biogen.[4] Biogen stock is a component of several stock indices such as the S&P 100, S&P 500, S&P 1500, and NASDAQ-100 and the company is listed on the NASDAQ stock exchange under the ticker symbol, BIIB.[5]
In May 2006, the company announced it would acquire cancer specialist, Conforma Therapeutics for $250 million.[6] Later in the same month, the company announced its intention to acquire Fumapharm AG, consolidating ownership of Fumaderm and BG-12, an oral fumarate, which is being studied for the treatment of multiple sclerosis and psoriasis.[7]
In January 2007, the company announced it would acquire Syntonix Pharmaceuticals for up to $120 million, gaining Syntonix's lead product for hemophilia B as well as the technology for developing inhalable treatments.[8][9]
In February 2013, Bloomberg broke the news that Biogen was planning the pay Elan $3.25 billion for the full rights to Tysabri, used to treat multiple sclerosis.[10]
In January 2015 the company announced it will acquire Convergence Pharmaceuticals for up to $675 million, with the acquisition aiming to accelerate the development of Convergence's pipeline, in-particular CNV1014802 – a Phase II small molecule sodium channel blocking candidate.[11] In October 2015 the company announced it will lay off 11% of its workforce, effective immediately.[12]
Bioverativ[edit]
In May 2016 the company announced that it will spin off its hemophilia drug business (Eloctate and Alprolix) into a public company.[13] In August, the company announced that the spun off company would be called Bioverativ, in order to show heritage with Biogen.[14] The company will trade on the NASDAQ exchange under the ticker symbol BIVV[15][16] and will look to be spun off in early 2017.[17]
Acquisition history[edit]
The following is an illustration of the company's major mergers and acquisitions and historical predecessors (this is not a comprehensive list):


Biogen















Biogen IDEC









Biogen
(Founded 1978)


















IDEC Pharmaceuticals
























Conforma Therapeutics
(Acq 2006)
























Fumapharm AG
(Acq 2006)
























Syntonix Pharmaceuticals
(Acq 2007)
























Convergence Pharmaceuticals
(Acq 2015)


















Leadership[edit]
Biogen is managed by an executive group composed of ten officers:[18]

Michel Vounatsos, Chief Executive Officer and Member, Board of Directors
Susan H. Alexander, Executive Vice President, Chief Legal Officer and Corporate Secretary
Spyros Artavanis-Tsakonas, Ph.D., Chief Scientific Officer
Paul J. Clancy, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Paul McKenzie, Ph.D., Executive Vice President of Pharmaceutical Operations & Technology,[19]
Kenneth DiPietro, Executive Vice President of Human Resources
Alfred W. Sandrock, Jr., M.D., Ph.D.,Executive Vice President, Head of Development and Worldwide Medical and Chief Medical Officer
Michael Ehlers, M.D., Ph.D. Executive Vice President, Head of R&D

As is customary for a publicly traded company, Biogen is also overseen by a board of directors. The Executive Chairman and Chief Executive Officer both hold positions on the board of directors. The directors are Stelios Papadopoulos (chairman), Michel Vounatsos (CEO), Alexander J. Denner, Ph.D., Caroline Dorsa, Nancy L. Leaming, Richard C. Mulligan, Robert W. Pangia, Brian S. Posner, Eric K. Rowinsky, M.D., The Honorable Lynn Schenk, and Stephen A. Sherwin, M.D.[20]
Products[edit]


Therapy
Indication (In United States unless otherwise noted)
Year Approved (US)
Year Approved (EU)
Additional Information


ALPROLIX™ [Coagulation Factor IX (Recombinant), Fc Fusion Protein]
Control and prevention of bleeding episodes, perioperative management and routine prophylaxis in adults and children with hemophilia B
2014
1993
Also approved in Canada and Australia.
Biogen and Swedish Orphan Biovitrum (Sobi) are collaborators in the development and commercialization of ALPROLIX. [21]



AVONEX® (interferon beta-1a)
Relapsing forms of multiple sclerosis
1996
1997
Includes the AVONEX PEN auto-injector and the AVOSTARTGRIP titration kit approved in the U.S. in 2012.[22]


ELOCTATE™ [Antihemophilic Factor (Recombinant), Fc Fusion Protein]
Control and prevention of bleeding episodes, perioperative (surgical) management and routine prophylaxis in adults and children with hemophilia A
2014
1999
Biogen and Swedish Orphan Biovitrum (Sobi) are collaborators in the development and commercialization of ELOCTATE.[23]


FAMPYRA® (prolonged-release fampridine tablets)
Multiple sclerosis (Walking ability)
2010
2011
Marketed by Biogen in markets outside of the United States.
Commercialized in the United States as AMPYRA (dalfampridine) Extended Release Tablets, by Acorda Therapeutics.[24]



FUMADERM™ (fumaric acid esters)
Psoriasis German use

1994 (Germany only)
Approved in Germany.
Acquired in acquisition of Fumapharm AG in 2006.[25]



GAZYVA® (obinutuzumab)
Chronic lymphocytic leukemia
2013
2014
The first medicine approved with the FDA’s Breakthrough Therapy Designation and is also currently in Phase 3 trials for NHL and diffuse large B-cell lymphoma.
Currently commercialized in the United States by Genentech, a wholly owned subsidiary of Roche.[26]



SPINRAZA™ (nusinersen)
Spinal muscular atrophy
2016
—
The first drug approved for the treatment of spinal muscular atrophy, developed in collaboration with Ionis Pharmaceuticals. EU approval process under way.[27][28]


PLEGRIDY™ (peginterferon beta-1a)
Relapsing forms of multiple sclerosis
2014[29]
2014[30]



RITUXAN® (rituximab)
Non-Hodgkin's Lymphoma (NHL)
Anti-TNF Refractory Rheumatoid Arthritis
ANCA-Associated Vasculitis
Chronic lymphocytic leukemia

1997[31]
2006[32]
2011[33]

1998 (as MabThera)
The first monoclonal antibody for cancer developed by IDEC, prior to merging with Biogen.
Currently commercialized by Roche and its subsidiary, Genentech.



TECFIDERA® (dimethyl fumarate)
Relapsing forms of multiple sclerosis
2013[34]
2014[35]



TYSABRI® (natalizumab)
Relapsing-remitting multiple sclerosis
2004 Re-introduced in 2006
2006
Full rights purchased from partner Elan in 2013.[36]


Pipeline[edit]
Biogen has focused its R&D efforts on the discovery and development of treatments for patients with high unmet medical needs in the areas of neurology, hematology and immunology.
Investigational MS medicines:

Daclizumab High-Yield Process (DAC HYP): is being developed as a potential once-monthly subcutaneous injection in the treatment of relapsing-remitting multiple sclerosis (RRMS). DAC HYP is being developed in collaboration with Abbvie, Inc. In June 2014, the companies announced positive top-line results from the Phase III DECIDE clinical trial, where DAC HYP demonstrated superiority over interferon beta-1a in annualized relapse rate.[37]
Anti-LINGO-1 (BIIB033) (Opicinumab): is the first candidate being investigated for its potential to remyelinate and repair neurons damaged by MS, currently in Phase 2 trials.[38]

Biogen has several candidates in Phase 1 and 2 clinical trials in neurodegenerative and immunological diseases including MS, Alzheimer’s disease, neuropathic pain, spinal muscular atrophy and lupus nephritis:

Phase 2a: anti-LINGO-1 molecule (Opicinumab) in acute optic neuritis
Phase 2b: anti-TWEAK monoclonal antibody in lupus nephritis
Phase 2a: STX-100 in patients with idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis
Phase 2: Neublastin for neuropathic pain in 2013
Phase 3:[39] BIIB037 (Aducanumab), Biogen’s first clinical study in Alzheimer’s disease
Phase 1/2: BIIB067 (ISIS-SOD1Rx) for Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis (ALS), in collaboration with Ionis

Biogen also has several development agreements in place with Ionis Pharmaceuticals to collaborate to leverage antisense technology in advancing the treatment of neurological disorders.[40]
In February 2012, Biogen formalized a joint venture with Samsung, creating Samsung Bioepis. This joint venture brings Biogen’s expertise and capabilities in protein engineering, cell line development, and recombinant biologics manufacturing to position the joint venture so Biogen can participate in the emerging market for biosimilars.[41]
In early 2014, Biogen entered into an agreement with Eisai, Inc., to jointly develop and commercialize two of their candidates for Alzheimer’s disease, which have the potential to reduce Aβ plaques that form in the brains of patients, as well as to slow the formation of new plaques, potentially improving symptoms and suppressing disease progression.[42]
References[edit]


^ a b "Biogen Inc. 10-K report 2015". Securities and Exchange Commission. Retrieved November 6, 2016.
^ "Biotech's Comeback Kid". Forbes. Retrieved 2012-12-04. 
^ "Idec to Merge With Biogen in $6.8 Billion Deal". New York Times. Retrieved 2003-06-24. 
^ "Biogen Drops Idec From Name". Wall Street Journal. Retrieved 2015-03-23. 
^ "Biogen Idec Inc. Stock Quote & Summary Data". NASDAQ. 
^ http://www.pharmatimes.com/news/biogen_idec_agrees_to_buy_swiss_company_fumapharm_996746
^ http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20060531005276/en/Biogen-Idec-Acquire-Fumapharm-AG-Consolidates-Ownership
^ http://www.fiercebiotech.com/biotech/biogen-to-buy-syntonix-120m-deal
^ http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20070104005533/en/Biogen-Idec-Acquire-Syntonix
^ https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2013-02-06/biogen-to-pay-elan-3-25-billion-for-full-tysabri-rights
^ "Biogen Idec Snaps Up Convergence for Up-to-$675M - GEN News Highlights - GEN". 
^ "Biogen is cutting 11% of its workforce". 
^ D'Souza, Savio (May 3, 2016). "Biogen to spin off hemophilia drug business into a public company". Reuters. Retrieved May 3, 2016. 
^ "Amid takeover chatter, Biogen introduces hemophilia spinoff Bioverativ - FiercePharma". 
^ http://www.businesswire.com/news/financialpost/20160809005296/en/Biogen-Announces-Bioverativ-Hemophilia-Focused-Company
^ "Biogen unveils name for hemophilia drug spinoff: Bioverativ - The Boston Globe". 
^ "Biogen Announces Bioverativ as Name of New Hemophilia-Focused Company - Biogen Media". 
^ "Biogen Idec Inc (BIIB) Top Compensated Officers". Business Week. Retrieved 2014-04-14. 
^ "Biogen Announces Departure of Tony Kingsley | Business Wire". www.businesswire.com. Retrieved 2015-10-13. 
^ "Biogen Idec (BIIB) Chairman Young to Retire". StreetInsider.com. Retrieved 2014-02-18. 
^ "Does Biogen Idec Inc Have a New Blockbuster Hemophilia Therapy?". The Motley Fool. Retrieved 2014-07-04. 
^ "Avonex". National MS Society. 
^ "Biogen Idec’s Eloctate gains FDA approval". The Pharma Letter. Retrieved 2014-09-06. 
^ "Fampridine (Fampyra)". MS Trust. 
^ "Biogen Idec enters deal to acquire Fumapharm". First Word Pharma. Retrieved 2006-05-31. 
^ "FDA approves Gazyva for chronic lymphocytic leukemia". FDA.gov. Retrieved 2013-01-11. 
^ Wadman, Meredith (23 December 2016). "Updated: FDA approves drug that rescues babies with fatal neurodegenerative disease". Science. 
^ Grant, Charley (2016-12-27). "Surprise Drug Approval Is Holiday Gift for Biogen". Wall Street Journal. ISSN 0099-9660. Retrieved 2016-12-27. 
^ "Biogen Idec’s PLEGRIDY™(Peginterferon Beta-1a) Approved in the US for the Treatment of Multiple Sclerosis". Reuters. 
^ "Biogen Idec’s Plegridy approved in Europe for relapsing-remitting multiple sclerosis". The Pharma Letter. 
^ "FDA Approval for Rituximab". National Cancer Institute. 
^ "UPDATE 1-Roche, Biogen end dispute over Rituxan follow-ons". Reuters. Retrieved 2010-10-21. 
^ "FDA approves Rituxan to treat two rare disorders". FDA.gov. Retrieved 2011-04-19. 
^ "Cell Therapeutics buys Zevalin from Biogen Idec for $10M, with up to $20M extra plus milestones". The Pharma Letter. Retrieved 2007-09-03. 
^ "Tecifedra". National MS Society. 
^ "Tysabri". National MS Society. 
^ "Once-monthly MS drug from Biogen Idec, AbbVie clears Phase III hurdle". Fierce Biotech. Retrieved 2013-04-08. 
^ "Lingo: a promising remyelination target in MS". Multiple Sclerosis Research. Retrieved 2014-06-16. 
^ "Aducanumab Reduces Amyloid Plaques in Early Alzheimer's". PRIME. 
^ "Isis Pharmaceuticals and Biogen Idec". Fierce Biotech. 
^ "Biogen Sees Eloctate FDA Delay Pushing Marketing to Mid-2014". BusinessWeek. Retrieved 2013-12-11. 
^ "Isis Pharmaceuticals and Biogen Idec". Fierce Biotech. 


External links[edit]

Official website



Business data for Biogen: Google Finance
Yahoo! Finance
Reuters
SEC filings










v
t
e


Companies of the NASDAQ-100 index






21st Century Fox
Activision Blizzard
Adobe Systems
Akamai Technologies
Alexion Pharmaceuticals
Alphabet
Amazon.com
American Airlines Group
Amgen
Analog Devices
Apple
Applied Materials
Autodesk
Automatic Data Processing
Baidu
Biogen
BioMarin Pharmaceutical
Broadcom Limited
CA Technologies
Celgene
Cerner
Charter Communications
Check Point
Cintas
Cisco Systems
Citrix Systems
Cognizant
Comcast
Costco
CSX
Ctrip.com International
Dentsply Sirona
Discovery Communications
Dish Network
Dollar Tree
eBay
Electronic Arts
Expedia
Express Scripts
Facebook
Fastenal
Fiserv
Gilead Sciences
Hasbro
Henry Schein
Hologic
Idexx Laboratories
Illumina
Incyte
Intel
Intuit
Intuitive Surgical
J. B. Hunt Transport Services
JD.com
KLA-Tencor
Kraft Heinz
Lam Research
Liberty Global
Liberty Interactive
Marriott International
Mattel
Maxim Integrated Products
MercadoLibre
Microchip Technology
Micron Technology
Microsoft
Mondelez International
Monster Beverage
Mylan
NetEase
Netflix
Norwegian Cruise Line
Nvidia
O'Reilly Auto Parts
Paccar
Paychex
PayPal
Qualcomm
Regeneron
Ross Stores
Seagate Technology
Shire
Sirius XM Holdings
Skyworks Solutions
Starbucks
Symantec
T-Mobile US
Tesla, Inc.
Texas Instruments
The Priceline Group
Tractor Supply Company
Ulta Beauty
Verisk Analytics
Vertex Pharmaceuticals
Viacom
Vodafone
Walgreens Boots Alliance
Western Digital
Wynn Resorts
Xilinx












v
t
e


Pharmaceutical companies of the United States



Current



Abbott Laboratories
Acorda Therapeutics
Aderis Pharmaceuticals
Advaxis
Alcon
Alexion Pharmaceuticals
Alkermes
Allergan
Amgen
Avax Technologies
Baxter International
BioCryst Pharmaceuticals
Biogen
Bioverativ
Biovest
Biovista
Bristol-Myers Squibb
Century Pharmaceuticals
Ceragenix Pharmaceuticals
Combe Incorporated
Cortex Pharmaceuticals
CytoSport
CytRx
Danco Laboratories
Eli Lilly and Company
Elorac
Endo Pharmaceuticals

Par Pharmaceutical


Galena Biopharma
GenVec
Genentech
Gilead Sciences
Institute for OneWorld Health
Intercept Pharmaceuticals
Johnson & Johnson

Ethicon
Janssen Biotech
McNeil Consumer Healthcare
Ortho-McNeil Pharmaceutical


Kinetic Concepts
Mallinckrodt
McKesson Corporation
Melinta Therapeutics (formerly Rib-X Pharmaceuticals)
Melior Discovery
Mentholatum
Merck & Co.
Mylan
Myriad Genetics
Northwest Biotherapeutics
Norwich Pharma Services
NovaBay Pharmaceuticals
Ovation Pharmaceuticals
Perrigo
Pfizer

Hospira
Searle


Pharmaceutical Product Development
Prasco Laboratories
Procter & Gamble
Proteon Therapeutics
Purdue Pharma
Quark Pharmaceuticals
Regeneron
Repros Therapeutics
Sarepta Therapeutics
Savage Laboratories
Sheffield Pharmaceuticals
Spectrum Pharmaceuticals
Tec Laboratories
Teva Pharmaceutical Industries

Actavis
TAPI


Tiens Biotech Group
Titan Pharmaceuticals
Trevena Inc
Upsher-Smith Laboratories
Valeant Pharmaceuticals

Bausch & Lomb


Ventria Bioscience
Vertex Pharmaceuticals
West Pharmaceutical Services





Former



Alza
Amylin Pharmaceuticals
ARIAD Pharmaceuticals
Biolex
Bradley Pharmaceuticals
CancerVax
Cephalon
CoTherix
Covance
Covidien
Cubist Pharmaceuticals
Cutter Laboratories
DNAPrint Genomics
Epix Pharmaceuticals
Forest Laboratories
Genta
ImClone Systems
ISTA Pharmaceuticals
King Pharmaceuticals
KV Pharmaceutical
Leiner Health Products
Martek Biosciences Corporation
S. E. Massengill Company
Miles Laboratories
Naurex
Nereus Pharmaceuticals
Nuvelo
Organon International
Ortho Pharmaceutical
OSI Pharmaceuticals
Parke-Davis
Qualitest
Schering-Plough
Smith, Kline & French
Sterling Drug
Tanox
TAP Pharmaceutical Products
Trubion
Upjohn
Verus Pharmaceuticals
Vion Pharmaceuticals, Inc.
ViroPharma
Wyeth
Zonite Products Corporation








List of pharmaceutical companies








Companies portal


Coordinates: 42°21′58.3″N 71°5′13.2″W﻿ / ﻿42.366194°N 71.087000°W﻿ / 42.366194; -71.087000




 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Biogen&oldid=790095654"					
Categories: Companies in the NASDAQ-100 IndexCompanies listed on NASDAQCompanies in the NASDAQ Biotechnology IndexCompanies based in Cambridge, MassachusettsBiotechnology companies of the United StatesNational Medal of Technology recipientsPharmaceutical companies of the United StatesPharmaceutical companies established in 20032003 establishments in MassachusettsOrphan drug companiesLife sciences industry1978 establishments in SwitzerlandBiotechnology companies established in 1978Spinal muscular atrophyCompanies formed by mergerHealth care companies based in MassachusettsHidden categories: Pages using infobox company with unsupported parametersCoordinates not on Wikidata 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


العربيةDeutschفارسیFrançaisPortuguêsSuomi中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 11 July 2017, at 15:46.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Biogen - Wikipedia






















 






Biogen

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
  (Redirected from Biogen Idec)

					Jump to:					navigation, 					search


Biogen





Type

Public


Traded as



NASDAQ: BIIB
NASDAQ-100 Component
S&P 100 Component
S&P 500 Component





Industry
Biotechnology


Founded
1978 (from merger)


Founders
Kenneth Murray
Phillip Allen Sharp
Walter Gilbert
Heinz Schaller
Charles Weissmann


Headquarters
Cambridge, Massachusetts, U.S.



Key people

Stelios Papadopoulos, Chairman
Michel Vounatsos, CEO


Products
Alprolix, Avonex, Eloctate, Fampyra, Gazyva*, Plegridy, Rituxan*, Tecfidera, Tysabri, Spinraza


Revenue
 US$ 10.76 billion (2015) <



Operating income

 US$ 4.89 billion (2015) [1]



Net income

 US$ 3.55 billion (2015)


Total assets
 US$ 19.505 billion (2015)


Total equity
 US$ 9.37 billion (2014)



Number of employees

7,350 (December 2015)[1]


Website
www.biogen.com


Biogen, Inc. (previously known as Biogen Idec) is an American multinational biotechnology company based in Cambridge, Massachusetts, specializing in the discovery, development, and delivery of therapies for the treatment of neurodegenerative, hematologic, and autoimmune diseases to patients worldwide.



Contents


1 History

1.1 Bioverativ
1.2 Acquisition history


2 Leadership
3 Products
4 Pipeline
5 References
6 External links



History[edit]
Biogen was founded in 1978 in Geneva[2] by several prominent biologists, including Kenneth Murray of the University of Edinburgh, Phillip Allen Sharp of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Walter Gilbert of Harvard (who served as CEO during the start-up phase), Heinz Schaller, University of Heidelberg and Charles Weissmann, University of Zurich (who contributed the first product interferon alpha). Gilbert and Sharp were subsequently honored with Nobel Prizes: Gilbert was recognized in 1980 with the Nobel Prize in Chemistry for his work in understanding DNA sequencing, while Sharp received the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine in 1993 for his discovery of split genes.
In 2003, Biogen merged with San Diego, California-based IDEC Pharmaceuticals (formed in 1986 by biotech pioneers Ivor Royston and Howard Birndorf) and adopted the name Biogen Idec. After the merger, Biogen Idec became the 3rd largest Biotechnology company in the world.[3] Following shifts in research core areas, the company has since shortened its name, reverting to simply Biogen.[4] Biogen stock is a component of several stock indices such as the S&P 100, S&P 500, S&P 1500, and NASDAQ-100 and the company is listed on the NASDAQ stock exchange under the ticker symbol, BIIB.[5]
In May 2006, the company announced it would acquire cancer specialist, Conforma Therapeutics for $250 million.[6] Later in the same month, the company announced its intention to acquire Fumapharm AG, consolidating ownership of Fumaderm and BG-12, an oral fumarate, which is being studied for the treatment of multiple sclerosis and psoriasis.[7]
In January 2007, the company announced it would acquire Syntonix Pharmaceuticals for up to $120 million, gaining Syntonix's lead product for hemophilia B as well as the technology for developing inhalable treatments.[8][9]
In February 2013, Bloomberg broke the news that Biogen was planning the pay Elan $3.25 billion for the full rights to Tysabri, used to treat multiple sclerosis.[10]
In January 2015 the company announced it will acquire Convergence Pharmaceuticals for up to $675 million, with the acquisition aiming to accelerate the development of Convergence's pipeline, in-particular CNV1014802 – a Phase II small molecule sodium channel blocking candidate.[11] In October 2015 the company announced it will lay off 11% of its workforce, effective immediately.[12]
Bioverativ[edit]
In May 2016 the company announced that it will spin off its hemophilia drug business (Eloctate and Alprolix) into a public company.[13] In August, the company announced that the spun off company would be called Bioverativ, in order to show heritage with Biogen.[14] The company will trade on the NASDAQ exchange under the ticker symbol BIVV[15][16] and will look to be spun off in early 2017.[17]
Acquisition history[edit]
The following is an illustration of the company's major mergers and acquisitions and historical predecessors (this is not a comprehensive list):


Biogen















Biogen IDEC









Biogen
(Founded 1978)


















IDEC Pharmaceuticals
























Conforma Therapeutics
(Acq 2006)
























Fumapharm AG
(Acq 2006)
























Syntonix Pharmaceuticals
(Acq 2007)
























Convergence Pharmaceuticals
(Acq 2015)


















Leadership[edit]
Biogen is managed by an executive group composed of ten officers:[18]

Michel Vounatsos, Chief Executive Officer and Member, Board of Directors
Susan H. Alexander, Executive Vice President, Chief Legal Officer and Corporate Secretary
Spyros Artavanis-Tsakonas, Ph.D., Chief Scientific Officer
Paul J. Clancy, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Paul McKenzie, Ph.D., Executive Vice President of Pharmaceutical Operations & Technology,[19]
Kenneth DiPietro, Executive Vice President of Human Resources
Alfred W. Sandrock, Jr., M.D., Ph.D.,Executive Vice President, Head of Development and Worldwide Medical and Chief Medical Officer
Michael Ehlers, M.D., Ph.D. Executive Vice President, Head of R&D

As is customary for a publicly traded company, Biogen is also overseen by a board of directors. The Executive Chairman and Chief Executive Officer both hold positions on the board of directors. The directors are Stelios Papadopoulos (chairman), Michel Vounatsos (CEO), Alexander J. Denner, Ph.D., Caroline Dorsa, Nancy L. Leaming, Richard C. Mulligan, Robert W. Pangia, Brian S. Posner, Eric K. Rowinsky, M.D., The Honorable Lynn Schenk, and Stephen A. Sherwin, M.D.[20]
Products[edit]


Therapy
Indication (In United States unless otherwise noted)
Year Approved (US)
Year Approved (EU)
Additional Information


ALPROLIX™ [Coagulation Factor IX (Recombinant), Fc Fusion Protein]
Control and prevention of bleeding episodes, perioperative management and routine prophylaxis in adults and children with hemophilia B
2014
1993
Also approved in Canada and Australia.
Biogen and Swedish Orphan Biovitrum (Sobi) are collaborators in the development and commercialization of ALPROLIX. [21]



AVONEX® (interferon beta-1a)
Relapsing forms of multiple sclerosis
1996
1997
Includes the AVONEX PEN auto-injector and the AVOSTARTGRIP titration kit approved in the U.S. in 2012.[22]


ELOCTATE™ [Antihemophilic Factor (Recombinant), Fc Fusion Protein]
Control and prevention of bleeding episodes, perioperative (surgical) management and routine prophylaxis in adults and children with hemophilia A
2014
1999
Biogen and Swedish Orphan Biovitrum (Sobi) are collaborators in the development and commercialization of ELOCTATE.[23]


FAMPYRA® (prolonged-release fampridine tablets)
Multiple sclerosis (Walking ability)
2010
2011
Marketed by Biogen in markets outside of the United States.
Commercialized in the United States as AMPYRA (dalfampridine) Extended Release Tablets, by Acorda Therapeutics.[24]



FUMADERM™ (fumaric acid esters)
Psoriasis German use

1994 (Germany only)
Approved in Germany.
Acquired in acquisition of Fumapharm AG in 2006.[25]



GAZYVA® (obinutuzumab)
Chronic lymphocytic leukemia
2013
2014
The first medicine approved with the FDA’s Breakthrough Therapy Designation and is also currently in Phase 3 trials for NHL and diffuse large B-cell lymphoma.
Currently commercialized in the United States by Genentech, a wholly owned subsidiary of Roche.[26]



SPINRAZA™ (nusinersen)
Spinal muscular atrophy
2016
—
The first drug approved for the treatment of spinal muscular atrophy, developed in collaboration with Ionis Pharmaceuticals. EU approval process under way.[27][28]


PLEGRIDY™ (peginterferon beta-1a)
Relapsing forms of multiple sclerosis
2014[29]
2014[30]



RITUXAN® (rituximab)
Non-Hodgkin's Lymphoma (NHL)
Anti-TNF Refractory Rheumatoid Arthritis
ANCA-Associated Vasculitis
Chronic lymphocytic leukemia

1997[31]
2006[32]
2011[33]

1998 (as MabThera)
The first monoclonal antibody for cancer developed by IDEC, prior to merging with Biogen.
Currently commercialized by Roche and its subsidiary, Genentech.



TECFIDERA® (dimethyl fumarate)
Relapsing forms of multiple sclerosis
2013[34]
2014[35]



TYSABRI® (natalizumab)
Relapsing-remitting multiple sclerosis
2004 Re-introduced in 2006
2006
Full rights purchased from partner Elan in 2013.[36]


Pipeline[edit]
Biogen has focused its R&D efforts on the discovery and development of treatments for patients with high unmet medical needs in the areas of neurology, hematology and immunology.
Investigational MS medicines:

Daclizumab High-Yield Process (DAC HYP): is being developed as a potential once-monthly subcutaneous injection in the treatment of relapsing-remitting multiple sclerosis (RRMS). DAC HYP is being developed in collaboration with Abbvie, Inc. In June 2014, the companies announced positive top-line results from the Phase III DECIDE clinical trial, where DAC HYP demonstrated superiority over interferon beta-1a in annualized relapse rate.[37]
Anti-LINGO-1 (BIIB033) (Opicinumab): is the first candidate being investigated for its potential to remyelinate and repair neurons damaged by MS, currently in Phase 2 trials.[38]

Biogen has several candidates in Phase 1 and 2 clinical trials in neurodegenerative and immunological diseases including MS, Alzheimer’s disease, neuropathic pain, spinal muscular atrophy and lupus nephritis:

Phase 2a: anti-LINGO-1 molecule (Opicinumab) in acute optic neuritis
Phase 2b: anti-TWEAK monoclonal antibody in lupus nephritis
Phase 2a: STX-100 in patients with idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis
Phase 2: Neublastin for neuropathic pain in 2013
Phase 3:[39] BIIB037 (Aducanumab), Biogen’s first clinical study in Alzheimer’s disease
Phase 1/2: BIIB067 (ISIS-SOD1Rx) for Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis (ALS), in collaboration with Ionis

Biogen also has several development agreements in place with Ionis Pharmaceuticals to collaborate to leverage antisense technology in advancing the treatment of neurological disorders.[40]
In February 2012, Biogen formalized a joint venture with Samsung, creating Samsung Bioepis. This joint venture brings Biogen’s expertise and capabilities in protein engineering, cell line development, and recombinant biologics manufacturing to position the joint venture so Biogen can participate in the emerging market for biosimilars.[41]
In early 2014, Biogen entered into an agreement with Eisai, Inc., to jointly develop and commercialize two of their candidates for Alzheimer’s disease, which have the potential to reduce Aβ plaques that form in the brains of patients, as well as to slow the formation of new plaques, potentially improving symptoms and suppressing disease progression.[42]
References[edit]


^ a b "Biogen Inc. 10-K report 2015". Securities and Exchange Commission. Retrieved November 6, 2016.
^ "Biotech's Comeback Kid". Forbes. Retrieved 2012-12-04. 
^ "Idec to Merge With Biogen in $6.8 Billion Deal". New York Times. Retrieved 2003-06-24. 
^ "Biogen Drops Idec From Name". Wall Street Journal. Retrieved 2015-03-23. 
^ "Biogen Idec Inc. Stock Quote & Summary Data". NASDAQ. 
^ http://www.pharmatimes.com/news/biogen_idec_agrees_to_buy_swiss_company_fumapharm_996746
^ http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20060531005276/en/Biogen-Idec-Acquire-Fumapharm-AG-Consolidates-Ownership
^ http://www.fiercebiotech.com/biotech/biogen-to-buy-syntonix-120m-deal
^ http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20070104005533/en/Biogen-Idec-Acquire-Syntonix
^ https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2013-02-06/biogen-to-pay-elan-3-25-billion-for-full-tysabri-rights
^ "Biogen Idec Snaps Up Convergence for Up-to-$675M - GEN News Highlights - GEN". 
^ "Biogen is cutting 11% of its workforce". 
^ D'Souza, Savio (May 3, 2016). "Biogen to spin off hemophilia drug business into a public company". Reuters. Retrieved May 3, 2016. 
^ "Amid takeover chatter, Biogen introduces hemophilia spinoff Bioverativ - FiercePharma". 
^ http://www.businesswire.com/news/financialpost/20160809005296/en/Biogen-Announces-Bioverativ-Hemophilia-Focused-Company
^ "Biogen unveils name for hemophilia drug spinoff: Bioverativ - The Boston Globe". 
^ "Biogen Announces Bioverativ as Name of New Hemophilia-Focused Company - Biogen Media". 
^ "Biogen Idec Inc (BIIB) Top Compensated Officers". Business Week. Retrieved 2014-04-14. 
^ "Biogen Announces Departure of Tony Kingsley | Business Wire". www.businesswire.com. Retrieved 2015-10-13. 
^ "Biogen Idec (BIIB) Chairman Young to Retire". StreetInsider.com. Retrieved 2014-02-18. 
^ "Does Biogen Idec Inc Have a New Blockbuster Hemophilia Therapy?". The Motley Fool. Retrieved 2014-07-04. 
^ "Avonex". National MS Society. 
^ "Biogen Idec’s Eloctate gains FDA approval". The Pharma Letter. Retrieved 2014-09-06. 
^ "Fampridine (Fampyra)". MS Trust. 
^ "Biogen Idec enters deal to acquire Fumapharm". First Word Pharma. Retrieved 2006-05-31. 
^ "FDA approves Gazyva for chronic lymphocytic leukemia". FDA.gov. Retrieved 2013-01-11. 
^ Wadman, Meredith (23 December 2016). "Updated: FDA approves drug that rescues babies with fatal neurodegenerative disease". Science. 
^ Grant, Charley (2016-12-27). "Surprise Drug Approval Is Holiday Gift for Biogen". Wall Street Journal. ISSN 0099-9660. Retrieved 2016-12-27. 
^ "Biogen Idec’s PLEGRIDY™(Peginterferon Beta-1a) Approved in the US for the Treatment of Multiple Sclerosis". Reuters. 
^ "Biogen Idec’s Plegridy approved in Europe for relapsing-remitting multiple sclerosis". The Pharma Letter. 
^ "FDA Approval for Rituximab". National Cancer Institute. 
^ "UPDATE 1-Roche, Biogen end dispute over Rituxan follow-ons". Reuters. Retrieved 2010-10-21. 
^ "FDA approves Rituxan to treat two rare disorders". FDA.gov. Retrieved 2011-04-19. 
^ "Cell Therapeutics buys Zevalin from Biogen Idec for $10M, with up to $20M extra plus milestones". The Pharma Letter. Retrieved 2007-09-03. 
^ "Tecifedra". National MS Society. 
^ "Tysabri". National MS Society. 
^ "Once-monthly MS drug from Biogen Idec, AbbVie clears Phase III hurdle". Fierce Biotech. Retrieved 2013-04-08. 
^ "Lingo: a promising remyelination target in MS". Multiple Sclerosis Research. Retrieved 2014-06-16. 
^ "Aducanumab Reduces Amyloid Plaques in Early Alzheimer's". PRIME. 
^ "Isis Pharmaceuticals and Biogen Idec". Fierce Biotech. 
^ "Biogen Sees Eloctate FDA Delay Pushing Marketing to Mid-2014". BusinessWeek. Retrieved 2013-12-11. 
^ "Isis Pharmaceuticals and Biogen Idec". Fierce Biotech. 


External links[edit]

Official website



Business data for Biogen: Google Finance
Yahoo! Finance
Reuters
SEC filings










v
t
e


Companies of the NASDAQ-100 index






21st Century Fox
Activision Blizzard
Adobe Systems
Akamai Technologies
Alexion Pharmaceuticals
Alphabet
Amazon.com
American Airlines Group
Amgen
Analog Devices
Apple
Applied Materials
Autodesk
Automatic Data Processing
Baidu
Biogen
BioMarin Pharmaceutical
Broadcom Limited
CA Technologies
Celgene
Cerner
Charter Communications
Check Point
Cintas
Cisco Systems
Citrix Systems
Cognizant
Comcast
Costco
CSX
Ctrip.com International
Dentsply Sirona
Discovery Communications
Dish Network
Dollar Tree
eBay
Electronic Arts
Expedia
Express Scripts
Facebook
Fastenal
Fiserv
Gilead Sciences
Hasbro
Henry Schein
Hologic
Idexx Laboratories
Illumina
Incyte
Intel
Intuit
Intuitive Surgical
J. B. Hunt Transport Services
JD.com
KLA-Tencor
Kraft Heinz
Lam Research
Liberty Global
Liberty Interactive
Marriott International
Mattel
Maxim Integrated Products
MercadoLibre
Microchip Technology
Micron Technology
Microsoft
Mondelez International
Monster Beverage
Mylan
NetEase
Netflix
Norwegian Cruise Line
Nvidia
O'Reilly Auto Parts
Paccar
Paychex
PayPal
Qualcomm
Regeneron
Ross Stores
Seagate Technology
Shire
Sirius XM Holdings
Skyworks Solutions
Starbucks
Symantec
T-Mobile US
Tesla, Inc.
Texas Instruments
The Priceline Group
Tractor Supply Company
Ulta Beauty
Verisk Analytics
Vertex Pharmaceuticals
Viacom
Vodafone
Walgreens Boots Alliance
Western Digital
Wynn Resorts
Xilinx












v
t
e


Pharmaceutical companies of the United States



Current



Abbott Laboratories
Acorda Therapeutics
Aderis Pharmaceuticals
Advaxis
Alcon
Alexion Pharmaceuticals
Alkermes
Allergan
Amgen
Avax Technologies
Baxter International
BioCryst Pharmaceuticals
Biogen
Bioverativ
Biovest
Biovista
Bristol-Myers Squibb
Century Pharmaceuticals
Ceragenix Pharmaceuticals
Combe Incorporated
Cortex Pharmaceuticals
CytoSport
CytRx
Danco Laboratories
Eli Lilly and Company
Elorac
Endo Pharmaceuticals

Par Pharmaceutical


Galena Biopharma
GenVec
Genentech
Gilead Sciences
Institute for OneWorld Health
Intercept Pharmaceuticals
Johnson & Johnson

Ethicon
Janssen Biotech
McNeil Consumer Healthcare
Ortho-McNeil Pharmaceutical


Kinetic Concepts
Mallinckrodt
McKesson Corporation
Melinta Therapeutics (formerly Rib-X Pharmaceuticals)
Melior Discovery
Mentholatum
Merck & Co.
Mylan
Myriad Genetics
Northwest Biotherapeutics
Norwich Pharma Services
NovaBay Pharmaceuticals
Ovation Pharmaceuticals
Perrigo
Pfizer

Hospira
Searle


Pharmaceutical Product Development
Prasco Laboratories
Procter & Gamble
Proteon Therapeutics
Purdue Pharma
Quark Pharmaceuticals
Regeneron
Repros Therapeutics
Sarepta Therapeutics
Savage Laboratories
Sheffield Pharmaceuticals
Spectrum Pharmaceuticals
Tec Laboratories
Teva Pharmaceutical Industries

Actavis
TAPI


Tiens Biotech Group
Titan Pharmaceuticals
Trevena Inc
Upsher-Smith Laboratories
Valeant Pharmaceuticals

Bausch & Lomb


Ventria Bioscience
Vertex Pharmaceuticals
West Pharmaceutical Services





Former



Alza
Amylin Pharmaceuticals
ARIAD Pharmaceuticals
Biolex
Bradley Pharmaceuticals
CancerVax
Cephalon
CoTherix
Covance
Covidien
Cubist Pharmaceuticals
Cutter Laboratories
DNAPrint Genomics
Epix Pharmaceuticals
Forest Laboratories
Genta
ImClone Systems
ISTA Pharmaceuticals
King Pharmaceuticals
KV Pharmaceutical
Leiner Health Products
Martek Biosciences Corporation
S. E. Massengill Company
Miles Laboratories
Naurex
Nereus Pharmaceuticals
Nuvelo
Organon International
Ortho Pharmaceutical
OSI Pharmaceuticals
Parke-Davis
Qualitest
Schering-Plough
Smith, Kline & French
Sterling Drug
Tanox
TAP Pharmaceutical Products
Trubion
Upjohn
Verus Pharmaceuticals
Vion Pharmaceuticals, Inc.
ViroPharma
Wyeth
Zonite Products Corporation








List of pharmaceutical companies








Companies portal


Coordinates: 42°21′58.3″N 71°5′13.2″W﻿ / ﻿42.366194°N 71.087000°W﻿ / 42.366194; -71.087000




 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Biogen&oldid=790095654"					
Categories: Companies in the NASDAQ-100 IndexCompanies listed on NASDAQCompanies in the NASDAQ Biotechnology IndexCompanies based in Cambridge, MassachusettsBiotechnology companies of the United StatesNational Medal of Technology recipientsPharmaceutical companies of the United StatesPharmaceutical companies established in 20032003 establishments in MassachusettsOrphan drug companiesLife sciences industry1978 establishments in SwitzerlandBiotechnology companies established in 1978Spinal muscular atrophyCompanies formed by mergerHealth care companies based in MassachusettsHidden categories: Pages using infobox company with unsupported parametersCoordinates not on Wikidata 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


العربيةDeutschفارسیFrançaisPortuguêsSuomi中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 11 July 2017, at 15:46.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









 About | Executive Leadership






































 























AVONEX® 
interferon beta-1a






FAMPYRA®
prolonged-release fampridine tablets






PLEGRIDY®
peginterferon beta-1a






TECFIDERA®
dimethyl fumarate






TYSABRI®
natalizumab






ZINBRYTA®
daclizumab






SPINRAZA®
nusinersen






BENEPALI® 
Etanercept






FLIXABI®
Infliximab






GAZYVA®
obinutuzumab






RITUXAN®
rituximab




x






                            Corporate HQ
                        





                            International HQ
                        





                            Argentina
                        





                            Australia
                        





                            Austria
                        





                            Belgium
                        





                            Brazil
                        





                            Canada
                        





                            Chile
                        





                            Czech Republic
                        





                            Denmark
                        





                            Finland
                        





                            France
                        





                            Germany
                        





                            Hungary
                        





                            Ireland
                        





                            Italy
                        





                            Japan
                        





                            The Netherlands
                        





                            New Zealand
                        





                            Norway
                        





                            Poland
                        





                            Portugal
                        





                            Slovak Republic
                        





                            Slovenia
                        





                            Spain
                        





                            Sweden
                        





                            Switzerland
                        





                            United Kingdom
                        



x












                Menu
            

                Close
            














                        About Us
                        




                                About Us
                                




                                Overview
                            



                                    About Biogen
                                



                                    A Leader In Multiple Sclerosis
                                



                                    Executive Leadership
                                



                                    Board of Directors
                                



                                    History
                                



                                    Manufacturing
                                



                                    Biosimilars
                                



                                    Positions & Policy
                                



                                    Perspectives
                                



                                    Contact Us
                                



                                    Governance
                                





                        Research & Pipeline 
                        




                                Research & Pipeline 
                                




                                Overview
                            



                                    Pipeline
                                



                                    Clinical Trials
                                



                                    Access to Investigational Therapies
                                



                                    BiogenScience
                                



                                    Areas of Research
                                



                                    Postdoc Program
                                



                                    Collaborations
                                



                                    Medical Research portal
                                





                        Therapies
                        




                                Therapies
                                




                                Overview
                            



Multiple Sclerosis




Spinal Muscular Atrophy




Biosimilars




Partnered






                        Global Impact
                        




                                Global Impact
                                




                                Overview
                            



                                    Science that matters
                                



                                    Biogen Foundation
                                



                                    Community Lab
                                



                                    Supplier Diversity
                                



                                    Grants Office
                                





                        Newsroom
                        




                                Newsroom
                                




                                Newsroom
                            



                                    Latest Press Releases
                                



                                    Events and Webcasts
                                




                    Patients 
                    


                    Medical Professionals 
                    


                    Careers
                    


                    Investors 
                    



                    Therapy Sites
                    





                            Therapy Sites
                            





AVONEX® 




FAMPYRA®




PLEGRIDY®




TECFIDERA®




TYSABRI®




ZINBRYTA®




SPINRAZA®




BENEPALI® 




FLIXABI®




GAZYVA®




RITUXAN®






                    Global Sites
                    





                            Global Sites
                                





                                Corporate HQ
                            



                                International HQ
                            



                                Argentina
                            



                                Australia
                            



                                Austria
                            



                                Belgium
                            



                                Brazil
                            



                                Canada
                            



                                Chile
                            



                                Czech Republic
                            



                                Denmark
                            



                                Finland
                            



                                France
                            



                                Germany
                            



                                Hungary
                            



                                Ireland
                            



                                Italy
                            



                                Japan
                            



                                The Netherlands
                            



                                New Zealand
                            



                                Norway
                            



                                Poland
                            



                                Portugal
                            



                                Slovak Republic
                            



                                Slovenia
                            



                                Spain
                            



                                Sweden
                            



                                Switzerland
                            



                                United Kingdom
                            


















                                About Us
                            



                                Research & Pipeline 
                            



                                Therapies
                            



                                Global Impact
                            



                                Newsroom
                            
















Home
Through cutting-edge science and medicine, Biogen discovers, develops and delivers worldwide innovative therapies for people living with serious neurological and neurodegenerative diseases.

x


About Us
At Biogen, we develop, market and manufacture therapies for people living with serious neurological, autoimmune and rare diseases. 
Explore About Us 



                                About Biogen
                                
                            



                                A Leader In Multiple Sclerosis
                                
                            



                                Executive Leadership
                                
                            



                                Board of Directors
                                
                            



                                History
                                
                            



                                Manufacturing
                                
                            



                                Biosimilars
                                
                            



                                Positions & Policy
                                
                            



                                Perspectives
                                
                            



                                Contact Us
                                
                            



                                Governance
                                



x


Research & Pipeline 
We aspire to have the greatest impact on patients and science of any biotechnology company in the history of our industry. To us, that means creating novel medicines that benefit individuals and society, and bringing new scientific understanding to diseases for which there are no adequate treatments.
Explore Research & Pipeline



                                Pipeline
                                
                            



                                Clinical Trials
                                
                            



                                Access to Investigational Therapies
                                
                            



                                BiogenScience
                                
                            



                                Areas of Research
                                
                            



                                Postdoc Program
                                
                            



                                Collaborations
                                
                            



                                Medical Research portal
                                



x


Therapies
We develop and provide therapies to people living with serious diseases, like multiple sclerosis.
Explore Therapies



Multiple Sclerosis




AVONEX® 




FAMPYRA®




PLEGRIDY®




TECFIDERA®




TYSABRI®




ZINBRYTA®






Spinal Muscular Atrophy




SPINRAZA®






Biosimilars




BENEPALI® 




FLIXABI®






Partnered




GAZYVA®




RITUXAN®





x


Global Impact
Working to make a positive impact for our patients, the communities where we work and live, and for society.
Explore Global Impact



                                Science that matters
                                
                            



                                Biogen Foundation
                                
                            



                                Community Lab
                                
                            



                                Supplier Diversity
                                
                            



                                Grants Office
                                



x


Newsroom
Explore Biogen’s latest news releases and media resources.
Explore Newsroom



                                Latest Press Releases
                                




                                Events and Webcasts
                                



x


Patients
We work to transform the lives of the patients we serve. Meeting their individual needs is what drives our science and provides our focus.




                                Supporting Patients
                                
                            



                                Supporting Patients
                                
                            


x


Medical Professionals
At Biogen, we work with healthcare professionals to ensure the therapies we create can reach those that need them.




                                Disclosure
                                
                            


x


Careers
Everyone at Biogen plays a vital role in the discovery and delivery of breakthrough therapies. Explore career opportunities at Biogen.




                                Internship & Co-Op
                                
                            



                                Disclosure Disclaimer
                                
                            



                                Fraudulent Job Postings
                                
                            


x


Investors
Find current and historical stock information, financial statements and reports or view upcoming events and latest webcasts.
Read more



                                Annual Report 2014
                                
                            



                                Annual Report 2015
                                
                            



                                Annual Report 2016
                                
                            


x


Privacy policy
Our Privacy Policy outlines the policies and practices in place to safeguard personal information.

x


Terms & conditions
These terms and conditions of use describe the terms and conditions applicable to your use of Biogen Inc.’s (“Biogen”) website.

x


Forward-looking statements


x


Community guidelines
We use social media as part of our commitment to transparency and to provide information to our customers and stakeholders.

x


Sitemap


x


Search


x


404


x


Leadership Hub





                                Vounatsos, Michel
                                
                            



                                Alexander, Susan
                                
                            



                                Ehlers, Michael
                                
                            



                                Kress, Jean-Paul
                                
                            



                                McKenzie, Paul
                                
                            



                                Sandrock, Alfred
                                
                            



                                Papadopoulos, Stelios
                                
                            



                                Denner, Alexander
                                
                            



                                Dorsa, Caroline
                                
                            



                                Leaming, Nancy
                                
                            



                                Mulligan, Richard
                                
                            



                                Pangia, Robert
                                
                            



                                Posner, Brian
                                
                            



                                Rowinsky, Eric
                                
                            



                                Schenk, Lynn
                                
                            



                                Sherwin, Stephen
                                
                            



                                Vounatsos, Michel
                                
                            



                                Gregory, Ginger
                                
                            


x


Scientist Hub





                                Huang, Ron
                                
                            



                                Xiao, Guangqing
                                
                            



                                Dunah, Anthone
                                
                            



                                Peters, Rob
                                
                            



                                Otero-Gutierrez, Karel
                                
                            



                                Mikulskis, Alvydas
                                
                            



                                Goyal, Jaya
                                
                            



                                Silvian, Laura
                                
                            



                                Cosentino, Mark
                                
                            



                                Burkly, Linda
                                
                            



                                Wang, Qin
                                
                            



                                Mingueneau, Michaël
                                
                            



                                Arnold, Moore
                                
                            



                                Gardet, Agnès
                                
                            



                                Staropoli, John
                                
                            



                                Juhasz, Peter
                                
                            



                                Bussiere, Thierry 
                                
                            



                                Pepinsky, Robert Blake
                                
                            



                                Wei, Dong
                                
                            



                                Weinreb, Paul
                                
                            



                                Coomaraswamy, Janaky
                                
                            



                                Stevenson, Lauren
                                
                            



                                Rabah, Dania
                                
                            



                                Mi, Sha
                                
                            



                                Wipke, Brian
                                
                            



                                Sun, Chao
                                
                            



                                Shen, Chase
                                
                            



                                Lin, Edward
                                
                            



                                Gianni, Davide
                                
                            



                                Thankamony, Sai
                                
                            



                                Hamann, Stefan
                                
                            



                                Lalioti, Maria
                                
                            



                                Kankel, Mark
                                
                            



                                Sen, Anindya
                                
                            



                                Donelson, Nathan
                                
                            



                                Enyedy, Istvan
                                
                            



                                Trinh, Kien
                                
                            



                                Ryan, Sarah
                                
                            



                                Xin, Zhili
                                
                            



                                Arndt, Joe
                                
                            



                                Ren, Shuyu
                                
                            



                                Cahir-McFarland, Ellen
                                
                            



                                Li, Kejie
                                
                            



                                Subramanyam, Meena 
                                
                            



                                Stebbins, Christopher 
                                
                            



                                Carulli, John
                                
                            



                                Weihofen, Andreas 
                                
                            



                                Larigan, Doug
                                
                            



                                McCampbell, Alexander
                                
                            



                                Cameron, Thomas
                                
                            



                                Narayanan, Sarav
                                
                            



                                Lydeard, John
                                
                            



                                Hronowski, Xiaoping
                                
                            



                                Wei, Ru
                                
                            



                                Martin, Jeffrey
                                
                            



                                Smith, Benjamin
                                
                            



                                Ehrenfels, Chris
                                
                            



                                Valencia, Antonio
                                
                            



                                McCurley, Amy
                                
                            



                                Rushe, Mia
                                
                            



                                Preyer, Martin
                                
                            



                                Bajrami, Bekim
                                
                            



                                Henderson, Chris
                                
                            



                                Ransohoff, Richard
                                
                            



                                Danos, Olivier
                                
                            


x


Therapies





                                <p>Multiple Sclerosis</p>

                                
                            



                                <p>Spinal Muscular Atrophy</p>

                                
                            



                                <p>Biosimilars</p>

                                
                            



                                <p>Partnered</p>

                                
                            


x


Story Hub





                                Craig
                                
                            



                                Melanie
                                
                            



                                Michelle
                                
                            



                                Richard
                                
                            



                                Daniel
                                
                            



                                Kate
                                
                            



                                Rosemarie
                                
                            


x


Our People Hub





                                Bob K.
                                
                            



                                Judann A.
                                
                            



                                Cherie B.
                                
                            



                                Pinky P.
                                
                            



                                Mike G.
                                
                            



                                Amanda M.
                                
                            



                                Vinay B.
                                
                            



                                EHS Award
                                
                            


x


Bioverativ privacy policy


x




























Executive Leadership




                    Corporate Governance
                    




View Board of Directors:




Board of Directors


Executive Leadership













Michel Vounatsos  
Chief Executive Officer















Susan Alexander 
Executive Vice President, Chief Legal, Corporate Services and Secretary















Michael Ehlers, M.D., Ph.D. 
Executive Vice President

Research & Development













Ginger Gregory, Ph.D. 
Executive Vice President and Chief Human Resources Officer















Jean-Paul Kress, M.D. 
Executive Vice President and President, International and Head of Global Therapeutic Operations















Paul McKenzie, Ph.D. 
Executive Vice President

Pharmaceutical Operations & Technology













Alfred Sandrock, Jr., M.D., Ph.D. 
Executive Vice President and Chief Medical Officer
























×




Important Notice:
You are now leaving Biogen’s corporate website.
We encourage you to read and evaluate terms of use, privacy, security and other similar policies of the destination site as they may differ from Biogen’s standards.
Third Party Sites
Biogen assumes no responsibility nor does it control, endorse or guarantee any aspect of your use of any third party sites. Additionally, the presence of this link does not imply the third party site's endorsement of Biogen or this website.
Thank you for visiting our site.
 



Cancel

Continue




































Biogen CEO George A. Scangos Becomes PhRMA Board Chairman | PhRMA



































Press Release
Biogen CEO George A. Scangos Becomes PhRMA Board Chairman


PhRMA
 March 10, 2016

SHARE THIS













Washington, D.C. (March 10, 2016) — Today, at the Pharmaceutical Research and Manufacturers of America (PhRMA) Board Meeting, new officers were elected to the board of directors. George A. Scangos, CEO, Biogen, was elected chairman of the PhRMA board. Joaquin Duato, worldwide chairman, pharmaceuticals, Johnson & Johnson was elected chairman-elect and Joseph Jimenez, CEO, Novartis AG assumed the role of board treasurer.
Scangos formerly held the position of chairman-elect and succeeds Kenneth C. Frazier chairman and CEO of Merck & Co., Inc. as PhRMA board chairman.
“I am pleased to welcome Dr. George Scangos as PhRMA board chairman and thank Ken Frazier for his leadership over the past year,” said PhRMA president and CEO, Stephen J. Ubl. “Our companies are committed to helping patients live longer, healthier lives and fostering the continued development of new treatments and cures for patients. As science and innovation rapidly evolves, George’s experience as a scientist and researcher coupled with his proven leadership will be a great asset to PhRMA and our industry. Together, we look forward to advancing pragmatic, pro-consumer policies that ensure innovation reaches patients.”
Dr. Scangos has served as CEO of Biogen since July 2010. He joined the company from Exelixis, Inc., where he served as president and CEO since October 1996. From 1987 to 1996, Scangos held various positions at Bayer, Inc., including senior vice president of research and development, and president of Bayer Biotechnology, where he was responsible for research, business development, process development, manufacturing, engineering and quality assurance of Bayer’s recombinant products. Before joining Bayer in 1987, he was professor of biology at Johns Hopkins University. Dr. Scangos received a B.A. in biology from Cornell University and a Ph.D. from the University of Massachusetts.
“We stand on the cusp of an amazing era of new medicines, better health and more affordable health care that will be enabled by those medicines,” said Scangos. “To make this promise a reality, our industry must be a contributor to policy solutions that address the entire system of health care costs and the challenges faced by patients in accessing the care they need.  
“I am honored to take on this new role and to work with stakeholders across industry, government and academia to help develop creative policy solutions required to translate scientific discoveries into meaningful treatments for patients.”
Joaquin Duato has served as worldwide chairman, pharmaceuticals, Johnson & Johnson, since January 2011. During his 27 year career at Johnson & Johnson, Joaquin has had experiences in sales, marketing and general management. Working across both pharmaceuticals and medical devices, he has held regional chairman roles and led local market businesses in multiple countries and regions. He is a member of the board of trustees for the international non-profit organization Save the Children. A native of Valencia, Spain, Duato holds an undergraduate degree in economics and master’s degrees in business administration from ESADE Business School in Barcelona and in international management from Thunderbird in Phoenix, Arizona.
“Our medicines offer hope to patients all over the world,” said Duato. “As we strive to innovate in our ability to conquer disease, we must continue to evolve and broaden patient access to the best treatments available. I look forward to furthering the work of our industry to bring new solutions and cures to patients.”
Jimenez has been CEO of Novartis since 2010. He joined the company in 2007 as division head, Novartis Consumer Health and held the position of division head, Novartis Pharmaceuticals prior to the role of CEO. Previously, he served as president and CEO of the North American and European businesses for the H.J. Heinz Company and on the board of directors of Colgate Palmolive Co. and AstraZeneca PLC. He currently serves on the board of General Motors Co. Jimenez holds a bachelor’s degree from Stanford University and a Master of Business Administration from the University of California, Berkeley.
“As our health care system continues to evolve, we must continue to focus on investment in research and development for the next generation of treatments for patients,” said Jimenez. “We must maintain an environment where innovation can thrive to deliver the best value to patients.”

 
About PhRMAThe Pharmaceutical Research and Manufacturers of America (PhRMA) represents the country’s leading innovative biopharmaceutical research companies, which are devoted to discovering and developing medicines that enable patients to live longer, healthier, and more productive lives. Since 2000, PhRMA member companies have invested more than $600 billion in the search for new treatments and cures, including an estimated $51.2 billion in 2014 alone.
Connect with PhRMAFor information on how innovative medicines save lives, please visit: www.PhRMA.org www.FromHopetoCures.org www.Facebook.com/PhRMA www.Twitter.com/PhRMA
















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft















Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...



First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search






  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results

Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip


What's Your Age?


Submit
I don't know

Skip























Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...



First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search





  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip






















Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...



First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search





  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip






















Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...



First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search





  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip






















Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...



First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search





  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip
















