


Investments - Ford Financial Fund LP


















































Investments





The banking industry is large and complex, with constantly shifting regulatory and operational challenges.  Our experience and ability to leverage key industry relationships allows us to source unique investment opportunities.  We have a successful record of adding value to our community bank investments by providing guidance on a wide range of topics, including:  business strategy, acquisitions and divestitures, commercial and consumer lending, credit administration and regulatory compliance.Our investment activity is specifically focused on banks – a sector in which we have broad experience and a history of success – and other financial services companies that could fit well in a bank.  Targeted areas for investment include, but are not limited to:  banks and other depository institutions, commercial finance companies, specialized consumer lenders and other financial service providers.We invest in a variety of opportunities, from healthy companies in need of growth equity to troubled banks that need to be recapitalized.  We have the flexibility to make both control and non-control investments.  Unlike most private equity funds, we are structured as a bank holding company and embrace serving as a source of strength for our investments.








Active Investment








Mechanics Bank (OTCQB: MCHB)
is an independent, full-service community bank that was established in 1905. With more than $5 billion in assets, Mechanics Bank is California’s premier community bank. Its 35 branch offices throughout Northern and Southern California provide a highly personalized relationship banking experience that includes consumer and business banking services, commercial lending, cash management services, and comprehensive trust and wealth management services. Mechanics Bank also operates CRB Auto, which is a relationship-based indirect auto lender that purchases auto contracts from both franchised and select independent automobile dealerships throughout 14 States—Arizona, California, Colorado, Idaho, Illinois, Iowa, Kansas, Missouri, Nevada, Oklahoma, Oregon, Texas, Utah, and Washington. Mechanics Bank is a Member FDIC institution. For more information, please visit www.mechanicsbank.com










Past Investments








Pacific Capital Bancorp (NASDAQ: PCBC)
was the publicly traded holding company of Santa Barbara Bank & Trust (“SBB&T”).  SBB&T provided a full line-up of community banking, commercial banking, and trust and wealth management products and services.  SBB&T had approximately $6 billion in assets and 45 branches along the central coast of California prior to its acquisition by Union Bank, a unit of Mitsubishi UFJ Financial Group, Inc.




Triad Financial (“Triad”)
was a provider of subprime automobile loans through dealers and direct to consumer, with $4 billion in assets at the time of its acquisition.  Triad was acquired in 2005 from Ford Motor Company by an investor group including Mr. Ford, GTCR Golder Rauner LLC and Goldman Sachs.




Golden State Bancorp Inc. (NYSE: GSB)
was the publicly traded holding company of California Federal Bank (“Cal Fed”), a full-service, community-oriented savings bank and diversified financial services company.  Through a series of acquisitions, Cal Fed became one of the largest California–based depository institutions, with over $54 billion in assets, 8,800 employees and 352 branches in California and Nevada.  Cal Fed also operated three wholly-owned subsidiaries, including a mortgage company (First Nationwide Mortgage Corporation) and an auto finance company (Auto One Acceptance Corporation).




First Gibraltar Bank, FSB (“First Gibraltar”)
was formed in 1988 by Mr. Ford, with financial backing from MacAndrews & Forbes Holdings Inc.  First Gibraltar acquired all of the assets and certain liabilities of eight insolvent thrifts as well as a mortgage banking operation from the Federal Savings & Loan Insurance Corporation and the Resolution Trust Corporation.  While Mr. Ford served as the Chairman and CEO, First Gibraltar became the largest thrift and fourth largest financial institution in Texas and Oklahoma.  During 1992 and 1993, First Gibraltar performed an orderly sale of assets, deposits, branches and its mortgage company to various acquirers, including Bank of America and Chase Manhattan Bank.




First United Bank Group, Inc. (“First United”)
was built by Mr. Ford over a span of 19 years.  In 1975, Mr. Ford purchased a controlling interest in his first bank, First National Bank of Post, Texas, with $25 million in total assets.  Between 1975 and 1994, Mr. Ford acquired 19 commercial banks throughout New Mexico and West Texas, building First United into a public multi-bank holding company with $3.8 billion of total assets.  First United was sold to Norwest Corp. (a predecessor to Wells Fargo) in 1994.














 





























 







Scape Investment Fund I LP - Pooled Investment Fund- Marsh  FormDs.com - SEC filings of fundraisings and investments in hedge funds, private equity firms, startups, and growing companies 











 FormDs.com 





 Newest
 Filter
 Local




 









Scape Investment Fund I LP

      Industry: Pooled Investment Fund
      (See others in industry)

Address:



    1211 Main Avenue #1 
    Durango, CO, 81301Phone: 970-317-0880 




Filings



Date
FilingType
Reported Sold
Incremental Cash 
Type
Exemptions
Link to Raw Filing




	2016-11-30


New


$210,000


$210,000


Other


06c 3C 3C.1


SEC link






Directors and Executives (Current and Past)



Name
Role



 Elizabeth Marsh 
 Executive 


 Ed Morlan 
 Executive 


 Roger Zaineratis 
 Executive 































 



 DoubleLine Shiller Enhanced CAPE Fund Opens to Investors 
         










    










 






 











 









DoubleLine Shiller Enhanced CAPE Fund Opens to Investors

		  Equity Strategy Based on Long-Term Stock Valuation Principles Developed by Dr. Robert ShillerFixed Income Strategy Actively Managed by DoubleLine CapitalDoubleLine CEO Jeffrey Gundlach and Jeffrey Sherman Serve as Portfolio Managers
		

Oct 31, 2013, 09:00 ET
		  		  									
						 from   DoubleLine 











 
















































 

 




















 


LOS ANGELES, Oct. 31, 2013 /PRNewswire/ -- The DoubleLine Shiller Enhanced CAPE (the Fund), a mutual fund combining active fixed income investment management by DoubleLine Capital LP with a stock market strategy incorporating value investing principles developed by Robert Shiller, opened today to investors. The no-load, open-end Fund is open to investors via I shares (DSEEX) and N shares (DSENX). 
Jeffrey Gundlach, Chief Executive Officer and Chief Investment Officer of DoubleLine, and Jeffrey Sherman, an asset allocation specialist at DoubleLine, are the portfolio managers of the Fund.
"The combination of DoubleLine and Robert Shiller in one investment strategy marks an innovative new opportunity for investors, one based on discipline and value," Mr. Gundlach said. "With its implementation of Dr. Shiller's long-term value strategy, the Fund complements the growth stock strategies launched by the DoubleLine Equity team earlier this year." 
"I am very pleased with today's launch," Dr. Shiller said. "The Fund allows investors to access the Shiller Barclays CAPE® US Sector Index in mutual fund format with DoubleLine, combining two complementary, value-orientated approaches across both equity and fixed income markets."
The Fund seeks to deliver a total return in excess of the Shiller Barclays CAPE® US Sector TR USD Index (the Index). DoubleLine will seek to invest 100% of the Fund's net assets in a debt instruments. Part of those holdings will be pledged as collateral against derivatives exposing the Fund to the four most undervalued sectors in the U.S. stock market as measured by the Cyclically Adjusted Price Earnings ratio (the CAPE® Ratio). Thus through leverage, the Fund seeks to have simultaneous exposures both to the Index and to debt securities, each in an amount potentially up to the value of the Fund's net assets.
The Index and the CAPE® Ratio incorporate principles of long-term stock investing distilled by Dr. Shiller. To the extent the derivatives strategy leaves a substantial portion of the Fund's assets available for other investment, DoubleLine will seek to manage the unreserved debt instruments to generate a supplemental source of long-term return. The Fund's holdings of debt instruments may be similar to those of the DoubleLine Core Fixed Income Fund, although the two portfolios are likely to differ in a number of respects (such as, for example, the amount of holdings in cash or short-term investments). DoubleLine may determine to invest a portion of Fund assets directly in the DoubleLine Core Fixed Income Fund in lieu of investing directly in a portfolio of debt instruments.
About Robert Shiller
Sterling Professor of Economics at Yale University and Professor of Finance at Yale School of Management, Dr. Shiller has conducted research on financial markets, asset prices and macroeconomics. His work includes breakthrough findings on the relationship of stock price volatility to long-term returns. In 1981, Dr. Shiller set the stage for the Cyclically Adjusted Price Earnings ratio (the CAPE® Ratio) in his paper, "Do Stock Prices Move Too Much to Be Justified by Subsequent Movements in Dividends?" published by the American Economic Review. The concept formed the basis of Dr. Shiller's New York Times bestseller, Irrational Exuberance, in 2000. Along with his colleague Karl Case, Dr. Shiller also is well-known for devising methodologies that are widely used today to measure single-family home market prices. House price indices based on their repeat-sales methodology were first published by their firm, Case Shiller Weiss, in 1991, later becoming the Standard & Poor's/Case-Shiller Home Price Indices in 2006.
About DoubleLine Capital LP and the Portfolio Managers
DoubleLine Capital LP is a registered investment adviser under the Investment Advisers Act of 1940. The firm and its affiliates ("DoubleLine") managed approximately $53 billion in assets held in closed- and open-end 1940 Act funds, variable annuities, separate accounts, hedge funds and UCITS as of the end of September 2013. DoubleLine is headquartered is in Los Angeles, CA. The firm was founded in December 2009 by Jeffrey Gundlach and Philip Barach. Today DoubleLine employs more than 105 people.
Jeffrey Gundlach is Chief Executive Officer and Chief Investment Officer of DoubleLine. Jeffrey Sherman is a portfolio manager and asset allocation specialist. In managing the DoubleLine Shiller Enhanced CAPE fund, they work closely with DoubleLine's investment teams specializing in different sectors of the fixed income universe.
DoubleLine's offices can be reached by telephone at (213) 633-8200 or by e-mail at info@doubleline.com. Media can reach DoubleLine by e-mail at media@doubleline.com. DoubleLine® is a registered trademark of DoubleLine Capital LP. 
The Fund's investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses must be considered carefully before investing.  The statutory and summary prospectus contain this and other important information about the investment company and may be obtained by calling 1 (877) 354-6311/1 (877) DLINE11, or visiting www.doublelinefunds.com.  Read carefully before investing.
The DoubleLine Shiller Enhanced CAPE Fund may invest in foreign securities which involve greater volatility and political, economic and currency risks and differences in accounting methods. These risks are greater for investments in emerging markets. In order to achieve its investment objectives, the Fund may use certain types of exchange traded funds or investment derivatives. Derivatives involve risks different from, and in certain cases, greater than the risks presented by more traditional investments. Derivatives may involve certain costs and risks such as liquidity, interest rate, market, credit, management and the risk that a position could not be closed when most advantageous. Investing in derivatives could lose more than the amount invested.. ETF investments involve additional risks such as the market price trading at a discount to its net asset value, an active secondary trading market may not develop or be maintained, or trading may be halted by the exchange in which they trade, which may impact a fund's ability to sell its shares.  Investments in debt securities typically decrease in value when interest rates rise. This risk is usually greater for longer-term debt securities. Investments in Asset-Backed and Mortgage-Backed securities include additional risks that investors should be aware of including credit risk, prepayment risk, possible illiquidity and default, as well as increase susceptibility to adverse economic developments. Investments in lower-rated and non-rated securities present a greater risk of loss to principal and interest than higher-rated securities. The Fund may also invest in securities related to real estate, which may decline in value as a result of factors affecting the real estate industry.  Equities may decline in value due to both real and perceived general market, economic and industry conditions. The fund may make short sales of securities, which involves the risk that losses may exceed the original amount invested.
While the Fund is no-load, management fees and other expenses still apply.
Definitions:
The Shiller Barclays CAPE US Sector TR USD Index incorporates the principles of long-term investing distilled by Dr. Robert Shiller and expressed through the CAPE (Cyclically Adjusted Price Earnings) ratio (the "CAPE Ratio").  It aims to identify undervalued sectors based on a modified CAPE Ratio, and then uses momentum to eliminate potential value traps.
The CAPE Ratio (Cyclically Adjusted Price Earnings) is used to assess equity markets valuations and averages ten years of reporting earnings to account for earnings and market cycles.  
Barclays Capital Inc. and its affiliates ("Barclays") is not the issuer or producer of DoubleLine Shiller Enhanced CAPE ® (the "Fund") and Barclays has no responsibilities, obligations or duties to investors in the Fund. The Shiller Barclays CAPE® US Sector USD Index (the "Index") is a trademark owned by Barclays Bank PLC and licensed for use by the Fund. While the Fund may execute transaction(s) with Barclays in or relating to the Index, Fund investors acquire interests solely in the Fund and investors neither acquire any interest in the Index nor enter into any relationship of any kind whatsoever with Barclays upon making an investment in the Fund. The Fund is not sponsored, endorsed, sold or promoted by Barclays and Barclays makes no representation regarding the advisability of the  Fund or use of the Index or any data included therein. Barclays shall not be liable in any way to the Fund, investors or to other third parties in respect of the use or accuracy of the Index or any data included therein.
The Shiller Barclays CAPE® US Index Family (the "Index Family") has been developed in part by RSBB-I, LLC, the research principal of which is Robert J. Shiller. RSBB-I, LLC is not an investment advisor and does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the Index Family or any data or methodology either included therein or upon which it is based. RSBB-I, LLC shall have no liability for any errors, omissions or interruptions therein and makes no warranties expressed or implied, as to the performance or results experienced by any party from the use of any information included therein or upon which it is based, and expressly disclaims all warranties of the merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose with respect thereto, and shall not be liable for any claims or losses of any nature in connection with the use of such information, including but not limited to, lost profits or punitive or consequential damages even, if RSBB-I, LLC is advised of the possibility of same.
DoubleLine Funds are distributed by Quasar Distributors, LLC.  
 SOURCE  DoubleLine  




  

 View Table Fullscreen 




  View Table Fullscreen 





Journalists and Bloggers
The news you need, when you need it.
 
Join PR Newswire for Journalists to access all of the free services designated to make your job easier.
In need of subject matter experts for your story? Submit a free ProfNet request and find the sources you need.
LEARN MORE




 

 
 



















































  











Nov 01, 2013, 08:00 ET
Preview: DoubleLine Opportunistic Credit Fund Declares November 2013 Distribution













Oct 21, 2013, 15:58 ET
Preview: DoubleLine Floating Rate Fund Webcast Scheduled for Tuesday October 22






My News


  Release contains wide tables.	  View fullscreen.






 Read More





Jul 03, 2017, 09:00 ET
DoubleLine's Messrs. Sherman and Lau Hold a Wide-Ranging Talk...








Jul 03, 2017, 09:00 ET
DoubleLine Income Solutions Fund Declares July 2017 Distribution








Jul 03, 2017, 09:00 ET
DoubleLine Opportunistic Credit Fund Declares July 2017...











Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire?
Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform.
Sign up to get started
Request more information
Have an account? Log In

 















Search











Searching for your content...









Advanced Search












































 


 


Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











Bridge Investment Fund LP: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback























bridge investment fund lp
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: Financials
Industry: Asset Management
Sub-Industry: Private Equity
Bridge Investment Fund, L.P. operates as a venture capital firm. The Company invests in the medical device companies. Bridge Investment Fund serves clients worldwide.




Corporate Information
Address:

11000 Cedar Avenue
Suite 100
Cleveland, OH 44106
United States


Phone:
1-216-658-5470


Fax:
1-216-658-3998


Web url:
www.bridgefundllc.com























From The Web












Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data





































SCAPE Investment Fund I LP raises $230,000 | SCAPE





















































SW Colorado Accelerator Program for Entrepreneurs









SCAPE News















SCAPE Investment Fund I LP raises $230,000


News



Local Angel Investors and Economic Development groups have raised $230,000 through the new SCAPE Investment Fund I LP to provide equity investments in the 2015 and the 2016 SCAPE companies.  Many thanks for this local support!






 




















































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











	Search Engine Marketing (SEM) - Bing Ads








































































































Skip to content











Sign upSign in


 


















You run your business. We'll help find your customers.
Bing Ads can help build your business and drive your success. Spend $25 and get $100 in advertising credit.†

†Offer details




Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.







Coupon code class

First name:

Last name:

Email:

Your website URL

Business phone



*Required
Microsoft may contact you to provide updates and special offers about Bing Ads. You can unsubscribe at any time. To learn more you can read the privacy statement.
Type the code from the image:

Enter security code:







             























×
Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.


†Offer Details: Offer expires December 31, 2017.  Valid only for new Bing Ads customers who are first party recipients of the offer email. A new Bing Ads customer is one that has not advertised on Bing Ads before. Enter promotional coupon code and spend $25 (applies to threshold and prepaid accounts) to receive $100 in Bing Ads credits. Limit one promotion code per new Bing Ads customer. Promotional code must be redeemed within thirty (30) days of Bing Ads new customer account creation. Ad campaign costs accrued before receiving a credit, as well as costs accrued after all credits are used, will be charged to the payment method associated with the Bing Ads account. If customer payment fails, the coupon amount will not be applied.  Ads will continue to run and accrue costs after any promotional credit has been used up. Any portion of the credit not used within ninety (90) days of credit redemption will expire and can't be carried over even if the Bing Ads Customer switches their payment method. Offer valid only to residents of the United States. In order for the offer to be valid, a form of payment must be entered into your account prior to redemption of the promotional code and prior to your account going live to take advantage of the credit. This offer may not be combined with any other offer, promotional code coupon or discount, separated, redeemed for cash, transferred, sold, or bartered. Microsoft, in its sole discretion, can close your account for any suspected coupon abuse. Refund of the $25 is not permitted.  See Bing Ads Terms and Conditions for more details at sign-up. Other terms and conditions may apply.  Microsoft reserves the right to cancel, change, or suspend this offer at any time without notice.









See how Bing Ads works



Customers search


Customers see your ad


Customers contact you


Watch how Bing Ads works  
 








×
How Bing Ads works

















Help more customers find you
See how Bing can attract customers your Google AdWords campaigns can't.

Reach 137 million searchers on the Bing Network.1
Tap into 32.9% of the search marketplace.2
Get in front of searchers who spend 16 percent more than the average internet searcher.2











Powerful network. Powerful benefits.



Reach across devicesConnect with customers looking for your business anytime, anywhere, on any device.


Go global or localReach people in the Bing Network everywhere or focus on cities, counties and areas within a certain distance from your business.


Easy to importIf you're already using another product like Google Adwords, it's easy to pull that campaign into Bing Ads.








You control your costs

 Free sign-upJoin Bing Ads for free and control your account at every step.


 Only pay for clicksPay just when customers click on your ad. No click, no charge.


 No minimum feeStart advertising with a budget that works best for your business.









 



The advantage we gain in cost per click gives us a great return on investment — more than 35 percent better than Google AdWords.
Scott Redgate, search engine marketing manager — CJ Pony Parts
By using Bing Ads features like Image Extensions and Sitelink Extensions, this auto parts retailer races to convert customers and beat its competition.

 Read about driving more conversions







 



We might not get as much of the volume as with Google AdWords, but the volume of the traffic that we get converts really well at a lower cost.
Scott Schult, Executive Vice President of Marketing — Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau
The Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau uses Bing Ads to drive site traffic and tourism at lower cost.

 Read about getting better ROI








Better results for less cost. That's as simple as I can make it. If I look at the quality of the traffic we get for the dollars we spend on Bing Ads, our ROI is fantastic.
Alex Littlewood, CEO   Motoroso
Motoroso, a market network for auto enthusiasts, gets better results for less cost and reaches a high-value audience with Bing Ads.

 Read about attracting quality traffic



 









Import your AdWords campaigns

Save time by importing your Google AdWords campaigns into Bing Ads to get ads live quickly.


Sign in with your Microsoft account (or create one) to get started on Bing Ads.


From within the Bing Ads interface, select the Import from Google AdWords option.


Enter your Google AdWords credentials and select the campaign you want to import.










Preview your ad

Get found online with search engine marketing. Make the most of your marketing dollars and drive customers to your business.
See how Bing Ads can work for you




















Get started today
Give us a few details about your business to create a Bing Ads account and get it up and running.


  
Sign up
Get started with Bing Ads 
Signing up is always free.













FAQ


Is Bing Ads right for me?

Is Bing Ads right for my business?
All types of businesses find value and success with Bing Ads. Whether you're focused on local calls and foot traffic, or want to drive traffic to your website from across the country or around the world. Bing Ads has solutions for you.
I already appear in search results for free. Why should I pay for advertising?
Your current customers may search for your business by name, aiming it easy to find you in search results. But customers you've yet to reach are more likely searching for general terms that wouldn't necessarily bring up your business in search results. Advertising next to relevant Bing search results puts your business front and center with interested customers you otherwise might not reach.
What is the difference between SEO and SEM? Which one is right for me?
Search engine optimization (SEO) is adjusting your website to improve your natural ranking in search results. You cannot pay to improve your website ranking on Bing or Yahoo, thus we often refer to these results and unpaid or "organic" search results.

	Clicks from SEO are free. But SEO also requires technical expertise and involves some factors over which you have only limited control.

	Search engine marketing (SEM) is paid advertising that appears next to or above unpaid (or "organic") search results. These paid ads are purchased through Bing Ads.

	You pay for SEM clicks. But SEM gives you more control over when your website appears on results pages and you decide how much you want to pay. And you can measure which ads are working and quickly improve your results.

	You don't have to choose between SEO and SEM. You can do both!
If my time is limited, should I still try Bing ads?
Yes! Call a Bing Ads specialist at 877-635-3561*and we’ll set up your first campaign for you for free. We’ll give you tips on getting the most out of your ads and set you up for success. We’re here to help.




About Bing Ads

Where does my ad appear?
Your ads could appear on the top or to the right of Bing, Yahoo, and MSN search results. And you can choose to target your ads to different geographic regions, times or days of the week, and even demographics.
What determines my ad position?
Bing Ads is a pay-per-click (PPC) advertising system. You bid based on how much you are willing to pay per each click on your ad. Because webpages have a limited number of places to show ads, we auction those spaces. You are bidding against other advertisers to get your ads into the space you want. So if you bid on the keyword "shoe", you will have to beat the bids of the other advertisers who are also bidding on "shoe." You determine how much you are willing to bid.
	Your ad position is based on several things, including:
	
How closely your ad and website fit with the terms that are searched (relevance).
How your bid compares to other bids in the Bing Ads auction.
How strongly your ad has performed in the past and how often it has been clicked (click-through rate).

	The stronger you are in these areas, the better your chances of winning the top ad position.




How to use Bing Ads

How can I use Bing Ads to drive more people to my website?
Here are some tips to get better results:
	
Review your budget and bid strategy. If your ad keeps pausing, your budget limit may be set too low. Competitive bids help your ad stay in a strong position to catch eyes and get more clicks to your website.
Expand your targeting, both for location and for devices (computer, mobile and tablet).
Make sure your ads and website are relevant to the keywords you bid on. Would someone searching your terms expect to see and ad for your business?


How can I keep my costs down?
While your first instinct may be to lower your budget, first try lowering your maximum bids. Yes, this could mean fewer customers visit your site. But if you increase your quality score and build ads with a strong performance history, you may be able to win a good ad position with a lower bid. That would lower your cost=per-click and help stretch your budget.
How do I know if Bing Ads is working?
View a wide range of performance trends in your account to quickly see key stats: ad clicks, the number of times your ad appeared (impressions), spend, average cost-per-click, click-through rate, average ad position, cost per acquisition, and conversions. You can also run performance reports to get insights into how well your campaigns are doing.
Can I run more than one ad?
Yes! In fact, we encourage it. Only one ad will show at a time but running multiple ads lets you test different approaches to see what's working best with your target customers. Frequently, businesses try out different ads for specific products or pages.




Getting started with Bing Ads

How do I get started?
Sign up for Bing Ads
Which keywords should I choose?
You have a few options to help choose your keywords. First you'll want to think of the terms one of your customers might use to search for your products and offerings. Those search terms are a great starting point. Then you can use tools right in your account to find more keywords. Within Bing Ads, click Campaigns on the top of the page. Click the Keywords tab, and then click Add Keywords. This will let you:
	
Search for new keywords based on one you enter.
Search a website for keywords.
Search your destination URLs for keywords.


How can I write a good ad?
Here are a few tips that can help make your ad stand out.
	
Keep your ads relevant. One way to improve relevance is to use your customer's most popular search terms in your ad titles and txt.
Describe what sets your product apart.
Use your customers' language. Use words and writing tone that are likely to attract your typical customer.
Be specific. This clearer and more specific your offering, the better. For example, rather than "big discount," specify and exact percentage, such as "50 percent off."
Give customers a reason to click your ad right now. Offer a specific call to action, such as encouraging customers to request a brochure or consultation, download a free e-book, subscribe to a newsletter, or take advantage of a limited-time discount.























Sign up with Bing Ads to get started





































