



CEO Leadership Series: Christopher J. Schaber, PhD, President & CEO, Soligenix, Inc. | Ashton Tweed





































































 



















MENU

Expertise & ServicesbackExpertise & ServicesLife Sciences ExpertsInterim TalentExecutive SearchCase StudiesFAQ VideosFeatured OpportunitiesbackFeatured OpportunitiesFeatured ProfessionalsFeatured CareersRecently Filled RolesCEO Leadership SeriesAbout UsbackAbout UsAbout Ashton TweedAshton Tweed TeamBlogTestimonialsNetworking Events & OrganizationsPrivacy PolicyContactbackContactContactUpload Your RésuméSubscribebackSubscribeChoose Your Subscription LevelRecent Editions 










CEO Leadership Series 

					CEO Leadership Series: Christopher J. Schaber, PhD, President & CEO, Soligenix, Inc.				







CEO Leadership Series: Christopher J. Schaber, PhD, President & CEO, Soligenix, Inc.

WALKING A TIGHTROPE BETWEEN DRUG DEVELOPMENT AND FUNDRAISING
For Christopher J. Schaber, successfully helming Soligenix Inc. involves walking a tightrope between developing a roster of promising drugs and raising the funds to pay for it.
Recently listed on NASDAQ, Soligenix is a late-stage biopharmaceutical company based in Princeton, N.J., that focuses on two very specific areas—rare diseases and biodefense. The company’s therapeutics segment is dedicated to the development of products for orphan diseases and areas of unmet medical need such as cutaneous T-cell lymphoma, oral mucositis, pediatric Crohn’s disease and acute radiation enteritis. Its biodefense segment develops vaccines and therapeutics for military and civilian applications in the areas of ricin exposure, gastrointestinal acute radiation syndrome and emerging and antibiotic resistant infectious disease.
To power Soligenix’s product development pipeline, Dr. Schaber raises funds from a variety of sources, including investors and the U.S. government. Over the course of his career, Dr. Schaber has played a significant role in raising approximately $100 million for his organizations’ initiatives.
In an interview with Ashton Tweed, Dr. Schaber discusses the challenges of fundraising and how to manage the risks inherent in drug development.
Soligenix focuses on both orphan diseases and biodefense vaccines. How do these two areas complement each other? 
The main focus of our company is the therapeutic side, where we’re currently focused on cutaneous T-cell lymphoma. We’re actively recruiting for a Phase III trial of our product SGX301, which is a topical ointment containing synthetic hypericin. SGX301 is applied directly to the malignant skin lesions and activated with safe, visible fluorescent light. We also have some very interesting data from a Phase II study with a product molecule called SGX942, containing the active ingredient dusquetide, for the treatment of oral mucositis in patients with head and neck cancer. The Phase II data was very promising and sets the stage for a Phase III trial in 2017. So a lot of our time and energy has been put towards the therapeutic side, specifically these two programs.
A lot of people don’t appreciate that in biodefense we’re really dealing with an area classified as orphan diseases by the FDA. Unlike the typical rare disease where the patient population is extremely small, in biodefense there’s no established patient population. You’re waiting for—God forbid—a catastrophic event, and at that point you could be treating thousands, if not millions, of people. But up until a catastrophic event, there’s obviously no market.
So it’s been a nice little model for us to build out a very diverse, robust pipeline of technologies, but also to work with the government and help to defray some of the expense, which allows us to manage our cash burn very effectively.
Why is government funding so important for Soligenix? 
Our biodefense or vaccine business segment is funded entirely by the U.S. government. A lot of what we do on the biodefense side is focused on oversight. We’ve got the proprietary technology and we’re ultimately the developers of it, designing the required studies, but we work through contract laboratories and facilities to oversee the execution. So we’re fortunate enough to have good technology that we benefit from, but not have to use the same level of internal resources to drive those forward like we do with the therapeutic side of our business. We’ve received government funding up to approximately $42 million collectively across those two programs for ricin toxin exposure and gastrointestinal acute radiation syndrome. For a small business like Soligenix, there’s an overhead component that the government covers, including facility-related expenses and reimbursement for certain portions of salaries for those directly working on the programs. The government also pays a management fee to execute on the contract, ranging from five to eight percent of the overall contract. You can redirect those monies to wherever you’d like and we often times put those monies back into the therapeutic side of the business.
What have been your biggest challenges as CEO? 
Drug development in and of itself is a challenge. You typically have more failures than successes in this business—it costs a lot of time, energy and money to advance programs and, at the end of the day, some of them work and some of them don’t. But you try to position yourself as best you can for success, and I think we’ve done that because we have more than one drug candidate that has the potential to see approval.
In addition to the drug development risk, it’s been very difficult in today’s markets for small biotech companies to get adequate funding to advance programs and have them reach the finish line. We’ve moved programs along as quickly as we can and raised funding, but we’ve been creative in utilizing other financial instruments like government grants/contracts, the New Jersey Technology Business Tax Certificate Transfer (NOL) Program and partnerships to help us advance development while also offsetting some of our burn, as well.
How many drugs do you currently have in the pipeline?
Right now, we have approximately six programs but we aren’t currently funding all six of those programs. On the therapeutic side, we’re driving forward two programs right now: the cutaneous T-cell lymphoma with SGX301 and the oral mucositis in head and neck cancer with SGX942. On the biodefense side we have our ricin toxin vaccine, RiVax™, and our OrbeShield® therapeutic for gastrointestinal acute radiation syndrome. Both of those programs have received funding by the government. Those four programs are the ones that we are advancing now, and we’re waiting for additional funding opportunities for other programs in the pipeline.
As you’ve said, Soligenix raises money in a number of ways. How do you tailor your fundraising efforts to the company’s products? 
On the therapeutic side, we’ve recently completed a partnership with SciClone Pharmaceuticals for the Greater China market. We partnered SGX942, our oral mucositis program for head and neck cancer, and received a nice upfront payment as part of that partnership. Now we’re looking to do that with all of our programs on the therapeutic side.
On the government contract side, the end customer is the U.S. government, so you don’t need to build a commercial organization like you would typically need to do with a therapeutic program. It’s just a matter of being able to manufacture the product and negotiate the pricing with the U.S. government for what they may want to stockpile. So, because we don’t require that level of infrastructure to support a potential procurement contract, we’ve kept the vaccine/biodefense business for ourselves to date. Ultimately, if we are successful at the end of the day with our biodefense products, we’ll sell those to the government at an agreed-to price.
What advice would you give others about fundraising? 
It all starts with good science. You need to take a step back, look at your program and say, “Is this something that would be of interest to the potential investor? Is there a need? Is there a clear development path forward? What is the market opportunity and competitive landscape for the disease(s) you are targeting?” Once you feel you’ve passed that hurdle and have these important questions adequately answered, then it’s a matter of conveying that story to potential investors where you think your story will resonate.
Depending on your area, then you can begin looking at resources such as government funding. There’s a lot of funding through small business innovative research grants where you can at least start the process with some early drug development work and, as you build data, then hopefully there’s other opportunities for funding, not only with the National Institutes of Health but also with other government agencies, like the FDA Office of Orphan Products Development. In New Jersey, the NOL Program allows you to make money off your R&D tax credits. That’s worked well for us, at times bringing in as much as half a million dollars or more, to help offset our burn.
Fundraising requires being as creative as possible, not only in looking for individuals to invest in you, but in looking at other instruments, be it through government grants, contracts, the NOL programs in New Jersey, or even debt financing, in which you take a loan out to support development to a key inflection point and use your intellectual property as collateral—although that has the potential to be a little more risky.
How do you prepare for the possibility that a risk won’t pay off? 
You prepare for the worst and you hope for the best. When we had our Phase II double-blind trial in oral mucositis enrolling, we obviously didn’t know the outcome and didn’t have a large reservoir of cash. Because we didn’t have a large cash safety net, so to speak, if we did encounter a major stumbling block, it would’ve been difficult to weather the storm. We really walked a tightrope and luckily it paid off for us.
It’s always about trying to get to that next critical milestone, the next key inflection point. Hopefully you have enough cash to get to the next one, and sometimes it’s very tight. We’ve had it work out more often than not, where we’ve achieved that next milestone that allowed us to go out and bring in more cash, or at least position ourselves to pursue a government contract or grant.
Soligenix was listed on the NASDAQ in December 2016. Why was that the right move for the company?
It was a bit of a painful process to get there, but it’s ultimately been good. When I joined Soligenix, it was on the Over-the-Counter Bulletin Board, which is a very difficult place to be. The universe is much narrower on the Bulletin Board than on NASDAQ. You’re limited dramatically in the number and quality of investors that can buy Bulletin Board stock for compliance reasons, so you really have a small audience to work with.
At the end of 2016, we had an active Phase III program for SGX301 with data expected by the end of 2017. We also had positive data in the oral mucositis program with plans to initiate Phase III in 2017. And we also had a Phase III program in pediatric Crohn’s disease cleared through the FDA, although we are not looking to execute on that trial until we identify an additional funding source.
So with these three advanced clinical programs plus government funding, with tens of millions of dollars supporting good biodefense technology, we thought now is the time to get the company off the Bulletin Board and onto NASDAQ to open up that universe of investors. Hopefully, if all goes according to plan in 2017, we’ll start to increase our liquidity, increase our stock price, and position Soligenix for success.
What’s the biggest lesson you’ve learned at Soligenix?
When I first joined Soligenix we essentially had one program in the pipeline, and that program was a Phase III program that ultimately failed. Phase III is that registration study where you submit for FDA approval, so obviously a failed Phase III study is not good. We adapted our approach so that in the future we would try to get more than one program in the pipeline in order to have multiple shots on goal, thereby mitigating risk. We’re mitigating risk to the shareholders while we’re advancing multiple programs to build value. One way to do that is through government grants and contracts, in part, to help offset development expense.
So we learned from the mistake of living and dying by one program or one study. You need to have multiple technologies—if you can fund them—that provide for a more robust pipeline and a little bit more of a safety net for your investors.
What’s next for Soligenix?
A lot of key milestones are coming up, most notably the Phase III study in cutaneous T-cell lymphoma. We’re hopefully going to know by the end of the year where we stand with that study and, if that study is successful, we’ll look to file a new drug application with the FDA in 2018. We’ll also be actively enrolling in our oral mucositis Phase III study, and we’ll have that study up and running if all goes according to plan in 2017. That will hopefully not only mean good things for patients but also for shareholders.
Ashton Tweed would like to thank Christopher Schaber for this interview. If your company needs help from members of the Ashton Tweed Life Sciences Executive Talent Bank, we can supply that assistance either on an interim or a permanent basis. Additionally, if you are among the many life sciences professionals affected by the changes in the industry, Ashton Tweed can help you find the right placement opportunity — from product discovery through commercialization at leading life sciences companies — including interim executive positions and full-time placements. In either case, please email Ashton Tweed or call us at 610-725-0290. Ashton Tweed is pleased to continue to present insightful articles of interest to the industry.

Christopher J. Schaber
Christopher Schaber joined Soligenix in 2006 as President and Chief Executive Officer and was appointed Chairman of the Board in 2009. He has more 27 years of experience in the pharmaceutical and biotechnology industry. Prior to Soligenix, Dr. Schaber was Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer of Discovery Laboratories, Inc. and a co-founder of Acute Therapeutics, Inc., where he served as its Vice President of Regulatory Compliance and Drug Development. He was Worldwide Director of Regulatory Affairs and Operations at Ohmeda PPD, Inc. and also held a variety of regulatory, development and operations positions with The Liposome Company, Inc., and Elkins-Sinn Inc., a division of Wyeth-Ayerst Laboratories.
Dr. Schaber serves on the board of directors of the Biotechnology Council of New Jersey and the Alliance for Biosecurity, and has been a member of the corporate councils of both the National Organization for Rare Diseases and the American Society for Blood and Marrow Transplantation. He received a bachelor’s degree from Western Maryland College, a master’s degree in Pharmaceutics from Temple University School of Pharmacy and a PhD in Pharmaceutical Sciences from the Union Graduate School. He and his wife live in North Hanover, N.J., and have three daughters and a son.

 


Posted on April 7, 2017 by Kelsey Hoffman


								Posted in CEO Leadership Series 



									Tagged acute radiation enteritis, antibiotic resistant, biodefense, China, Christopher Schaber, cutaneous T-cell lymphoma, drug development, FDA, funding, fundraising, investors, NASDAQ, NJ, NOL program, oral mucositis, OrbeShield®, orphan diseases, Over-the-Counter Bulletin Board, pediatric Crohn’s disease, Princeton, R&D, rare diseases, ricin, RiVax™, SciClone Pharmaceuticals, SGX301, SGX942, Soligenix, U.S. government, vaccines 









Leave a Reply Cancel reply 
Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *Comment Name * 
Email * 
Website 
 

 


 



  

 




“I would give Ashton Tweed a five out of five. First of all, they provide me with a stream of opportunities. Second, they do their homework, which is something that I’ve not seen with several other companies that I’ve worked with.”




Chris Szustkiewicz
Interim Regulatory Employee, BiologicsMD




 




“I like Ashton Tweed because I need certain skill sets and sometimes I need them relatively quickly to fill a hole.”




Randy Milby
Former CEO, CorMedix Inc.




 




“Ashton Tweed is small, focused and tenacious. They work extremely hard to fill a position, and you can have a very honest, open and transparent relationship with the team.”




John Fraher,
CEO, Adare Pharmaceuticals, Inc.




 




“I highly recommend Ashton Tweed. They’re very professional. They’re fast and have a tremendous network of talent.”




James Sapirstein
CEO, ContraVir Pharmaceuticals




 




“There was a comprehensive search—they didn’t just reach out to the first people who met the minimum criteria.”




Edward Seguine
CEO, Clinical Ink




 




“If you need to hire interim people with subject-matter expertise quickly, Ashton Tweed is the firm to go to. I’ve recommended Ashton Tweed multiple times to people.”




Nick Spring
CEO, ReliefBand




 




“I think Ashton Tweed is a very good group and if I’m looking for interim talent it’s my top search firm.”




Brian A. Leuthner
President and CEO, Edge Therapeutics




 




“They were very thoughtful in how they approached the search for us and were able to deliver someone who met our needs in the first pass. You can’t find anything better than that.”




J. David Owens
CEO, BiologicsMD Inc.




 



Subscribe to our newsletter:


Name*


First



Last


Email*

Company*Put "N/A" if not applicable.NameThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.

 









ASHTON TWEED CONTACT  
Phone: (610) 725-0290
  Fax: (610) 975-0291
  Email: info@ashtontweed.com
Ashton Tweed, Ltd.
  565 E. Swedesford Rd.
  Suite 214
  Wayne, PA 19087

 











Ashton's Tip of the Week:
Making introductions is a form of networking. Know two people who might be helpful to one… https://t.co/AxQpT054D5Quest acquired 2 lab businesses in TX, establishing a national center of excellence for cancer precision diagnostics.https://t.co/YwEA7erRvREx Google exec teams up w/ Mayo Clinic to develop tools to screen for a heart rhythm that kills thousands each year. https://t.co/FRnrbexS0j#ThrowbackThursday to Gregor Johann Mendel, born this day in 1822, the founder of the modern science of genetics. https://t.co/9tXMewy9O5A pair of Zika vaccines, given to mice before pregnancy, protected their offspring from Zika infection. https://t.co/ipcDTKUmYgSanofi and GSK are beginning shipments for flu season, expecting to dispatch up to 70M and 40M doses respectively. https://t.co/mJMftbGT5qHundreds of Takeda employees have been asked to relocate from suburban Chicago to the Boston area. https://t.co/mvwswK8B90Shares of AstraZeneca jumped after they confirmed that Pascal Soriot would remain at the helm of the company. https://t.co/GgU8mqpD5kSpark Therapeutics' gene therapy for blindness has been accepted by the FDA! https://t.co/w0cOKHcB89A biotech specializing in blood purification needed a Chief Medical Officer as they embarked on US approvals... https://t.co/zsZBJ9MKNe











http://ashtontweed.com/resume-submission-process/

















More in CEO Leadership SeriesCEO Leadership Series: Cynthia Schwalm, EVP, North America Commercial Operations, IpsenHOW TO MAKE TOUGH DECISIONS AND HELP OTHERS SUCCEED In the three years since Cynthia Schwalm joined Ipsen’s North America...Close








Schaber, Christopher J. - The Wall Street Transcript













































 





































Christopher J. Schaber
Christopher J. Schaber, Ph.D., has over 27 years of experience in the pharmaceutical and biotechnology industry, and has been Soligenix, Inc.’s President, Chief Executive Officer and a Director since August 2006. He also serves on the board of directors for the Alliance for BioSecurity and BioNJ, and is a member of the corporate councils for both the National Organization for Rare Diseases and the American Society for Blood and Marrow Transplantation. Prior to joining the company, Dr. Schaber served from 1998 to 2006 as Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer of Discovery Laboratories, Inc. From 1996 to 1998, he was a Co-Founder of Acute Therapeutics, Inc., and served as its Vice President of Regulatory Compliance and Drug Development. From 1994 to 1996, he was employed by Ohmeda PPD, Inc., as Worldwide Director of Regulatory Affairs and Operations. From 1989 to 1994, Dr. Schaber held a variety of regulatory, development and operations positions with The Liposome Company, Inc., and Elkins-Sinn Inc., a division of Wyeth-Ayerst Laboratories. Dr. Schaber received his B.A. from Western Maryland College, his M.S. in pharmaceutics from Temple University School of Pharmacy and his Ph.D. in pharmaceutical sciences from the Union Graduate School.
Related Interviews:Interview with the President and CEO: Soligenix, Inc. (NASDAQ:SNGX)April 21, 2017Interview with the President and CEO: Soligenix, Inc. (OTCBB:SNGX)October 23, 2015Interview with the President, CEO and Director: Soligenix, Inc. (SNGX)October 19, 2013







CartLatest NewsJames Abate of Centre Asset Management Sees Consumer Demand Driving New Stock HighsMalcolm E. Polley of Stewart Capital and How to Play the Health Care StocksTimothy Biltz, CEO of Lumos Networks Identifies the Key Component for Future 5G NetworksThe Wall Street Transcript is a completely unique resource for investors and business researchers.Over 20,000 CEO, Equity Analyst and Money Manager InterviewsSubscribe now!Sign Up For Newsletter Weekly email with New In-Depth Interviews


Email: 



Most Popular InterviewsDelivering Long-Term Results with a Risk-Managed Growth FundJames A. Abate Published July 20, 2017 in Investing StrategiesCompanies covered: AMAT JNJ COH RL COG NVDA ADBE ATVI KLAC AMZN NFLX GOOG FB GLW MU 005930 000660 WFM JWN CMG GPS EQT RICE SPLS Buy ($25)Finding Investments with Favorable Risk and Reward OpportunitiesHenry  Beukema Published July 19, 2017 in Investing StrategiesCompanies covered: ORCL MSFT NSRGY AMZN WFM LRLCY AGN LNR Buy ($25)Better Returns and Lower Risk in the Midcap SpaceMalcolm E. Polley Published July 18, 2017 in Investing StrategiesCompanies covered: PRAA HURN FII FL NKE AMZN WFM WBA RAD Buy ($25)Most Popular ReportsWireless Communications & Telecom Published July 14, 2017Buy ($175)Investing Strategies Published July 11, 2017Buy ($175)Investing Strategies Published June 30, 2017Buy ($175) 






Top Company Interviews






Register for a Free Account to gain greater access to
            The Wall Street Transcript right now




CEO INTERVIEWSInterview with the President and CEO: Lumos Networks Corp. (NASDAQ:LMOS)Interview with the Corporate VP of Business Development, Strategy and Investor Relations: DSP Group, Inc. (NASDAQ:DSPG)Interview with the CEO and Director: Tactile Systems Technology, Inc. (NASDAQ:TCMD) 

SECTOR ROUNDTABLESNatural Gas Weighs Heavy On E&P Near-Term ProspectsRoundtable Forum:optimism Despite Uncertainty In For-profit EducationRoundtable Forum:a Shift In Focus To Natural Gas From Oil 

MONEY MANAGER INTERVIEWSDelivering Long-Term Results with a Risk-Managed Growth FundFinding Investments with Favorable Risk and Reward OpportunitiesBetter Returns and Lower Risk in the Midcap Space 

ANALYST INTERVIEWSAnalyzing the Secular Drivers Within Communications Infrastructure and TelecomSatellite Companies Benefiting from Growth in Data TrafficIncreased Focus on Content as Consumers Shift to Digital Consumption 




Subscribe Today!







                Since 1963
                © The Wall Street Transcript 1997-2016
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy  
            





https://www.twst.com/wp-admin/admin-ajax.php

Pin It on Pinterest





































Share This





Twitter





Facebook





Google+





Gmail





LinkedIn








































×





Join now for free!
Already a member?






First Name 





Last Name 





Email address *








Create new account
 


or create an account with a social network.

Join with Facebook


Join with Twitter


Join with Google








Username or Email address: *





Password: *






LoginJoin now! | Forgot password?
 


or login using a social network


Log in with Facebook


Log in with Twitter


Log in with Google














 

Christopher J. Schaber | Journal Transcript















































































 







Sign in



Technology
Cannabis
Health Care
Energy
Metals
About

Contact Us
Advertising


Disclaimer
 





Sign in





Welcome!Log into your account

your username
your password

Forgot your password?





Password recovery


Recover your password

your email




 







Search













Sign in / Join 














 





Sign in
Welcome! Log into your account

your username
your password

Forgot your password? Get help


Password recovery
Recover your password

your email

A password will be e-mailed to you.










Journal Transcript







Seanergy Maritime Holdings Corp (SHIP) on Breakout Alert. Read More
 










Technology
Cannabis
Health Care
Energy
Metals
About

Contact Us
Advertising


Disclaimer






















 











Home    Tags  Christopher J. Schaber

Tag: Christopher J. Schaber






 Science 
Soligenix Inc (OTCBB:SNGX) Finalizes A $10 Million Equity Purchase Deal

Kyle Lan -  August 4, 2015 0 





 Science 
Soligenix Inc (OTCBB:SNGX) Confirms Development Deal with Emergent BioSolutions

David Riley -  June 9, 2015 0 

  



 

Recent StoriesJulie B. Feder Appointed the new the Chief Financial Officer of Verastem Inc (NASDAQ:VSTM)July 21, 2017Mitek Systems, Inc. (NASDAQ:MITK) Updates Its Mobile Docs™ For EfficiencyJuly 21, 2017Kindred Biosciences Inc (NASDAQ:KIN) Unveils Pricing Of Public OfferingJuly 20, 2017Ceragon Networks Ltd (NASDAQ:CRNT) Impressed By Orders Totaling To Over $13 Million By A Top Operator In IndiaJuly 20, 2017Community Health Systems (NYSE:CYH) Announces Plan To Divest Texas Hospital To HCA HealthcareJuly 19, 2017Telefonaktiebolaget LM Ericsson. (NASDAQ:ERIC) Launches Massive ‘IoT’ Network Suite To Serve The Competitive MarketJuly 18, 2017Conatus Pharmaceuticals Inc (NASDAQ:CNAT) Takes Great Pride In The Commercialization Of EmricasanJuly 18, 2017Rennova Health Inc (NASDAQ:RNVA) Could Soon Allow Its Advanced Molecular Services Group to Operate As a Different EntityJuly 18, 2017Nokia Oyj (ADR) (NYSE:NOK) Rewards Northern California Water and Power Utility PCWA with Modern Communication System Upgrade Package.July 18, 2017What Is The Buzz Surrounding Inpixon (NASDAQ:INPX)?July 18, 2017  
 











The Journal Transcript is the premier online publication for news and information. We provide our readers with the most comprehensive coverage on the web.Contact us: [email protected]














 

EVEN MORE NEWS




Julie B. Feder Appointed the new the Chief Financial Officer of... 
Health Care July 21, 2017 







Mitek Systems, Inc. (NASDAQ:MITK) Updates Its Mobile Docs™ For Efficiency 
Technology July 21, 2017 







Kindred Biosciences Inc (NASDAQ:KIN) Unveils Pricing Of Public Offering 
Health Care July 20, 2017 


  

POPULAR CATEGORYBusiness2561Technology816Science584Health Care409Advancers65Stocks62Press Releases28 






Technology
Cannabis
Health Care
Energy
Metals
About

Contact Us
Advertising


Disclaimer
 



© Copyright 2012 - JournalTranscript.com 






























Expert - Christopher Schaber
































Streetwise Reports The Gold Report The Energy Report The Life Sciences Report


The Gold ReportThe Energy ReportThe Life Sciences Report






























Sector Expert: Christopher Schaber



Soligenix Inc.




Christopher J. Schaber, Ph.D., has more than 25 years of experience in the pharmaceutical and biotechnology industry. Dr. Schaber has been the Soligenix president, chief executive officer and a director since August 2006. He was appointed chairman of the board in 2009. He also serves on the boards of directors of the Biotechnology Council of New Jersey and the Alliance for Biosecurity, and has been a member of the corporate councils of both the National Organization for Rare Diseases and the American Society for Blood and Marrow Transplantation. Prior to joining Soligenix, Dr. Schaber served from 1998 to 2006 as executive vice president and CEO of Discovery Laboratories Inc., where he was responsible for overall pipeline development and key areas of commercial operations, including regulatory affairs, quality control and assurance, manufacturing and distribution, preclinical and clinical research, and medical affairs, as well as coordination of commercial launch preparation activities. From 1996 to 1998, Dr. Schaber was a cofounder of Acute Therapeutics Inc., and served as its vice president of regulatory compliance and drug development. From 1994 to 1996, Dr. Schaber was employed by Ohmeda PPD Inc. as worldwide director of regulatory affairs and operations. From 1989 to 1994, Dr. Schaber held a variety of regulatory, development and operations positions with The Liposome Company Inc., and Elkins-Sinn Inc., a division of Wyeth-Ayerst Laboratories. Dr. Schaber received his bachelor's degree from Western Maryland College, his master's degree in pharmaceutics from Temple University School of Pharmacy and his Ph.D. in pharmaceutical sciences from the Union Graduate School.



Subscribe toStreetwise Reports




Recent Interviews



	

	Soligenix Fosters Potent Pipeline of Orphan Disease Compounds in Areas of Unmet Medical Need (4/27/16)

With a robust pipeline of drugs in late-stage clinical trials and milestones on the horizon, it's no wonder Soligenix Inc.'s CEO, Dr. Christopher Schaber, holds an optimistic view of the company's future. Two candidates targeting orphan diseases�a type of lymphoma and pediatric Crohn's disease�are in Phase 3, a treatment for oral mucositis is in Phase 2, and Soligenix's biodefense vaccine and therapeutic platform is backed by significant government funding. In this interview with The Life Sciences Report, Dr. Schaber expands on the status of the company's portfolio.



	

	Soligenix Takes the Fast Track to Beat Inflammation, Cancer and Bio-Threats: Dr. Christopher Schaber  (4/8/15)

Orphan diseases associated with inflammation present excellent development opportunities for small biopharmaceutical companies and their investors. Additionally, inflammatory conditions can result from treatment with cancer therapeutics. The crossover between inflammation and oncology, coupled with vaccine programs of high strategic value, have allowed Soligenix Inc. to build a significant pipeline with substantial revenue potential. In this interview with The Life Sciences Report, Dr. Christopher J. Schaber, company President and CEO, outlines development programs targeting pediatric Crohn's disease, GI acute radiation syndrome, a rare lymphoma and the threat of ricin.


Due to permission requirements, not all quotes are shown.





SubscribeAboutDisclaimerContactSponsorshipSyndicationCareersPolicies




© 2017 Streetwise Reports. All rights reserved.
Streetwise Reports is registered with the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office.
















   Christopher Schaber | Soligenix , Inc. | ZoomInfo.com

	DOR BioPharma Inc Announces The Appointment Of Christopher J Schaber Ph D As Its New President And Chief Executive Officer And Changes In Its Board Of













































Employer:
Login
Post Jobs


Job Seeker:
Login
Sign Up

























Search Life Sciences Jobs





Search Job Title Only












Radius:
Miles



Km80.5
















                 News | News By Subject | News by Disease |  
    News By Date | Search News



















Get Our FREEIndustry eNewsletter

email:


*
            
*
            



















 

 






DOR BioPharma, Inc. (DOR) Announces The Appointment Of Christopher J. Schaber, Ph.D. As Its New President And Chief Executive Officer And Changes In Its Board Of Directors  











Tweet








8/30/2006 4:57:33 PM



MIAMI--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Aug. 30, 2006--DOR BioPharma, Inc. (OTCBB:DORB) ("DOR" or the "Company"), a biopharmaceutical company addressing life-threatening side effects of cancer and cancer treatments, serious gastrointestinal diseases and disorders, and bioterrorism countermeasures, announced today that it has appointed Christopher J. Schaber, Ph.D., as its new President and Chief Executive Officer to replace Michael T. Sember who ceased to be employed by the Company on August 25, 2006. Dr. Schaber has also been elected as a member of the DOR Board of Directors.

Dr. Schaber previously served as Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer of Discovery Laboratories, Inc., where he was employed for the last ten years with responsibility for overall pipeline development and key areas of commercial operations, including regulatory affairs, quality control and assurance, manufacturing and distribution, preclinical and clinical research, and medical affairs, as well as coordination of commercial launch preparation activities. Prior to working at Discovery, Dr. Schaber was employed by Ohmeda PPD, Inc. as Worldwide Director of Regulatory Affairs and Operations from 1994 to 1996. While at Ohmeda, Dr. Schaber was responsible for all strategies related to the regulatory requirements of the FDA and international health authority bodies and was credited with the successful New Drug Application ("NDA") for INOmax(R) (inhaled nitric oxide) for the treatment of persistent pulmonary hypertension of the newborn that was subsequently approved by the FDA. From 1989 to 1994, Dr. Schaber held a variety of regulatory, development and operations positions of increasing importance with The Liposome Company, Inc., and Elkins-Sinn Inc., a division of Wyeth-Ayerst Laboratories. Dr. Schaber received his B.A. from Western Maryland College, an M.S. in Pharmaceutics from Temple University School of Pharmacy, and a Ph.D. in Pharmaceutical Sciences from The Union Graduate School. Dr. Schaber also holds a Regulatory Affairs Certification (RAC) from the Regulatory Affairs Professional Society. Dr. Schaber has most recently served as an NDA and FDA regulatory strategic advisor to DOR.

"We warmly welcome Chris to DOR," stated Evan Myrianthopoulos, Chief Financial Officer of DOR. "I had the pleasure of working with Chris for several years at Discovery Laboratories. Chris is a driven individual and I can personally attest to his leadership and organizational skills. He has worked on numerous development programs and has been associated with a number of successful NDAs. His extensive experience in regulatory affairs and pharmaceutical commercialization will serve DOR well as we work closely with the FDA on the NDA filing and review of orBec(R) for the treatment of gastrointestinal Graft-versus-Host Disease."

DOR also announces the appointment of James Kuo, M.D., M.B.A. as the new Non-Executive Chairman of the Company's Board of Directors. Dr. Kuo has experience in managing biotech companies, venture capital investing, and pharmaceutical licensing. Dr. Kuo has been a founder, President, Chief Executive Officer and Board Director of Discovery Laboratories as well as most recently a founder, Chairman of the Board, and Chief Executive Officer of BioMicro Systems. He has also been a founder and Board Director of both Arginox Pharmaceuticals and Monarch Labs. Dr. Kuo is the former Managing Director of Venture Analysis for HealthCare Ventures, a venture capital firm with $378 million in funds under management. He has served as a senior licensing and business development executive at Myriad Genetics and also at Pfizer, where he was directly responsible for cardiovascular licensing and development, the company's largest business segment. After studying molecular biology and receiving his B.A. at Haverford College, Dr. Kuo simultaneously received his M.D. from The University of Pennsylvania School of Medicine and his M.B.A. from The Wharton School of Business. Dr. Kuo has been a DOR Board Director since March 2004. He replaces Alexander P. Haig, J.D. who has resigned as Chairman of the Board and as a Board Director. T. Jerome Madison, C.P.A., M.B.A., has also resigned from the Board of Directors. The Board thanks them for their service. Michael Sember remains a Board member.

"We are very pleased that Chris Schaber has joined us as CEO and President," said Mr. Steve H. Kanzer, Vice-Chairman of the Board. "While serving as Chairman of Discovery Laboratories, I had the pleasure to witness first hand Chris' strong work ethic and attention to detail. Chris brings extensive experience and proven leadership in the pharmaceutical industry to this important role during the regulatory phase of the orBec(R) filing and review process. We are also pleased that Jim Kuo has agreed to take a more formal leadership role as Non-Executive Chairman of the DOR BioPharma Board of Directors. His vision and experience will be integral to the evolution of DOR into a commercial pharmaceutical enterprise."

"I am excited to be joining DOR at this critical time as it begins to move from a development stage to commercial organization," stated Dr. Schaber. "I have most recently built and guided operations of a biotech company from early stage to pre-commercialization, and see my role at DOR as very similar. We have a strong and exciting pipeline to develop, with the first important step being the filing of a high quality NDA for orBec(R) for the treatment of gastrointestinal Graft-versus-Host disease. I am confident in the positive outcomes our orBec(R) data have demonstrated and believe that this important technology coupled with our biodefense vaccine programs have the potential to save many lives in the future."

The Company is also providing an update on the orBec(R) NDA filing process. DOR expects that all final NDA documentation will be finished by next week and ready for epublishing in the FDA's eCTD ("Electronic Content Technical Document") format. The epublishing and quality assurance review process is anticipated to take up to three weeks time. Thus, the expected NDA filing date is the second half of September 2006. The filing of the orBec(R) European Marketing Authorization Application ("MAA") is expected to be in November 2006.

About DOR BioPharma, Inc.

DOR BioPharma, Inc. is a biopharmaceutical company addressing life-threatening side effects of cancer and cancer treatments, serious gastrointestinal diseases and disorders, and bioterrorism countermeasures. Our lead product, orBec(R) (oral beclomethasone dipropionate), is a potent, locally-acting corticosteroid being developed for the treatment of gastrointestinal Graft-versus-Host disease (GI GVHD), a common serious complication of bone marrow transplantation for cancer, as well as other GI disorders characterized by severe inflammation. We plan to file a New Drug Application (NDA) with the FDA for orBec(R) for the treatment of GI GVHD in September 2006.

Through our BioDefense Division, we are developing biomedical countermeasures pursuant to the paradigm established by the recently enacted Project BioShield Act of 2004. Our biodefense products in development are bioengineered vaccines designed to protect against the deadly effects of exposure to ricin toxin and botulinum toxin, both of which are considered serious bioterrorism threats. Our ricin toxin vaccine, RiVax(TM), has successfully completed a Phase I clinical trial in normal volunteers. We have also initiated a botulinum toxin therapeutic development program based on rational drug design.

For further information regarding DOR, please visit the Company's website located at http://www.dorbiopharma.com.

This press release contains forward-looking statements, within the meaning of Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, that reflect DOR BioPharma, Inc.'s current expectations about its future results, performance, prospects and opportunities, including statements regarding the potential use of orBec(R) for the treatment of gastrointestinal GVHD and the prospects for regulatory filings for orBec(R). Where possible, DOR has tried to identify these forward-looking statements by using words such as "anticipates", "believes", "intends", or similar expressions. These statements are subject to a number of risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual events or results in future periods to differ materially from what is expressed in, or implied by, these statements. DOR cannot assure you that it will be able to successfully develop or commercialize products based on its technology, including orBec(R), particularly in light of the significant uncertainty inherent in developing vaccines against bioterror threats, manufacturing and conducting preclinical and clinical trials of vaccines, and obtaining regulatory approvals, that its technologies will prove to be safe and effective, that its cash expenditures will not exceed projected levels, that it will be able to obtain future financing or funds when needed, that product development and commercialization efforts will not be reduced or discontinued due to difficulties or delays in clinical trials or due to lack of progress or positive results from research and development efforts, that it will be able to successfully obtain any further grants and awards, maintain its existing grants which are subject to performance, enter into any biodefense procurement contracts with the U.S. Government or other countries, that it will be able to patent, register or protect its technology from challenge and products from competition or maintain or expand its license agreements with its current licensors, or that its business strategy will be successful. Important factors which may affect the future use of orBec(R) for gastrointestinal GVHD include the risks that: because orBec(R) did not achieve statistical significance in its primary endpoint in the pivotal Phase III clinical study (i.e. a p-value of less than or equal to 0.05), the FDA may not consider orBec(R) approvable based upon existing studies, orBec(R) may not show therapeutic effect or an acceptable safety profile in future clinical trials, if required, or could take a significantly longer time to gain regulatory approval than DOR expects or may never gain approval; DOR is dependent on the expertise, effort, priorities and contractual obligations of third parties in the clinical trials, manufacturing, marketing, sales and distribution of its products; or orBec(R) may not gain market acceptance; and others may develop technologies or products superior to orBec(R). These and other factors are described from time to time in filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including, but not limited to, DOR's most recent reports on Form 10-QSB and Form 10-KSB. DOR assumes no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements as a result of new information, future events, and changes in circumstances or for any other reason.

Contacts
DOR BioPharma, Inc., Miami
Evan Myrianthopoulos, 305-534-3383
http://www.dorbiopharma.com

>>> Discuss This Story










                Read at
                BioSpace.com







Related News
DOR BioPharma, Inc. (DOR) Reports Second Quarter 2006 Financial Results And Reviews Achievements  R&D Biotech Company, ReceptIcon, Appoints New CEO  DOR BioPharma, Inc. (DOR) Announces Successful Completion Of cGMP Production Milestone For RiVax(TM)  Thoratec Corporation (THOR) Says CFO Lucchese To Leave Company  DOR BioPharma, Inc. (DOR) Provides Regulatory Update On orBec  Alpharma Inc. (ALO) Says CFO Resigns, Names Interim CFO  DOR BioPharma, Inc. (DOR) Announces Advances In Mucosal Vaccines For Botulinum Toxin  Biomira Inc. (BIOM) Names Robert Kirkman As Chief Executive  DOR BioPharma, Inc. (DOR) Announces New Stock Symbol "DORB''  Applied NeuroSolutions, Inc. (HMYD) Appoints Ellen Hoffing As President And CEO  




Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
comments powered by Disqus






















                            •
                            BioSpace.com










                            •
                            DOR BioPharma, Inc.




             
        





                            •
                            Biotech/Pharma - Personnel




             
        















                              
                            

                              
                             
                              
                            

                              
                            








                 


































Soligenix Takes the Fast Track to Beat Inflammation, Cancer and Bio-Threats: Dr. Christopher Schaber -- Trefis





































    























								1 of 12
							

								Textron Q2 Earnings: Growth At Bell And Industrial Drive Overall Revenues
							










								2 of 12
							

								This Is How TripAdvisor Is Expanding Services In Its Restaurant Category
							










								3 of 12
							

								Chipotle Earnings Preview: Will Q2 2017 Disappoint Investors?
							










								4 of 12
							

								Here’s What We Are Watching For In McDonald’s Q2 2017 Results
							










								5 of 12
							

								Union Pacific’s Q2 2017 Earnings Review: Favorable Business Conditions And Productivity Improvements Drive Earnings Growth
							










								6 of 12
							

								Currency Headwinds Result In Another Weak Quarter For Philip Morris
							










								7 of 12
							

								Is An Earnings Beat In The Cards For JetBlue?
							










								8 of 12
							

								AT&T Q2 Preview: DirecTV Now, U.S. Postpaid Business In Focus
							










								9 of 12
							

								3M To Continue Its Good Run In The Second Quarter
							










								10 of 12
							

								Alphabet Earnings Preview: Mobile, Video Ads To Drive Revenue Growth
							










								11 of 12
							

								J&J Earnings: Cautious Optimisim
							










								12 of 12
							

								E-Trade’s Q2 Revenue Driven By Rate Hike, Trading Commission Decline
							







			Relevant Articles
			on TREFIS
		







Soligenix Takes the Fast Track to Beat Inflammation, Cancer and Bio-Threats: Dr. Christopher Schaber
April 10th, 2015 by 
						The Life Sciences Report
					







			Rate
			  |  
			 votes
			  |  
			Share




Submitted by The Life Sciences Report as part of our contributors program.
Soligenix Takes the Fast Track to Beat Inflammation, Cancer and Bio-Threats: Dr. Christopher Schaber
Orphan diseases associated with inflammation present excellent development opportunities for small biopharmaceutical companies and their investors. Additionally, inflammatory conditions can result from treatment with cancer therapeutics. The crossover between inflammation and oncology, coupled with vaccine programs of high strategic value, have allowed Soligenix Inc. to build a significant pipeline with substantial revenue potential. In this interview with The Life Sciences Report, Dr. Christopher J. Schaber, company President and CEO, outlines development programs targeting pediatric Crohn’s disease, GI acute radiation syndrome, a rare lymphoma and the threat of ricin.


								Relevant Articles
							


Textron Q2 Earnings: Growth At Bell And Industrial Drive Overall Revenues


This Is How TripAdvisor Is Expanding Services In Its Restaurant Category


Chipotle Earnings Preview: Will Q2 2017 Disappoint Investors?


Here’s What We Are Watching For In McDonald’s Q2 2017 Results


Union Pacific’s Q2 2017 Earnings Review: Favorable Business Conditions And Productivity Improvements Drive Earnings Growth


Currency Headwinds Result In Another Weak Quarter For Philip Morris



Management Q&A: View From the Top
The Life Sciences Report: Soligenix Inc. (SNGX:OTCQB) has a broad technology base covering inflammation, oncology and biodefense. From a development perspective, how do you prioritize these target areas?
Christopher Schaber: We structure our pipeline to individual development teams, so that all programs are priorities. However, as you would imagine, the development phase and timing to critical data play an important role in program prioritization.
We have two U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) fast-tracked, Phase 3, pivotal trials that are set to begin in 2015, one in pediatric Crohn’s disease and the other in cutaneous T-cell lymphoma (CTCL), both orphan indications. In addition, we have a Phase 2 fast-tracked trial in oral mucositis in head-and-neck cancer. We expect data from this trial in mid-2015. Due to their development status, these inflammation and oncology programs are high priorities for 2015.
TLSR: What are the targeted patient populations for your priorities in oncology, inflammation and biodefense?
CS: Pediatric Crohn’s disease affects approximately 160,000 (160K) patients worldwide annually. About 40K CTCL patients are diagnosed worldwide annually. Oral mucositis in head-and-neck cancer affects approximately 180K patients worldwide annually. The biodefense patient population is more difficult to estimate, because this population would be the result of a catastrophic event. In events such as these, the targeted population has the potential to be far-reaching.
TLSR: For pediatric Crohn’s disease, can you tell me about SGX203?
CS: SGX203 is a proprietary oral formulation of beclomethasone dipropionate (BDP), a steroid that acts topically along the gastrointestinal (GI) tract. Because it acts topically, inflammation from the esophagus to the colon is reduced with minimal systemic exposure. You get the anti-inflammatory effects of the steroid without the potential for detrimental side effects—growth impairment, bone demineralization—associated with systemic steroids.
Furthermore, SGX203 is a two-tablet formulation, comprising an immediate-release BDP component for the esophagus and stomach and a delayed-release BDP component for the small and large intestines. The entire GI tract is treated, regardless of where the inflammation is located.
TLSR: What is the clinical development status of SGX203?
CS: We’re entering into a pivotal Phase 3 clinical trial, and are finalizing the protocol with the FDA. We expect to initiate this study in H2/15, with completion targeted for H1/17.
TLSR: Will Soligenix advance SGX203 to market, or will the compound be partnered for commercial development?
CS: As you would imagine, Phase 3 clinical programs typically receive business partnership interest; however, we’ve always been prepared to advance this program independently because pediatric Crohn’s disease is an orphan indication, tailor-made for a small company to commercialize on its own. With SGX203 for pediatric Crohn’s disease representing a market opportunity of approximately $200 million ($200M) worldwide, this is a great product for a small company like Soligenix. We continue to evaluate the value proposition for our shareholders. Though we are prepared to advance SGX203 ourselves, we are open to a partnership in the future.
TLSR: Pediatric Crohn’s disease is an inflammatory disease, and inflammation is also a complication associated with various cancer therapies. Can you tell me about oral mucositis and SGX942?
CS: Oral mucositis causes ulceration of the mouth, tongue, soft palate and oropharynx, and is an extremely debilitating side effect of cancer radiotherapy and/or chemotherapy. It’s extremely painful, causing an inability to eat, reduced cancer treatment tolerance, and increases in patient cost of care.
What is also known about oral mucositis is that it is linked to a dysregulation of the innate immune system. That’s an important element, because SGX942, a first-in-class, synthetic, 5-amino acid innate defense regulator, modulates the body’s innate defense system to treat disease. We’ve generated a host of in vitro, in vivo and preclinical animal data showing a consistent mechanism of action and a consistent response in treatment of oral mucositis and infection. We have also demonstrated the safety of SGX942 in a Phase 1 safety study in 84 healthy volunteers. SGX942 is being evaluated in a Phase 2 dose-ranging study that is currently enrolling.
We recently announced positive news regarding the trial, in which the data review committee for the study recommended we narrow that trial down to a single, blinded, SGX942 and placebo study, and enroll 20 more subjects. The fact that our review committee recommended this small study gives us a level of cautious optimism that we’re going to see something important when the data is available in H2/15.
TLSR: You’re also developing SGX201 for radiation enteritis. Can you tell me about that program?
CS: SGX201 is a delayed-release, oral BDP formulation. We’re developing this formulation for treatment of lower GI inflammation caused by radiotherapy. Target patients may be cervical cancer or colon cancer patients receiving lower pelvic radiotherapy. These patients, when receiving radiation, develop symptoms similar to ulcerative colitis. By targeting inflammation, we can deliver a necessary therapy with an improved safety profile compared to systemically absorbed therapeutic agents.
The current Phase 2a study in SGX201 will not advance until additional government funding is available. The Phase 1/2 clinical trial was funded through a Small Business Innovation Research grant from the National Cancer Institute (NCI).
TLSR: Let’s transition from inflammation to cancer. Please describe SGX301 for CTCL.
CS: CTCL is a rare class of non-Hodgkin’s lymphoma in which malignant T cells migrate to the skin surface, causing development of red lesions or patches. SGX301 is synthetic hypericin, an extremely potent photosensitizer. It is applied topically to CTCL lesions and is activated by safe, visible, fluorescent light. Because there is no cure for CTCL, therapies focus on management of the recurrent lesions of patients living with the disease. Currently, off-label use of the psoriasis drug PUVA (psoralen with ultraviolet-A [UV-A] light) is the most common treatment for early stage CTCL. Unfortunately, the drug psoralen is mutagenic, and UV-A light is carcinogenic (sunlight). SGX301 avoids treating cancer with cancer-causing agents, making it a potential first-line therapy with a significantly improved safety profile compared to PUVA. Given the $250M worldwide market potential for SGX301 in this orphan disease, this is a nice addition to the Soligenix portfolio.
TLSR: Biodefense seems to be the outlier in your target indications. Are there any pathologies or biological mechanisms that tie your biodefense programs to the cancer and inflammation programs?
CS: The active ingredient for SGX203 and SGX201 is BDP. This is also the active ingredient in our OrbeShield program, treating GI acute radiation syndrome. In addition, the synthetic 5-amino acid peptide contained in SGX942 is also the active ingredient in our melioidosis program. Melioidosis is a life-threatening infectious disease caused by gram-negative bacteria found in soil and water. This is an orphan disease primarily found in Thailand and northern Australia. When untreated, the mortality rate is approximately 90%. So there is synergy across the biotherapeutic and biodefense business units.
It’s important to note, however, that the biodefense business unit is fully funded by the government. This allows us to build a robust pipeline with government support, with the added ability to offset some our overall burn, providing more effective cash management. For example, we recently received up to $32M in government contracts from the Biomedical Advanced Research and Development Authority (BARDA) and the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases (NIAID) for development of OrbeShield.
TLSR: I know you have other programs in biodefense business unit. What are the highlights?
CS: In addition to OrbeShield, we also have a heat-stable ricin toxin vaccine known as RiVax, for which we recently were awarded contract of up to $24.7M from NIAID. Between OrbeShield and RiVax, we have up to $57M in government contract funding.
The vaccine heat stabilization technology used for RiVax is called ThermoVax. This proprietary technology is also used with our anthrax vaccine, VeloThrax. As you would imagine, the ThermoVax platform has multiple potential applications in both biodefense and infectious disease vaccines. We are having a number of discussions around ThermoVax, with the potential for partnerships in emerging infectious disease.
TLSR: Does Soligenix have any active partnerships?
CS: We are currently working with Intrexon Corp. (XON:NYSE) to develop a novel passive immunotherapy for melioidosis. This program is early, but is a very important proprietary program. While we haven’t publicly defined our strategy, we are working along the lines of proteomics to dissect and understand this disease.
TLSR: Soligenix saw a stock increase at the beginning of March. Was the stock increase due to the SGX942 data, or were other factors involved?
CS: I think SGX942 was part of it, as was the positive data we’re rolling out of our biodefense business unit. Specifically, we announced important data demonstrating that RiVax  protects 100% of treated animals compared to all placebo animals dying. These results were released around the same time as our oral mucositis Phase 2 data review committee release. The combination of these events most likely triggered the stock uptick.
TLSR: Which of your programs is expected to be the primary revenue driver in the near term?
CS: In the near term, we’re generating revenues with our government contracts. However, we expect SGX301 in CTCL to potentially be the first product to market, with potential FDA approval as early as 2017 and marketing in 2017/18.
TLSR: What should investors look for from Soligenix over the next two years?
CS: Within our pipeline, we have a great deal of good science and development taking place. I think investors will see a lot of preclinical and clinical trial activity, which will include, in 2015, clinical data from our Phase 2 oral mucositis study, as well as potential initiation and completion of Phase 3 pivotal studies in CTCL and pediatric Crohn’s disease, both starting in 2015. You’ll also continue to see preclinical and clinical data coming from our biodefense business unit, with continued government funding for these programs. Finally, you cannot rule out a business partnership in either biotherapeutics or biodefense.
TLSR: Thanks so much for your time.
This interview was conducted by Daniel Levy, The Life Sciences Report
Christopher J. Schaber, PhD, has more than 25 years of experience in the pharmaceutical and biotechnology industry. Dr. Schaber has been the Soligenix president, chief executive officer and a director since August 2006. He was appointed chairman of the board in 2009. He also serves on the boards of directors of the Biotechnology Council of New Jersey and the Alliance for Biosecurity, and has been a member of the corporate councils of both the National Organization for Rare Diseases and the American Society for Blood and Marrow Transplantation. Prior to joining Soligenix, Dr. Schaber served from 1998 to 2006 as executive vice president and COO of Discovery Laboratories Inc., where he was responsible for overall pipeline development and key areas of commercial operations, including regulatory affairs, quality control and assurance, manufacturing and distribution, preclinical and clinical research, and medical affairs, as well as coordination of commercial launch preparation activities. From 1996 to 1998, Dr. Schaber was a co-founder of Acute Therapeutics Inc., and served as its vice president of regulatory compliance and drug development. From 1994 to 1996, Dr. Schaber was employed by Ohmeda PPD Inc. as worldwide director of regulatory affairs and operations. From 1989 to 1994, Dr. Schaber held a variety of regulatory, development and operations positions with The Liposome Company Inc., and Elkins-Sinn Inc., a division of Wyeth-Ayerst Laboratories. Dr. Schaber received his bachelor’s degree from Western Maryland College, his master’s degree in pharmaceutics from Temple University School of Pharmacy and his PhD in pharmaceutical sciences from the Union Graduate School.
Want to read more Life Sciences Report interviews like this? Sign up for our free e-newsletter, and you’ll learn when new articles have been published. To see a list of recent interviews with industry analysts and commentators, visit our Interviews page.
DISCLOSURE: 
 
 1) Daniel E. Levy conducted this interview for Streetwise Reports LLC, publisher ofThe Gold Report, The Energy Report, The Life Sciences Report and The Mining Report,and provides services to Streetwise Reports as an independent contractor. He or his family owns shares of the company mentioned in this interview: None.
2) Soligenix Inc. paid Streetwise Reports to conduct, produce and distribute the interview.
3) Christopher J. Schaber had final approval of the content and is wholly responsible for the validity of the statements. Opinions expressed are the opinions of Christopher J. Schaber and not of Streetwise Reports or its officers.
4) The interview does not constitute investment advice. Each reader is encouraged to consult with his or her individual financial professional and any action a reader takes as a result of information presented here is his or her own responsibility. By opening this page, each reader accepts and agrees to Streetwise Reports’ terms of use and full legal disclaimer.
5) From time to time, Streetwise Reports LLC and its directors, officers, employees or members of their families, as well as S persons interviewed for articles and interviews on the site, may have a long or short position in securities mentioned. Directors, officers, employees or members of their families are prohibited from making purchases and/or sales of those securities in the open market or otherwise during the up-to-four-week interval from the time of the interview until after it publishes.
Streetwise ? The Life Sciences Report is Copyright









			Rate
			  |  
			 votes
			  |  
			Share



Comments



  Name (Required)  
  Email (Required, but never displayed) 






SubmitSubmit















										Be the first to comment!
									








People Who Read This Also Read












Microsoft Earnings Preview: Revenues Set To Improve As Cloud Services Gain Traction













Union Pacific’s Q2 2017 Earnings Preview: Top Line Growth And Productivity Improvement Initiatives To Boost Earnings













eBay Earnings Preview: StubHub To Drive Revenue Growth, Profits Could Remain Low













Home Depot: Winning In The Multichannel Space













Here’s Why Coca Cola Is Launching “Kinley Flavors” In India













Did T-Mobile’s Growth Slow Down In Q2?













Why We Revised Our Price Estimate For Activision













Can Lockheed Martin Maintain The Momentum In Q2?













IBM Earnings Preview: Revenues Expected To Decline In Q2













Ericsson Q2’17 Preview: Not Much In Store For Ericsson Amidst Weak Markets And Inefficient Cost Savings Program

















 

 





				Sign up for the complete Trefis experience.
			

				Your Email Address:
			


				 
			




					Signup for Free
				



			Thanks for signing up!  Please check your inbox for an important e-mail from us.
		






Community



https://www.reddit.com/4891np
Read More







https://www.reddit.com/4880gq/
Read More







htyjyukuyk,yu @
Read More











Most Popular Analysis






											Microsoft Earnings Preview: Revenues Set To Improve As Cloud Services Gain Traction
										








											Union Pacific’s Q2 2017 Earnings Preview: Top Line Growth And Productivity Improvement Initiatives To Boost Earnings
										








											Here’s Why Coca Cola Is Launching “Kinley Flavors” In India
										
















EXPLORE TREFIS


Home
About Us
Resources
Contact Us
Careers
Terms of Use










©Copyright 2017 Insight Guru Inc. All Rights Reserved.
By using the Site, you agree to be bound by our Terms of
								Use.  Financial market data powered by Quotemedia.com.
								Consensus EPS estimates are from QuoteMedia and are updated every weekday.
								All rights reserved.

								NYSE/AMEX data delayed 20 minutes.  NASDAQ and other
								data delayed 15 minutes unless indicated.
								



 
 
  





 




Related Articles


							Textron Q2 Earnings: Growth At Bell And Industrial Drive Overall Revenues
						
						– Read More
					



					Visualize Related Companies:
					



Close



















		This site requires JavaScript to function properly.
	For help enabling JavaScript click here.
	




































































View Profile
Follow
Block
























View All Companies Ask Analyst











Facebook
LinkedIn
Twitter











 
FEEDBACK ON TREFIS



				How likely is it that you would recommend Trefis to a friend or colleague?
(0 = not at all likely, 10 = extremely likely)


0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10



Your email (optional, but please include if you want us to reply)


Feedback:


Send






Hide this message
















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft














christopher j schaber - NetFind Content Results










AOL Search
Skip over navigation


















Search the Web




























Web


Web



Content











Anyone's Record? | Records.TruthFinder.com



Ad
 ·
Records.TruthFinder.com



Did you know anyone's possible criminal history is online





Search Records Now



Best People Search




Best Background Check



Find Out the Truth





We Found Them | peoplelooker.com



Ad
 ·
www.peoplelooker.com



View Background Report for Anyone at Your Fingertips!





Uncover Potential Relatives



Location History



Photos & Videos



Email Address





We Found J Christopher | secure.beenverified.com



Ad
 ·
secure.beenverified.com



1) J Christopher's Photo 2) Address 3) Phone & More. Find Now.





People Search



Best Background Check



Search By Name



Social Media
















J. Christopher Kovats-Bernat




J. Christopher Kovats-Bernat (born 1970) is an American cultural anthropologist, and the author of Sleeping Rough in Port-au- An Ethnography of Street Children and Violence in Haiti

more


Go to:
Encyclopedia
-
News
-
Videos
-
Reference


Source:
Wikipedia







Results From The WOW.Com Content Network

Mucositis - WOW.com

www.wow.com/wiki/Mucositis


Mucositis is the painful ... Takenaka, Shunsuke; Rozek, Annett; Kielczewska, Agnieszka; Opal, Steven; Morici, Lisa A.; Finlay, B.Brett; Schaber, Christopher J ...


Penny Bernard Schaber - WOW.com

www.wow.com/wiki/Penny_Bernard_Schaber


Penny Bernard Schaber's career in healthcare brought her to Wisconsin where she started working in hospitals ... 2010 defeating Republican challenger Chris Hanson ...


Sacramento County Superior Court - WOW.com

www.wow.com/wiki/Sacramento_County_Superior_Court


The Sacramento County Superior Court is the California Superior Court located in ... The Gordon D. Schaber downtown courthouse is the ... Christopher E. Krueger ...


Amanda Stuck - WOW.com

www.wow.com/wiki/Amanda_Stuck


On November 4, 2014, Stuck was elected to the Wisconsin State Assembly, as a Democrat, succeeding Penny Bernard Schaber. [3] In 2016, Stuck ran unopposed for ...


Meteor Crater - WOW.com

www.wow.com/wiki/Meteor_Crater


Meteor Crater is a meteorite impact crater approximately 37 miles ... ^ Schaber, Gerald G. "A ... Chris Sale to start in MLB All-Star Game.


Sacramento County Sheriff's Department - WOW.com

www.wow.com/wiki/Sacramento_County_Sheriff's_Department


Gordon D. Schaber Facility ... Since the establishment of the Sacramento County Sheriff's Department, ... Christopher W. Boone: Thursday, October 25, ...


List of horror films of 1990 - WOW.com

www.wow.com/wiki/List_of_horror_films_of_1990


List of horror films of 1990. ... A list of horror films released in 1990. ... Jeff Doucette, Christopher Burgard, Melanie Shatner


B612 Foundation - WOW.com

content.wow.com/wiki/B612_Foundation


The B612 Foundation is a private nonprofit foundation headquartered in Menlo Park, ... ^ Schaber, Gerald G. "A ... Chris A. Doomsday 1: ...


Red Deer municipal election, 2010 - WOW.com

www.wow.com/wiki/Red_Deer_municipal_election,_2010


The 2010 Red Deer municipal election was held Monday, October 18, 2010. Since 1968, provincial legislation has required every municipality to hold triennial elections.


2009–10 WHL season - WOW.com

www.wow.com/wiki/2009–10_WHL_season


← Chris Langkow: EVT trades 6th Round Draft Pick in the 2010 WHL Bantam Draft and 3rd Round Draft Pick in the 2011 WHL Bantam Draft ... CGY trades Chase Schaber, ...










Anyone's Record? | Records.TruthFinder.com



Ad
 ·
Records.TruthFinder.com



Did you know anyone's possible criminal history is online





Search Records Now



Best People Search




Best Background Check



Find Out the Truth





We Found Them | peoplelooker.com



Ad
 ·
www.peoplelooker.com



View Background Report for Anyone at Your Fingertips!





Uncover Potential Relatives



Location History



Photos & Videos



Email Address





We Found J Christopher | secure.beenverified.com



Ad
 ·
secure.beenverified.com



1) J Christopher's Photo 2) Address 3) Phone & More. Find Now.





People Search



Best Background Check



Search By Name



Social Media




Searches related tochristopher j schaber



matthew schaber


scott schaber


gordon schaber


gordon d schaber courthouse



schaber contracting inc


amethyst schaber


kelsey schaber chicago title




123Next

Related Searches



matthew schaber


scott schaber


gordon schaber


gordon d schaber courthouse


schaber contracting inc


amethyst schaber


kelsey schaber chicago title




















Search the Web

















© AOL Inc. All Rights Reserved.Privacy
 | Terms of Use
 | Preferences
 | Contact Us
 | Powered by Bing™

Wow.com - Part of the AOL Search Network














christopher j schaber - WOW.com - Web Results










AOL Search
Skip over navigation

















Search the Web



























Web





Images


Images




Reference


Reference










We Found Them | peoplelooker.com



Ad
 ·
www.peoplelooker.com



View Background Report for Anyone at Your Fingertips!





Uncover Potential Relatives



Photos & Videos



Historical Deeds




Location History



Email Address



Monitor Social Info





Know Christopher Schaber? - Want Info on Christopher Schaber?



Ad
 ·
Records.TruthFinder.com



Want Info on Christopher Schaber? Just Search A Name and State.





Search Records Now



Best Background Check



Find Out the Truth




Learn More



Best People Search



Search Arrest Records





Searches related tochristopher j schaber



matthew schaber


scott schaber


gordon schaber


gordon d schaber courthouse



schaber contracting inc


amethyst schaber


kelsey schaber chicago title




Web Results

Christopher J. Schaber, PhD | Professional Profile

https://www.linkedin.com/in/cschaber


View Christopher J. Schaber, PhD’S professional profile on LinkedIn. LinkedIn is the world's largest business network, helping professionals like Christopher J ...


Schaber, Christopher J. - The Wall Street Transcript

https://www.twst.com/bio/christopher-j-schaber-ph-d


Christopher J. Schaber, Ph.D., has over 27 years of experience in the pharmaceutical and biotechnology industry, and has been Soligenix, Inc.’s President, Chief ...


Christopher J. Schaber Ph.D. - Executive Bio, Compensation ...

people.equilar.com/bio/christopher-schaber-soligenix/salary/65845


Christopher J. Schaber, PhD has over 25 years of experience in the pharmaceutical and biotechnology industry. Dr. Schaber has been our President and Chief Executive ...


Vice Chairman: Christopher J. Schaber, Ph.D. | BioNJ

bionj.org/board-officers/vice-chairman-christopher-schaber


Soligenix, Inc., President and Chief Executive Officer. Christopher J. Schaber, PhD has over 25 years experience in the pharmaceutical and biotechnology industry.


Expert - Christopher Schaber - Streetwise Reports

https://www.streetwisereports.com/pub/htdocs/expert.html?id=10253


Christopher J. Schaber, Ph.D., has more than 25 years of experience in the pharmaceutical and biotechnology industry. Dr. Schaber has been the Soligenix president ...


Dr. Christopher J. Schaber,PhD - Executive Bio ...

executives.findthecompany.com/l/8511/Dr-Christopher-J-Schaber-PhD


Find compensation and employment information for Dr. Christopher J. Schaber,PhD (Soligenix), including salary, stock awards, and previous employers.


CEO Leadership Series: Christopher J. Schaber, PhD ...

ashtontweed.com/ceo-leadership-series-christopher-j-schaber-phd...


WALKING A TIGHTROPE BETWEEN DRUG DEVELOPMENT AND FUNDRAISING For Christopher J. Schaber, successfully helming Soligenix Inc. involves walking a tightro...


The Executive Team for Soligenix, Inc

www.soligenix.com/about-us/leadership/executive-team


Christopher J. Schaber, PhD President and Chief Executive Officer Christopher J. Schaber has over 27 years of experience in the pharmaceutical and biotechnology industry.


SNGX Christopher J. Schaber Insider Trades for Soligenix Inc.

www.marketwatch.com/investing/stock/SNGX/insiders?pid=346365


Dr. Christopher J. Schaber is a Member-Corporate Council at National Organization for Rare Disorders, Inc., a Member-Corporate Council at American Society for Blood ...


Christopher Schaber - Historical records and family trees ...

https://www.myheritage.com/names/christopher_schaber


Explore historical records and family tree profiles about Christopher Schaber on MyHeritage, the world's family history network.










We Found Them | peoplelooker.com



Ad
 ·
www.peoplelooker.com



View Background Report for Anyone at Your Fingertips!





Uncover Potential Relatives



Photos & Videos



Historical Deeds




Location History



Email Address



Monitor Social Info





Know Christopher Schaber? - Want Info on Christopher Schaber?



Ad
 ·
Records.TruthFinder.com



Want Info on Christopher Schaber? Just Search A Name and State.





Search Records Now



Best Background Check



Find Out the Truth




Learn More



Best People Search



Search Arrest Records




Searches related tochristopher j schaber



matthew schaber


scott schaber


gordon schaber


gordon d schaber courthouse



schaber contracting inc


amethyst schaber


kelsey schaber chicago title




12345Next






Answers







J. Christopher Kovats-Bernat



J. Christopher Kovats-Bernat (born 1970) is an American cultural anthropologist, and the author of Sleeping Rough in Port-au- An Ethnography of Street...

more






Christopher J. O'Hara



Christopher J. O'Hara is an internationally renowned trumpet soloist, chamber musician, and educator. At the age of 16 in his home town of Bensenville,...

more






Sacramento County Superior Court



The Sacramento County Superior Court is the California Superior Court located in Sacramento with jurisdiction over Sacramento County. Courthouses...

more



















Search the Web

















© AOL Inc. All Rights Reserved.Privacy
 | Terms of Use
 | About our Ads
 | Preferences
 | Contact Us
 | Powered by Bing™

Part of the AOL Search Network.





















Loading Your Search Results - PeopleLooker.com























Updating Data On {{nameize fn}}{{#if mi}} {{nameize mi}}{{/if}} {{nameize ln}} {{#validLocation city}}in {{city}}{{#validLocation state}},{{/validLocation}} {{/validLocation}}{{#validLocation state}}{{#unless city}}in {{/unless}}{{uppercase state}}{{/validLocation}}
Important! PeopleLooker uses real public records. The information may be surprising.












Less than 30 seconds remaining


Continue to Results 







Now
We look up all people named {{nameize fn}} {{nameize ln}}.




Next
You pick which one you're looking for.




Then
We search our database for info on them.




Hooray!
You get your report!












Where does {{nameize fn}}{{#if mi}} {{uppercase mi}}{{/if}} {{nameize ln}}
live?
Please help us narrow down your search











All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





I'm not sure














Please enter a full name
Please help us narrow down your search







First Name:

Please Enter First Name


Last Name:

Please Enter Last Name












































People Searching Made Easy! | PeopleLooker
































Looking to Find Out About Someone?

Find information you may not get on Google.












State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





Search





We respect your privacy.













We've run over


1,000,000


background reports!
Successful background reports!









Access Premium Public Records

Quickly search public records that could otherwise take you weeks or months
to collect. Find friends, relatives, neighbors, or even yourself. Comprehensive
people search reports may contain:




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records




Relatives
Email Addresses
Much More!




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth
Relatives
Email Addresses




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records
Much More!







The New Way to Find People
More than a regular search engine.

It's the quick and easy way to look people up. Do a deep public record
search to uncover the important information you're looking for. Now you'll
never have to search someone on google again.





































People Searching Made Easy! | PeopleLooker
































Looking to Find Out About Someone?

Find information you may not get on Google.












State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





Search





We respect your privacy.













We've run over


1,000,000


background reports!
Successful background reports!









Access Premium Public Records

Quickly search public records that could otherwise take you weeks or months
to collect. Find friends, relatives, neighbors, or even yourself. Comprehensive
people search reports may contain:




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records




Relatives
Email Addresses
Much More!




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth
Relatives
Email Addresses




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records
Much More!







The New Way to Find People
More than a regular search engine.

It's the quick and easy way to look people up. Do a deep public record
search to uncover the important information you're looking for. Now you'll
never have to search someone on google again.





































People Searching Made Easy! | PeopleLooker
































Looking to Find Out About Someone?

Find information you may not get on Google.












State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





Search





We respect your privacy.













We've run over


1,000,000


background reports!
Successful background reports!









Access Premium Public Records

Quickly search public records that could otherwise take you weeks or months
to collect. Find friends, relatives, neighbors, or even yourself. Comprehensive
people search reports may contain:




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records




Relatives
Email Addresses
Much More!




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth
Relatives
Email Addresses




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records
Much More!







The New Way to Find People
More than a regular search engine.

It's the quick and easy way to look people up. Do a deep public record
search to uncover the important information you're looking for. Now you'll
never have to search someone on google again.





































People Searching Made Easy! | PeopleLooker
































Looking to Find Out About Someone?

Find information you may not get on Google.












State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





Search





We respect your privacy.













We've run over


1,000,000


background reports!
Successful background reports!









Access Premium Public Records

Quickly search public records that could otherwise take you weeks or months
to collect. Find friends, relatives, neighbors, or even yourself. Comprehensive
people search reports may contain:




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records




Relatives
Email Addresses
Much More!




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth
Relatives
Email Addresses




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records
Much More!







The New Way to Find People
More than a regular search engine.

It's the quick and easy way to look people up. Do a deep public record
search to uncover the important information you're looking for. Now you'll
never have to search someone on google again.





















