















Management Team :: Ekso Bionics Holdings, Inc. (EKSO)


































    	Investors
    


Investors

Overview


Annual Meeting


Analyst Coverage


Company Presentations


News / Events


Press Releases


In The News


IR Calendar


Newsletters


Email Alerts




Company Info


Profile


Management Team


Contacts


FAQ




Financial Info


Balance Sheet


Income Statement


Cash Flow


Financial Results




Stock Data


Quote


Charts


Historical Data




SEC Filings


All SEC Filings


Annual Reports


Quarterly Reports


Section 16 Filings




 Governance


Board of Directors


Board Committees


Governance Documents




Investor Tools 

Email Alerts
Tear Sheet
Contacts
RSS News Feed






Email Alerts
Tear Sheet
Contacts
RSS News Feed











Company Information

Profile


Management Team


Contacts


FAQ


 


Management Team






Tom Looby
President and Chief Executive Officer
Tom is President and CEO of Ekso Bionics. He joined the company in April 2014 as the company’s Chief Marketing Officer, a role in which he led the development and execution of the company’s global rehabilitation marketing strategy. Prior to joining Ekso Bionics, Tom served as Senior Vice President and Chief Marketing Officer at Given Imaging, now part of Medtronic, where he was responsible for worldwide market development for PillCam® capsule endoscopy and other novel diagnostics technologies.  Tom has a BS from University of Notre Dame in Chemical Engineering and an MBA from the University of Dayton. 






Russ Angold
President, EksoWorks
Mr. Angold is the Co-Founder and has served as the Chief Technology Officer of Ekso Bionics since December 2011. From the founding of Ekso Bionics until December 2011, Mr. Angold served as Vice President of Engineering. Prior to joining Ekso Bionics, Mr. Angold held various engineering positions at Rain Bird Corporation, Berkeley Process Control and the Irrigation Training and Research Center in San Luis Obispo, California. Mr. Angold is also the Founding President and Chairman of the Bridging Bionics Foundation. Mr. Angold is a registered Professional Mechanical Engineer and holds a bachelor’s degree in BioResource and Agricultural Engineering from California Polytechnic State University, San Luis Obispo 






Max Scheder-Bieschin
Chief Financial Officer
Mr. Scheder-Bieschin joined Ekso Bionics in January 2011 as its Chief Financial Officer. From November 2009 until he joined Ekso Bionics, Mr. Scheder-Bieschin was an independent consultant for a number of emerging technology companies, including Ekso Bionics. From March 2007 to October 2009, he was co-founder and CEO of Barefoot Motors, a designer and manufacturer of electric all-terrain vehicles. From October 2005 to February 2007, Mr. Scheder-Bieschin served as President of ZAP, a publicly-traded distributor of electric vehicles. From August 1997 to March 2004, Mr. Scheder-Bieschin lived in Frankfurt, serving in senior investment banking roles for BHF-Bank, ING Barings and Deutsche Bank. Mr. Scheder-Bieschin received his BA in economics from Stanford University. He attended New York University and Stanford University’s Executive Program. 






Darrell Musick
Vice President, Clinical
Mr. Musick is the Vice President of Clinical Services and joined Ekso Bionics in December of 2010. He is a physical therapist with over 20 years of clinical experience specializing in the field of spinal cord injury. Prior to working at Ekso Bionics, Mr. Musick was the Director of Physical Therapy at Craig Hospital in Englewood, CO and worked over 14 years at Santa Clara Valley Medical Center as the PT Supervisor of spinal cord injury. He currently serves on the Craig H. Neilsen Foundation Quality of Life Programs (QOL) Review Board and is a member of The Academy of Spinal Cord Injury professionals. 






Bianca Clinch Momand
Vice President, Sales North America
Mrs. Momand joined Ekso Bionics as part of the sales team in 2012. Her role transitioned to the Director of Customer Experience and sales support in 2013, and she took over as VP of Sales, Americas in 2016. Prior to starting at Ekso Bionics she served as a Clinical Sales and Support representative for a leading functional electrical stimulation company. With over 12 years experience as a Spinal Cord Injury Exercise Specialist, she helped develop and grow SCI wellness programs around the country. 






Greg Davault
Vice President, Global Marketing
Mr. Davault joined Ekso Bionics in March 2015 as Vice President, Global Marketing, where he drives global commercialization efforts for EKSO GT and manages the customer-facing departments of the medical business. Prior to joining Ekso Bionics, Mr. Davault was the Vice President of Global Market Development at Given Imaging, now part of Medtronic, where he was responsible for creating and executing the go-to-market strategy for PillCam COLON Capsule Endoscopy. He also led corporate strategy and in his last role managed the PillCam franchise. Mr. Davault served in various sales and marketing roles with St. Jude Medical, Kimberly-Clark Healthcare, and Standard Register, and has over 25 years of experience in health care sales and marketing.
Mr. Davault received his MBA from Georgia State University and his BS in Marketing from Indiana University. 






Russ DeLonzor
Vice President, Operations
Mr. DeLonzor joined Ekso in October, 2015 as Vice President of Operations responsible for leading Research and Development, Manufacturing, Quality Assurance, and Regulatory Affairs.  Mr. DeLonzor’s 25-year career commercializing innovative medical products spans a broad range of organizational settings from early stage start-up through Fortune 500.  Most recently Mr. DeLonzor was the President of Halt Medical leading a team to develop an alternative to hysterectomy, establishing clinical evidence and new insurance coverage for the minimally invasive procedure.  Mr. DeLonzor holds an MBA and earned his BS in Mechanical Engineering from California State University, Sacramento. 






Tom Mastaler
SVP of Business Development - Industrial
Mr. Mastaler joined Ekso Bionics in Feb 2015 to establish an Industrial Business within the company to serve able-bodied workers in Construction and Manufacturing industries.  He executed the market research supporting the Industrial initiative and developed the business plan outlining the implementation and growth potential for exoskeletons technology throughout the industries.  Prior to joining the company, Mr. Mastaler held senior management positions covering Operations, Engineering and Business functions with Milwaukee Electric and Dewalt Power Tools companies.  Mr. Mastaler received an MBA from Marquette University and a BS in Mechanical Engineering from the University of Notre Dame. 






Matthias Stief
Managing Director, Ekso Bionics Europe GmbH
Mr. Stief has more than 20 years of global sales, marketing and general management experience in the field of gastrointestinal endoscopy.  Previously he was the VP, International Marketing and Managing Director at EndoChoice GmbH, leading product and service marketing in Asia-Pacific and European key markets.  Prior to this he was VP of Sales & Marketing EMEA at Given Imaging, where his responsibilities included Canada, Latin America, Asia Pacific and Sales & Marketing Manager EMEA at Pentax Medical Europe, where he focused on direct sales in France & Benelux and market development for GI endoscopy.  He has also worked as a Sales Engineer at Siemssen & Co working as Distributor Sales Manager for Carl Zeiss products in India, and as Product Manager (anesthesia) at Hoyer Medizintechnik. 

 











    Max Scheder-Bieschin | EKSO BIONICS HOLDINGS, INC. | ZoomInfo.com


EKSO Max Scheder-Bieschin Insider Trades for Ekso Bionics Holdings Inc.


































Bulletin






Investor Alert







London Markets Close in:



Currencies
Futures
Metals Stocks


















Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close































Ekso Bionics Holdings Inc.

                  NASDAQ: EKSO
          



GO



Set Alerts
Find a Broker




Join TD Ameritrade




Market Index


 

Overview
      
Profile
      
News
      
Charts
      
Financials
      
Historical Quotes
      
Analyst Estimates
      
Options
      
SEC Filings
      
Insiders
      


/marketstate/country/us

Ekso Bionics Holdings Inc.



Market open
 --Real time quotes
Jul 28, 2017, 11:08 a.m.


EKSO

/quotes/zigman/75677453/composite


$
1.67




Change

+0.02
+1.21%

Volume
Volume 46,204
Real time quotes








/quotes/zigman/75677453/composite
Previous close

$
			1.65
		


$
				1.67
			
Change

+0.02
+1.21%





Day low
Day high
$1.63
$1.74










52 week low
52 week high

            $0.99
        

            $6.55
        


















Insider Activity


Individual




Max Scheder-Bieschin



Mr. Max Scheder-Bieschin is CFO & Principal Accounting Officer at Ekso Bionics Holdings, Inc. and Chief Financial Officer at Ekso Bionics, Inc. Mr. Scheder-Bieschin was previously employed as President by ZAP. He received his undergraduate degree from Stanford University.



Transactions


Date
Shares
Transaction
Value





11/11/2016
1,000


 
Acquisition at $4 per share.


4,000





        Copyright 2017 FactSet Research Systems Inc. All rights reserved. Source FactSet Fundamentals.
    











            Officers and Executives
        





Mr. Russell L. DeLonzor 
Vice President-Operations




Mr. Darrell  Musick 
Vice President-Clinical Services




Mr. Chris  Tagatac 
Director-Investor Relations




Mr. Thomas  Mastaler 
Vice President-Business Development




Mr. Howard D. Palefsky 
Director




Mr. Gregory  Davault 
Vice President-Global Marketing









Trending Tickers


/quotes/zigman/17636479/composite VUZI+15.60%


/quotes/zigman/237947/composite JCP-5.83%


/quotes/zigman/59392505/composite NUGT-2.93%


/quotes/zigman/59386294/composite JNUG-5.94%


/quotes/zigman/65801738/composite TLT+1.11%


X




Powered by














Log In




11:22 AM EDT
July 28, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Open


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Open


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
11:22aOne way you’re paying credit-card fees, even if you don’t have a card
11:18aStock market edges lower, on track for weekly losses 
11:18aOil sets sights on biggest weekly gain of the year
11:16aUPDATE: Invisalign maker Align stocks surge 8% after earnings blow past estimates
11:12aAirbus to sell plant holdings to Motorola
11:11aAmerican Airlines profit falls, unit revenue gains
11:11aChevron swings to profit as charges shrink
11:11aSears Canada's biggest shareholders call off bid
11:10aRedfin's stock debuts 30% above its IPO price
11:10aTime for GOP to face reality: Everybody is going to have health insurance
11:09aBP earnings: What to expect
11:09aExxon, Chevron post strong profits 
11:08aChina penalizes nine banks for forex violations
11:06aRedfin's stock opens at $19.56, or 30% above $15 IPO price
11:03aEurope’s refugee crisis won’t be solved in a distant court
11:01aWhat Trump could do to make Obamacare ‘implode’
10:58aFoxconn’s history of broken promises casts a shadow on Wisconsin news
10:56aHere’s something that can improve your memory — and help you sleep
10:56a$1 million or $5,000 a month: which would you choose?
10:55aThis city’s subway system will soon run mostly on renewable energy
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,788.13

-8.42
-0.04%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,364.19

-18.00
-0.28%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,468.31

-7.11
-0.29%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15

























































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











Max Scheder-Bieschin - AngelList
































































Join
 
Log In







AngelList


Startup Jobs

Recruit

Invest

More





Companies

Freelancers

Incubators

Track

Salaries
Valuations

Help











Your Alumni Network








Companies

Freelancers

Incubators

Track

Salaries
Valuations

Help











































Max Scheder-Bieschin






CFO @Ekso Bionics • Worked at @Deutsche Bank, Founded Barefoot Motors • Studied at @Stanford







Stanford University










5 Connections



















There was a problem loading your content.


















Max Scheder-Bieschin



Log in
or
sign up
to find connections to Max.





Connect














Experience








Exit





Ekso Bionics


Founder












Carina


Employee












Deutsche Bank


Employee








Founder

Ekso Bionics



Employee

Deutsche Bank, 
Carina



Investor

 



Syndicator

 



Incubator

 



Advisor

 



Attorney

 



Board Member

 



Mentor

 



Member

 



Acquired

 



Customer

 



Service Provider

 












Education















About










Markets






Clean Technology
Mobile
Health Care























People also viewed












giancarlo illica











Rishi Mathew


Co-Founder/CEO @keepe. Led Growth,...












Mrs Maria Santos


Senior Marketing Specialist at...











Eva Dee Owens


Manager of Marketing & Operations at...












Dishi Solanki


Technical Recruiter - Jobscan











Danielle Bartoletti












Neda Talyai


Believer in all things Social,...











Russ Angold


Co-Founder @ekso-bionics • Worked at...





























Help
·
Directory
·
Blog
Twitter
·
Terms & Risks
·
Unsubscribe

·
Mobile



·
Desktop


·

Profile not verified










        
        Max Scheder - Bieschin, Ekso Bionics - C-Suite TV        
        






















































 








































Shows

Prime Time

Best Seller TVC-Suite with Jeffrey HayzlettExecutive Perspectives LIVEGood Company 
Featured

Above The Clutter with Pete KrainikAlan Olsen's American DreamsMarketing Today with Alan HartMedia for C-SuiteMind Your Business with Yitzchok SaftlasRun Towards The Roar with Jason ForrestSmartFem TVThe Keynote 
Showcase

Alex Vachon's VlogAmazing Business TV with  Shep HykenBusiness Builders ShowBusiness Life TVFOMOFanzGrategyThe DEAN's List with Dean LindsayThe Proteus Leader Show 

Topics

Topics

AccountingArtsBiography & HistoryBusinessBusiness CultureCareersComedyCommunicationsCorporate GovernanceEconomicsEducation & ReferenceFinanceFood 
Topics

Games & HobbiesGovernment & OrganizationsHealth & WellnessHuman ResourcesIndustriesInternationalInvestingLeadershipLifestyleLuxuryManagement & LeadershipMarketing & SalesMusic 
Topics

News & PoliticsPersonal FinanceProcesses & InfrastructureReligion & SpiritualityScience & MedicineSkillsSmall Business & EntrepreneurshipSociety & CultureSports & RecreationTaxationTechnologyTravelWomen in Business 

AboutContact UsNetwork

C-Suite NetworkC-Suite RadioC-Suite Book Club
Login














 






Some of the best business conversations happen live on stage.  Host Jeffrey Hayzlett gives you a front row seat to discussions he is having from stages all over the country.








					Max Scheder – Bieschin, Ekso Bionics				

 

Max Scheder -Bieschin sat down to talk about how Ekso Bionics is investing in technology that is helping hospitals provide mobility to spinal cord injury and stroke patients as well as injured military personnel with the help of a “wearable exoskeleton.” This device is capable of helping increase mobility in patients, while still managing to keep costs manageable for hospitals.
The business of medical technology is an expensive one and the results are almost never immediate, but the rewards are immense. Scheder-Bieschin says keeping investors informed on what’s being done with their money, being transparent about their milestones and delivering on those milestones allows the company to take those investors on their journey along with them. Being a publicly-traded company helps create a high level of transparency, a best-practice of sorts, and evangelizes the new technology to clients and investors. He described running a publicly-traded company as “messy, like democracy.”




Season 8 Episodes





                            How Harley Davidson Created Demand As Told at NSSF                            

                            Join the one-on-one interview with Ken Schmidt, former Director of Communications for...                            



swipe to see more


Season 7 Episodes





                            John Haber, Spend Management Experts                            

                            John Haber, Founder and CEO, Spend Management Experts sat down with host...                            

 



                            Max Scheder – Bieschin, Ekso Bionics                            

                            Max Scheder -Bieschin sat down to talk about how Ekso Bionics is investing...                            

 



                            Alan Gellman, esurance                            

                            Alan Gellman, Managing Director and Chief Marketing Officer, esurance sat down with...                            

 



                            Tom Edwards, Epsilon                            

                            Tom Edwards, Chief Digital Officer, Agency at Epsilon sat down with host...                            



swipe to see more


Season 6 Episodes





                            Neal Campbell, CDW                            

                            Neal Campbell, Senior Vice President, Strategic Solutions and Services at CDW, talks...                            

 



                            Sudhir Kulkarni, Persistent Systems                            

                            Sudhir Kulkarni, President, Digital at Persistent Systems, believes there has been a...                            

 



                            Barbara Jones, Consul General of Ireland in New York                            

                            Barbara Jones, Consul General of Ireland in New York, talked about the...                            

 



                            Nancy Gibbs, TIME                            

                            Nancy Gibbs, Editor-in-Chief of TIME, talked about a number of issues surrounding...                            



swipe to see more


Season 5 Episodes





                            Alan Fine, InsideOut Development                            

                            Host Jeffrey Hayzlett talks to Alan Fine, Founder and President InsideOut Development...                            

 



                            Matt Preschern, HCL Technologies                            

                            Matt Preschern is the Executive Vice President and CMO at HCL Technologies,...                            

 



                            Jay Samit                            

                            Jay Samit defines disruption as a change where you never go back....                            

 



                            Faith Popcorn, BrainReserve                            

                            Faith Popcorn is often referred to as the “Nostradamus of marketing” for...                            

 



                            Joe Hart, Dale Carnegie Training                            

                            Joe Hart is President and CEO of Dale Carnegie Training — a...                            

 



                            Beth Comstock, GE                            

                            Whatever the age of your company, you should always be wondering what’s...                            



swipe to see more


Season 4 Episodes





                            Ranjana Clark Head of Transaction Banking, MUFG of the Americas                            

                            When it comes to innovation, every industry has a hand in shaping...                            

 



                            Bob Vescio, Verizon and Emily Mossburg, Deloitte                            

                            Every business is worried about cyber security and how such breaches hinder their...                            

 



                            Dan Nelson, Nelson Schmidt                            

                            Dan Nelson defines ‘considered purchase marketing’ as something that has an emotional...                            

 



                            Keith Krach, DocuSign                            

                            When it comes to challenging the status quo, Keith Krach is the...                            

 



                            Linda Kaplan Thaler                            

                            Linda Kaplan-Thaler is a true force in the advertising industry. Throughout her...                            

 



                            Rob Harles, Accenture                            

                            Rob Harles, Managing Director and Global Head of Social Business for Accenture...                            

 



                            Doug Albregts, Sharp Imaging and Information Company of America                            

                            Doug Albregts, president of Sharp Imaging and Information Company of America, realizes...                            



swipe to see more


Season 3 Episodes





                            Tony Hunter, Chicago Tribune Media Group                            

                            Tony Hunter became the Publisher and CEO of the Chicago Tribune in...                            

 



                            Chuck Lovelace, Liberty Tax Service                            

                            After the signing of President Obama’s signature legislation, the Affordable Care Act,...                            

 



                            Jack Myers, MyersBizNet                            

                            Jack Myers is a Media Ecologist, and as such, he studies media...                            

 



                            Ron Carucci, Navalent                            

                            Ron Carucci, the Owner and Managing Partner at Navalent, is a seasoned...                            

 



                            Nolan Bushnell                            

                            Host Jeffrey Hayzlett sits down with Nolan Bushnell to get business advise...                            

 



                            Janet Schijns and Bryan Sartin, Verizon                            

                            Every company, every individual is vulnerable to digital attacks and you may...                            



swipe to see more


Season 2 Episodes





                            Kevin Joyce                            

                            Kevin Joyce, Chief Commercial Officer of Piksel, sits down with host Jeffrey...                            

 



                            Matt Preschern, HCL Technologies                            

                            Matt Preschern, EVP and CMO of HCL Technologies, who is a global...                            

 



                            Adam Johnson                            

                            Adam Johnson, Founder of Insight & Action Advisors sits down with host...                            

 



                            Andy Frawley, Epsilon                            

                            Client engagement and experience is an essential part of your company’s success....                            

 



                            Chris Lindner, Keds                            

                            Chris Lindner, president of Keds, sits down with host Jeffrey Hayzlett on...                            

 



                            Rich Gotham                            

                            Rich Gotham, President of the Boston Celtics, one of the most storied...                            

 



                            Kevin Jonas                            

                            In the second season premiere, host Jeffrey Hayzlett interviews former boy band...                            



swipe to see more


Season 1 Episodes





                            GJ Hart                            

                            In this episode, host Jeffrey Hayzlett talks to the Executive Chairman, Chief...                            

 



                            Jordan Brandt                            

                            Jordan Brandt, Technology Futurist for Autodesk, sits down to discuss what is...                            

 



                            Jeff Lowe                            

                            Jeff Lowe, Vice President of Marketing at SMART Technologies, talks about how...                            

 



                            Paul Carbone                            

                            Paul Carbone, the Chief Financial Officer of Dunkin’ Brands, sits down to...                            

 



                            Peter Philippi                            

                            Strategex CEO, Peter Philippi, talks about using the 80/20 model to tell...                            

 



                            Dave Pottruck                            

                            Dave Pottruck, former CEO and President of Charles Schwab shares his insights...                            

 



                            RRKidz                            

                            LeVar Burton and Mark Wolfe who founded RRKidz to update Reading Rainbow...                            

 



                            BlogHer                            

                            BlogHer’s founders Lisa Stone, Elisa Camahort Page and Jory Des Jardins discuss...                            



swipe to see more


More Shows





                            FOMOFanz                            

                            FOMOfanz is simplifying the complex and translating the geek speak to cure...                            

 



                            Run Towards The Roar with Jason Forrest                            

                            "What does it take to be a successful entrepreneur?" asks C-Suite Executives....                            

 



                            Media for C-Suite                            

                            Media for C-Suite is a short form TV show that give C-Suite...                            

 



                            The Keynote                            

                            Public Speaking is still the #1 Fear in America, Canada and other...                            

 



                            Alan Olsen’s American Dreams                            

                            Each week, Alan interviews guests have proven themselves as exceptional entrepreneurs and...                            

 



                            Grategy                            

                            You spend a boatload of money in your recruiting and hiring efforts....                            

 



                            The Proteus Leader Show                            

                            Welcome to The Proteus Leader Show on C-Suite TV.  At Proteus,...                            

 



                            The DEAN’s List with Dean Lindsay                            

                            The DEAN's List w/ Dean Lindsay, is C-SUITE Network's UPBEAT SHOW w/...                            

 



                            Business Builders Show                            

                            The Business Builders Show with Marty Wolff on C-Suite TV is for...                            

 



                            Business Life TV                            

                            Shirley Dalton, Aussie host of Business Life TV (formerly Empowered Business TV)...                            

 



                            Marketing Today with Alan Hart                            

                            Alan Hart, host of Marketing Today on C-Suite TV, goes behind the...                            

 



                            SmartFem TV                            

                            Introducing SmartFem TV, Intelligent television for the smart female. Lea Woodford is...                            

 



                            Mind Your Business with Yitzchok Saftlas                            

                            Yitzchok Saftlas is the founder and CEO of Bottom Line Marketing Group,...                            

 



                            Above The Clutter with Pete Krainik                            

                            In this a hyper connected era where busy C-Suite business leaders have...                            

 



                            Amazing Business TV with  Shep Hyken                            

                            On Amazing Business TV on the C-Suite Network, Shep Hyken, professional keynote...                            

 



                            Alex Vachon’s Vlog                            

                            Alex Vachon’s Vlog is all about creativity.  

As a filmmaker based...                            

 



                            Good Company                            

                            Good Company is an insightful look into the business lives of America's...                            

 



                            Executive Perspectives LIVE                            

                            Some of the best business conversations happen live on stage.  Host...                            

 



                            Best Seller TV                            

                            With so many new business books and titles being published each year...                            

 



                            C-Suite with Jeffrey Hayzlett                            

                            Journey to the top of corporate America and head inside the boardroom...                            

 



                            MYOB                            

                            Jeffrey Hayzlett takes you inside the offices of c-suite executives, companies and...                            

 
swipe to see more

































C-Suite LineupPrime Time
Featured
Specials
Reruns


 


Events 
C-Suite Conferences

 
 


Resources 
C-Suite Network
C-Suite Book Club
C-Suite Radio

 
 


 
 
 
 





About
Terms and Conditions
Privacy
Contact
 
					© 2017 C-Suite Holdings, LLC. • media@c-suitetv.com
				




 































Share This





Facebook





Twitter





Google+





Gmail





LinkedIn



















Business Archives - Exoskeleton Report















































 














News Ticker

 


																		June 6, 2017 in Industry: 								

									Interview with Fourier Intelligence at WearRAcon17 – An ExR Exclusive Report								





																		May 31, 2017 in Homemade & DIY: 								

									How to Make a $100 Arm Exoskeleton – ExR Highlight								





																		May 26, 2017 in Industry: 								

									Exoskeleton Awards Highlights Q2 2017								





																		May 22, 2017 in Industry: 								

									Virginia Tech and Lowe’s Innovation Labs Collaborate on a Passive Exosuit, ExR Highlight								





																		May 16, 2017 in Business: 								

									Lockheed Martin Enters into a License Agreement with B-Temia, the Developer of the Keeogo								




 




Business

Exoskeleton business news and articles.



Lockheed Martin Enters into a License Agreement with B-Temia, the Developer of the Keeogo
May 16, 2017 // 0 Comments



 

Lockheed Martin (NYSE: LMT) has licensed the Dermoskeleton™ technology from B-Temia, Inc.  This is the same technology that runs the Keeogo lower body exoskeleton.  Lockheed Martin hopes to integrate the powered exoskeleton technology and apply it to its current product, the FORTIS, and as of yet unreleased products. The FORTIS is a passive [more]
 

Highlight: EduExo Kickstarter
May 9, 2017 // 0 Comments



 

EduExo is on track to become the first commercially available robotic exoskeleton kit for STEM (science technology engineering and mathematics) education.  The EduExo Kickstarter was approved as an all-or-nothing project, meaning it will not be funded unless it reaches the project goal by June 7th, 2017.  Luckily, you now have the opportunity to [more]
 

Publicly Traded Exoskeleton Companies and What Their Stock Tells us About the Exoskeleton Industry
March 13, 2017 // 2 Comments



 

There are currently a dozen exoskeleton companies that are publicly traded.  They are: Activelink/Panasonic Bionik Laboratories Cyberdyne Ekso Bionics Honda Hyundai Lockheed Martin Parker Hannifin Rewalk Robotics Samsung Toyota REX Bionics For a quick investment centered overview of each, see Nanalyze: 9 Robotic Exoskeleton Stocks For Investors [more]
 

Commentary on Executives Perspectives: Max Scheder-Bieschin, CFO Ekso Bionics
February 15, 2017 // 0 Comments



 

C-Suite TV with Jeffery Hayzlett has published an interview with Ekso Bionics CFO Max Scheder-Bieschin.  In the interview, Max Scheder-Bieschin focuses on the current and future medical exoskeleton offerings by Ekso Bionics.  However, his thoughts and opinions have many overarching ideas that can be applied to all medical exoskeletons as well [more]
 

Myomo and Ottobock Global Distribution Agreement
January 27, 2017 // 0 Comments



 

The maker of the mobile assistive arm exoskeleton MyomoPro has entered into an exclusive global distribution agreement with Ottobock.  Ottobock is a giant in the world of prosthetics and orthotics with over 90 years of experience in the business.  According to its corporate website, Ottobock’s four divisions: Prosthetics, Orthotics, [more]
 

PPMD awards $600,000 for Duchenne research study, Ekso Bionics will gain orders.
January 23, 2017 // 2 Comments



 

The nonprofit organization, Parent Project Muscular Dystrophy has awarded a $600,000 grant to the New Jersey Insititute of Technology and Talem Technologies.  The grant is focused on a two-year study on prolonging independence for children and adults suffering from Duchenne muscular dystrophy.  The full article can be found on EurekAlert!  PPMD [more]
 

Myomo becoming an innovation leader in technology and business!
December 8, 2016 // 1 Comment



 

Myomo, maker of the MyoPro arm assistive exoskeleton has announced a proposed IPO through new crowdfunding rules called Reg A+ and plan to list on the New York Stock Exchange.  Myomo, Inc., is a Cambridge, MA medical robotics company specializing in myoelectric orthoses for people with neurological disorders that affect the upper extremity. [more]
 

Modern Healthcare: Why can’t devicemakers and insurers get along?
December 1, 2016 // 0 Comments



 

Adam Rubenfire has written a very persuasive and informative article on the challenges of modern medical technology, such as exoskeleton technology, to be covered by insurance companies in the U.S.  The article was published on Modern Healthcare, November 26th, 2016 and can be found on their website.  The same article is also posted on their [more]
 

Here we go again: Ekso Bionics suffers another short attack
October 27, 2016 // 0 Comments



 

Barely a year and a half after the last one, Ekso Bionics finds itself again under siege from a short attack.  Even though the new damaging litany is clearly labeled  “Important Disclosure: The owners of TheStreetSweeper hold a short position in EKSO and stand to profit on any future declines in the stock price.” there was still a [more]
 

Wearable Robotics Financial News – Summer 2016
September 28, 2016 // 1 Comment



 

Active Bionics closes shop, Microsoft invests in Sarcos, CYBERDYNE suffers a short attack, a German court ruled exoskeletons should be covered by the insurer, and ReWalk Robotics gets sued.  These are only some of the exoskeleton financial and regulation news from August and September 2016. Active Bionics Shuts Down @activebionics demonstrating [more]
 

Ekso Bionics Rings the NASDAQ Closing Bell
September 1, 2016 // 2 Comments



 

Ekso Bionics CEO Thomas Looby had the honor of ringing the August 30th NASDAQ closing bell.  Tom was joined by nearly the entire management team, as well as many other employees and exoskeleton ambassadors.  Ekso Bionics is not the first exoskeleton company to ring the NASDAQ bell.  Nearly two years ago, ReWalk Robotics rang the opening bell in [more]
 

Ekso Bionics Now Trading on NASDAQ
August 10, 2016 // 3 Comments



 

Ekso Bionics, one of the first exoskeleton startups, has been uplisted to the NASDAQ Stock Market.  This marks a giant step forward for Ekso Bionics and dozens of newer wearable robotics companies that are considering going public. Ekso Bionics is based in Richmond, CA.  It has been developing able-body and rehabilitation exoskeletons for over [more]
 

Bioservo Maker of the SEM Glove Enters License Agreement With NASA and GM
July 14, 2016 // 4 Comments



 

NASA, General Motors and Bioservo enter into the ultimate alliance to bring power gloves to the workplace.  For the exoskeleton field, this is the greatest alliance between theoretical science and commercial engineering for an industrial application. This is not the ProGlove (proglove.de) that made the news last month.  The ProGlove is an IoT [more]
 

The Difficulties in Investing in Exoskeleton Companies
June 30, 2016 // 2 Comments



 

Even taking Brexit into consideration, Ekso Bionics and ReWalk Robotics, two of the largest publicly traded exoskeleton companies are trading at or near all time lows.  This highlights that in the current climate it is difficult to invest in exoskeleton companies. Yesterday the publicly traded exoskeleton companies closed at: ReWalk Robotics [more]
 

When is the Exoskeleton Industry Inflection Point and Where Are The Orders?
June 21, 2016 // 3 Comments



 

The vast majority of exoskeleton companies are losing money leaving many investors to wonder when are we going to reach the inflection point?  The exoskeleton industry inflection point is the time when the major companies in the field start turning a profit.  Another side of the same question is the low number of exoskeleton sales.  If the [more]
 

Wyss Institute and ReWalk Robotics Form Collaboration, Is this a new trend?
June 8, 2016 // 3 Comments



 

On May 17, 2016 Harvard University’s Wyss Institute and ReWalk Robotics announced a collaboration to develop an exosuit for patients with limited mobility.  The soft exoskeleton will be used primarily for patients undergoing rehabilitation due to stroke or multiple sclerosis.  There are also plans to develop the Wyss exosuit as a general [more]
 

StrongArm Technologies V22 and FLx Now Sold on 3M’s Website
May 19, 2016 // 0 Comments



 

One large step for ErgoSkeletons™, one even larger step for all exoskeletons.  The V22 and FLx by StrongArm® Technologies have gone on sale on 3M’s website.  This is the first time an exoskeleton has gone on sale on a major North American website.  3M is a titanic distributor and manufacturer with over 55,000 products, predominantly in the [more]
 

Ekso Bionics 1-for-7 Reverse Split, Eyes Listing On NASDAQ
May 9, 2016 // 2 Comments



 

The California-based exoskeleton manufacturer, Ekso Bionics, entered a 1-for-7 reverse stock split on Wed, May 4th, 2016.  This comes only 6 days before its scheduled 1st Quarter of 2016 financial report.  Many in the financial community have already predicted this would happen.  Ekso stock has traded at or below the important $1.00 per share [more]
 

SuperFlex Spin-Off From SRI, Bay Area Becomes Exoskeleton Hub
April 26, 2016 // 0 Comments



 

SuperFlex is now the newest spin-off company of SRI Robotics, part of SRI International.  For the time being, SuperFlex will be the name of the company and their flagship exoskeleton/exosuit product.  Creating spin-off companies is a regular activity for SRI Robotics and it shows that enough people believe the FlexSuit is ready for commercial [more]
 

Ekso GT Cleared by FDA For Clinical Use
April 12, 2016 // 0 Comments



 

The Ekso GT by Ekso Bionics has finally been cleared by the FDA for clinical use.  The company received clearance to market its exoskeleton for use in rehabilitation centers for the treatment of individuals with hemiplegia due to stroke, individuals with spinal cord injuries at levels T4 to L5, and individuals with spinal cord injuries at levels [more]
 1
2
» 

Search:




Connect with us on Facebook
News In Pictures                      Visit our media partner:Twitter FeedMy TweetsVisit our lifestyle sister site:Recent Posts  


Interview with Fourier Intelligence at WearRAcon17 – An ExR Exclusive Report
0 Comments

 


How to Make a $100 Arm Exoskeleton – ExR Highlight
1 Comment

 


Exoskeleton Awards Highlights Q2 2017
3 Comments

 


Virginia Tech and Lowe’s Innovation Labs Collaborate on a Passive Exosuit, ExR Highlight
0 Comments

 


Lockheed Martin Enters into a License Agreement with B-Temia, the Developer of the Keeogo
0 Comments

 


Exoskeleton Perception by the Public, Focus on Facebook
0 Comments

 


Highlight: EduExo Kickstarter
0 Comments

 


Robot Systems – Is it time for crowdsourcing exoskeletons?
1 Comment

 


Wearable Robotics Association Innovation Challenge 2017
1 Comment

 


WearRAcon17 Day Three Report
0 Comments

  





2015-2017 © Exoskeleton Report LLC

































 






Max Scheder-Bieschin, Chief Financial Officer, Ekso Bionics


























&timesJavascript is disabled
























Market Profiles



Login
Sign up



Login


Sign up








 







 Edit

Person













Max Scheder-Bieschin



Chief Financial Officer
at
Ekso Bionics


Location: San Francisco Bay Area





Add to My Lists

Claim

Share


Copy the following code on your page/blog


Suggested widget size



Mobile



Desktop









Max Scheder-Bieschin



Chief Financial Officer
at
Ekso Bionics


Location: San Francisco Bay Area




Add to My Lists

Claim

Share


Copy the following code on your page/blog


Suggested widget size



Mobile



Desktop




Max is the ideal CFO, having served as a managing director of Deutsche Bank in Frankfurt, Germany and of ING BHF Bank in Frankfurt and New York. He was also a principal at Fredericks Michael & Co. in New York.
Prior to joining Ekso Bionics, Max was involved in early stage electric vehicle manufacturing. He founded and served as CEO of Barefoot Motors and was president of ZAP.
Max received his bachelor’s degree in Economics from Stanford University and attended the Master’s of Accounting program at NYU.



6

Companies in Career





N/A

Related Markets





4

Colleagues





N/A

Related Investments








Alias
N/A



Industry
R&D in Biotech, Environmental and various industries (no marketing product yet)




Tags
Start-ups, Corporate Development, Private Equity




Topics of Influence












N/A







N/A



























Careers








Achievements








Investments








Related People






 Edit
View all 



Max Scheder-BieschinCareer (6)






Jan-2011




Ekso Bionics



Chief Financial Officer







Jan-2010 to Feb-2011




JFP Holdings



Managing Director







2007 to 2009




Barefoot Motors



Co-Founder & CEO







2005 to 2007




ZAP



President







2001 to 2004




Deutsche Bank



Managing Director







1995 to 2001




ING BHF Bank



Managing Director








Competencies










 Edit
View all 



Max Scheder-BieschinEducation (3)






1999



Stanford University Graduate School of Business


Executive Program in Strategy and Organization






1985



New York University - Leonard N. Stern School of Business


Accounting






1984



Stanford University


Economics









 Edit



Max Scheder-BieschinAchievements and Recognitions





Add Milestone


No milestones has been recorded for Max Scheder-Bieschin






 Edit



Max Scheder-BieschinLinks





Add Link


No links has been recorded for Max Scheder-Bieschin









Max Scheder-BieschinInvestments/Acquisitions





No investments has been recorded for Max Scheder-Bieschin









Max Scheder-BieschinInvestments Representing Others





No investment reps has been recorded for Max Scheder-Bieschin








Max Scheder-BieschinRelated People








Colleagues at Ekso Bionics







Thomas Looby

President and Chief Executive Officer
Apr-2016









Ruediger  Hausherr

President EMEA
Sep-2015









Amy A. Wendell

Board of Director
2015









Tom Looby

President and Chief Commercial Officer
Sep-2014








View all 
Peers (86)







K. Thomas Bailey

CFO of AgaMatrix









Mark P. Dentinger

Chief Financial Officer of InvenSense









Siobhan Nolan Mangini

Chief Financial Officer of Castlight Health









Oliver Hutaff

Chief Financial Officer of Electric Imp









Christy Trang Le

Managing Director, Fossil Vietnam and VP of Operations of Fossil Group









Dominic Ruso

CFO of Anki












View all 



Max Scheder-BieschinRecommended Market Profiles (9)








Healthcare Robotics

500 - 1,000 employees
9 companies








Healthcare Wearables (MSLGroup)

10,000 or More employees
60 companies








Robots (IOT)

10,000 or More employees
42 companies








Health - BodyTech

10,000 or More employees
50 companies








Wearables

10,000 or More employees
305 companies








Robots

5,000 - 10,000 employees
113 companies





















Commentary on Executives Perspectives: Max Scheder-Bieschin, CFO Ekso Bionics Exoskeleton Report
















































 




























News Ticker

 


																		June 6, 2017 in Industry: 								

									Interview with Fourier Intelligence at WearRAcon17 – An ExR Exclusive Report								





																		May 31, 2017 in Homemade & DIY: 								

									How to Make a $100 Arm Exoskeleton – ExR Highlight								





																		May 26, 2017 in Industry: 								

									Exoskeleton Awards Highlights Q2 2017								





																		May 22, 2017 in Industry: 								

									Virginia Tech and Lowe’s Innovation Labs Collaborate on a Passive Exosuit, ExR Highlight								





																		May 16, 2017 in Business: 								

									Lockheed Martin Enters into a License Agreement with B-Temia, the Developer of the Keeogo								




 




Commentary on Executives Perspectives: Max Scheder-Bieschin, CFO Ekso Bionics
Posted on February 15, 2017  by Bobby Marinov  in Business // 0 Comments







Tweet


C-Suite TV with Jeffery Hayzlett has published an interview with Ekso Bionics CFO Max Scheder-Bieschin.  In the interview, Max Scheder-Bieschin focuses on the current and future medical exoskeleton offerings by Ekso Bionics.  However, his thoughts and opinions have many overarching ideas that can be applied to all medical exoskeletons as well as the entire exoskeleton industry.
According to its website, the C-Suite Network is an information, resources, and relationship private online community reserved exclusively for business executives with VP level careers and above.  The full interview between Jeffery Hayzlett and Max Scheder-Bieschin was filmed at the C-Suite Conference in San Francisco and can be found on c-suitetv.com
http://www.c-suitetv.com/video/executive-perspectives-max-scheder-bieschin-ekso-bionics/.
Whether due to editing or perhaps that is just how Max speaks, there are various interesting thoughts are covered in just a few sentences and deserve some elaboration:
Exoskeletons will fit under the clothing.
Vintage NOKIA MOBIRA Talkman via Ebay.com
In the interview, Max reflects how within five years exoskeletons will shrink to the point that they can fit underneath clothing.  We have already seen this with the Ski Mojo and the most recently released pictures of the SuperFlex suit.  Overall, exoskeletons are becoming smaller and more streamlined.  Many thought leaders within the industry now equate the shape of current exoskeletons to those of cell phones from the 1970s and 1980s (some of which were so large that they even came with a carry-on box in addition to the handle).
The analogy to cell phones is a double edged sword one.  On one hand, it is exciting that business and technology experts see plenty of potential for improvement.  On the other hand, it demonstrates how much the exoskeleton industry is still in its infancy.  It took many decades for cell phone technology to become accessible to the average consumer.
The cell phone analogy doesn’t have to be used just for the size of current exoskeletons.  Cellular technology is now bundled together with music and video playback, digital photography, and text editing.  The same could be happening to exoskeleton devices.  Some medical exoskeletons have already been bundled with data logging, wireless communication, cloud integration, haptic feedback, FES integration, virtual reality, mobility testing, and EMG sensors.  We can only guess what other technologies can become integrated with wearable robotics in the future.
Safe from falls vs. safe to fall with
In the interview, Max talks briefly how home use exoskeletons are not safe enough.  What he is eluding to is that after FDA approvals and insurance coverage are implemented there will be hundreds of thousands of walking assist exoskeletons.  Once you are dealing with such large numbers, it is impossible to imagine that people will not start falling down while using their wearables.  Therefore it is necessary to make the exoskeleton devices safe (safer) for users to fall down with.  As it stands, the current Ekso GT and many of its counterparts are heavy, bulky, rigid metal wearable robots and falling down with one sounds potentially dangerous.  How is Ekso Bionics addressing this?  We have a partial picture thanks to the work of our contributors Timothy Retter: Exoskeleton Safety on Ekso Bionics research and Marcus Pyles: Building In Reflexes and Closed-Loop Communication Into Exoskeleton Design.
Return on Investment
Exoskeleton technology has the potential to benefit many, so it always seems cold hearted to talk about return on investment (ROI).  The reality is however that most of the exoskeleton companies are entirely privately funded, and therefore are accountable to their investors.  In the interview, Max emphasizes the importance of having a clear view of the ROI and providing a clear solution to targeted markets.  This is a big departure from a decade ago where many thought that once the exoskeletons are made they will naturally find market applications where they fit.
Max sees the rehabilitation devices as a stepping stone towards the much larger home market, but the return on investment isn’t there yet.  To be clear, Ekso Bionics and medical device developers, are not trying to rip off hospitals and people that can benefit from this technology.  Instead, they are trying to create a product that is so good that it has high enough ROI so it can be purchased with profit margin left for the manufacturer.
The business connection
C-Suite TV is a resource center for discussions from business leaders.  But if you want to directly connect with VPs from dozens of exoskeleton companies from around the world don’t forget to register for the WearRAcon17.  WearRAcon17 will be this April in Phoenix and is the one dedicated to wearable exoskeleton technology event that will heavily emphasize business and business development.
 

Ekso Bionicsrehabilitation exoskeleton 


Related Articles






HAL for Medical Use Exoskeleton To Be Sold As Medical Device In Japan








Upcoming Event: Testing Wearable Robots








Stroke Recovery Clinical Trials With Ekso GT








Op-Ed, Ekso Bionics Reveals New Exoskeleton For Industrial Use Similar To FORTIS








Robotics For Stroke Rehabilitation, TEDxHerndon, Dr. Karen Nolan






Leave a comment Cancel reply 
Your email address will not be published.CommentName *
Email *
Website
 

 Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email. 



Search:




Connect with us on Facebook
News In Pictures                      Visit our media partner:Twitter FeedMy TweetsVisit our lifestyle sister site:Recent Posts  


Interview with Fourier Intelligence at WearRAcon17 – An ExR Exclusive Report
0 Comments

 


How to Make a $100 Arm Exoskeleton – ExR Highlight
1 Comment

 


Exoskeleton Awards Highlights Q2 2017
3 Comments

 


Virginia Tech and Lowe’s Innovation Labs Collaborate on a Passive Exosuit, ExR Highlight
0 Comments

 


Lockheed Martin Enters into a License Agreement with B-Temia, the Developer of the Keeogo
0 Comments

 


Exoskeleton Perception by the Public, Focus on Facebook
0 Comments

 


Highlight: EduExo Kickstarter
0 Comments

 


Robot Systems – Is it time for crowdsourcing exoskeletons?
1 Comment

 


Wearable Robotics Association Innovation Challenge 2017
1 Comment

 


WearRAcon17 Day Three Report
0 Comments

  





2015-2017 © Exoskeleton Report LLC








































	OUM & Co. LLP
							
									: Max Scheder-Bieschin
							
				
		







































					ACCOUNTANTS& BUSINESS ADVISORS
				




















SEARCH









SERVICES
INDUSTRIES
WHY OUM
CAREERS
CONTACT


























PRO:FILES



  PREV
             
           

        			

				CLOSE  X




Max Scheder-Bieschin
Name: Max Scheder-Bieschin
Title: Chief Financial Officer
Company: Ekso Bionics (Ekso)
Ekso is a worldwide pioneer in the field of robotic exoskeletons. This means we wrap robots around humans to enhance human strength, endurance and mobility, whether able-bodied or a person with physical disabilities. We are particularly well known for our Ekso GT, which allows those who have suffered a stroke or spinal cord injury to rehabilitate earlier and more effectively than they could under today's standard of care.
Birthplace: I was born in New York. I moved to California when I studied at Stanford and although I live here now, I love to travel whenever possible.
Education: BA – Economics, Stanford University. I also attended New York University and Stanford University's Executive Program.
I was in banking for most of my career but was traveling a lot and missed out on many family opportunities. I left the banking industry and promised myself that in my next career I would choose to do business with really smart people, who have an impact on future generations. First I built and sold Barefoot Motors, which designed and manufactured electric all-terrain vehicles, and then I met Ekso, which has really helped to put that vision into practice. When I left banking, my gift to my wife on her milestone birthday was to take a year off and travel the world with our kids. We have always been passionate about the environment so we wanted to experience the great wonders of the world as a family. We spent 2 months in New Zealand and 6 months in Australia, where we got to see first-hand the impact of global warming on a glacier. My son, who was 12 at the time, asked me why my generation was ruining the world for his generation. It was a wake up call for me to do something meaningful and impactful.
Business Briefing
What's the background to the business? A friend of the founders first introduced me to Ekso in 2010. I had just sold my previous business, Barefoot Motors, but I wasn't ready to retire. I worked initially as a consultant, but was so inspired by the technology that I transitioned to full time CFO in 2011. As soon as I saw a spinal chord injured person stand up with the help of the Ekso skeleton, I turned to the founders and said: "I'm in".
We developed a business plan and I helped to arrange the first round of funding. The 3 founders are all technologists - Professor Kazarooni and 2 of his students, Russ Angold and Nate Harding. At the time, they were all members of the Berkeley Robotics and Human Engineering Laboratory at the University of California.
The technology was developed initially to assist soldiers with carrying heavy loads, not for treating stroke or spinal cord injured patients. During their research, they had a revolutionary breakthrough, which allowed them to carry a weight of 200lbs using 4 watts of power, instead of the traditional 5,000 watts. In addition, Russ's brother was a Navy SEAL and had suffered a spinal chord injury (thankfully since recovered), and they noticed similarities between their technology and how they could assist people with a spinal injury.
Right now, we sell to hospitals with the goal of rehabilitating people who have sustained some sort of lower limb paralysis. The product is not yet available for home use.
Business goal for the next 12 months: We have had 3 very exciting developments in the past year.
First, we made the transition from a founder-led business to hiring an experienced CEO, Tom Looby.
Second, we received FDA approval to treat individuals with Hemiplegia due to stroke (92% of gait therapy is stroke related), individuals with spinal cord injuries at levels T4 to L5, and individuals with spinal cord injuries at levels of T3 to C7. This is a major breakthrough for the company and we look forward to building our clinical evidence further by collaborating with a rehabilitation center on a clinical trial called WISE that is designed to prove the functional benefits of exoskeletons for spinal cord injury patients.
Third, we did a financing and up-listed to NASDAQ (EKSO).
Going forward, we want to take our product from 'enthusiastic buy-in among key opinion leaders' to a recognized standard of care in the larger market. We also want our next generation product to be focused on the home market. In addition, we have received inquiries about helping construction workers carry heavy loads. These are exciting times!
Advice you wish you had received: I don't have very many regrets. People like to believe they could have done something sooner, better, faster ... but that's always going to be the case.
At Ekso we talk a lot about experience being like steps we take, like taking steps with our product –we want to explore and learn new things. Everybody who is learning to walk will fall and that's OK; it's a learning experience. We have to get up and take the next step. At Ekso Bionics, we don't want to make too many mistakes, but we also realize that we are going to make them.
Best business decision: My best decision was to take a year off. After 20 years in investment banking, it helped me to take a step back and reassess what was important to me. It was a risk - I didn't know if my family wanted me 24/7 (!) - but I felt I had missed out on some early exciting times with our kids, so it gave me real time to reconnect.
Toughest business decision: It was probably here at Ekso. In 2013 we were running out of money but we strongly believed in what we were doing. We had to figure out how to extend our runway and the question became how to go about restructuring. We had great people we didn't want to lose so we had to furlough up to 40% of our workforce. Everyone who stayed had to take a 30% "haircut". Every employee accepted the terms and when we raised our next round of funding, many of the furloughed employees came back full time.
Person most admired: There are so many people you can learn from – it's not just about what one person did. I admire people making an impact on future generations; thinking beyond themselves and selflessly for the greater good.
Like most about job: I love the impact we have on people and how we can change their lives for the better.
Like least about job: There is not one thing in particular I dislike, but sometimes I don't feel we're doing as good a job as we could be when explaining some of the decisions we're making as a public company. This can lead to some frustration with investors. For the most part, having investors has encouraged the company to be more transparent, to have a sense of urgency, and to seek out best practices. We believe we are making the best decisions for the long-term health of company, but some people have short time views and will create difficulties for us.
Dream job: I love what I do but if I weren't doing this, I'd probably be skiing in Montana.
Behind the suit
Favorite book: Moby Dick, by Herman Melville. It is a story about obsession, revenge, adversity and the ocean.
Favorite movie: Remember the Titans, starring Denzel Washington. It's the true story of an African-American coach and his high school team on their first season as a racially integrated unit, and really emphasizes the importance of diversity.
Outside of work: I'm passionate about the outdoors. I particularly enjoy skiing, sailing, and triathlons. I have done many triathlons with Team In Training, which raises money for The Leukemia & Lymphoma Society. When I was training for an Ironman, a long race that features a 2.4-mile swim, a 112-mile bike ride and a 26.2-mile run, my 12-year old daughter decided that she wanted to train with me. She roped in 3 of her friends and we all trained together. She loved it and actually went on to compete internationally. She was ranked 3rd in the U.S. and placed 12th in the 2011 World Triathlon Championships in Budapest, Hungary.
Community: We encourage awareness of health. We are very active with the Mark Pollock Trust, whose mission it is to find a cure for paralysis. Mark suffered a spinal chord injury that left him paralyzed, and he is also blind. He has not let his disabilities limit him and has competed in ultra endurance races across deserts, mountains, and the polar ice caps. We sponsor all employees to participate in the Run In the Dark, a multi-location night run, and have fielded teams at the Ragnar Relay Series – a long distance running relay race.
Family: I am married to my best friend, Ann, and have 3 kids – a 25-year old adult son, and 2 adult daughters, ages 23 and 21.

















News









https://t.co/1B1pqGZEcl




With decades of experience, OUM helped me develop a practical approach that worked best for our organization. And when we needed resources to execute on that approach, OUM was able to bring the right mix of professionals to the table to get the job done."


				— Brian Joyce, Vice President, Tax, Informatica Corporation   See what others have to say...

























PRO:FILES
Read about the positive power of the human spirit in business or the community.




					Currently featuring

Max Scheder-Bieschin
Ekso Bionics (Ekso)










415-434-3744  |  
	EMAIL US  | 
	LOCATIONS

				© COPYRIGHT OUM & CO. LLP 2014         
				|         PRIVACY POLICY         
|          LEGAL DISCLAIMER         

				|          SITE MAP

SITE BY DEAN RATH









