






						Scheer Rowlett & Associates Investment Management LTD Decreased Teck Resources LTD (TCK) Position, Cryolife (CRY) Has 1.41 Sentiment - Bibey Post								

























 























































Trending Stock News
Penny Stock News
Market News
Stock News






Scheer Rowlett & Associates Investment Management LTD Decreased Teck Resources LTD  (TCK) Position, Cryolife (CRY) Has 1.41 Sentiment


					
						July 24, 2017 - By Hazel Jackson

CryoLife, Inc. is a medical device maker and processor, and is engaged in the distribution of medical devices and implantable human tissues used in cardiac surgical procedures. The company has market cap of $635.30 million. The Firm operates through two divisions: Medical Devices and Preservation Services. It has a 62.48 P/E ratio. The Medical Devices segment includes medical devices, such as BioGlue Surgical Adhesive, BioFoam Surgical Matrix, On-X Life Technologies Holdings, Inc. valves and surgical products, CardioGenesis cardiac laser therapy product line, PerClot and PhotoFix.







Scheer Rowlett & Associates Investment Management Ltd decreased Teck Resources Ltd. (TCK) stake by 17.32% reported in 2016Q4 SEC filing. Scheer Rowlett & Associates Investment Management Ltd sold 118,330 shares as Teck Resources Ltd. (TCK)’s stock 0.00%. The Scheer Rowlett & Associates Investment Management Ltd holds 564,870 shares with $11.32 million value, down from 683,200 last quarter. Teck Resources Ltd. now has $11.49 billion valuation. The stock rose 1.05% or $0.2 reaching $19.67. About 1.87 million shares traded. Teck Resources Ltd (USA) (NYSE:TCK) has 0.00% since July 24, 2016 and is . It has underperformed by 16.70% the S&P500.
Scheer Rowlett & Associates Investment Management Ltd increased Rogers Comm Inc. Class B (NYSE:RCI) stake by 77,282 shares to 1.15 million valued at $44.50 million in 2016Q4. It also upped Transcanada Corp. (NYSE:TRP) stake by 21,904 shares and now owns 1.26 million shares. Dominion Diamond Corp. (NYSE:DDC) was raised too. 
Analysts await Teck Resources Ltd (USA) (NYSE:TECK) to report earnings on July, 27 before the open. TECK’s profit will be $397.21 million for 7.23 P/E if the $0.68 EPS becomes a reality. After $0.88 actual EPS reported by Teck Resources Ltd (USA) for the previous quarter, Wall Street now forecasts -22.73% negative EPS growth. 
Among 19 analysts covering Teck Resources (NYSE:TCK), 9 have Buy rating, 2 Sell and 8 Hold. Therefore 47% are positive. Teck Resources had 33 analyst reports since July 23, 2015 according to SRatingsIntel. The firm has “Buy” rating by Deutsche Bank given on Friday, October 7. The stock of Teck Resources Ltd (USA) (NYSE:TECK) has “Hold” rating given on Monday, October 5 by Deutsche Bank. As per Monday, October 17, the company rating was upgraded by RBC Capital Markets. The firm has “Buy” rating given on Monday, July 18 by Clarkson Platou. As per Friday, August 12, the company rating was downgraded by RBC Capital Markets. The rating was upgraded by Credit Suisse on Monday, October 17 to “Outperform”. The stock of Teck Resources Ltd (USA) (NYSE:TECK) has “Mkt Perform” rating given on Wednesday, July 20 by FBR Capital. JP Morgan maintained the stock with “Neutral” rating in Tuesday, April 19 report. The firm has “Sell” rating by Deutsche Bank given on Friday, October 23. Cowen & Co maintained Teck Resources Ltd (USA) (NYSE:TECK) rating on Friday, July 24. Cowen & Co has “Market Perform” rating and $8 target.
Healthcare Value Capital Llc holds 3.08% of its portfolio in Cryolife Inc for 150,000 shares. Pier Capital Llc owns 303,668 shares or 1.05% of their US portfolio. Moreover, Oberweis Asset Management Inc has 0.89% invested in the company for 155,570 shares. The Maryland-based Campbell & Co Investment Adviser Llc has invested 0.69% in the stock. Elk Creek Partners Llc, a Colorado-based fund reported 290,946 shares.
Since January 1, 0001, it had 0 buys, and 1 insider sale for $181,776 activity. 
 About 42,437 shares traded. Cryolife Inc (CRY) has risen 60.65% since July 24, 2016 and is uptrending. It has outperformed by 43.95% the S&P500.








By Hazel Jackson
Echostar Corporation-Receive News & Ratings Via Email - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings with our FREE daily email newsletter.








 

 




 
Free Newsletter Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for your stocks with our FREE daily email newsletter:






  Recent Posts 

Artal Group Sa Has Increased By $30.10 Million Its Jpmorgan Chase & Co (Call) (JPM) Holding, Argent Capital Management Lowered Tempur Sealy International (TPX) Stake


Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce (CM) EPS Estimated At $2.60, Citadel Advisors Decreased Conocophillips (Call) (COP) Holding


EPS for Fang Holdings Ltd (SFUN) Expected At $0.04; Alere (ALR) Shorts Raised By 76.35%


Amici Capital Has Trimmed Era Group (ERA) Stake, Alliqua Biomedical DE (ALQA) Shorts Down By 2.31%


QAD Inc. (QADA) Analysts See $-0.12 EPS, Analogic (ALOG) Shorts Increased By 6.77%


Champlain Investment Partners Has Boosted Palo Alto Networks  (PANW) Stake By $13.36 Million, Barnes Group (B) Sentiment Is 0.91


Alphaone Investment Services Has Decreased By $308,000 Its Banner (BANR) Position; ACTELION LTD (ALIOY) Sellers Increased By 26.4% Their Shorts


Analysts See $1.94 EPS for Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce (USA) (CM), Last Week Grenke AG (ETR:GLJ) Analysts


Burlington Stores (BURL) Analysts See $0.50 EPS, Allegiant Travel Company (ALGT) Shorts Decreased By 2.02%


Baker Avenue Asset Management LP Has Lowered General Mtrs Co Com (GM) Holding By $419,016, Rocket Internet SE (ETR:RKET) Had 5 Analysts Last Week







© Copyright 2015-2017 Bibey Post Inc - bibeypost.com       About - Our Team - Contact












Scheer Rowlett | Wealth Management Canada                      Wealth Management CanadaHomeAbout UsFind a Wealth ManagerWealth Management CompaniesTips to Find a Wealth ManagerContact Us       Scheer RowlettAbout	Founded in 1990, Scheer, Rowlett & Associates Investment Management Ltd. (Scheer Rowlett) is an independently owned investment management firm specializing in Canadian equity investments adhering to a value style. Using a fundamental, bottom-up approach, Scheer Rowlett has a strong track record of generating consistent returns and added value in both up and down markets. They currently manage over $5.6 billion in assets for pension funds, mutual funds, corporations, institutional and high net worth investors.  Scheer Rowlett is part of Connor, Clark & Lunn Financial Group, Canada’s second largest independently owned multi-boutique asset management firm responsible for the investment of approximately $46 billion in financial assets through its affiliated investment managers on behalf of institutional, private and retail clients.  Source: Scheer RowlettUnique Value PropositionScheer Rowlett’s investment philosophy is founded on a belief that efficiencies in the equity market are realized over mid- to long-term periods.  We also believe that a company’s earning ability, driven by its capital structure and competitive position, provides transparency to the company’s intrinsic worth. Based on this philosophy, we seek to invest in undervalued companies with strong or improving fundamentals, healthy financial positions and proven management.  Scheer Rowlett strives to deliver superior, risk-adjusted returns over the long term in both up and down markets. Our unwavering commitment to this investment philosophy forms the basis upon which we employ our investment process.  Source: Scheer RowlettAUM ($bil) 					$ 2.8Year Founded 1990Address 181 University Avenue, Suite 300 Toronto, Ontario M5H 3M7Key Personnel Lloyd E. Rowlett, President and Chief Portfolio Manager Rob Dionne, Vice President & Portfolio Manager Scott Merriman, Vice President & Portfolio Manager HomeAbout UsFind a Wealth ManagerWealth Management CompaniesTips to Find a Wealth ManagerContact UsPrivacy Policy 120 Adelaide Street West, Suite 2500 Toronto, Ontario, M5H 1T11-800-964-0520 info@wealthmanagementcanada.comCopyright © 2017 Wealth Management CanadaWealth Management Canada is wholly owned by  Mink Capital Inc, a private equity group.           




Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











Scheer, Rowlett & Associates Investment Management Ltd.: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 2:10 PM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of Scheer, Rowlett & Associates Investment Management Ltd.



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Scheer, Rowlett & Associates Investment Management Ltd. is a privately owned investment manager. The firm manages mutual funds for its clients. It manages separate client focused equity and balanced portfolios through sub-advisory arrangements. The firm invests in the public equity markets of Canada. It invests in value stocks of companies. It employs fundamental analysis with a bottom-up stock selection process while making its investments. The firm was founded in 1998 and is based in Ontario, Canada. Scheer, Rowlett & Associates Investment Management Ltd. operates as a subsidiary of Connor, Clark & Lunn Investment Management Ltd.


181 University AvenueSuite 300Toronto, ON M5H 3M7CanadaFounded in 1998



Phone: 416-202-6688

Fax: 416-202-6682

www.cclgroup.com/Default.aspx?alias=www.cclgroup.com/scheerrowlett







Key Executives for Scheer, Rowlett & Associates Investment Management Ltd.




Mr. Lloyd Rowlett CFA


      	President and Lead Portfolio Manager
      








Mr. Rob Dionne CFA


      	Vice president and Portfolio Manager
      








Mr. Scott Merriman CFA


      	Vice President and Portfolio Manager
      








Mr. William C. Mullett


      	Vice President
      








Mr. Timothy E. Bradshaw CFA


      	Vice President
      





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 



Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 2251442 Ontario Inc. Americas 26 Broadway Capital Corp. Americas 4Front Capital Partners, Inc. Americas 888 Capital Group Americas A Nihmey & Associates Americas




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Scheer, Rowlett & Associates Investment Management Ltd., please visit www.cclgroup.com/Default.aspx?alias=www.cclgroup.com/scheerrowlett.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close




























Scheer Rowlett & Associates Investment Management Ltd: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback




























scheer rowlett & associates investment management ltd
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: Financials
Industry: Asset Management
Sub-Industry: Investment Management
Scheer, Rowlett & Associates Investment Management Ltd. operates as an investment management firm. The Company provides asset management services for pension plans, mutual funds, corporations, institutional, endowments, foundations, and high net worth investors.




Corporate Information
Address:

1400-130 King Street West
PO Box 240
Toronto, ON M5X 1C8
Canada


Phone:
1-416-862-2020


Fax:
-


Web url:
www.cclgroup.com























From The Web











Key Executives


Lloyd E Rowlett


President/Portfolio Mgr




Brent Wilkins


Senior VP/Head:Institutional Sales




Timothy Bradshaw "Tim"


VP/Compliance Officer




William C Mullett "Bill"


Vice President




Scott Merriman


VP/Portfolio Manager







Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data




































	About Us | Scheer Rowlett & Associates Investment Management Ltd









































CC&L Financial Group         Contact Us         Knowledge Centre        Media Centre         Careers


























Who We Are

   



About Us
An overview of our organization




People
Our teams, personnel and biographies




Scheer Rowlett in the Community
Scheer Rowlett’s involvement with charitable organizations 




Affiliates
Access our affiliates




Contact Us
How to contact us directly








What We Do

   



Expertise
Information about our experience and capabilities




Philosophy
Our approach to investment management and to delivering consistent added value




Approach
Our approach to investment process, research and risk management




Investing with Scheer Rowlett
Our approach and commitment to servicing our clients








Our Strategies

   



Scheer Rowlett Strategies
Details about the investment services we offer



Scheer Rowlett Canadian Equity Strategy





Scheer Rowlett Balanced Strategy




















Who We Are/ About Us






 



Quality and value never go out of style




 About Us 




About Us
 


People
 


Scheer Rowlett in the Community
 


Affiliates
 


Contact Us
 





Scheer, Rowlett & Associates Investment Ltd originally operated as Crown Life Investment Management Inc. (CLIMCO) and was founded in 1990 by the Crown Life Insurance Company. Prior to the formation of CLIMCO, Crown Life managed pooled funds dating back to 1973. In mid-1998, CLIMCO changed its name to Scheer, Rowlett & Associates Investment Management Ltd. at which time the investment professionals and Connor, Clark & Lunn Financial Group (CC&L Financial Group) became owners in the firm. In January of 2001, Crown Life sold its remaining ownership in Scheer Rowlett.  Using a fundamental, bottom-up approach, we have built a strong track record while adhering to a disciplined value approach. We currently manage  in assets for pension plans, mutual funds, corporations, institutional, endowments, foundations and high net worth investors. Scheer Rowlett is part of Connor, Clark & Lunn Financial Group, an independently owned multi-boutique asset management firm whose affiliates are collectively responsible for  in assets under management on behalf of institutional, private and retail clients.







 Contact Us 






Toronto





416-862-2020






Click for more contact information







To Top Home     Contact Us       Sitemap       Legal















	Research, Products & Services | Scheer Rowlett & Associates Investment Management Ltd









































CC&L Financial Group         Contact Us         Knowledge Centre        Media Centre         Careers


























Who We Are

   



About Us
An overview of our organization




People
Our teams, personnel and biographies




Scheer Rowlett in the Community
Scheer Rowlett’s involvement with charitable organizations 




Affiliates
Access our affiliates




Contact Us
How to contact us directly








What We Do

   



Expertise
Information about our experience and capabilities




Philosophy
Our approach to investment management and to delivering consistent added value




Approach
Our approach to investment process, research and risk management




Investing with Scheer Rowlett
Our approach and commitment to servicing our clients








Our Strategies

   



Scheer Rowlett Strategies
Details about the investment services we offer



Scheer Rowlett Canadian Equity Strategy





Scheer Rowlett Balanced Strategy




















Knowledge Centre/ Research, Products & Services






 



Quality and value never go out of style




 Research, Products & Services 




Research, Products & Services
 


Events
 





For information on the services offered by Scheer, Rowlett & Associates Investment Management, please visit What We Do. For detailed information on our investment strategies please visit Our Strategies.








To Top Home     Contact Us       Sitemap       Legal







































Additional manager added to Emissary Portfolio Service - Article - investmentexecutive.com - Investment Executive



























Contact Us






















Subscribe and Receive

Newspaper
Newsletters

Subscribe





 IE - Investment Executive



Use this form to search the IE website
Enter search terms



































Products



Print this article







Share









Tweet




Write to us
Print










Scheer Rowlett to share mangement with Bissett Investment

	
      		By  IE Staff  | 	
         	October 17, 2006  12:20

























    			NBF Emissary Turnkey Solution LP today announced that Scheer, Rowlett & Associates Investment Management Ltd. of Toronto has been selected co-manager of the Emissary Canadian Equity fund.The management group behind Scheer Rowlett has demonstrated a clear commitment to value investing in Canadian equity, and has a record of accomplishment that testifies to the benefits of their fundamental approach to securities selection. Scheer Rowlett & Associates, a member of the Connor, Clark & Lunn Financial Group, will add to the expertise of the current roster of money managers offered on the NBF Turnkey Solutions Emissary and Diplomat platforms.Bissett Investment Management, a division of Franklin Templeton Investments Corp., has managed the Emissary Canadian Equity fund since inception in 2002 and remains an important component of the Emissary Portfolio Service.Scheer Rowlett will be allocated a portion of the Emissary Canadian Equity Fund on November 1, and National Bank Financial Ltd. will manage a gradual transition to an equally split portfolio between the two managers, with ongoing allocations being reviewed on a regular basis.Emissary Portfolio Service offers Canadian investors portfolio solutions built around expert financial advice, access to world-class money management and diversification by asset class, style and geographic region. NBF Emissary Turnkey Solution LP is a subsidiary of National Bank Financial.	
        






Share









Tweet




Write to us
Print


























Related Content



      Videos
    






 Managing risk: Active vs passive investing




        Articles
      



 WisdomTree Canada, Questrade enter partnership




 Mutual fund sales continued upward march in June




 RBC GAM reopens fund to new investors






















































Most Popular


Viewed
Shared






Why speed and convenience need to be part of your value proposition




Five ways you could be over-prospecting




Regulators approve MFDA’s proficiency requirements for selling ETFs




Time is now for advisors to give guidance on proposed tax changes




AMF to examine incentives structures in the insurance sector








RBC GAM reopens fund to new investors




U.S. FX trader banned




Battleground emerges




A renewed focus




Farewell, with thanks


















































Subscribe



Follow us

Newsletters
IE Mobile
LinkedIn
RSS
Twitter



News

Industry News
Company News
Economy & Markets
From the Regulators
People
Products
Research



Building your Business

Client Communications
Financial Planning
For Your Clients
Practice Management
Sales & Marketing
Strategies
Technology
Your Time



Multimedia Centre

News on IE TV
Building your Business on IE TV
Webinars
Winning Strategies
Insurance Insights



Tools and Resources



Back Issues


CE Place
Smart Edition
Advisor Central







Stay tuned
This feature will become available on October 24th















