













 











Gregory T. Schiffman - Executive Bio, Compensation History, and Contacts - Equilar Atlas










 

















Log in | Sign up








x

 






As Featured In



















Gregory T. Schiffman
Chief Financial Officer and Corporate Secretary at Lion Biotechnologies, Inc.


View Full Profile
Are you Gregory T. Schiffman? Claim your profile


 


Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Gregory T. Schiffman's full profile. 
With Equilar Atlas, you can:



IDENTIFY corporate executives in Gregory T. Schiffman's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Gregory T. Schiffman's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Gregory T. Schiffman through your network of contacts.
												








Gregory T. Schiffman's Executive Work History


Current


Chief Financial Officer and Corporate Secretary, 
Lion Biotechnologies, Inc.


Past
To view Gregory T. Schiffman's complete executive work history, sign up now
Age
58

 
 


Gregory T. Schiffman's Biography



Mr. Schiffman was appointed as our Chief Financial Officer on October 3, 2016. Prior to joining our Company, he was the Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of StemCells, Inc. until August 15, 2016. StemCells, Inc. was a publicly traded company engaged in the research, development, and commercialization of stem cell therapeutics. Mr. Schiffman joined StemCells, Inc. in January 2014. From 2007 until he joined StemCells, Inc. Mr. Schiffman was the Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Dendreon Corporation, a publicly traded biotechnology company engaged in the discovery, development and commercialization of nov ...
(Read More)

			Mr. Schiffman was appointed as our Chief Financial Officer on October 3, 2016. Prior to joining our Company, he was the Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of StemCells, Inc. until August 15, 2016. StemCells, Inc. was a publicly traded company engaged in the research, development, and commercialization of stem cell therapeutics. Mr. Schiffman joined StemCells, Inc. in January 2014. From 2007 until he joined StemCells, Inc. Mr. Schiffman was the Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Dendreon Corporation, a publicly traded biotechnology company engaged in the discovery, development and commercialization of novel therapeutics cellular immunotherapy and small molecule products. In November 2014, Dendreon Corporation filed for a Chapter 11 bankruptcy restructuring. Prior to joining Dendreon, he served as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer at Affymetrix from 2001 to 2006, and Vice President of Finance at Applied Biosystems from 1998 to 2001. He served as Controller of Hewlett Packard's European P.C. manufacturing and distribution operations in Grenoble, France, and as manufacturing manager and controller of its Netmetrix Division. Mr. Schiffman holds a bachelor's degree in accounting from De Paul University and an MBA from the Kellogg Graduate School of Management at Northwestern University. Mr. Schiffman also is a CPA in Illinois.
		
Source: Lion Biotechnologies, Inc. on 04/20/2017
		
	

 






Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Gregory T. Schiffman's full profile. 



												By accessing Equilar Atlas, you can view bios, network, salary and wealth events
												of industry-leading executives like Gregory T. Schiffman. More specifically, you'll be able to:
												

IDENTIFY corporate executives in Gregory T. Schiffman's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Gregory T. Schiffman's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Gregory T. Schiffman through your network of conections.
												




View Full Profile


 








Search for over 360,000 executive profiles.





/bio



													Example: Gregory T. Schiffman


















Gregory T. Schiffman's Connections (105)





Sign up now to view Gregory T. Schiffman's 105 connections »









Douglas G. Watson
Former Chairman of the Board, OraSure Technologies, Inc.









Michael R. Eisenson
Board Member, Penske Automotive Group, Inc.









Susan D. Desmond-Hellmann
Lead Independent Director, Facebook, Inc.









Ruth B. Kunath
Former Board Member, diaDexus, Inc.









David B. Singer
Board Member, Castlight Health, Inc.









Richard F. Hamm
Board Member, EMCOR Group, Inc.









Ryan D. Maynard
Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Rigel Pharmaceuticals, Inc.









John E. Osborn
Former Board Member, Egalet Corporation









R. Scott Greer
Board Member, Nektar Therapeutics









James G. Bender
Former Vice President, Manufacturing, Lion Biotechnologies, Inc.








Popular Profiles






														Sign up now to view more executive profiles »
														









Thomas J. Lynch
Executive Chairman, TE Connectivity Ltd.









John J. Kita
EVP and CFO, A. O. Smith









Elon R. Musk
CEO and Chairman, Tesla









David J. O'Connor
President and CEO, The Madison Square Garden Company









Claiborne P. Deming
Chairman of the Board, Murphy Oil Corporation












×

Claim Your Profile Coming Soon
Interested in updating your biography and work history?
We're working on making it happen.
We'll email you when this feature is available.
Please enter valid email address.

Done


Thank you for your interest.
Ok






			Browse executive profiles:
			
				 A
			
				 B
			
				 C
			
				 D
			
				 E
			
				 F
			
				 G
			
				 H
			
				 I
			
				 J
			
				 K
			
				 L
			
				 M
			
				 N
			
				 O
			
				 P
			
				 Q
			
				 R
			
				 S
			
				 T
			
				 U
			
				 V
			
				 W
			
				 X
			
				 Y
			
				 Z



Equilar Homepage
Equilar Atlas
Equilar Insight
Equilar BoardEdge
Equilar Engage
Research Services
Knowledge Network
About Us
Login

� 2017 Equilar All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
1100 Marshall Street, Redwood City, CA 94063 | Phone (650) 241-6600 | Fax (650) 701-0993















Gregory T. Schiffman MBA, CPA: Executive Profile & Biography - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 23, 2017 6:58 AM ET
Healthcare Equipment and Supplies

Company Overview of Nanomix, Inc.



SnapshotPeople 




OverviewBoard MembersCommittees



Executive Profile
Gregory T. Schiffman MBA, CPADirector, Nanomix, Inc.AgeTotal Calculated CompensationThis person is connected to 1 Board Members in 1 different organizations across 7 different industries.See Board Relationships60--
Background

		Mr. Gregory T. Schiffman, also known as Greg, MBA, CPA served as the Chief Financial Officer of Lion Biotechnologies, Inc. from October 03, 2016 to June 22, 2017 and served as its Secretary until June 22, 2017. Mr. Schiffman served as the Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President of Finance of StemCells Inc. since January 1, 2014 until August 15, 2016. Mr. Schiffman was responsible for all aspects of the StemCells' financing activities, financial reporting ... and controls, corporate communications and investor relations. Prior to StemCells, he served as the Chief Financial Officer of Dendreon Corporation from December 2006 to August 2013 and Executive Vice President from December 2006 to December 31, 2013. He had primary responsibility for capital raising, financial reporting and controls, information technology and investor relations. Mr. Schiffman served as Treasurer of Dendreon Corp. from December 14, 2006 to December 31, 2013 and served as its Executive Vice President from December 2010 to December 31, 2013. He served as Chief Financial Officer of Dendreon Corp. from December 14, 2006 to August 9, 2013. He served as Senior Vice President of Dendreon Corp., from December 14, 2006 to December 2010. Mr. Schiffman served as the Chief Financial Officer of Affymetrix Inc., from August 2001 to December 14, 2006 and also served as its Executive Vice President from February 2005 to December 14, 2006. He served as Senior Vice President of Affymetrix Inc., since October 2002. Mr. Schiffman joined Affymetrix in 2001. Mr. Schiffman served as Vice President of Finance for Affymetrix Inc. from March 2001 to August 2001 and Vice President since August 2001. Prior to Affymetrix, Mr. Schiffman served as Vice President and Controller of Applied Biosystems, Inc. since October 1998. Before entering the healthcare field, Mr. Schiffman held roles of increasing responsibility within Hewlett Packard, where he served as controller of its European P.C. manufacturing and distribution operations in Grenoble, France and as manufacturing manager and controller of its Netmetrix Division. Mr. Schiffman has been a Director of Nanomix, Inc. since November 29, 2005. He had been a Director of Xenogen Corporation since January 13, 2005. He served as a Director of Vnus Medical Technologies Inc. since April 7, 2006. He served as a Director of Entelos, Inc. since February 12, 2007. He served as a Director of IMPAC Medical Systems, Inc., since February 2003. He is a CPA in Illinois. Mr. Schiffman holds a Master's in Business Administration from the J.L. Kellogg School of Management, Northwestern University and a Bachelor of Science degree in Accounting from DePaul University.Read Full Background




Corporate Headquarters
1440 Stanford AvenueEmeryville, California 94608United StatesPhone: 510-428-5300Fax: 510-658-0425
Board Members Memberships
2005-PresentDirectorNanomix, Inc.
Education
BS DePaul UniversityMBA J.L. Kellogg School of Management, Northwestern University
Other Affiliations
Entelos, Inc.IMPAC Medical Systems, Inc.VNUS Medical Technologies, Inc.Xenogen CorporationDendreon Corp.StemCells Inc.Affymetrix Inc.Applied Biosystems, Inc.DePaul UniversityJ.L. Kellogg School of Management, Northwestern UniversityIovance Biotherapeutics, Inc.


Annual Compensation
				There is no Annual Compensation data available.
				Stocks Options
				There is no Stock Options data available.
				Total Compensation
				There is no Total Compensation data available.
			



Request Profile Update
















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



COMPETITOR COMPENSATIONThere is no Competitor Compensation data available.










Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Nanomix, Inc., please visit .  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close


























Lion Biotechnologies Appoints Gregory Schiffman as Chief Financial OfficerHomeMailFlickrTumblrNewsSportsFinanceCelebrityAnswersGroupsMobileMoreTry Yahoo Finance on Firefox »YahooSearchSearchSign inU.S. Markets closedS&P 5002,472.54-0.91 (-0.04%)Dow 3021,580.07-31.71 (-0.15%)Nasdaq6,387.75-2.25 (-0.04%)Lion Biotechnologies Appoints Gregory Schiffman as Chief Financial OfficerMarketwiredOctober 3, 2016ReblogShareTweetShareNEW YORK, NY--(Marketwired - October 03, 2016) -  Lion Biotechnologies, Inc. (LBIO), a biotechnology company developing novel cancer immunotherapies based on tumor-infiltrating lymphocytes (TILs), today announced the appointment of Gregory T. Schiffman, MBA as Chief Financial Officer of the company, effective immediately."As we continue to build the management team into a fully integrated oncology organization, we are delighted to welcome Greg to the team," said Lion Biotechnologies President and CEO, Maria Fardis, Ph.D. "Greg has extensive experience in the cell-based therapy space having overseen finance, accounting and manufacturing functions in his previous positions."Mr. Schiffman brings fifteen years of experience leading the financial operations and strategy of publicly-traded healthcare companies such as Dendreon, Affymetrix and Applied Biosystems. Most recently, he was Executive Vice President and CFO of StemCells, Inc, a cell-based therapeutics company where he oversaw all activities related to finance and accounting, information technology, and corporate communications. In his previous positions, in addition to his finance and accounting duties, he also was responsible for the implementation of commercial infrastructure processes and systems, supply chain logistics, procurement and manufacturing. Prior to StemCells, Mr. Schiffman was the Executive Vice President and CFO of Dendreon Corporation, a publicly traded biotechnology company engaged in the discovery, development and commercialization of novel therapeutics cellular immunotherapy and small molecule products.Before entering the healthcare industry, Mr. Schiffman held roles of increasing responsibility during his eleven year term with Hewlett Packard, including serving as controller of its European personal computer manufacturing and distribution operations in Grenoble, France, and as manufacturing manager and controller of its Netmetrix Division. Mr. Schiffman holds a bachelor's degree in accounting from De Paul University and an MBA from the Kellogg Graduate School of Management at Northwestern University. Mr. Schiffman also is a CPA in Illinois.About Lion BiotechnologiesLion Biotechnologies, Inc. is a clinical-stage biotechnology company focused on the development of cancer immunotherapy products for the treatment of various cancers. The Company's lead product candidate is an adoptive cell therapy using tumor-infiltrating lymphocytes (TIL) for the treatment of patients with refractory metastatic melanoma. TIL therapy is also being evaluated in clinical trials at the National Cancer Institute, MD Anderson Cancer Center and Moffitt Cancer Center. For more information, please visit http://www.lbio.com/Forward-Looking StatementsThis press release contains certain forward-looking statements for purposes of the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 that are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, including those described in the Company's most recently filed quarterly report on Form 10-Q and annual report on Form 10-K. Any forward-looking statements that we make in this press release speak only as of the date of this press release. Except as required by law, the Company undertakes no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.ReblogShareTweetShareRecently ViewedYour list is empty.What to Read NextWhy it might be ‘dangerous’ for IBM to turn itself around: professorYahoo FinanceDemocrats herald agreement on sweeping Russia sanctions billAssociated Press2 Dudes in a Car: Blissing out in the Lincoln ContinentalYahoo FinanceGlaxoSmithKline's new CEO prepares to trim drug pipelineReutersAetna CEO Bertolini: How tech plays into the future of healthcareYahoo Finance VideoCall of the week: Now's the time to 'buy' ChipotleYahoo FinanceWhat it's like to ship yourself overnight on Cabin's sleep pod busTechCrunchA former biotech executive who's living with terminal cancer wants to reset expectations about new cancer treatmentsBusiness InsiderBoth men 'had enough of each other': Why Sean Spicer is really leaving Trump's White HouseBusiness InsiderAetna CEO Bertolini: Why he pays his employees to sleepYahoo Finance VideoShort-sellers have lost $7.1 billion betting against this year's hottest tech stocksYahoo FinanceMissing Malaysia Airlines flight search yields valuable seafloor dataEngadgetLowe’s Companies, Inc. (LOW) Just Fell Off the Shelf — Grab ItInvestorPlaceSean Spicer allegedly swiped a mini-fridge from an office of junior staffers in the darkBusiness InsiderAetna CEO Bertolini: How his own accident and son’s cancer changed his journeyYahoo Finance VideoStocks back off from record highsYahoo FinancePolls Show Trump, the Least Popular President Ever, Is Plunging Even LowerLarry: It still frightens me to know that 35% of our citizenry are either gullible or just plain stupid.Join the Conversation1 / 53.9k











Gregory Schiffman – CFO Moves 





































CFO MovesTracking CFO Movement Across the USA
CFO Moves – week ending June 2, 2017
Posted on June 5, 2017 Written by Samuel Dergel Leave a Comment CFO Moves this week include:



Dunkin’ Brands Group, Inc.
United States Steel Corporation
Eli Lilly and Company


Knoll, Inc.
Critical Alert Systems
Advanced Health Media, LLC


Apptio
Cocrystal Pharma, Inc.
Healthx, Inc.


Itron, Inc.
Daxor Corporation
Occidental Petroleum Corporation


Proterra
Velocity Commercial Capital
Concert Pharmaceuticals, Inc.


Greenfields Petroleum Corporation
Calix, Inc.
Cloudflare


Texas Capital Bancshares
Lion Biotechnologies, Inc.
Rennova Health, Inc.


BioNovelus, Inc.





Would you like to receive our weekly CFO Moves directly in your email? Click the SIGN ME UP! button on the right of the blog page.
Should you have any CFO Moves to report, please email us.
NOTE: CFO Search Report available monthly to CFOs only. Read more here.
CFO Moves is published by Samuel Dergel (Executive Search Consultant and CFO & Financial Executive Search Specialist with Dergel Executive Search). Samuel can be reached by email at samuel@dergelcfo.com or by phone at +1 (415) 738-2070.
+ + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + +
Kate Jaspon
Dunkin’ Brands Group, Inc. [CANTON, Mass.] (NASDAQ: DNKN) announced that Kate Jaspon, interim CFO, has been promoted to the position of Chief Financial Officer (CFO). Jaspon was appointed interim CFO in April and replaces Dunkin’ Brands CFO Paul Carbone, who left the company. Ms. Jaspon joined Dunkin’ Brands as Assistant Controller in 2005. She was later promoted to Vice President, Controller and Corporate Treasurer, and since 2014 has held the title of Vice President, Finance and Treasury. Ms. Jaspon came to Dunkin’ Brands from KPMG LLP, where she spent eight years supporting both public and private companies as an auditor.
United States Steel Corporation [PITTSBURGH] (NYSE: X) announced that Pipasu Soni will serve as Interim Chief Financial Officer in the role vacated by David B. Burritt upon his appointment as President & CEO. Soni, currently the company’s Vice President – Finance, will now oversee all of the company’s financial activities until an active search for a permanent CFO is completed.
Eli Lilly and Company [INDIANAPOLIS] (NYSE: LLY) announced that Derica Rice, executive vice president global services and chief financial officer, will retire after 27 years of service with the company. Rice is also a member of Lilly’s executive committee. Rice joined Lilly in 1990, holding numerous roles in finance and operations throughout his career. He was promoted to his current role in May 2006 after serving as Lilly’s vice president and controller. Rice also has served as Lilly’s general manager in the United Kingdom, executive director and chief financial officer of European operations and chief financial officer for the company’s operations in Canada.
Knoll, Inc. (NYSE: KNL) [EAST GREENVILLE, Pa.] announced that Craig Spray will resign from his position as Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. In the interim, Charles Rayfield, Vice President, Finance and Corporate Controller, will assume the role of Chief Accounting Officer and Acting Principal Financial Officer.
Critical Alert Systems [JACKSONVILLE, Fla.] announced that Dave Sokalski has joined the company as Chief Financial Officer. Prior to joining Critical Alert, Mr. Sokalski was Chief Financial Officer at Grinder Wear Parts for five years. From 1994 to 2011, Mr. Sokalski held responsible positions as controller, senior controller, director of finance, and accounting at companies in various industries.
Advanced Health Media, LLC [NEW PROVIDENCE, N.J.] announced that Frank Spender has been appointed to the position of SVP & Chief Financial Officer of AHM. Frank has served as VP Finance at AHM since January 2016. Prior to joining AHM, Frank spent 16 years in various financial leadership roles at IMS Health and its subsidiaries.
Apptio [BELLEVUE, Wash.] announced the appointment of Kathleen Philips to its Board of Directors. Kathleen currently serves as chief financial officer of Zillow Group and will bring her expertise to Apptio’s Audit and Compensation Committees. Kathleen joined Zillow in 2010 as general counsel, and served as chief operating officer from 2013 to 2015.
Cocrystal Pharma, Inc. [ATLANTA, GA and BOTHELL, WA] (OTCQB: COCP) announced the appointment of James J. Martin to the position of Chief Financial Officer. Since February 23, 2017 Mr. Martin had served as Interim Chief Financial Officer of Cocrystal. From 2014 to 2016 Mr. Martin was the Chief Financial Officer of VBI Vaccines, Inc. Since 2010, Mr. Martin has also served as the Chief Financial Officer of Non-Invasive Monitoring Systems, Inc. From 2014 to 2015, Mr. Martin served as Chief Financial Officer of Vapor Corp, Inc. after serving as Chief Financial Officer of NYSE listed TransEnterix, Inc. from 2010 to 2013. Earlier in his career, Mr. Martin held finance positions at Aero Pharmaceuticals, AAR Aircraft Services and Systems Products International. Mr. Martin was also an Operations Specialist with the U.S. Navy from 1985 to 1990.
Healthx, Inc. [INDIANAPOLIS] announced that Jim Meer has been named chief financial officer. Prior to joining Healthx, Meer was senior vice president of finance at Appirio. Prior to Appirio, he was vice president and corporate controller at Salesforce. He also serves as a Board Member of Financial Executives International and on the Board of Visitors for the Byrum School of Business at Marian University.
Itron, Inc. [LIBERTY LAKE, Wash.] (NASDAQ: ITRI) announced that Joan Hooper has been appointed senior vice president (SVP) and chief financial officer (CFO). Hooper will take over the CFO role from Robert Farrow, Itron’s interim CFO since March 2017. Farrow will remain with the company as its vice president, strategic planning and treasury. Hooper most recently served as the CFO of CHC Helicopter, from 2011 to 2015. Prior to CHC, she held several finance executive positions at Dell, Inc. from 2003 to 2010, including vice president and CFO for its Global Public and Americas business units, vice president of corporate finance and chief accounting officer. Hooper also was CFO of FreeMarkets. In addition, she held a variety of senior finance positions at AT&T.
Daxor Corporation [NEW YORK] (NYSE MKT: DXR) announced the hiring of John Wilkens as its new Chief Financial Officer. John’s previous experience includs tenures with Convector Capital Management and Mark Asset Management.
Occidental Petroleum Corporation [HOUSTON] (NYSE: OXY) announced that Cedric W. Burgher has been appointed Chief Financial Officer. He replaces Chris Stavros, who is retiring from Occidental. Mr. Burgher most recently served as a Senior Vice President at EOG Resources.
Amy Ard
Proterra [BURLINGAME, Calif.] announced that Amy Ard has joined the management team as chief financial officer. Before joining Proterra, Ard was CFO at AMG Advanced Metallurgical Group (AMG).
Velocity Commercial Capital [WESTLAKE VILLAGE, Calif.] announced that Mark Szczepaniak has joined the company as its Chief Financial Officer. Before joining Velocity Commercial Capital, Mr. Szczepaniak was the Managing Director of Finance at PennyMac, CFO of Prospect Mortgage, CEO of Prospect Insurance and CFO of the Federal Home Loan Bank of Seattle.
Concert Pharmaceuticals, Inc. [LEXINGTON, Mass.] (NASDAQ: CNCE) announced that Ryan Daws, Chief Financial Officer, will be leaving the company. Mr. Daws served as CFO of Concert since January 2014.
Greenfields Petroleum Corporation [HOUSTON, TEXAS] (TSX VENTURE: GNF) announced the appointment of Jose Perez-Bello as the Company’s new Senior Vice President, CFO and Treasurer. Perez-Bello has served as the Company’s Vice President and Controller since August of 2012. He replaces A. Wayne Curzadd, who has served as the Company’s Senior Vice President, CFO and Treasurer since August of 2012, has stepped down from those positions to assume an advisory role with the Company.
Calix, Inc. [PETALUMA, Calif.] (NYSE: CALX) announced the appointment of Cory J. Sindelar as Interim Chief Financial Officer following the previously announced departure of the Company’s former Chief Financial Officer. Most recently, Sindelar served as Chief Financial Officer at Violin Memory, Inc., and earlier as CFO of Kilopass Technology and Ikanos Communications. Sindelar also previously served as vice president, corporate controller, and principal accounting officer at Legato Systems.
Cloudflare [SAN FRANCISCO] named Thomas Seifert as chief financial officer (CFO). Most recently, Seifert served as executive vice president and CFO at Symantec. Prior to Symantec, Seifert served as executive vice president and chief financial officer at Brightstar. Before Brightstar, he was chief financial officer and chief accounting officer at Advanced Micro Devices (AMD) from 2009 until 2012. He managed the company’s financial operations and was AMD’s interim chief executive officer for eight months in 2012. Seifert also held a number of executive roles earlier in his career in the technology and wireless industries at Qimonda AG, Infineon Technologies AG, and Wirelines Communications Business Group.
Texas Capital Bancshares [DALLAS] announced that Peter Bartholow, Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer of the parent company, will retire. Julie Anderson, who is currently the bank’s Chief Financial Officer, will be promoted to parent company CFO. Mr. Bartholow will remain COO and a member of the board of directors until his retirement. Ms. Anderson joined Texas Capital Bank as the corporate controller in 1999, just two months after the company’s founding, and was promoted to her current position in 2013. Mr. Bartholow joined the bank as CFO and member of the board in 2003 shortly after the company’s IPO. He assumed COO responsibilities in 2013.
Lion Biotechnologies, Inc. [SAN CARLOS, CA] (NASDAQ: LBIO) announced that Gregory Schiffman, Chief Financial Officer, has decided to leave the company. Lion’s accounting, tax and financial reporting functions will continue to be provided by Franco Valle, current Principal Accounting Officer and Controller, and Lion’s other in-house accounting personnel. Mr. Valle joined Lion Biotechnologies in July 2016 and has been responsible for such functions since then.
Rennova Health, Inc. [WEST PALM BEACH, FL.] (NASDAQ: RNVA) announced the appointment of Michael Pollack as Interim Chief Financial Officer. Since 2005 Mr. Pollack has been with KBL, LLP, most recently serving as Partner-in-Charge of KBL’s audit quality and control, and the Partner-in-Charge of KBL’s Public Company (SEC) Practices Group.
BioNovelus, Inc. [Phoenix] announced that Chief Financial Officer Mark R. Johnson has left the Company to pursue other interests. Company founder and CEO Jean Ekobo will assume the role of interim CFO until a permanent successor to Mr. Johnson is named.
Share this:LinkedInTwitterFacebookGoogleEmailPrintLike this:Like Loading...CFO Moves – week ending October 7, 2016
Posted on October 10, 2016 Written by Samuel Dergel Leave a Comment CFO Moves this week include:



Zynga Inc.
Big Switch Networks
Cytovance® Biologics, Inc.


Claire’s Stores, Inc
Advance Auto Parts, Inc.
Wayside Technology Group Inc.


Acorda Therapeutics, Inc.
Florida East Coast Industries
Taro Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd.


Armstrong Flooring, Inc.
Healthcare Associates of Texas LLC
Participant Media


Truett-Hurst, Inc
StorageCraft® Technology Corp.
DICK’S Sporting Goods, Inc.


A. Schulman, Inc. 
TriNet Group, Inc.
Relayware


Encina Solutions, LLC
Savage
Premier Commercial Bancorp


Dynatronics Corporation
Eagle Bulk Shipping Inc.
Bar Harbor Bankshares


DAS Group of Companies
Blue Cross Blue Shield of Massachusetts
Track Group, Inc.


MPLX LP
Lion Biotechnologies, Inc.
Kareo



Would you like to receive our weekly CFO Moves directly in your email? Click the SIGN ME UP! button on the right of the blog page.
Should you have any CFO Moves to report, please email us.
NEW: CFO Search Report available monthly to CFOs only. Read more here.
CFO Moves is published by Samuel Dergel (Executive Search Consultant and CFO & Financial Executive Search Specialist with Dergel Executive Search). Samuel can be reached by email at samuel@dergelcfo.com or by phone at +1 (415) 738-2070.
+ + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + +
Gerard Griffin
Zynga Inc. [SAN FRANCISCO] (NASDAQ: ZNGA) announced that the Company has appointed Gerard Griffin as Chief Financial Officer. Before joining Zynga, Griffin spent more than 10 years at Electronic Arts, Inc. Most recently, he served as Senior Vice President of Finance where he was the finance leader for EA’s Studios, Marketing and Publishing organizations. Before that, he spent more than six years in Geneva, Switzerland as Vice President and Chief Financial Officer for EA International. Prior to joining EA, Griffin held a number of senior finance roles domestically and internationally at technology and media companies, including NBC and Primedia, as well as in public accounting with KPMG.
Big Switch Networks [SANTA CLARA, CA] announced it has appointed Wendell Laidley as Chief Financial Officer. Laidley was previously VP of Finance, Investor Relations and Treasury at AppDynamics.
Cytovance Biologics, Inc. [OKLAHOMA CITY, OK] announced the appointment of Jenny Chen to Chief Financial Officer. Prior to joining Cytovance, she was the Corporate Controller for Maxcess International.
Claire’s Stores, Inc. [HOFFMAN ESTATES, Ill] announced the appointment of Scott Huckins, as its Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Scott joins Claire’s from Sears Holdings where he served as Vice President, Treasurer and President for Sears Re for the last four years. Prior to that role, he served as Vice President, Treasury, Tax and Investor Relations for RSC Holdings, Inc. Scott has also served in a variety of key executive roles while at Koch Industries for seven years including Chief Financial Officer for their Capital Markets Division as well as President and CEO for Koch Financial Products, LLC.
Advance Auto Parts, Inc. [ROANOKE, Va.] (NYSE: AAP) announced it has appointed Tom Okray as Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer. Mr. Okray will succeed Mike Norona, who will remain with the Company in an advisory role until the end of the year. Most recently, Mr. Okray served as Vice President, Finance, Global Customer Fulfillment at Amazon. Prior to joining Amazon, Mr. Okray spent the majority of his career at General Motors (GM) in a variety of finance and supply chain related roles. He was most CFO, Global Product Development, Purchasing & Supply Chain. Prior to that, he held a variety of finance roles supporting GM’s operations, vehicle development, supplier and partner base around the world.
Wayside Technology Group Inc. [EATONTOWN, NJ] (NASDAQ: WSTG) announced that Michael Vesey will join as Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Most recently he served as Vice President of SEC Reporting for OTG Management, Inc., from January to September 2016. Prior to that, Mr. Vesey served as Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer from 2011 to 2015, and Vice President Corporate Controller from 2006 to 2011, for Majesco Entertainment Company. He began his career with the accounting firm KPMG.
Acorda Therapeutics, Inc. [ARDSLEY, N.Y.] (NASDAQ: ACOR) announced that Chief Financial Officer Michael Rogers has left the company. Andrew Hindman, Acorda’s Chief Business Development Officer, has assumed responsibility for Financial Planning and Analysis and Investor Relations. Mr. Rogers will serve as a consultant to the Company through the end of the year as part of this transition.
Florida East Coast Industries [CORAL GABLES, Fla.] announced the hiring of M. Bruce Snyder as Chief Financial Officer (CFO). Snyder most recently served as Senior Vice President of Finance and Accounting for Related Companies. He also held leadership positions with global mining leader Rio Tinto including Chief Financial Officer of Rio Tinto Palabora Mining Company and Chief Financial Officer of Rio Tinto Minerals. His career has also included executive positions with the St. Joe Company, CarrAmerica Realty, and Charles E. Smith Cos.
Taro Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd. [HAWTHORNE, N.Y.] (NYSE: TARO) announced the appointment of Mariano Balaguer as Vice President, CFO and Chief Accounting Officer. Mr. Balaguer has nearly 20 years of senior management experience in finance with global companies such as Novartis Consumer Health, Nestle and most recently, the Global Strategic Portfolio Division of Henry Schein.
Armstrong Flooring, Inc. [LANCASTER, Pa.] (NYSE: AFI) announced the appointment of Michael W. Malone to its board of directors. The board also appointed Mr. Malone to its Audit Committee. Mr. Malone served more than 30 years at Polaris Industries Inc., most recently as Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer from January 1997 through July 2015, retiring from the company in March 2016. From January 1997 to January 2010, he also served as Corporate Secretary of Polaris. Mr. Malone was Vice President and Treasurer of Polaris from December 1994 to January 1997 and was Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of the predecessor company of Polaris from January 1993 to December 1994. He joined Polaris in 1984 after four years with Arthur Andersen LLP. Since 2011, Mr. Malone has served as a member of the board of directors of Don Stevens LLC.
 
Healthcare Associates of Texas LLC [DALLAS] announced that Jeffrey M. Vines has joined the company as chief financial officer. Vines was previously with Adeptus Health Inc., where he served as vice president of finance and corporate controller.
Andy Kim
Participant Media [LOS ANGELES] has named Andy Kim its Chief Financial Officer. Kim will replace long-time veteran CFO Bob Murphy, who spent nine years at the company. Kim joins Participant from The Weinstein Company, where he has worked since 2005, and served as CFO since 2010. Prior to his tenure at TWC, Kim was Sr. Vice President, Finance, at Miramax Films and Assistant Vice President at Marsh (subsidiary of Marsh & McLennan Companies).
Truett-Hurst, Inc. [HEALDSBURG, Calif.] (NASDAQ: THST) announced the appointment of Evan B. Meyer as Chief Financial Officer, replacing Paul Forgue. Mr. Meyer recently served as the Chief Financial Officer of Avantel SAS. Prior to Avantel, he was the Chief Financial Officer of PaymentOne Corporation in Campbell, California from 2005 to 2015.  Prior to that, he served as Vice President of Finance and Administration at PaymentOne Corporation, from 2000 to 2004.  From 1994 to 1998, he served as Senior Manager and Principal Consultant at Pricewaterhouse Coopers LLP in San Francisco, California.
StorageCraft Technology Corp. [DRAPER, Utah] announced that Matthew Crumley is its new chief financial officer. Prior to joining StorageCraft, Crumley spent six years at inContact, Inc. prior to that, Crumley spent five years at Overstock as the director of accounting and SEC reporting and seven years as the manager of business assurance at PricewaterhouseCoopers.
DICK’S Sporting Goods, Inc. [PITTSBURGH] (NYSE: DKS) announced that Lee J. Belitsky has been appointed Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer. Mr. Belitsky assumes the responsibilities from André Hawaux, the Company’s Executive Vice President, Chief Operating Officer, who has served as the principal financial officer on an interim basis since August 2016. Mr. Hawaux will continue to serve as Chief Operating Officer. Mr. Belitsky joined DICK’S as Vice President, Controller in 1997 and was appointed Treasurer in 2005. Since that time, he has held a number of leadership positions, including Senior Vice President, Distribution/Transportation; Senior Vice President, Store Operations and Distribution/Transportation; Senior Vice President, Strategic Planning and Analysis and Treasury Services; Senior Vice President, Chief Risk and Compliance Officer; and Senior Vice President, Product Development. Most recently, Mr. Belitsky served as Executive Vice President, Product Development and Merchandise Planning, Allocation and Replenishment. Prior to DICK’S, Mr. Belitsky served as Chief Financial Officer for Domain, Inc., from 1993-1997. Prior to that, he spent over seven years with Morse Shoes, Inc., where he rose to Vice President, Controller and Treasurer, and nearly four years in audit at KPMG.
A. Schulman, Inc. [AKRON, Ohio] (NASDAQ: SHLM) announced that John W. Richardson has joined the Company initially as Executive Vice President – Finance. He will succeed Joseph J. Levanduski as Chief Financial Officer on November 1, 2016 to ensure a seamless transition of financial responsibilities. Richardson most recently served as chief financial officer at Qwest Communications International in 2008, having joined the company in 2003 as senior vice president & controller and also serving as chief accounting officer. He had previously served in progressively senior financial roles at Goodyear Tire & Rubber Company, including vice president – corporate finance and chief accounting officer, and as chairman and general manager of the company’s British subsidiary, spanning a 35-year career at Goodyear. Richardson retired from Goodyear in 2002.
TriNet Group, Inc. [SAN LEANDRO, Calif.] (NYSE: TNET) announced that its Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Bill Porter, plans to retire from the company after six years of service.
Relayware [JERSEY CITY, N.J. & OXFORD, England] announced that Jennifer Fleissner has been appointed as chief financial officer. Having served as the CFO at four companies prior, Fleissner comes to Relayware from Archive Systems and Soleil Securities.
Encina Solutions, LLC [CORAL GABLES, Fla.] announced the appointment of Charles Costenbader to the position of President and Chief Financial Officer. Mr. Costenbader brings strong international experience during his work in Shanghai, China as the Chief Operating Officer of Synthesis Energy Systems, Inc. He serves as a member of the Board of Directors for several energy companies in the United States.
Savage [SALT LAKE CITY] announced that Kimo Esplin, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer at Huntsman Corporation, will be joining the Company’s Board of Directors. Prior to his appointment as Huntsman Corporation’s Chief Financial Officer in 1999, Mr. Esplin served as Huntsman’s Treasurer from 1994 to 1999. He was previously a Vice President in the Investment Banking Division of Bankers Trust Company. Mr. Esplin also serves as a Director of Nutraceutical International Corporation.
Premier Commercial Bancorp [HILLSBORO, OR] (OTC PINK: PRCB) announced that it has hired Jason Wessling, as the new Chief Financial Officer for the Company and its wholly owned subsidiary, Premier Community Bank. He replaces the Company’s prior Chief Financial Officer of eight years, Bob Ekblad, who has transitioned to the role of Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer. Mr. Wessling was a former three year employee of Premier Community Bank.
Dynatronics Corporation [COTTONWOOD HEIGHTS, Utah] (NASDAQ: DYNT) announced the appointment of David A. Wirthlin as Chief Financial Officer (CFO).  Wirthlin will succeed Terry M. Atkinson, who will continue with Dynatronics as Director of Accounting. For 12 years, Wirthlin was Chief Financial Officer of ArmorWorks Enterprises, LLC, from June 2004 until January 2016.  Most recently, Wirthlin worked for ArmorWorks as a consultant on a contract basis.  Mr. Wirthlin previously served as Chief Financial Officer for Integrated Information Systems, Inc. and SkyMall, Inc.  He also brings seven years of public accounting and consulting experience from his time at Arthur Andersen in San Francisco and Salt Lake City.
Eagle Bulk Shipping Inc. [STAMFORD, Conn.] (NASDAQ: EGLE) announced that Frank De Costanzo will join the Company as Chief Financial Officer and Secretary. Mr. De Costanzo succeeds Adir Katzav who has decided to step down to pursue other professional opportunities. Mr. De Costanzo most recently served as Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Catalyst Paper Corporation.  Mr. De Costanzo also previously served as Vice President and Global Treasurer at Kinross Gold Corporation. Earlier in his career, Mr. De Costanzo served in positions of increasing responsibility at Pitney Bowes Inc., including Assistant Treasurer, Director of Internal Audit and Finance Director, International, for Pitney Bowes Software.  He also worked at The Dai-Ichi Kangyo Bank and Union Bank of Switzerland.
Josephine Iannelli
Bar Harbor Bankshares [Bar Harbor, Maine] appointed Josephine Iannelli as Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of the Company and the Bank. She replaces the Company’s Interim Chief Financial Officer Bradford Kopp. Prior to this appointment, Ms. Iannelli served as Senior Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer of Berkshire Hills Bancorp, Inc. (“Berkshire”), having previously served Berkshire as Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer since January 2014. She was the principal financial and accounting officer of Berkshire, having joined as Senior Vice President, Chief Accounting Officer in March 2013. Previously, Ms. Iannelli had senior accounting policy responsibilities at several banks, including PNC Financial, National City Corporation and KeyCorp.
DAS Group of Companies [NEW YORK] announced the promotion of Robert B. Lorfink to global chief financial officer. Prior to this promotion, Lorfink was DAS CFO of the Americas and immediately preceding that, he was president and COO of Ketchum.
Blue Cross Blue Shield of Massachusetts [BOSTON] has named Andreana Santangelo as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Santangelo replaces Allen Maltz who will retire at the end of 2016. Before joining Blue Cross, Santangelo held various leadership roles at CIGNA. She is a Fellow of the Society of Actuaries and a member of the American Academy of Actuaries. Santangelo is also a member of the board of directors at Junior Achievement of Northern New England.
 
Track Group, Inc. [SALT LAKE CITY] (OTCQX: TRCK), announced that Mark Attarian informed the Company of his intention to resign from his position as Chief Financial Officer. Mr. Attarian joined the Company as Chief Administrative Officer on July 11, 2016, and was appointed Chief Financial Officer on September 12, 2016.
MPLX LP [FINDLAY, Ohio] (NYSE: MPLX) announced that Pamela K.M. Beall, MPLX executive vice president of Corporate Planning and Strategy, has been named executive vice president and chief financial officer of MPLX GP LLC. Beall replaces Nancy K. Buese, who is retiring to pursue other opportunities. Beall brings substantial financial experience to the CFO role, as her career has included numerous finance, accounting and commercial roles at Marathon Petroleum Corp. (NYSE: MPC) and MPLX.
Lion Biotechnologies, Inc. [NEW YORK, NY] (NASDAQ: LBIO) announced the appointment of Gregory T. Schiffman as Chief Financial Officer of the company. Most recently, Mr. Schiffman was Executive Vice President and CFO of StemCells, Inc. Prior to StemCells, Mr. Schiffman was the Executive Vice President and CFO of Dendreon Corporation. Before entering the healthcare industry, Mr. Schiffman held roles of increasing responsibility during his eleven year term with Hewlett Packard, including serving as controller of its European personal computer manufacturing and distribution operations in Grenoble, France, and as manufacturing manager and controller of its Netmetrix Division.
Kareo [IRVINE, CA] announced the hiring of Gregg Waldon as the company’s new chief financial officer. Prior to Kareo, Waldon spent seven years as the CFO at RedBrick Health. Gregg also spent three years at SoftBrands, seven years at Stellent, and seven years at GalaGen.
Share this:LinkedInTwitterFacebookGoogleEmailPrintLike this:Like Loading...Follow CFO Moves via Email

Join the 6,385 people that receive this update by email every week. 
Enter your email address to subscribe to this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email.
 

							Email Address						












Sign up for the CFO Search Report
CFO Search Report, a follow on to CFO Moves, provides  information on CFO career opportunities in the market. 
CFO Search Report provides eligible CFOs with more information on the career opportunities identified in CFO Moves.  
CFO Search Report will provide monthly updates to eligible CFOs only. 
To apply to join and receive this exclusive monthly report, please click this link.
PS - Only qualified CFOs will be accepted to receive this exclusive monthly report. 


Samuel Dergel
Samuel is an Executive Search Consultant and CFO & Financial Executive Search Specialist with Dergel Executive Search.
Samuel and his team prepares this blog weekly so you can have one comprehensive source for CFO Moves across the USA. We track CFO Moves in our quest to be the most knowledgeable and up to date Executive Search firm focusing on the Chief Financial Officer.
If you are a company that would like help with your next CFO Hire, are a CFO that is looking to hire the right deputies for your team, or are a CFO looking for your next move, feel free to contact us.
Telephone: (415) 738-2070
Email: samuel@dergelcfo.com

 
 


Twitter: DergelCFOFollow"6 years later: Looking back at my career reboot" https://t.co/0DOtFZjK8z by @DergelCFO on @LinkedIn   Are you a #CFO with something to say about US #taxreform ?   RT @cfo: Penn West CFO and two deputies charged with #fraud. https://t.co/BlM98ACgrm https://t.co/oA76gnXLFu   This weeks' #CFO Moves includes movement at @LiquidRobotics @Kohls @MarinSoftware and 19 other co's… https://t.co/3VA0ZPZBq8   RT @OracleERPCloud: #CFOs: which quality best describes your style? See what else @DergelCFO thinks makes a great #CFO https://t.co/3TLWeah…   
Archives
Archives

Select Month
 July 2017 
 June 2017 
 May 2017 
 April 2017 
 March 2017 
 February 2017 
 January 2017 
 December 2016 
 November 2016 
 October 2016 
 September 2016 
 August 2016 
 July 2016 
 June 2016 
 May 2016 
 April 2016 
 March 2016 
 February 2016 
 January 2016 
 December 2015 
 November 2015 
 October 2015 
 September 2015 
 August 2015 
 July 2015 
 June 2015 
 May 2015 
 April 2015 
 March 2015 
 February 2015 
 January 2015 
 December 2014 
 November 2014 
 October 2014 
 September 2014 
 August 2014 
 July 2014 
 June 2014 
 May 2014 
 April 2014 
 March 2014 
 February 2014 
 January 2014 
 December 2013 
 November 2013 
 October 2013 
 September 2013 
 August 2013 
 July 2013 
 June 2013 
 May 2013 
 April 2013 
 March 2013 
 February 2013 
 January 2013 
 December 2012 
 November 2012 
 October 2012 
 September 2012 
 August 2012 
 July 2012 
 June 2012 
 May 2012 
 April 2012 
 March 2012 
 February 2012 
 January 2012 
 December 2011 
 November 2011 
 October 2011 
 September 2011 


EmailLinkedinRSSTwitter
© 2011-2016 Samuel Dergel (Executive Search Consultant and CFO Search Specialist). All rights reserved


 




Send to Email Address

Your Name

Your Email Address





Cancel

				Post was not sent - check your email addresses!			

				Email check failed, please try again			

				Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.			














%d bloggers like this:






Lion Biotechnologies Appoints Gregory Schiffman as Chief Financial Officer - MarketWatch

















































Bulletin






Investor Alert























press release


					Oct. 3, 2016, 8:01 a.m. EDT
				
Lion Biotechnologies Appoints Gregory Schiffman as Chief Financial Officer
























Oct 03, 2016 (Marketwired via COMTEX) --
NEW YORK, NY--(Marketwired - October 03, 2016) -  Lion Biotechnologies, Inc. , a biotechnology company developing novel cancer immunotherapies based on tumor-infiltrating lymphocytes (TILs), today announced the appointment of Gregory T. Schiffman, MBA as Chief Financial Officer of the company, effective immediately.


                                        








"As we continue to build the management team into a fully integrated oncology organization, we are delighted to welcome Greg to the team," said Lion Biotechnologies President and CEO, Maria Fardis, Ph.D. "Greg has extensive experience in the cell-based therapy space having overseen finance, accounting and manufacturing functions in his previous positions."


                                        








Mr. Schiffman brings fifteen years of experience leading the financial operations and strategy of publicly-traded healthcare companies such as Dendreon, Affymetrix and Applied Biosystems. Most recently, he was Executive Vice President and CFO of StemCells, Inc, a cell-based therapeutics company where he oversaw all activities related to finance and accounting, information technology, and corporate communications. In his previous positions, in addition to his finance and accounting duties, he also was responsible for the implementation of commercial infrastructure processes and systems, supply chain logistics, procurement and manufacturing. Prior to StemCells, Mr. Schiffman was the Executive Vice President and CFO of Dendreon Corporation, a publicly traded biotechnology company engaged in the discovery, development and commercialization of novel therapeutics cellular immunotherapy and small molecule products.


                                        








Before entering the healthcare industry, Mr. Schiffman held roles of increasing responsibility during his eleven year term with Hewlett Packard, including serving as controller of its European personal computer manufacturing and distribution operations in Grenoble, France, and as manufacturing manager and controller of its Netmetrix Division. Mr. Schiffman holds a bachelor's degree in accounting from De Paul University and an MBA from the Kellogg Graduate School of Management at Northwestern University. Mr. Schiffman also is a CPA in Illinois.


                                        








About Lion Biotechnologies


                                        








Lion Biotechnologies, Inc. is a clinical-stage biotechnology company focused on the development of cancer immunotherapy products for the treatment of various cancers. The Company's lead product candidate is an adoptive cell therapy using tumor-infiltrating lymphocytes (TIL) for the treatment of patients with refractory metastatic melanoma. TIL therapy is also being evaluated in clinical trials at the National Cancer Institute, MD Anderson Cancer Center and Moffitt Cancer Center. For more information, please visit         http://www.lbio.com/









Forward-Looking Statements


                                        








This press release contains certain forward-looking statements for purposes of the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 that are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, including those described in the Company's most recently filed quarterly report on Form 10-Q and annual report on Form 10-K. Any forward-looking statements that we make in this press release speak only as of the date of this press release. Except as required by law, the Company undertakes no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.


                                        








Investor Relations Contact: 
 Sarah McCabe
 Stern Investor Relations, Inc.
 212-362-1200
 sarah@sternir.com
 
Media Relations Contact:
 Alex Ferrara
 inVentivHealth Public Relations
 212-849-9487 
 Alexandra.Ferrara@inventivhealth.com


                                        








© 2016 Nasdaq, Inc. All rights reserved.
                    



































Most Popular





1.






O.J. Simpson made over $400,000 while in prison and won’t have to give any of it to the Goldman family






2.





Earnings Outlook

Alphabet earnings: A $2.74 billion hit for Google, potential YouTube results for investors






3.





The Tell

Bitcoin surges as miners avert split for now






4.





Market Snapshot

Stocks brace for volatility in earnings deluge; Fed meeting looms 






5.





Clip from the News Hub - GMT

Christopher Nolan’s ‘Dunkirk’: 'Virtual Reality Without the Headset'








Find a Broker

Partner Center »























Featured Stories





Seeing America again through new eyes







How to dig yourself out of debt







Move over, Tesla? Karma unveils its hybrid sports car







The salary you need to afford a home in these 25 cities







Why OPEC will never cut production again













Log In




6:58 AM EDT
July 23, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Closed


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
6:00a4 costly mistakes people make when buying cars
5:00aWhat’s a cameo – like Ed Sheeran on Game of Thrones – actually worth?
5:12pTrump says he has ‘complete power to pardon’
5:08pLawmakers reach deal on Russia sanctions bill: reports
5:00pAlphabet earnings: A $2.74 billion hit for Google, potential YouTube results for investors
3:30pYou can date someone who looks just like Donald Trump with this new online service 
3:29pWant to buy happiness? Splurge on these 5 things
3:28pThis is what people really buy when they emotionally overspend (hint: it’s not designer clothes)
2:40pJohn McCain is a war hero — but think twice before saying he’s ‘battling’ cancer 
2:38pThe dark side of cruises
2:37pI want to buy my brothers out of our family home — but they want me to pay (future) sales fees
2:35pO.J. Simpson made over $400,000 while in prison and won’t have to give any of it to the Goldman family
2:34pNot even free money can make some people go to the gym 
2:34pHow real-estate TV shows determine what buyers look for in a house
2:34pWhat Eleanor Roosevelt and Helen Gurley Brown ate — and what we can learn from it 
2:33pNote to parents: This social network was rated the worst for teenage cyberbullying
2:33pIf, like Sean Spicer, you suddenly quit your job — what should you do next?
2:32pThis is the deadliest time of your life to put on weight
2:32p5 unfortunate reasons why millennials can’t have nice things (or save any money)
2:26pU.S. giving takeover bids by Chinese firms much tougher look
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,580.07

-31.71
-0.15%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,387.75

-2.25
-0.04%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,472.54

-0.91
-0.04%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15
































































Sitemap  - Salary.com







































Enterprise
Small Business
Personal


Contact Us
Log In































Salaries
Jobs
Education
Advice













Sitemap 





  


Salary

US Salary Wizard
Purchase a Salary Report
Browse by Category
Browse by Income
Popular Salaries
Canadian Salary Wizard
Negotiation Tips
Trends
Benefits Calculator
Benefits Information
Executive Pay Wizard
Employment & Labor News


Job Search

Search Job Openings
Job Comparison Tool
Browse Jobs by State
Browse by Category
Resume Advice
Job Alert Emails
Interview Techniques
Networking
Personal Branding
Unemployment
Popular Job Searches


Education

Education Finder
Browse by Career
Browse by Level
Browse by Major
College Tuition Planner
Higher-Education
Vocational Education
Training & Certification
Trade Shows & Conferences
Internships





 


Career Development

Archetype Test
Performance Self-Test
Career Profiles
Performance Reviews
Management Advice


Work & Life

Cost of Living Calculator
Cost of Living News
Relocating for Work
Work/Life Balance
Get Organized
Office Politics
Investing Wisely
Volunteering


Features

Salary Talk Podcast
Dream Jobs
Ask The Salary Expert
Office Etiquette
 Mom Salary Wizard
 Dad Salary Wizard
 The Executive Presence Blog
 Boost Your Work/Life Balance
 The Salary Tutor
 Get Interviews
 Personality Style at Work
 Awesomize Me
 Dollars & $ense Job Search
 Green Notes
 Job Channel Network
Glossary







Product Overviews


Data Subscriptions
Job Pricing Reports


Articles


HR Articles
Compensation
Defining a Job
Hiring Employees
Measuring Performance
Leadership 
Running a Business
Leadership
Organization
Finance



































     

privacy policy
terms of use
about us
contact us

©  Salary.com. All rights reserved.


US Salaries
Canadian Salaries
Purchase a Salary Report
Salaries by Category
Salaries by Income
Salaries by Industry
Popular Salaries
Negotiation Tips
Benefits Calculator
Search Job Openings
Job Openings by State
Job Openings by Category
Education by Career
Education by Level
Education by Major
Cost of Living Calculator












