

John Schlifske, Northwestern Mutual Life Insurance Co/The: Profile & Biography - Bloomberg



































































  























Feedback





John Schlifske

Chairman/CEO,
Northwestern Mutual Life Insurance Co/The






Career History




Chairman/CEO
Northwestern Mutual Life Insurance Co/The, 5/2014-PRESENT


Chairman/President/CEO
Northwestern Mutual Life Insurance Co/The, 7/2013-5/2014


Chief Executive Officer
Northwestern Mutual Life Insurance Co/The, 7/2010-7/2013


President
Northwestern Mutual Life Insurance Co/The, 2009-7/2010


President/CEO
Russell Investments, 6/2008-2/2009


Executive Vice President
Northwestern Mutual Life Insurance Co/The, 2004-2008


Chairman/CEO
Northwestern Mutual Life Insurance Co/The, 8/2010-UNKNOWN


Investment Specialist
Northwestern Mutual Life Insurance Co/The, 1987-UNKNOWN


Executive Vice President
Northwestern Mutual Life Insurance Co/The, FORMER


Show More







Corporate Information
Address:



Phone:
-


Fax:
-











From The Web












Personal Information



Education



Northwestern University
Master's Degree, 1983


Carleton College
Bachelor's Degree, Economics, 1981








Memberships



Board Memberships




Russell Investments


Board Member, PRESENT




Children's Hospital of Wisconsin Inc/Milwaukee WI


Board Member, PRESENT




Metropolitan Milwaukee Assn of Commerce


Board Member, PRESENT




Froedtert Health Inc


Board Member, PRESENT




Metropolitan Milwaukee Association of Commerce


Board Member, PRESENT




Northwestern Mutual Life Insurance Co/The


Chairman, 5/2014-PRESENT




Kohls Corp


Board Member, 8/2011-PRESENT




Meridian Automotive Systems Inc


Board Member, 5/1997-PRESENT



Show More





Other Memberships




 Greater Milwaukee Committee


Member




Northwestern Mutual Life Insurance Company


Trustee









Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data


































John Edward Schlifske: Executive Profile & Biography - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 11:23 AM ET
Insurance

Company Overview of The Northwestern Mutual Life Insurance Company



SnapshotPeople 




OverviewBoard MembersCommittees



Executive Profile
John Edward Schlifske  Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, The Northwestern Mutual Life Insurance CompanyAgeTotal Calculated CompensationThis person is connected to 3 Board Members in 3 different organizations across 4 different industries.See Board Relationships57--
Background

		Mr. John Edward Schlifske serves as the Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of The Northwestern Mutual Life Insurance Company and Northwestern Mutual Investment Services, LLC. Mr. Schlifske served as an Executive Vice President at IPS and Affiliates of Northwestern Mutual Financial Network. Mr. Schlifske served as the Chief Executive Officer and President at Russell Investments Limited. He served as the President of The Northwestern Mutual Life Insurance ... Company since March 31, 2009. Mr. Schlifske served as the President at Frank Russell Company. He served as Senior Vice President of Affiliates at The Northwestern Mutual Life Insurance Company since 2004. Previously, he served as an Interim Chief Executive Officer and Interim President of Russell Investments Limited. He served as the Chief Executive Officer of Northwestern Mutual Life Insurance from July 2010 to July 13, 2011. He also served as a Senior Vice President of Securities and Real Estate at Northwestern Mutual Life Insurance. He also served as the Chief Executive Officer at Northwestern Mutual Investment Services, Northwestern Mutual's broker-dealer. He served as Executive Vice president of The Northwestern Mutual Life Insurance Company since June 2006. He served as Executive Vice President of Affiliate Investment at The Northwestern Mutual Life Insurance Company and served as its Senior Vice President of Securities and Real Estate. He served as Senior Vice President of Investment Products and Services at The Northwestern Mutual Life Insurance Company since 2004. He has been the Chairman of The Northwestern Mutual Life Insurance Company since August 01, 2010 and has been its Director since March 2009. He has been an Independent Director of Kohl's Corporation since 2011. He serves as a Director at Frank Russell Company. He served as a Director of Meridian Automotive Systems, Inc.Read Full Background




Corporate Headquarters
720 East Wisconsin AvenueMilwaukee, Wisconsin 53202United StatesPhone: 414-271-1444Fax: --
Board Members Memberships
Chairman and Chief Executive OfficerNorthwestern Mutual Investment Services, LLC2009-PresentChairman and Chief Executive OfficerThe Northwestern Mutual Life Insurance Company2011-PresentIndependent DirectorKohl's Corporation
Education
BA 1981Carleton CollegeMaster's Degree 1983J.L. Kellogg School of Management, Northwestern University
Other Affiliations
Kohl's CorporationFrank Russell CompanyMeridian Automotive Systems, Inc.Carleton CollegeNorthwestern Mutual Financial NetworkJ.L. Kellogg School of Management, Northwestern UniversityNorthwestern Mutual Investment Services, LLCNML Variable Annuity Account ANorthwestern Mutual Wealth Management CompanyRussell Investments Limited


Annual Compensation
				There is no Annual Compensation data available.
				Stocks Options
				There is no Stock Options data available.
				Total Compensation
				There is no Total Compensation data available.
			



Request Profile Update
















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



COMPETITOR COMPENSATIONThere is no Competitor Compensation data available.










Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact The Northwestern Mutual Life Insurance Company, please visit .  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close






























LEADERS Interview with John E. Schlifske, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Northwestern Mutual















ONLINE



Home
About

Editorial Policy
Editorial Calendar
Photo Specifications (PDF)


Current Issue
Past Issues
Advertising

Rates and Positions
Closing Dates
Digital Ads
Terms


Contact Us
Reprints (PDF)
BPA(PDF)

Loading













John E. Schlifske


Centered on Relevance


An Interview with John E. Schlifske, 
			    Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Northwestern Mutual


Editors’ Note
John Schlifske is also a member of Northwestern Mutual’s board of trustees. Schlifske joined Northwestern Mutual in 1987 as an investment specialist. He later headed various aspects of its investment function. Schlifske is a director on the corporate boards of Kohl’s Corporation and Russell Investment Company. In the Greater Milwaukee community, Schlifske is Co-Chair of Milwaukee Succeeds and serves on the boards of Children’s Hospital of Wisconsin, Froedtert & Community Health, and the Metropolitan Milwaukee Association of Commerce. Schlifske received a bachelor’s degree in economics from Carleton College and a master’s degree in finance and accounting from the Kellogg Graduate School of Management at Northwestern University.
Company Brief
Northwestern Mutual (www.northwesternmutual.com) is the marketing name for The Northwestern Mutual Life Insurance Company and its subsidiaries. Northwestern Mutual was among the “World’s Most Admired” life insurance companies in 2013 according to FORTUNE® magazine and has helped clients achieve financial security for more than 156 years. Northwestern Mutual and its subsidiaries offer a holistic approach to financial security solutions including: life insurance, long-term care insurance, disability income insurance, annuities, investment products, and advisory products and services.
What has enabled Northwestern Mutual to perform so effectively year after year?
We are constantly focused on improving our relevance with clients, policyowners, potential clients, and so on.
It all centers on relevance. If you go back 30 years, the relevance of this company was dependent on one key product – life insurance – which we did a good job of manufacturing and distributing. Today, we see that there is a lack of financial planning for people throughout their life stages. We have remained relevant because we have evolved into a company focused on filling the gap around this lack of planning.
The innovation we have driven at Northwestern Mutual is not around product features or social media – although we’re in good shape in both areas, –but how our relevance to our clients has evolved and strengthened over the past 15 years.
The industry faces a key issue, which is that a lot of products are sold in a transactional format. There is nothing wrong with that approach, but it’s just a product sale – it’s not tied to holistic planning. We’re evolving to provide one plan and a lifetime relationship with a trusted advisor. Because of that, our growth is accelerating.
Many talk about the complexities of this business. What do you look for in your people today?
The first is the notion of being well trained. That is not just the classic Chartered Life Underwriter (CLU) designation, but it’s also evident by other designations: Chartered Financial Consultants (CFC), Certified Financial Planners (CFP), Chartered Advisors for Senior Living (CASL), and others. The education and credentialing of our field force is growing.
The second thing is that our field force understands that they have to continually acquire knowledge throughout their careers.
Also, the way our representatives are working is changing. In the old days, they were like lone rangers; increasingly, they’re partnering. We don’t expect our reps to know every technical detail about everything, especially when they’re merging the investment side of a client’s portfolio with the insurance side of his needs, as we have. So they partner with those who complement them. 
Are people aware of the critical nature of financial planning?
Thirty or forty years ago, when it came to retirement, the average person was relying on Social Security, but also the value of a home and a pension. Those things have become less significant, and people nationwide have had to learn more about planning for themselves. But as a country, we haven’t made the shift to actively planning.
It has been noted that people spend more time planning a vacation than their retirement. This is why we’re confident that the role of a trusted advisor is relevant today. The advisor brings discipline, not just in creating the plan but in helping the client stick to it. We do believe you should start at a young age. The eighth wonder of the world is compound interest and the sooner you start that process, the better it works for you.
How critical is it that your workforce mirrors the diversity of your clientele?
We are laser-focused on it. Both in the field and the home office, we have made a concerted effort around diversity and inclusion and we’re starting to gain traction.
When I look at the ratio of recruiting and retaining women and people of color to our field force, it is improving. It’s the same thing in the home office. We continue to make progress both at the employee level and the board level.
Part of the reason for our success in this regard is that we are focusing on both inclusiveness and diversity. Our philosophy is that you have to create the right culture so that all people feel included when they join and so they remain with the company to build their careers.
From a demographic perspective, it’s clear that the U.S. is becoming less Caucasian. There is no doubt that to fully penetrate the U.S. market, we need a workforce that is as diverse as the general population.
Have you been innovative in terms of client offerings? Do you need to innovate to address the changing needs of customers?
I don’t think innovation is what consumers are looking for on the product side. There are three components to an insurance product: your mortality, your expenses, and your investment component.
You can repackage this and add bells and whistles, and put in guarantees over risk transfer or risk sharing but, at day’s end, it’s more financial engineering than true innovation. It’s moving risk-taking from one group of policyowners to another or from policyowners to shareholders.
There have been plenty of new products introduced in the market that lower the premium cost to policyowners, but not necessarily the price for the long term.
Where we see innovation is around the planning and the way we deal with clients. For instance, we have many clients today who are newly married couples and recently out of school. They are in mid- to late-20s, with few assets, little investable net worth, lots of debt, and a high potential for future income – this is who we work with.
We are not a stock brokerage firm that needs to have $250,000 to make an account profitable. We start working with young people right away in terms of disability insurance, life insurance, and other needs. As their family situation changes and they pay off debts, perhaps have children, and start on the road to affluence, we can grow with them.
The way we have created that is partially on the product side, but primarily on the planning side. Our reps are trained to speak in an educated way with those two young people about disability insurance. They can also talk to the two married people at age 50 who have kids in college and other issues including, of course, retirement. 
What we have going in the retirement space right now is not just about products. It’s about how all of the different products come together in one plan around lifetime income and a legacy, be it a charitable legacy or passing money on to heirs.
So what is innovative is how we package those products in a retirement planning module. We have even applied for a patent on it. 
Have you put metrics in place to track service standards?
We are very service-oriented and we have all sorts of service metrics to determine, for instance, how fast calls get answered and how quickly the policyowners’ questions are handled. With our system, a lot of our servicing is handled by our financial representatives, who are hiring more people to work with them, because the service requirements of their customer base are increasing.
The single best way we measure service quality is something we call persistency; it’s the inverse of our lapse rates. Our persistency is the percentage of people in a given year that don’t let their products lapse. Our persistency rate is in the 96 to 97 percent range. We’re spending a lot more money on consumer-facing technology that helps reinforce relevance.What is interesting is that this persistency rate is roughly the same on the insurance side of our business as it is on the investment side. So even for people who have investment accounts with our broker-dealer or with our wealth management company, we’re seeing persistency rates in the very high 90s.
There is more than product performance driving that; some of that is service level. We think that persistency is the best way to track total client satisfaction.
What type of impact has technology had on the business?
Historically, we have spent a great deal of money on technology for the back office: running our operations, calculating policy dividends and cash values, processing work. It’s something the client never sees, but it makes us an efficient company.
In addition to that, it’s important to spend money on client-facing technology. It’s how a client experiences Northwestern Mutual. It’s having a consolidated view of all of a client’s products, including products that we don’t sell but the client owns from a different relationship. It’s also the ability to see the client’s plan and evaluate if he’s on or off track with it.
We’re spending a lot more money on consumer-facing technology that helps reinforce relevance, but we’re trying to do it in a way that is integrated, not just with the back office but with social media and the clients’ ability to share information with their advisors.
We don’t view technology as an iPad app; we see it as integration around your financial plan, your relationship with your advisor, and your relationship with Northwestern Mutual.
Is there a good understanding and awareness of the benefits that this industry offers?
I see more of a lack of understanding. The amount of benefits paid out by the life insurance industry on a daily basis is substantial and it compares favorably with the size of benefits paid out by the Social Security Administration on a daily basis.
What we’re ultimately selling is peace of mind and the notion that it’s a feeling, not a product. The reason why the industry got behind is because of the phenomenal bull market Americans lived through from 1983 to 2007. It created an environment where people thought it was easy to accumulate money – all you had to do was throw your money into a 401(k) and you’d be rich.What people are increasingly seeing is the stability the industry offers, the fact that we are there when times are good but also when they’re bad. The life insurance industry took a back seat. But what people are increasingly seeing is the stability the industry offers, the fact that we are there when times are good but also when they’re bad. The industry’s reputation is being reevaluated by consumers.
What makes an effective CEO?
A CEO has to do two or three things really well. For starters, it’s having a vision, setting a course of action, and getting everyone to collaborate and work towards that.
A good CEO also has to set standards of high performance – and I don’t just mean financial. It’s about being exceptional in everything we do and setting those bars high. Generally, if you do all of the little things right, the big things come together.
We have spent a lot of time over the past several years focusing on how we need to get better. Even though we’re arguably the best company in the industry, we can’t rest. We constantly have to raise our standards – the best must get better in order to maintain preeminence.
The last thing I try to do is focus on “creating the future,” so it’s more than a vision – it’s seeing where we need to be four to six years out in order to be just as relevant as we are now. We call it creating the future, because it’s not just seeing where we need to go – it’s creating the environment to get us there.
Do you ever take time to reflect on Northwestern Mutual’s success?
I make a conscious effort to do that. I close almost every public forum where I’m speaking with an advisory to enjoy the journey. Northwestern Mutual is a 156-year-old company. Hopefully, we will be around for another 156 years. There is no end point in our history, so we think about the mini-milestones along the way. This way, we can stop and enjoy the journey.•



Click Here to Download a PDF of An Interview with John E. Schlifske, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Northwestern Mutual


See other features from LEADERS Magazine's July, August, September 2013 edition













John E. Schlifske - Executive Bio, Compensation History, and Contacts - Equilar Atlas










 

















Log in | Sign up








x

 






As Featured In



















John E. Schlifske
Board Member at Kohl's Corporation


View Full Profile
Are you John E. Schlifske? Claim your profile


 


Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view John E. Schlifske's full profile. 
With Equilar Atlas, you can:



IDENTIFY corporate executives in John E. Schlifske's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in John E. Schlifske's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with John E. Schlifske through your network of contacts.
												








John E. Schlifske's Executive Work History


Current


Board Member, 
Kohl's Corporation


Past
To view John E. Schlifske's complete executive work history, sign up now
Age
57

 
 


John E. Schlifske's Biography



Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of The Northwestern Mutual Life Insurance Company since 2010. Mr. Schlifske held a number of executive management positions at The Northwestern Mutual Life Insurance Company since 1987, including Chairman and Chief Executive Officer since July 2010, President from March 2009 through July 2010 and July 2013 through April 2014, interim President and Chief Executive Officer of Frank Russell Investment Company (at that time, a subsidiary of The Northwestern Mutual Life Insurance Company) from June 2008 to February 2009, Executive Vice President - Investment Products and Services from June 2006 through June 200 ...
(Read More)

			Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of The Northwestern Mutual Life Insurance Company since 2010. Mr. Schlifske held a number of executive management positions at The Northwestern Mutual Life Insurance Company since 1987, including Chairman and Chief Executive Officer since July 2010, President from March 2009 through July 2010 and July 2013 through April 2014, interim President and Chief Executive Officer of Frank Russell Investment Company (at that time, a subsidiary of The Northwestern Mutual Life Insurance Company) from June 2008 to February 2009, Executive Vice President - Investment Products and Services from June 2006 through June 2008 and Senior Vice President - Investment Products and Services from January 2004 through May 2006. He also serves on the Board of Trustees of The Northwestern Mutual Life Insurance Company.
The Governance & Nominating Committee believes Mr. Schlifske's qualifications to serve on our Board of Directors include his experience as Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of a major company and his broad-based financial expertise.
		
Source: Kohl's Corporation on 03/31/2017
		
	

 






Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view John E. Schlifske's full profile. 



												By accessing Equilar Atlas, you can view bios, network, salary and wealth events
												of industry-leading executives like John E. Schlifske. More specifically, you'll be able to:
												

IDENTIFY corporate executives in John E. Schlifske's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in John E. Schlifske's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with John E. Schlifske through your network of conections.
												




View Full Profile


 








Search for over 360,000 executive profiles.





/bio



													Example: John E. Schlifske


















John E. Schlifske's Connections (105)





Sign up now to view John E. Schlifske's 105 connections »









Donald A. Brennan
Former Chief Merchandising Officer, Kohl's Corporation









Steven A. Burd
Board Member, Kohl's Corporation









Sona Chawla
Chief Operating Officer, Kohl's Corporation









Michelle D. Gass
Chief Merchandising and Customer Officer, Kohl's Corporation









Kevin Mansell
Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer, Kohl's Corporation









Timothy W. Sullivan
Dir. and Chief Executive Officer, Rev Group









J. Joel Quadracci
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, Quad/Graphics, Inc.









Edward J. Zore
Board Member, ManpowerGroup Inc.









Curt S. Culver
Chairman and Former Chief Executive Officer, MGIC Investment Corporation









Stephanie A. Streeter
Board Member, Kohl's Corporation








Popular Profiles






														Sign up now to view more executive profiles »
														









Thomas J. Lynch
Executive Chairman, TE Connectivity Ltd.









John J. Kita
EVP and CFO, A. O. Smith









Carl G. Annessa
EVP and COO, Hornbeck Offshore Services, Inc.









Elon R. Musk
CEO and Chairman, Tesla









Michael C. Montgomery
Board Member, NMI Holdings, Inc.












×

Claim Your Profile Coming Soon
Interested in updating your biography and work history?
We're working on making it happen.
We'll email you when this feature is available.
Please enter valid email address.

Done


Thank you for your interest.
Ok






			Browse executive profiles:
			
				 A
			
				 B
			
				 C
			
				 D
			
				 E
			
				 F
			
				 G
			
				 H
			
				 I
			
				 J
			
				 K
			
				 L
			
				 M
			
				 N
			
				 O
			
				 P
			
				 Q
			
				 R
			
				 S
			
				 T
			
				 U
			
				 V
			
				 W
			
				 X
			
				 Y
			
				 Z



Equilar Homepage
Equilar Atlas
Equilar Insight
Equilar BoardEdge
Equilar Engage
Research Services
Knowledge Network
About Us
Login

ï¿½ 2017 Equilar All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
1100 Marshall Street, Redwood City, CA 94063 | Phone (650) 241-6600 | Fax (650) 701-0993

















LEADERS John E. Schlifske, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Northwestern Mutual















ONLINE



Home
About

Editorial Policy
Editorial Calendar
Photo Specifications (PDF)


Current Issue
Past Issues
Advertising

Rates and Positions
Closing Dates
Digital Ads
Terms


Contact Us
Reprints (PDF)
BPA(PDF)

Loading














John E. Schlifske


Leaders in Insurance


Interviews with John E. Schlifske, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, and senior executives of Northwestern Mutual


Editors’ Note
John Schlifske became CEO and Chairman in 2010, and is also a member of the board of trustees. He earlier served as President of the company and before that was interim President and CEO of Russell Investment Company, a Northwestern Mutual subsidiary. Schlifske joined Northwestern Mutual in 1987 as an investment specialist and later headed various aspects of its investment function. He also led the company’s retail broker-dealer. Schlifske received a Bachelor of Arts degree in economics from Carleton College and a Master’s degree in finance and accounting from the Kellogg Graduate School of Management at Northwestern University.
Company Brief
Headquartered in Milwaukee, Wisconsin, with $1.2 trillion of life insurance protection in force, the Northwestern Mutual Life Insurance Company (www.northwesternmutual.com) has helped clients achieve financial security for more than 155 years. Northwestern Mutual and its subsidiaries offer financial security solutions including life insurance, long-term care insurance, disability insurance, annuities, investment products, and advisory products and services. Subsidiaries include Northwestern Mutual Investment Services, LLC; the Northwestern Mutual Wealth Management Company; Northwestern Long Term Care Insurance Company; and Russell Investments.
What makes Northwestern Mutual so special and how has the brand remained consistently well-regarded?
It starts with our mutual values, which go beyond our mutual structure. We try to do the right thing in all aspects of our business – underwriting, our claims philosophy, our investment strategy, our product value, our financial strength; it all emanates from the fact that we’re owned by our policyowners. We aim to be the strongest company in our industry in all economic cycles. We aim to have the best long-term value of any company for any product. We focus on the fundamentals – mortality, persistency, expenses, and investment returns, which are the only ways to create real value for an insurance policy. And we are ruthless in our discipline around these fundamentals.
Our distribution continues through our exclusive career agency force, which helps us best serve clients with long-term advisor relationships that last a lifetime. Over the past couple of decades, we’ve taken a holistic approach to financial security by integrating insurance and investments so we’re not just an insurance company anymore.
Is there a strong understanding of the investment side and how broad the offerings have become for Northwestern Mutual?
The level of penetration we’re getting on the investment side for clients is growing nicely. The size of the nugget we manage for our clients is substantial. We like the persistency and some measures suggest it’s higher than the very strong persistency we have on the insurance side of the business.
How do you differentiate in this space when products are similar across the board?
The best way to differentiate our company is through the conversations that prospective clients and policyowners have with our field force. We offer objective, third-party data, not just our own internally generated data.
But the best way we make the case is by looking at our clients. People who buy our products early in their lives tend to buy multiple times. So the best way to experience the Northwestern Mutual business model and long-term value is by owning our products.
You foster a culture of innovation. How critical has it been to adapt and evolve your product offerings?
We take great pride in how we innovate, but we don’t always get credit for that because it’s not as tangible as in other fields. No other company in the industry, either on the brokerage side or the insurance side, brings together investments and insurance the way we do in a holistic planning environment based on a lifetime relationship with a client.
We use technology to help enhance the relationships between our clients and their financial reps. That includes Web site content, social media, and electronic views of our clients’ holdings. It also includes the way we show clients their financial security plans that they can execute over time.
What makes a successful agent today? What kind of skill set are you seeking?
I don’t think the skill set has changed. We have always focused on trying to meet the needs of clients. We’re not in the business of short-term transactions but of forming lifetime relationships with our clients. The basic skill our reps need is understanding the client/family situation, as well as their goals and aspirations – that hasn’t really changed over time.
What has changed is our reps now have a broader tool box, so they not only need to understand life insurance, but also the investment world. They need to understand how to handle someone in retirement versus someone who is accumulating wealth in their 40s and 50s.
The people in our sales force that succeed are those who have a long-term time horizon, value relationships over transactions, and understand that their financial success as salespeople is tied to the financial success of others, so they put the goals of their client ahead of their own goals.
How will you ensure the continued success you’ve achieved?
Our biggest challenge is continually finding ways to make the best better. We’re not complacent and we have to continue to broaden our skill set and talent so we can be the best company in the industry 20 years from now, just as we are today.
We are in a growth trajectory, so we want to make sure we continue that growth, both in the size of our field force and the markets we’re in. We’re growing our brand so more people understand the kind of company we are. “The Quiet Company” is turning up the volume.•


Click Here to Download a PDF of An John E. Schlifske, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Northwestern Mutual
See other features from LEADERS Magazine's April, May, June 2012 edition









LEADERS John E. Schlifske, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Northwestern Mutual















ONLINE



Home
About

Editorial Policy
Editorial Calendar
Photo Specifications (PDF)


Current Issue
Past Issues
Advertising

Rates and Positions
Closing Dates
Digital Ads
Terms


Contact Us
Reprints (PDF)
BPA(PDF)

Loading














John E. Schlifske


Leaders in Insurance


Interviews with John E. Schlifske, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, and senior executives of Northwestern Mutual


Editors’ Note
John Schlifske became CEO and Chairman in 2010, and is also a member of the board of trustees. He earlier served as President of the company and before that was interim President and CEO of Russell Investment Company, a Northwestern Mutual subsidiary. Schlifske joined Northwestern Mutual in 1987 as an investment specialist and later headed various aspects of its investment function. He also led the company’s retail broker-dealer. Schlifske received a Bachelor of Arts degree in economics from Carleton College and a Master’s degree in finance and accounting from the Kellogg Graduate School of Management at Northwestern University.
Company Brief
Headquartered in Milwaukee, Wisconsin, with $1.2 trillion of life insurance protection in force, the Northwestern Mutual Life Insurance Company (www.northwesternmutual.com) has helped clients achieve financial security for more than 155 years. Northwestern Mutual and its subsidiaries offer financial security solutions including life insurance, long-term care insurance, disability insurance, annuities, investment products, and advisory products and services. Subsidiaries include Northwestern Mutual Investment Services, LLC; the Northwestern Mutual Wealth Management Company; Northwestern Long Term Care Insurance Company; and Russell Investments.
What makes Northwestern Mutual so special and how has the brand remained consistently well-regarded?
It starts with our mutual values, which go beyond our mutual structure. We try to do the right thing in all aspects of our business – underwriting, our claims philosophy, our investment strategy, our product value, our financial strength; it all emanates from the fact that we’re owned by our policyowners. We aim to be the strongest company in our industry in all economic cycles. We aim to have the best long-term value of any company for any product. We focus on the fundamentals – mortality, persistency, expenses, and investment returns, which are the only ways to create real value for an insurance policy. And we are ruthless in our discipline around these fundamentals.
Our distribution continues through our exclusive career agency force, which helps us best serve clients with long-term advisor relationships that last a lifetime. Over the past couple of decades, we’ve taken a holistic approach to financial security by integrating insurance and investments so we’re not just an insurance company anymore.
Is there a strong understanding of the investment side and how broad the offerings have become for Northwestern Mutual?
The level of penetration we’re getting on the investment side for clients is growing nicely. The size of the nugget we manage for our clients is substantial. We like the persistency and some measures suggest it’s higher than the very strong persistency we have on the insurance side of the business.
How do you differentiate in this space when products are similar across the board?
The best way to differentiate our company is through the conversations that prospective clients and policyowners have with our field force. We offer objective, third-party data, not just our own internally generated data.
But the best way we make the case is by looking at our clients. People who buy our products early in their lives tend to buy multiple times. So the best way to experience the Northwestern Mutual business model and long-term value is by owning our products.
You foster a culture of innovation. How critical has it been to adapt and evolve your product offerings?
We take great pride in how we innovate, but we don’t always get credit for that because it’s not as tangible as in other fields. No other company in the industry, either on the brokerage side or the insurance side, brings together investments and insurance the way we do in a holistic planning environment based on a lifetime relationship with a client.
We use technology to help enhance the relationships between our clients and their financial reps. That includes Web site content, social media, and electronic views of our clients’ holdings. It also includes the way we show clients their financial security plans that they can execute over time.
What makes a successful agent today? What kind of skill set are you seeking?
I don’t think the skill set has changed. We have always focused on trying to meet the needs of clients. We’re not in the business of short-term transactions but of forming lifetime relationships with our clients. The basic skill our reps need is understanding the client/family situation, as well as their goals and aspirations – that hasn’t really changed over time.
What has changed is our reps now have a broader tool box, so they not only need to understand life insurance, but also the investment world. They need to understand how to handle someone in retirement versus someone who is accumulating wealth in their 40s and 50s.
The people in our sales force that succeed are those who have a long-term time horizon, value relationships over transactions, and understand that their financial success as salespeople is tied to the financial success of others, so they put the goals of their client ahead of their own goals.
How will you ensure the continued success you’ve achieved?
Our biggest challenge is continually finding ways to make the best better. We’re not complacent and we have to continue to broaden our skill set and talent so we can be the best company in the industry 20 years from now, just as we are today.
We are in a growth trajectory, so we want to make sure we continue that growth, both in the size of our field force and the markets we’re in. We’re growing our brand so more people understand the kind of company we are. “The Quiet Company” is turning up the volume.•


Click Here to Download a PDF of An John E. Schlifske, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Northwestern Mutual
See other features from LEADERS Magazine's April, May, June 2012 edition





​8. John E. Schlifske, Northwestern Mutual - ​The 9 most popular CEOs in America - CBS News

















GO



Log In




Log In


Join CBSNews.com








CBS Moneywatch

     Get  

















Aimee Picchi
MoneyWatch
June 10, 2015, 12:01 AM

The 9 most popular CEOs in America





iStockphoto In the annals of Corporate America, many chief executive officers have become household names, thanks to notoriety, excessive pay or even personal charm. But what about those leaders who simply excel at their jobs?Some of them, according to a new survey from employment site Glassdoor, are well known corporate celebrities, while most Americans have never heard of others. The common thread, however, is that their employees feel their CEOs are accessible, dedicated and convey a clear mission to the rank and file, Glassdoor CEO and founder Robert Hohman said in an email to CBS MoneyWatch. "What really stands out, according to employees, is that these CEOs have a very clear vision of where their company is heading, they communicate their vision to employees, including how all employees will play an integral role in meeting company goals," Hohman wrote. While some of the CEOs that made the list are household names, fame doesn't always equate to company growth or success, Hohman added. "What matters most is a CEO who is a strong leader, transparent, communicative and leads with integrity. If all of this happens, a company stands a better chance at being successful, and the CEO is more likely to engage employees and motivate them," he noted.This year's list of America's highest rated CEOs has one notable omission: Not a single woman CEO made the list. That's likely due to the very low percentage of women CEOs in general, Hohman said. Only 4.6 percent of women hold the CEO post at S&P 500 companies, according to Catalyst, a nonprofit dedicated to expanding opportunities for women in business. Several women who are CEOs have very high ratings, such as General Motors' (GM) Mary Barra (who has an 86 percent approval rating), although their numbers weren't high enough to score a place on the list. Is there a link between a highly rated CEO and a company's bottom line? To some extent, yes. Hohman points out that a "ripple effect" takes place, helping a company retain employees and increase engagement and productivity. Read on to learn about America's nine highest-rated CEOs.




​9. Glenn Johnson, Insight Global

Insight Global Insight Global, one of the fastest-growing information-technology employment firms, has expanded to 41 offices since it was founded in 2001. Each year, it fills more than 20,000 jobs at Fortune 1000 corporations.The privately held company has had a steady rate of expansion as CEO Glenn Johnson opened new offices in major cities, such as San Antonio and San Diego, during the past several years. In an interview with AccountStaff in 2008, Johnson said his company's high employee retention rate came from creating a career path for workers and providing training. Johnson has a 94 percent approval rate from his employees, according to Glassdoor. "There are 100 little things that make us special, that help us grow," Johnson said. "Every one of those things adds up to a whole and makes us successful."




​8. John E. Schlifske, Northwestern Mutual

Northwestern Mutual With roots in the 19th century, Northwestern Mutual is now the largest direct provider of individual life insurance in the U.S. The company has earned kudos  for customer satisfaction, with Fortune magazine ranking it among the most admired life insurance companies.Its CEO, John E. Schlifske, also earns high ratings from his employees, according to Glassdoor, with a 95 percent approval rating. Schlifske joined Northwestern Mutual in 1987 as an investment specialist, eventually shifting to different business roles within the company. In an interview with Leaders magazine in 2013, Schlifske said an effective leader sets a vision and gets workers to buy into the plan."A CEO has to do two or three things really well. For starters, it's having a vision, setting a course of action, and getting everyone to collaborate and work towards that," he said. "It's seeing where we need to be four to six years out in order to be just as relevant as we are now. We call it creating the future, because it's not just seeing where we need to go -- it's creating the environment to get us there."




​7. Lloyd C. Blankfein, Goldman Sachs

CBS News Goldman Sachs (GS) may be one of the financial companies that Americans love to hate, prompting Rolling Stone's Matt Taibbi to describe the firm as "a great vampire squid wrapped around the face of humanity, relentlessly jamming its blood funnel into anything that smells like money."Regardless of what the public thinks of Goldman Sachs, its employees are big fans of their CEO, Lloyd Blankfein, who has a 95 percent approval rating with his workers. Blankfein has served as CEO since 2006, after managing Goldman's currency and commodities division and serving as chief operating officer. In an interview with The New York Times in 2009, he said his management style changed during the financial crisis to focus on communication, teamwork and "a sense of partnership."He added: "Making sure that everybody, at every point, understood what was going on meant that the organization very often would get to the right place, and sometimes we'd get to the right place first."




6. Hugh Grant, Monsanto


      Hugh Grant, CEO of Monsanto, in 2009.
      Mark Wilson/Getty Images The Scottish-born chief executive of Monsanto (MON) scores high ratings from his employees, with a 95 percent approval rating.Still, Monsanto is far from universally adored by the public. A Harris Poll last year measured the company as the third most-hated company, trailing only Bank of America (BAC) and BP (BP). The reason for the dislike is Monsanto's development of genetically modified organisms, leading Modern Farmer to declare that "no company has been more associated with evil."As for his personal leadership style, Grant told Chief Executive magazine in 2010 that he prioritizes investment in new products and ideas. "The nice thing about our business is the investment cycle," he said. "You plant a seed, you harvest a handful of seed; you plant a handful of seed, you harvest a truckload."




​5. Scott Scherr, Ultimate Software

Ultimate Software Ultimate Software (UTLI) isn't a household name, but its software helps run the human-resources functions for companies ranging from P.F. Chang's China Bistro to the Chicago Cubs.Its CEO, Scott Scherr, has a 95 percent approval rating from his employees. Scherr, who founded the company in 1990, told the South Florida Business Journal last year that the secret to his company's growth is "keeping your employees happy."




4. Mark Zuckerberg, Facebook


      Mark Zuckerberg, in March 2015.
      LLUIS GENE/AFP/Getty Images The social media giant may get mixed reviews from some users, but Facebook (FB) employees give CEO Mark Zuckerberg high marks -- a 95 percent approval rating.Zuckerberg, who created Facebook in his Harvard dorm room, has talked about how passion is important for any venture, giving employees encouragement to work on projects they're interested in. "I think as a company, if you can get those two things right -- having a clear direction on what you are trying to do and bringing in great people who can execute on the stuff -- then you can do pretty well," Zuckerberg has said, according to Inc Magazine.




3. Charles C. Butt, H-E-B

H-E-B Privately held H-E-B is a familiar grocery chain in Texas and Mexico, and much of that is thanks to the management of CEO Charles C. Butt, who took over the company from his father in 1971. (The chain's name comes from his father's initials.)Butt, who has a 96 percent approval rating from employees, started his career at the company by bagging groceries when he was eight-years-old, according to Texas Monthly. Under his leadership, the company has expanded to $19 billion in revenue and now employs more than 80,000 workers.Butt, who describes himself as shy, told a newspaper in 1996 that his goal is "to find good people and then empower them to use their own creativity and good judgement."




2. Mark G. Parker, Nike


      Mark Parker, in 2009.
      Neilson Barnard/Getty Images With a 97 percent approval rate from employees, Nike CEO Mark Parker is not only just doing it, he's doing it well. A competitive runner at Penn State University, Parker joined Nike as a footwear designer in 1979. He was named CEO in 2006.In an interview with the Portland Business Journal, he credited his background as a runner as helping him succeed in leadership. "It's where I developed confidence, a sense of commitment to a team (and myself), the discipline it takes to achieve goals and the importance of listening to leadership," he said. "Sport is one of life's great teachers. It made all the difference in my life."




1. Larry Page, Google


      Google co-founder and CEO Larry Page in May 2012.
      Justin Sullivan/Getty Images Google (GOOG) co-founder and CEO Larry Page moved up to Glassdoor's top spot this year, with a 97 percent approval rating from employees. Last year, Page was ranked at No. 11 in the same survey."Over the past year, we see a stronger theme in Page's leadership, among his employees, citing his brilliant, personable and transparent style of leading," Glassdoor's Hohman told CBS MoneyWatch. "We also saw a stronger theme of employees talking about increased accessibility, mentioning that they commonly see him at happy hours and other company events."In an interview with Wired in 2013, Page said he tries to get his employees to focus on the big picture, not just small improvements to the company's products."It's natural for people to want to work on things that they know aren't going to fail," he said. "But incremental improvement is guaranteed to be obsolete over time."








Comment






Share






                Tweet
            





                Stumble
            





                Email
            










 


Featured in Moneywatch




20 of the coolest places to retire in the world

Find out what activities and attractions make these 20 cities and town some of the best places to retire around the world





10 products you should never buy generic

Generics are a great way to save money in lots of cases, but here is a look at some clear exceptions


 

Popular






CBSN Live
pop-out
























 

Market Data








 





Moneywatch Spotlight





5 of the safest cars you can buy
            







7 great deals on used cars
            







10 homes you can buy for $5,000 -- that's right: $5,000
            







The 9 most in-demand jobs that pay more than $100,000
            







5 van homes that take "glamping" on the road
            





Market News








 

Stock Watchlist








 






 






























 



 Northwestern Mutual CEO Among Highest Rated CEOs Of 2015 
         










    










 













 











 



















Northwestern Mutual CEO Among Highest Rated CEOs Of 2015
        																																												
              

          John E. Schlifske named in top ten of Glassdoor's annual "50 Highest Rated CEOs" report
        
















 News provided by
Northwestern Mutual  
Jun 10, 2015, 12:43 ET









 Share this article

































































MILWAUKEE, June 10, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- Northwestern Mutual Chairman and Chief Executive Officer John E. Schlifske has been named one of the ten highest rated CEOs in the U.S. by Glassdoor – an online career and workplace community.  This is the third year in a row Schlifske has appeared in Glassdoor's top ten.













                John E. Schlifske, Chairman and CEO of Northwestern Mutual
              

 
 



Schlifske received a 95% approval rating from Northwestern Mutual employees and members of the company's field force of financial representatives who participated in Glassdoor's annual "50 Highest Rated CEOs" report released June 9, 2015.  Glassdoor calculates CEO approval ratings similar to Presidential approval ratings by asking employees a simple question:  'Do you approve or disapprove of the way your CEO is leading the company?'
Schlifske joins other prominent CEOs in the top ten: Larry Page, Google; Mark Parker, Nike; Charles Butt, HEB; Mark Zuckerberg, Facebook; Scott Scherrer, Ultimate Solutions; Hugh Grant, Monsanto; Lloyd Blankfein, Goldman Sachs; Glenn Johnson, Insight Global; and Tim Cook, Apple.
"More than recognition for me, this really reflects the strength and commitment of the entire Northwestern Mutual community," said Schlifske. "Our employees and field representatives are the driving force behind our success throughout our nearly 160-year history, and I'm honored to work side-by-side them every day."
The Glassdoor recognition comes on the heels of a record-breaking 2014 for Northwestern Mutual that included the announcement of the highest dividend payout to policyowners in the company's history expected to exceed $5.5 billion in 2015 – more than three times its nearest competitor. Additionally, as demand grows for Northwestern Mutual's distinctive approach to providing financial guidance, the company achieved record levels of revenue, assets and surplus in 2014.  Northwestern Mutual also continued to receive the highest possible financial strength ratings awarded to any U.S. life insurer by all four of the major credit rating agencies.[i]
About Northwestern Mutual
Northwestern Mutual has been helping families and businesses achieve financial security for nearly 160 years. Our financial representatives build relationships with clients through a distinctive planning approach that integrates risk management with wealth accumulation, preservation and distribution. With $230 billion in assets, $27 billion in revenues, nearly $90 billion in assets under management in our investment products and services, and more than $1.5 trillion worth of life insurance protection in force, Northwestern Mutual delivers financial security to 4.3 million people who rely on us for insurance and investment solutions, including life, disability income and long-term care insurance; annuities; trust services; mutual funds; and investment advisory products and services. Northwestern Mutual is recognized by FORTUNE magazine as one of the "World's Most Admired" life insurance companies in 2015.
Northwestern Mutual is the marketing name for The Northwestern Mutual Life Insurance Company, Milwaukee, WI, and its subsidiaries. Northwestern Mutual and its subsidiaries offer a comprehensive approach to financial security solutions including: life insurance, long-term care insurance, disability income insurance, annuities, life insurance with long-term care benefits, investment products, and advisory products and services. Subsidiaries include Northwestern Mutual Investment Services, LLC, broker-dealer, registered investment adviser, member FINRA and SIPC; the Northwestern Mutual Wealth Management Company, limited purpose federal savings bank; and Northwestern Long Term Care Insurance Company.
[1] Current ratings for Northwestern Mutual and Northwestern Long Term Care Insurance Company: A.M. Best Company A++ (highest), May 2015; Fitch Ratings AAA (highest),November 2014; Moody's Investors Service Aaa (highest), December 2014; and Standard & Poor's AA+ (second highest), May 2015. Ratings are subject to change.
Photo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20150610/222178 
 
To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/northwestern-mutual-ceo-among-highest-rated-ceos-of-2015-300097164.html
SOURCE  Northwestern Mutual  Related Links

http://www.northwesternmutual.com




 





















Jun 22, 2015, 06:30 ET
Preview: Northwestern Mutual Named a Best Place to Work in IT for 10th Consecutive Year




















Jun 10, 2015, 09:00 ET
Preview: Northwestern Mutual financial professionals across the country to host lemonade stands during Alex's Lemonade Days








My News


  Release contains wide tables.	  View fullscreen.






 Also from this source




 











Jul 27, 2017, 10:02 ET
                                  				                                                                                     
                              Northwestern Mutual's Childhood Cancer Program Marks Five-Year...








 











Jul 25, 2017, 14:00 ET
                                  				                                                                                     
                              Northwestern Mutual Rallies to Raise more than $1 Million for...





 Explore
 More news releases in similar topics

  Banking & Financial Services
  Insurance
Awards
Personnel Announcements








 You just read:
Northwestern Mutual CEO Among Highest Rated CEOs Of 2015


 News provided by
Northwestern Mutual  
Jun 10, 2015, 12:43 ET








 Share this article









































 











Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire?
Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform.
Sign up to get started
Request more information
Have an account? Log In



















Search











Searching for your content...









Advanced Search












































 


























   back to all events






2009






John E. Schlifske
Leader: 2009-Present
Assuming the presidency of Northwestern Mutual during what many call the "Great Recession," John Schlifske emphasizes the suitability of the company's business model for all economies.
When he is promoted to the position - from within, like every company chief executive since 1874 - he tells  The Northwestern Columns field publication: "Our mutual structure allows us to take a long-term investment approach. Our products are designed, priced and manufactured to succeed in the long run... Our career-agency system and unique relationship between the field and home office set us apart from our competitors. And our strong financial position provides strength and stability for our clients in both good and bad times."
These are beliefs Schlifske has taken nearly 30 years to cultivate. A Milwaukee area native who first joins Northwestern Mutual as a summer intern in 1982, he becomes a full-time employee as an investment specialist in 1987. In various positions of increasing authority, Schlifske manages significant real estate and private equity assets as part of the company's general investment portfolio supporting its insurance product lines.
In 2004, he moves to the Investment Products and Services division as executive vice president, becoming responsible for all aspects of that business including annuities, mutual funds, advisory products and the Northwestern Mutual Wealth Management Company. The role also makes him chief executive officer of Northwestern Mutual Investment Services, the company's broker-dealer.
During this time, Schlifske becomes well known as a key figure in the evolution of the company's financial security strategy - focusing on solving clients' needs with integrated solutions.
Immediately before becoming Northwestern Mutual president, he serves as chief executive officer of Russell Investment Company, a Northwestern Mutual subsidiary.
Like those who have come before him, Schlifske lends his leadership skills in the community, including service on the board of the Milwaukee Public Museum.









































Leadership | Our CEO | Northwestern Mutual
















































Home
About Us
Who Guides Us
Our CEO

Our CEO


Meet our strong, visionary CEO, John E. Schlifske.








« Back to Who Guides Us
More in Who Guides Us








John E. Schlifske Biography

John E. Schlifske is chairman and chief executive officer of Northwestern Mutual. He is also a member of the company’s Board of Trustees.

After joining Northwestern Mutual in 1987 as an investment specialist, Schlifske moved from portfolio manager to senior executive overseeing a variety of its investment operations. He later headed different parts of the company’s business operations.
Schlifske is a director on the board of Kohl’s Corporation.
In the Greater Milwaukee community, Schlifske is co-chair of Milwaukee Succeeds and serves on the boards of Children’s Hospital of Wisconsin, Froedtert and Community Health, and the Metropolitan Milwaukee Association of Commerce. He is also a member of the Greater Milwaukee Committee.
A Milwaukee-area native, Schlifske received a bachelor’s degree in economics from Carleton College and a master’s degree in finance and accounting from the Kellogg Graduate School of Management at Northwestern University. He is married to Kim, and they have six children.
Learn more about our leadership.














X



Thank you!Your request has been submitted.A financial professional will be in contact with you shortly.


Error Submitting FormSorry, we are unable to process your request. Please try again later.












Have a Financial Professional Contact You
Required Field*


First Name *



Last Name *





Address *





City *



State *

Please select
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
Dist. of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming



Zip *





Phone Number *



Email 





Are you a current customer? *

Yes

No


Financial Professional Name 










Tell us more about your needs... 






























