




Judy A. Schmeling

















Home
About UsCompany Profile
Our Heritage
Our Vision And Values
Management Team
Our Policies
Divisions
Facilities
Awards
Video
Ventures

Our BrandsWine
Beer
Spirits
Specialty Beverages
Brand Center

InvestorsCompany Overview
Stock Information
Stock Chart
Financial Information
Financial History
Events & Presentations
Corporate Governance
Investor Relations FAQ
Investor Relations Team

Corporate Social Responsibility
News & MediaMedia Kit
Media Contacts

CareersSearch Jobs
Our Values
Our Benefits
Search Canada Jobs
FAQ
Applicant Privacy Policy












Home » Judy A. Schmeling 
Print
Email






Judy A. Schmeling






Ms. Schmeling has served as President of Cornerstone Brands since August 2016 and Chief Operating Officer of HSN, Inc., an interactive multichannel retailer, since May 2013.  She also served as Chief Financial Officer of HSN, Inc. from May 2013 to November 2016.  From August 2008 to May 2013, Ms. Schmeling served as HSN, Inc.’s Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Prior to that, Ms. Schmeling held positions of increasing responsibility within the HSN operating segment.  She served as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of HSN (when it was IAC Retailing) from February 2002 to August 2008; as Senior Vice President, Finance from November 1999 to February 2002; as Chief Operating Officer of international operations from January 2001 to February 2002; as Vice President, Strategic Planning and Analysis from January 1998 to November 1999; and as Director of Investor Relations and Operating Vice President, Finance from September 1994 to January 1998 (during the time when HSN was a separately traded public company). Ms. Schmeling has not served as a director of any other public company during the past five years.  Ms. Schmeling is a chief operating officer of a public company and brings to the Board extensive accounting and financial expertise and valuable experience associated with operations as well as with the oversight of treasury, financial planning and analysis, tax, and investor relations functions.







Our Vision is To Elevate Life With Every Glass Raised
Please enjoy our products responsibly.
© 2017 Constellation Brands, Inc.           

Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Supply Chain Transparency
Contact Us
Site Map
 






    Judy Schmeling | HSN , Inc. | ZoomInfo.com

Judy Schmeling, Hsn Inc: Profile & Biography - Bloomberg


































































  


























Feedback





Judy Schmeling

Chief Operating Officer,
Hsn Inc






Career History




Chief Operating Officer
Hsn Inc, 1/2017-PRESENT


President
Cornerstone Brands Inc, 8/2016-PRESENT


CFO/COO
Hsn Inc, 5/2013-1/2017


Exec VP/CFO
Hsn Inc, 2/2002-5/2013


Exec VP/CFO
Iac Retailing, 2/2002-8/2008


Exec VP/CFO/COO:Intl Ops
Hsn Inc, 1/2001-2/2002


Senior VP:Finance
Hsn Inc, 11/1999-1/2001


VP:Strategic Planning & Analysis
Hsn Inc, 1/1998-11/1999


Operating VP:Finance
Hsn Inc, 9/1994-1/1998


Managing Director
Tunstall Consulting Inc, 1986-1994


Various Positions
Deloitte & Touche LLP, 1982-1986


Chief Operating Officer
Hsn Intl, FORMER


Show More









Website:
www.hsn.com






Corporate Information
Address:

1 HSN Drive
Saint Petersburg, FL 33729
United States


Phone:
1-727-872-1000


Fax:
-


Web url:
www.hsn.com











From The Web












Personal Information



Education



Florida State University
Bachelor's Degree, Accounting








Awards & Publications



Certificates




Certified Public Accountant (CPA)









Memberships



Board Memberships




Constellation Brands Inc


Board Member, 7/2016-PRESENT




Cornerstone Brands Inc


Board Member, 2/2013-PRESENT









Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data




































HSNi - Management


































Company

ABOUT HSNi
OUR BRANDS
MANAGEMENT
AWARDS



Investor

CORPORATE PROFILE
EVENTS & PRESENTATIONS 
FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
STOCK INFORMATION
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
REQUEST INFORMATION



NewsRoom

PRESS RELEASES
MEDIA INQUIRIES



Shop

HSN
Ballard Designs
Frontgate
Garnet Hill
Grandin Road
Improvements




















About HSNi
Our Brands

Hsn
Cornerstone


Management
Awards




Watch HSN Live



Display all Bios



Bill Brand 
                        view more management bios

President of HSN & Chief Marketing Officer, HSN, Inc. 					 


	William C. Brand has served as President of HSN and Chief Marketing Officer of HSNi since March 2013. Prior to that, since joining the Company in 2006, Mr. Brand has held positions of increasing responsibility with HSN, one of HSNi's two operating segments. Most recently, Mr. Brand served as Executive Vice President of Programming, Marketing and Business Development for HSN. Prior to joining HSN, from 2001 to 2006, Mr. Brand served as Senior Vice President of Reality Programming for Lifetime.   Previously, Mr. Brand was Vice President of Programming and Production at VH1 for five years.  Mr. Brand is on the Board of Directors for Habitat for Humanity International, the Moffitt Cancer Center Foundation and the National Retail Federation Foundation.





Rod Little 
                        view more management bios

Chief Financial Officer, HSN, Inc.  


	Rod R. Little has served as Chief Financial Officer of HSNi since January 2017. Mr. Little previously served as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Elizabeth Arden, Inc. from April 2014 to November 2016. Prior to joining Elizabeth Arden, Mr. Little spent 17 years with Procter & Gamble where he held numerous positions of increasing responsibility in Procter & Gamble’s divisional and corporate finance organization, ultimately serving as the chief finance officer of their global salon professional division from 2009 until 2014. Mr. Little also served for five years in the United States Air Force prior to joining Procter & Gamble in 1997.





Judy Schmeling 
                        view more management bios

President of Cornerstone Brands & Chief Operating Officer, HSN, Inc.  


	Judy A. Schmeling has served as President of Cornerstone Brands, Inc. since August 2016 and Chief Operating Officer of HSNi since May 2013.  Ms. Schmeling served as Chief Financial Officer of HSNi from August 2008 through December 2016. Ms. Schmeling has also held positions of increasing responsibility with HSN, one of HSNi’s two operating segments, since joining the Company in September 1994. From February 2002 through August 2008, she served as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of HSN, when it was IAC Retailing. From November 1999 to February 2002, Ms. Schmeling served as Senior Vice President, Finance; from January 2001 to February 2002, served as Chief Operating Officer of HSN’s international operations, and from January 1998 to November 1999, as Vice President, Strategic Planning and Analysis. Ms. Schmeling served as Director of Investor Relations and Operating Vice President, Finance of HSN from September 1994 to January 1998 during the time in which HSN was a separately traded public company. Prior to joining HSN, Ms. Schmeling was Managing Director of Tunstall Consulting, Inc., a corporate financial planning firm, from 1986 to 1994. Ms. Schmeling began her career at Deloitte & Touche, an international public accounting firm, where she held various positions of increasing responsibility from 1982 to 1986. Ms. Schmeling also serves on the Corporate and Governance Board, Audit Committee, and Board of Directors for Constellation Brands Inc., a premium wine, beer and spirits company.






Greg Henchel 
                        view more management bios

Chief Legal Officer, HSN, Inc. 


	Gregory J. Henchel has served as Chief Legal Officer and Secretary of HSNi since February 2010. Prior to joining HSNi, Mr. Henchel was Senior Vice President and General Counsel of Tween Brands, Inc., a specialty retailer, from October 2005 to February 2010 and served as the company’s Secretary from August 2008 to February 2010. From May 1998 to October 2005, Mr. Henchel held positions of increasing responsibility with Cardinal Health, Inc., a global medical device, pharmaceutical and healthcare technology company. From 2001 to 2005, Mr. Henchel served as Assistant General Counsel of Cardinal Health and from 1998 to 2001, Mr. Henchel served as Senior Litigation Counsel. Prior to his service at Cardinal Health, Mr. Henchel was an associate with the law firm of Jones Day from September 1993 to May 1998. Mr. Henchel also served on the Board of Directors of the Electronic Retailing Association from 2010 to 2013.





Maria Martinez 
                        view more management bios

Chief Human Resources Officer, HSN, Inc. 


	Maria D. Martinez has served as Chief Human Resources Officer of HSNi since June 2014. In February 2015, Ms. Martinez was elected as an executive officer of the Company.  From July 2010 to June 2014, Ms. Martinez was the Senior Vice President overseeing the talent management function for HSN and human resources and talent development for the Cornerstone brands. She has held positions of increasing responsibility with the Company since initially joining the Company in 1995.  Prior to re-joining the Company in 2010, Ms. Martinez served as the Vice President, Human Resources for the Laser Spine Institute from September 2008 to June 2010 where she established the company’s human resources function and supported the expansion of the organization’s business to multiple sites. She has also held senior-level positions in human resources for Bausch & Lomb from April 2007 to September 2008 and Darden Restaurants from July 2005 to April 2007.  Ms. Martinez serves as President of the Board of Girls Inc. of Pinellas and was recently appointed to the Board of Directors for Good360.  She has also served as a mentor through the USF Corporate Mentor Program and volunteers at Metropolitan Ministries in Tampa.  In 2015, Ms. Martinez received the distinguished honor of being named by Cablefax Magazine as one of the Most Influential Minorities in Cable.





Karen Etzkorn 
                        view more management bios

Chief Information Officer, HSN, Inc. 


	As Chief Information Officer for HSN, Inc., Karen Etzkorn oversees all aspects of information technology, providing the vision and direction needed to support the company’s numerous strategic and business objectives.  

	A highly respected leader within the technology and IT industry for more than 25 years, Karen joined HSNi in January 2013.  She is a driving force behind the multi-year systems transformation of core processes and technologies currently under way – which will not only increase efficiency but create a truly seamless integrated experience for customers.  Karen also plays an integral role in the ongoing development and execution of a comprehensive technology roadmap across all of HSNi’s digital platforms.

	Before joining HSNi, Karen served as Senior Vice President and CIO at Ascena Retail, Inc., where she was credited with integrating the IT functions of three brands and consolidating the company’s data centers.  Previously, she was Senior Vice President and CIO at Tween Brands, Inc. and held senior technology positions at retailers such as The Home Depot, Williams-Sonoma, Inc., Gap, Inc., and Limited, Inc. 

	Karen received her bachelor’s degree in Business Administration from Ohio State University.





Michael Attinella 
                        view more management bios

Chief Financial Officer, HSN and Chief Accounting Officer, HSN, Inc. 


	Michael J. Attinella is Chief Financial Officer of HSN and Chief Accounting Officer of HSN, Inc. As CFO of HSN, Mike is charged with oversight of all financial matters, including strategic and business planning, financial reporting and analysis, credit and risk management.  As Chief Accounting Officer of HSN, Inc., he is responsible for accounting, tax, internal and external financial reporting for the company.

	Mike joined HSN in 2001 as Vice President and Controller. Prior to assuming his current role in May 2013, he served as Senior Vice President, Chief Accounting Officer and Corporate Controller of HSN, Inc. since the company’s formation as a publicly listed company in 2008.

	Mike previously served as Vice President and Controller of Catalina Marketing Group, a publicly traded marketing services firm, and as Chief Operating Officer for CMB Capital, LLC, a private equity/venture capital firm. Earlier, he held positions of increasing financial and operational responsibility at Tech Data Corporation, a multinational publicly traded distribution company, rising to Vice President of Mergers, Acquisition and Corporate Performance. Mike began his career at Arthur Andersen, an international public accounting firm. He received his bachelor of science in accounting from Pennsylvania State University.

	Mike serves on the boards of directors for Junior Achievement of Greater Tampa Bay, and Big Brothers Big Sisters of Tampa Bay. In 2014, he was named CFO of the Year in the public company category by the Tampa Bay Business Journal.





Rob Solomon 
                        view more management bios

Executive Vice President, Customer Care and Operations Administration, HSN, Inc. 


	Rob Solomon is Executive Vice President, Customer Care and Operations Administration for HSN, Inc. In this role, Rob oversees all aspects of customer sales and service operations for HSN and the Cornerstone Brands portfolio. 

	Previously, Rob served as Executive Vice President of Operations for HSN from 2009. He joined HSN as Senior Vice President of Customer Care in 2003 and is credited with raising customer service levels to best-in-class status for the millions of customers who watch and shop HSN across multiple platforms. Under Rob’s leadership, HSN established new industry standards for a flexible workforce through its innovative Work-at-Home program, which eliminated the need for offshore call centers and greatly improved the overall customer experience.

	Prior to joining HSN, Rob worked at Ticketmaster as Executive Vice President of Contact Centers and Retail Locations. In this role, he was responsible for the successful integration of call center operations across the company’s diverse array of businesses. Rob began his tenure with Ticketmaster as Vice President of Call Center Operations, where he was responsible for 13 U.S. call centers with more than 3,000 teleservice representatives.

	Rob is from New York and graduated with a bachelor of science degree in Management from Pepperdine University.





Bill Hutchinson 
                        view more management bios

Executive Vice President of Supply Chain Operations, HSN, Inc. 


	Bill Hutchinson is the Executive Vice President of Supply Chain Operations, HSN, Inc. In this role, Bill will work to address our current supply chain needs while developing a strategic plan to meet our evolving customer and business needs.

	Bill has over 20 years of global supply chain transformation experience in a number of Fortune 500 companies.  His career has spanned multiple industries, having spent time in retail with Sears, Best Buy and Rite-Aid, in technology with Dell and in the industrial sector at Anderson Consulting. Additionally, he has been involved with two start-up companies, giving him the experience of building from the ground up.   

	During his time as President and Chief Supply Chain Officer of Sears Holdings in Chicago, Bill was responsible for all aspects of the supply chain including global transportation, trade compliance, distribution center operations, supply chain enablement, strategy, and global sourcing, home delivery and installation.  He and his team led a large transformation of the Sears and Kmart supply chains during his tenure with the company.  The Sears supply chain team was recognized at the 2014 Council of Supply Chain Management Professionals (CSCMP) annual conference when they received the runner up award for Supply Chain Innovation.

	Bill has also been recognized as a “Supply Chain Thought Leader” in 2006 and a Supply Chain Rainmaker in 2013 by DC Velocity Magazine. He serves on the board of the Executive MBA program at the University of Tennessee and is a past board member of the United Way of Williamson County.

	Bill is a graduate of the MBA program at the University of Tennessee with a concentration in Supply Chain and holds a B.S. degree from Clarkson University with a double major in Economics and Finance.






Carmen Bauza 
                        view more management bios

Chief Merchandising Officer, HSN 


	Carmen Bauza serves as Chief Merchandising Officer for HSN.  In this role, Ms. Bauza is responsible for the comprehensive management and continuous development of HSN's cross-category product portfolio — including the ongoing expansion of proprietary offerings.   As CMO, Ms. Bauza is focused on identifying strategic opportunities to enhance cross platform experiences and maximize HSN's vast customer reach through compelling events and partnerships that complement the company's experiential retail strategy and extend brand reach through exclusivity and product development capability.

	Ms. Bauza comes to HSN with more than 30 years' experience in retail and merchandising.  She spent the past ten years as a senior leader at Walmart, most recently serving as the senior vice president for their consumables, health and wellness merchandising division, with oversight of innovations and systems in that role.  Her previous time at Walmart included serving as vice president and divisional merchandise manager for their beauty and personal care business, and was credited for the transformation for the category at Walmart. Ms. Bauza was also on the Board of Directors for Walmart de Mexico. Prior to joining Walmart, Ms. Bauza oversaw seasonal retail for L Brand's Bath and Body Works division, and was responsible for the launch of the new beauty store concept, C.O. Bigelow. Before joining L Brands, she was with Five Below, Inc. where she led all merchandising initiatives for planning, pricing, distribution and sourcing.  During her time at the Walt Disney Company, she served as a senior merchandising executive, creating and expanding business opportunities for the company based on emerging market trends, guest demographics and psychographics and synergy opportunities.

	Ms. Bauza is a graduate of Seton Hill University, where she received a BS in fashion merchandising and business management. She is a past member of the board of directors for the National Association of Chain Drug Stores, Network of Executive Women and the Literacy Council of Benton County. She also served as executive sponsor of the Hispanic and Latino Associate Resource Group.





Jennifer Cotter 
                        view more management bios

Executive Vice President of Television, Content & Programming, HSN 


	Jennifer Cotter is the Executive Vice President of Television, Content and Programming for HSN and a member of the executive team. She oversees all touch points of HSN’s live 24-hour/day broadcast including programming, talent relations, host development, production and engineering. She is also responsible for the HSN’s YouTube channel and video commerce strategy across all platforms.

	Ms. Cotter joined HSN in 2005 as Vice President and was promoted to Senior Vice President, Television & Content in 2008. Under her leadership, Ms. Cotter and her team have developed highly engaging cross-platform content and executed all launches and partnerships, including: HSN’s signature HSN Live concert series; movie partnerships and brand launches for celebrities and industry influencers. She has been instrumental in developing successful fixed programming for HSN such as The Beauty Report, HSN Today and the The List with Colleen Lopez. She recently launched HSN’s first turnkey studio space called The Loft dedicated to creating digital-first video content. Her passion for employee development is reflected in the strong and dedicated team she has built that brings the HSN experience to life 24/7.

	Prior to joining HSN as a Vice President in 2005, Ms. Cotter served as a Senior Vice President of Development for Oxygen Media where she oversaw talent procurement, program development and production for all original programming for eight years. At Oxygen, she created the highly-popular shows Girls Behaving Badly and Snapped for the network. She also did award-winning work with The Late Show with David Letterman where she won an Emmy.

	She has been recognized by Cablefax magazine numerous times as one of their Most Powerful Women in Cable and was recently named as one of Cablefax’s Most Innovative People in Multiscreen. Under her leadership, her team has won close to 20 Telly Awards for outstanding programs.

	Ms. Cotter serves on the Board of Directors for All Children’s Hospital Foundation and Committee Chairperson of their Marketing & Communication Trustee Committee. She is an active member of the Global Retail Marketing Association and Women in Cable Telecommunications.

	Ms. Cotter grew up in New Jersey but now lives in Tampa, Florida. She has been married for 13 years and has two sons. She earned a Bachelor of Arts degree in Television and Communications from Seton Hall University. 





Ryan Ross 
                        view more management bios

Executive Vice President of Marketing and Digital Commerce, HSN 


	Ryan Ross is the Executive Vice President of Marketing and Digital Commerce for HSN and a member of the executive team. In this role, Ryan oversees marketing, creative and digital commerce. 

	With the retail industry undergoing a transformation—one that revolves around creating a seamless customer experience across all platforms—Ryan brings the leadership necessary to articulate, develop and execute in this new world of distributed commerce.  Today, nearly half of the company’s revenue is generated through digital commerce, offering customers a frictionless shopping experience across multiple channels.  Under Ryan’s direction, his team is instrumental in finding new and innovative ways to strategically accelerate HSN’s business while continuing to focus on delivering enhanced customer experiences. 

	Since joining HSN in August 2013 as Senior Vice President of Digital Commerce, Ryan has driven significant growth across digital platforms with a focus on optimization, personalization and enhanced experiences. 

	Prior to joining HSN, Ryan served as the Chief Creative Officer at Stylus, where he worked with global brands developing comprehensive strategic identities and cross-platform customer experience best practices.  Ryan’s 20 year retail tenure has included companies like Gap, Pottery Barn, and Harrods where he specialized in brand building, product positioning and strategic marketing.  The cornerstone of Ryan’s career has been his relentless focus on customer centricity - deeply understanding customer behavior and remaining agile to the ever-changing link between customer, product, and channel preference to drive meaningful business results. 

	Ryan currently serves on the Board of Directors for Habitat for Humanity of Pinellas County.  As a member of the board, Ryan leverages his marketing, communications and branding expertise to support their mission of building homes, communities and hope.  He is an active member of the National Retail Federation, passionate about inspiring young talent to think out-of-the-box regarding careers in the evolving retail industry.  Ryan also regularly volunteers at St. Vincent de Paul serving the hungry, homeless and working poor in St. Petersburg.

	Ryan holds a B.S. in management and marketing from the University of Oregon.
	 





Peter Ruben 
                        view more management bios

Executive Vice President of Affiliate Relations, HSN 


	A leader in the cable television industry for over 25 years, Peter Ruben oversees cable and satellite distribution for HSN. In this role, he has been instrumental in launching and leading distribution efforts for HSN Shop by Remote®, the first and only 24-hour interactive TV service in the U.S.  Peter also has led initiatives to launch and distribute HSN in high definition, as well as the launch of the HSN2 television shopping channel. He was involved in the development of HSN on Demand®, which allows consumers to view multiple video product presentations.

	Peter joined HSN in 1994 from IAC/InteractiveCorp, where he started as Vice President of National Accounts at the former USA Networks, Inc.  He was subsequently promoted to Senior Vice President of National Accounts and the Western Region, and also served as Executive Vice President of Affiliate Relations. Prior to IAC, Mr. Ruben had various sales and marketing roles at Paragon Cable, a partnership between Houston Industries and ATC (now Time Warner Cable).

	Peter has won several Mark Awards for Excellence from CTAM, the Cable & Telecommunications Association for Marketing.  In 2011, he was selected for the CableFAX Sales Hall of Fame.  And in 2010, the HSN Affiliate Relations team, led by Peter, received the CableFax Launch Team of the Year Award for their introduction of HSN HD.

	Peter earned his MBA from UCLA's Anderson School of Business and has a Bachelor of Arts in Economics from Rutgers University.





Joy Mangano 
                        view more management bios

President of Ingenious Designs LLC 


	Joy Mangano is regarded as one of today’s most-successful product inventors. She is the President of Ingenious Designs LLC, a company that she founded in 1990 and was later acquired by HSN, Inc., parent company of direct-to-consumer content retailer HSN.  Fueled by the breakout success of her first product, the Miracle Mop, she has spent the past 30 years pursuing her dream to simplify everyday challenges with innovative products that make a real difference. A busy working mom, Joy is inspired by real life, always looking for new ways to create smart, stylish products that serve a purpose, and bring a little more “joy” to women everywhere.

	Joy began her career with The Miracle Mop, the first-ever self-wringing cotton mop, which reinvented the category and was a sales sensation in traditional and electronic retail. She followed that with her Huggable Hangers, the world’s first velvety non-slip hanger, and has since sold almost 700 million hangers nationwide. Joy also developed Forever Fragrant for HSN, a record-breaking line of long lasting, plant-based home fragrance solutions. In addition, she has also created a best-selling line of Better Beauty Cases, Jewel Kits and luggage, which have provided travel and storage solutions to millions of consumers. Most recently, Joy premiered her Memory Cloud Warm & Cool Pillow, and sold over 500,000 pillows in less than 24 hours for HSN. 

	In addition to her own line of high quality products for HSN, Joy also develops and manages a portfolio of celebrity brands, including collections with Keith Urban, Randy Jackson, Chef Ming Tsai, Chef Lorena Garcia, and IMAN. 

	Joy has overcome incredible odds to experience great success. Press and business leaders alike have recognized Joy’s accomplishments as a product creator and innovator. She was named one of Fast Company’s “Most Creative People” alongside Marc Jacobs and Melinda Gates. Joy and her products have been profiled on 20/20, the TODAY Show, The View, The Ellen DeGeneres Show, USA Today, Entrepreneur, People, Glamour, InStyle, Town & Country, Cosmopolitan and O, The Oprah Magazine, among many others. In addition, her products regularly earn the Good Housekeeping Seal and are trusted by consumers everywhere.

	Joy’s products are sold in premier retailers such as Target, Bed Bath & Beyond and The Container Store, and her entire product portfolio can be found exclusively on HSN and HSN.com, where she appears regularly  to launch new products, technologies, colors and assortments for her legion of loyal fans.






Geoff Brownrigg 
                        view more management bios

President of Improvements 


	Geoff Brownrigg is the President of Improvements, assuming the role in October 2016.  Geoff is responsible for the development of compelling and differentiated product, the execution and management of efficient supply chain operations, and all strategic marketing and digital efforts.

	Geoff brings over 30 years of results-driven experience in business development, sales, marketing, product development, engineering and operations. Prior to joining Improvements, Geoff served as the Executive Vice President of Sales & Marketing for Arrow Shed.  His career also includes seven years at Ames True Temper, where he restored and improved company profitability to record levels.  Prior to that role, Geoff served as the President and General Manager at Huffy, where he led the Retail Services group, prior to its successful divesture to a Private Equity entity.

	Geoff has extensive experience globally in mergers & acquisitions, sourcing, innovation, new market & business development, all while building and leading great teams and enhancing shareholder value.
	 




Jason Jones 
                        view more management bios

President of Grandin Road 


	Jason Jones is President of Grandin Road, an omni-channel retailer of designer home furnishings & décor with a flair for colorful, exclusive and value driven products.  In this role he is responsible for growing the reach of the brand through customer-relevant and engaging messaging, highlighting Grandin Road’s differentiation in the marketplace while balancing innovation with increased productivity and profitability. Jason is a proven leader in the retail industry with a focus on innovation, brand building and brand optimization.

	The award winning retail executive leads through example with extensive experience in designing, developing and merchandising retail product assortments with an intense focus on quality and style.  A robust knowledge of manufacturing, moderate/luxury goods, and artisan collaborations places him in a unique position to propel Grandin Road’s success through all aspects of the business.  Jason most recently served as GMM at Land of Nod and holds a pedigree of excellence and experience at other top US retail brands.

	Jason earned a Bachelor of Arts from Webster University in St. Louis, MO.  





Ryan McKelvey 
                        view more management bios

President of Ballard Designs 


	Ryan McKelvey is President of Ballard Designs, a multi-channel retailer of exclusive and timeless home furnishings of exceptional quality and value.

	A leader in retail and product development for nearly 25 years, Ryan joined Ballard Designs in 2000 as Director of Quality and Sourcing and rose to the level of Sr. Vice President of Sourcing and Operations. He was promoted in 2005 to President of Improvements, he then returned to Ballard Designs as President in 2008. Under Ryan’s leadership, Ballard Designs has enjoyed accelerated growth for over five years.

	Ryan began his career with L.L. Bean and served in many roles of increasing responsibility. He was the Business analyst on many systems development projects in various functional areas within the company. Additionally, he was the Project Manager for the L.L. Bean’s Japan retail expansion and the Product Development Manager in L.L. Bean’s manufacturing division. Following L.L. Bean, Ryan served as the President of L&A Molding, a manufacturer of injection molded footwear components.

	Ryan graduated in 1991 from the University of Georgia with a BBA in Finance.




Claire Spofford 
                        view more management bios

President of Garnet Hill 


	Claire Spofford is the President of Garnet Hill, Inc., assuming the role in April 2014. Claire is responsible for overseeing the entire brand, ensuring Garnet Hill has the strategic direction for future profitability and growth.

	Over the past 20 years, Claire has had extensive experience in leadership roles with mature/profitable brands, turnaround brands as well as new business launches. Claire excels at leading and developing diverse teams to deliver superior operating results.

	Claire’s management experience in the retail industry includes leadership roles at Timberland, Orchard Brands, and J. Jill Group. Before joining Garnet Hill she was Senior Vice President and Chief Marketing Officer at J. Jill Group, where she successfully led the company’s direct marketing business, including web, catalog, customer relationship management, and contact center.

	Claire graduated from the University of Vermont and has an MBA from Babson College in Wellesley, Massachusetts.





Patrick Vonderhaar 
                        view more management bios

Chief Financial Officer, Cornerstone 


	Patrick Vonderhaar is Chief Financial Officer of Cornerstone Brands, a subsidiary of HSN, Inc. In his role, he oversees all financial matters including strategic planning, financial reporting and analysis, corporate shared services and application of internal controls for the lifestyle brands of Frontgate, Grandin Road, Ballard Designs, Garnet Hill and Improvements.

	Pat was promoted to the CFO position in March 2013. Prior to assuming his current role, he was Vice President and Corporate Controller for Cornerstone Brands, a position he had held since joining the company in 2009. During this time, Pat was instrumental in managing the upgrade of financial systems and internal processes to achieve improved efficiencies across the portfolio of brands. He has also played a prominent role in the Cornerstone Brands portfolio rationalization. 

	Previously, Pat was the CFO at Clopay Corporation, a $1B publicly held leading manufacturer of residential garage doors and international supplier of specialty plastic films. During his thirteen year tenure at Clopay, and prior to his promotion to CFO, he held several of the key financial leadership positions responsible for strategic planning, acquisitions, financial reporting and analysis, internal controls and international expansion opportunities for the business.

	Pat received his bachelor of science in Accounting and Finance from the Ohio State University and is a current member of Financial Executives International.













Our Brands
Ballard Designs
Frontgate
Garnet Hill
Grandin Road
HSN
Improvements






About Us
Our Company
Management
Press Releases
FAQs
Contact Us















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft









Judy Schmeling | Fortune.comJudy SchmelingSearchSearchNewsletterCEO Daily NewsletterSign up for CEO Daily to get must-read business news fit for the corner office—plus more.View SampleSIGN UP NOWMost Popular on FORTUNE1Elon Musk Is About to Unveil Telsa’s $35,000 CarElon Musk Is About to Unveil Telsa’s $35,000 Car2Term Sheet — Friday, July 28Term Sheet — Friday, July 283When Anthony Scaramucci Called Me and Asked a Bizarre Question About TrumpWhen Anthony Scaramucci Called Me and Asked a Bizarre Question About Trump4Man Wrecks $288,000 Ferrari an Hour After Picking It UpMan Wrecks $288,000 Ferrari an Hour After Picking It Up5will.i.am Just Bought the Struggling Smart Home Hub Winkwill.i.am Just Bought the Struggling Smart Home Hub WinkCustomer ServiceSite MapPrivacy PolicyAdvertisingAd ChoicesTerms of UseYour California Privacy RightsCareers© 2017 Time Inc. All rights reserved.All products and services featured are based solely on editorial selection. FORTUNE may receive compensation for some links to products and services on this website. Quotes delayed at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Interactive Data. ETF and Mutual Fund data provided by Morningstar, Inc. Dow Jones Terms & Conditions: http://www.djindexes.com/mdsidx/html/tandc/indexestandcs.html. S&P Index data is the property of Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. and its licensors. All rights reserved. Terms & Conditions. Powered and implemented by Interactive Data Managed SolutionsSubscribeSearchHomeFortune 500All RankingsTechLeadershipVentureFortune InsidersMost Powerful WomenAutomotiveCareersEnergy & EnvironmentExecutive TravelFinanceHealthTIME HealthInternationalLooking ForwardRetailMarketsMagazineNewslettersVideosFortune ConferencesFollow FORTUNEShareShare on FacebookPost on TwitterEmail this storyShare on RedditShare on PinterestShare on LinkedIn



HSN, Inc. Appoints Judy Schmeling as President of Cornerstone Nasdaq:HSNI









































































English
Français











Register
Sign In













HSN, Inc. Appoints Judy Schmeling as President of Cornerstone
Schmeling to Remain COO of HSNi and will Retain CFO Role until Successor Appointed



















August 04, 2016 08:01 ET

 | Source: HSN, Inc.





ST. PETERSBURG, Fla., Aug.  04, 2016  (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Interactive multichannel retailer HSN, Inc. (NASDAQ:HSNI) announced today that Judy Schmeling, currently Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer of the Company, will assume the role of President of Cornerstone, effective immediately. She will continue to serve in her capacity as COO of HSNi and will remain CFO during this transition until a successor is appointed. Ms. Schmeling will continue to report to Mindy Grossman, Chief Executive Officer of HSN, Inc. The Company has commenced an external search for Ms. Schmeling’s replacement as CFO. “We are thrilled that Judy will assume this strategically important role and leverage her extensive experience as HSNi’s COO and CFO as well as her strong knowledge of the Company to capitalize upon opportunities that leverage the collective power of our brands,” said Mindy Grossman, Chief Executive Officer, HSN, Inc. “Over her 22 year tenure, Judy has contributed significantly to HSNi’s growth and development, including taking the Company public in 2008, the credit facility refinancing that significantly strengthened the Company’s financial position, the implementation of our operational centers of excellence across the organization, and the expansion of our experiential retail operations and distribution platforms. Judy has been an integral business partner to me and the broader leadership team over the years and I look forward to her continuing to play a pivotal role in further advancing our business strategies and delivering value for our stakeholders as President of Cornerstone.”In addition to her responsibilities as HSNi’s COO, Ms. Schmeling, as President of Cornerstone, will have oversight of HSNi's portfolio of aspirational home and apparel lifestyle brands including Frontgate, Ballard Designs, Garnet Hill, Grandin Road and Improvements. The Company separately announced today that it has entered into a letter of intent to sell Cornerstone’s TravelSmith and Chasing Fireflies brands."I am very excited to be assuming this new responsibility to optimize strategic opportunities for the Cornerstone portfolio. My key areas of focus include driving digital-centric customer experiences, pursuing our experiential retail strategy and leveraging synergies across the portfolio,” said Schmeling. “I look forward to applying my financial and operational experience at HSNi to maximize the growth potential of our brand portfolio.” Ms. Schmeling joined the company in 1994 as Director of Investor Relations and Treasury. She was promoted to Vice President of Strategic Planning and Analysis in 1998, to Senior Vice President of Finance in 1999, to Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer in 2001, and to Chief Financial Officer of HSNi when the Company went public in 2008. She added the role of Chief Operating Officer in 2013.A native Floridian and a graduate of Florida State University, Ms. Schmeling is married and has three sons. She serves on the Board of Directors for Constellation Brands, Inc. and the Advisory Board of FM Global.About HSN, Inc.HSN, Inc. (Nasdaq:HSNI) is a $4 billion interactive multichannel retailer with strong direct-to-consumer expertise among its two operating segments, HSN and Cornerstone. HSNi offers innovative, differentiated retail experiences on TV, online, via mobile devices, in catalogs, and in brick and mortar stores. HSN, a leading interactive multichannel retailer which offers a curated assortment of exclusive products combined with top brand names, now reaches approximately 94 million homes (24 hours a day, seven days a week, live 364 days a year). HSN.com offers a differentiated digital experience by leveraging content, community and commerce. In addition to its existing media platforms, HSN is the industry leader in transactional innovation, including services such as HSN Shop by Remote®, the only service of its kind in the U.S., the HSN Shopping App for mobile handheld devices and HSN on Demand®. Cornerstone comprises leading home and apparel lifestyle brands including Ballard Designs®, Chasing Fireflies®, Frontgate®, Garnet Hill®, Grandin Road®, Improvements® and TravelSmith®. Cornerstone distributes approximately 325 million catalogs annually, operates seven separate digital sales sites and operates 14 retail and outlet stores. Contacts:
Felise Kissell (Analysts/Investors)	
727-872-7529			
felise.kissell@hsn.net 		

Brad Bohnert (Media)
727-872-7515
brad.bohnert@hsn.net



Related Articles
other press releases by HSN, Inc.


HSN, Inc. to Report Second Quarter 2017 Results on August 3rd
July 13, 2017 08:00


HSN and Warner Bros. Consumer Products Establish Partnership to Celebrate the Highly Anticipated Action-Adventure Film "Wonder Woman"
May 31, 2017 08:49


HSN and Time Inc. Partner to Launch Exclusive New Food & Wine Product Line This Fall With Innovative Distributed Content & Commerce Platform on TV, Digital and Mobile
May 10, 2017 08:00


HSN, Inc. Reports First Quarter 2017 Results
May 03, 2017 08:00


Mindy Grossman to Step Down as CEO of HSNi After Transition Period
April 26, 2017 16:05






226



other news releases in

Directors and Officers

in the last 30 days
                            











Profile

HSN, Inc.





  Subscribe via RSS
 Subscribe via ATOM
 Javascript



  New York, New York, UNITED STATES
  http://www.hsn.com




Contact Data
Contacts:
Felise Kissell (Analysts/Investors)	
727-872-7529			
felise.kissell@hsn.net 		

Brad Bohnert (Media)
727-872-7515
brad.bohnert@hsn.net


Contact



With a Reader Account, it's easy to send email directly to the contact for this release. Sign up today for your free Reader Account!



Already have an account?  Log in here.











Media Files



HSN, Inc.  Logo






LOGO URL | Copy the link below
            





Formats available:






                            Original
                        




                            Medium
                        




                            Small
                        



















Newswire Distribution Network & Management



Home
Newsroom
RSS Feeds
Legal
Contact Us






About Us
GlobeNewswire, a Nasdaq company, is one of the world's largest newswire distribution networks, specializing in the delivery of corporate press releases financial disclosures and multimedia content to the media, investment community, individual investors and the general public.
            




Contact Us


Corporate Headquarters
2321 Rosecrans Avenue.
Suite 2200
El Segundo, CA 90245
Phone: (800) 307-6627
Fax:  (800) 307-3567
            


European Headquarters
Woolgate Exchange,
25 Basinghall Street,
London EC2V 5HA
UK
Phone: +1 866-465-8454




© 2017 GlobeNewswire, Inc. All Rights Reserved.







Judy Schmeling, HSN



 
















  
































X












&times















&times















&times















&times















CNBC Global CFO Council



Start Over| 



‹
 



  


		    	                 
            Brian Yoor, Abbott
			                 
 



 


		    	                 
            Hans Ploos Van Amstel, Adecco
			                 
 



  


		    	                 
            Mark Garrett, Adobe
			                 
 



  


		    	                 
            Jan Siegmund, ADP
			                 
 



 


		    	                 
            Ana de Pro, Amadeus IT Group
			                 
 



 


		    	                 
            Grace Lee, Astro Malaysia Holdings
			                 
 



 


		    	                 
            Ramy Aziz, ASX Group
			                 
 



 


		    	                 
            John Stephens, AT&T
			                 
 



 


		    	                 
            Thomas Stoddard, Aviva
			                 
 



 


		    	                 
            Vera Eve Lim, Bank Danamon Indonesia
			                 
 



 


		    	                 
            Lars Machenil, BNP Paribas
			                 
 



  


		    	                 
            Andrew Lim, CapitaLand Limited
			                 
 



  


		    	                 
            Kelly Kramer, Cisco
			                 
 



  


		    	                 
            Stephen M. Robb, The Clorox Company
			                 
 



 


		    	                 
            Geert Peeters, CLP Holdings Limited
			                 
 



  


		    	                 
            David Klein, Constellation Brands
			                 
 



 


		    	                 
            Wolfgang Schäfer, Continental
			                 
 



 


		    	                 
            Sok Hui Chng, DBS Bank
			                 
 



  


		    	                 
            Paul Jacobson, Delta Air Lines
			                 
 



  


		    	                 
            Kathryn Mikells, Diageo
			                 
 



 


		    	                 
            Richard Coney, Domino's Pizza Enterprises Ltd
			                 
 



  


		    	                 
            Howard Ungerleider, The Dow Chemical Company
			                 
 



 


		    	                 
            Geraldine Matchett, DSM
			                 
 



  


		    	                 
            Nicholas Fanandakis, DuPont
			                 
 



  


		    	                 
            Tracey Travis, The Estée Lauder Companies
			                 
 



  


		    	                 
            Nikolay Ivanov, EVRAZ
			                 
 



  


		    	                 
            Mark Okerstrom, Expedia
			                 
 



  


		    	                 
            David Wehner, Facebook
			                 
 



 


		    	                 
            Christopher Collier, Flex
			                 
 



  


		    	                 
            Bob Shanks, Ford Motor Company
			                 
 



 


		    	                 
            Robert Drake, Galaxy Entertainment Group
			                 
 



  


		    	                 
            Robert Lloyd, GameStop
			                 
 



  


		    	                 
            Donal Mulligan, General Mills, Inc.
			                 
 



 


		    	                 
            Heather Xie, Global Logistic Properties
			                 
 



  


		    	                 
            Brian McGee, GoPro
			                 
 



 


		    	                 
            François Gauthey, Groupe Eurotunnel
			                 
 



 


		    	                 
            Keki Mistry, HDFC
			                 
 



  


		    	                 
            Rod Little, HSN, Inc.
			                 
 



 


		    	                 
            Nick Hawkins, Insurance Australia Group
			                 
 



 


		    	                 
            M.D. Ranganath, Infosys
			                 
 



 


		    	                 
            Norikazu Saito, Japan Airlines
			                 
 



  


		    	                 
            Dominic Caruso, Johnson & Johnson
			                 
 



 


		    	                 
            Marcus A. Ketter, Klöckner
			                 
 



  


		    	                 
            Mike Schlotman, Kroger
			                 
 



 


		    	                 
            R. Shankar Raman, Larsen & Toubro Limited
			                 
 



 


		    	                 
            Katsuyuki Imada, Lawson Inc.
			                 
 



 


		    	                 
            Wong Wai Ming, Lenovo
			                 
 



  


		    	                 
            Harmit Singh, Levi Strauss & Co.
			                 
 



  


		    	                 
            Steve Sordello, LinkedIn Corporation
			                 
 



  


		    	                 
            Evgeny Fetisov, Luxoft
			                 
 



  


		    	                 
            Leeny Oberg, Marriott
			                 
 



  


		    	                 
            Martina Hund-Mejean, MasterCard
			                 
 



  


		    	                 
            Dato' Amirul Feisal Wan Zahir, Maybank
			                 
 



 


		    	                 
            Alexey Kornya, MTS
			                 
 



 


		    	                 
            James Burdett, National Bank of Abu Dhabi
			                 
 



  


		    	                 
            Joseph Siclare, National Football League
			                 
 



  


		    	                 
            Joseph Peter, Nissan
			                 
 



 


		    	                 
            Eivind Kallevik, Norsk Hydro
			                 
 



 


		    	                 
            Jesper Brandgaard, Novo Nordisk
			                 
 



 


		    	                 
            Ingrid Johnson, Old Mutual
			                 
 



  


		    	                 
            John Rainey, PayPal
			                 
 



  


		    	                 
            Hugh Johnston, PepsiCo
			                 
 



 


		    	                 
            Jon Moeller, Procter & Gamble
			                 
 



 


		    	                 
            Wirat Uanarumit, PTT Group
			                 
 



  


		    	                 
            Rod Bolger, RBC
			                 
 



 


		    	                 
            Jason Liberty, Royal Caribbean Cruises
			                 
 



 


		    	                 
            Alexandra Bouriko, Rusal
			                 
 



 


		    	                 
            Dr. Bernhard Günther, RWE AG
			                 
 



 


		    	                 
            Guy Look, Sa Sa International Holdings
			                 
 



  


		    	                 
            Bariş Oran, Sabanci
			                 
 



  


		    	                 
            Mark Hawkins, Salesforce.com
			                 
 



  


		    	                 
            David Frear, SiriusXM
			                 
 



 


		    	                 
            Marc Rolland, Sodexo
			                 
 



  


		    	                 
            Bret Johnsen, SpaceX
			                 
 



  


		    	                 
            Scott Maw, Starbucks
			                 
 



 


		    	                 
            Jon Farney, State Farm Insurance
			                 
 



 


		    	                 
            Hans Jakob Hegge, Statoil
			                 
 



 


		    	                 
            Carlo Ferro, STMicroelectronics
			                 
 



 


		    	                 
            Martin Cubbon, Swire Pacific Limited
			                 
 



  


		    	                 
            Cathy Smith, Target
			                 
 



  


		    	                 
            Carol B. Tome, The Home Depot
			                 
 



 


		    	                 
            Pakorn Peetathawatchai, The Stock Exchange of Thailand
			                 
 



 


		    	                 
            Patrick de La Chevardière, Total
			                 
 



  


		    	                 
            Michael Short, Toys “R” Us
			                 
 



 


		    	                 
            Mahendra Negi, Trend Micro Inc.
			                 
 



  


		    	                 
            Conor Chia-hung Yang, Tuniu
			                 
 



  


		    	                 
            Kirt Gardner, UBS AG
			                 
 



 


		    	                 
            Graeme Pitkethly, Unilever
			                 
 



  


		    	                 
            Andrew Levy, United
			                 
 



  


		    	                 
            Richard Peretz, UPS
			                 
 



  


		    	                 
            John Shrewsberry, Wells Fargo
			                 
 



  


		    	                 
            Mark Long, Western Digital Corporation
			                 
 



 


		    	                 
            Willy Van Riet, Wienerberger
			                 
 



 


		    	                 
            Kevin Entricken, Wolters Kluwer
			                 
 



  


		    	                 
            Robynne Sisco, Workday
			                 
 



  


		    	                 
            Ken Goldman, Yahoo
			                 
 



  


		    	                 
            David Gibbs, Yum! Brands
			                 
 



  


		    	                 
            Mustafa Tercan, Yildiz Holding
			                 
 



  


		    	                 
            Kathleen Philips, Zillow Group
			                 
 



 


		    	                 
            George Quinn, Zurich Insurance Group
			                 

›


Judy Schmeling, HSN



SHARES












  
Source: HSN, Inc.
Judy Schmeling, chief operating officer and chief financial officer, HSN


  Judy Schmeling is chief operating officer and chief financial officer for HSN, a $4 billion direct-to-consumer retail portfolio that includes live content retailer HSN and the Cornerstone portfolio of home and family lifestyle brands. In this role, she oversees the company's finance, information technology, customer care, facilities, supply chain and logistics, corporate strategy and mergers and acquisitions, as well as affiliate relations. Within the financial arena, she is responsible for treasury, financial planning and analysis, accounting, tax and investor relations. 
  Judy assumed the COO/CFO dual role in May 2013, having previously served as executive vice president and chief financial officer since 2001. Her accomplishments as CFO include refinancing the company's debt and leading a multiyear systems transformation to enable more personalized customer service and stronger analytics. 
  Judy joined HSN in 1994 as director of investor relations and treasury. She was promoted to vice president of strategic planning and analysis in 1998 and to senior vice president of finance in 1999. 

  Previously, Schmeling was managing director for Tunstall Consulting, a corporate financial planning firm. Before that, she held various management positions at Deloitte & Touche. 
  A native Floridian, Schmeling earned her bachelor of science in accounting from Florida State University. She serves on the board of directors for Constellation Brands and on the advisory board for FM Global. She was named 2010 CFO of the Year in the public company category by the Tampa Bay Business Journal and has been recognized numerous times by Cablefax   magazine as one of their Most Powerful Women in Cable. 
































		    
    		CNBC Global CFO Council
	    
    
 



 


		    	                 
            Meet the CNBC Global CFO Council
			                 
The CNBC Global CFO Council is an elite group of chief financial officers from public and private companies.
 




 


		    	                 
            UPS CFO Richard Peretz talks earnings as shares slide   
			                 
 




 


		    	                 
            Procter & Gamble CFO: Our best days are ahead of us   
			                 
 




 


		    	                 
            Wells Fargo CFO: There’s a lot to like about this past quarter   
			                 




		    
    		More From CNBC Global CFO Council
	    
    


		    	                 
            PepsiCo CFO: Our innovation is working well and driving growth   
			                 


		    	                 
            Lunch will be a big focus for us in food, Starbucks CFO Scott Maw says
			                 


		    	                 
            CFOS bullish on the market’s momentum   
			                 


		    	                 
            CNBC asked CFOs to describe Trump's management style. 'Chaotic' was most popular
			                 


		    	                 
            CFOs on biggest market growth over next 6 months   
			                 


		    	                 
            Trump's blunt language sparks fear of an imminent trade war with Germany, say global CFOs
			                 


		    	                 
            One quarter of CFO Council members say A.I. is ‘critical’ to their companies
			                 


		    	                 
            CFOs on the economy and their businesses   
			                 


		    	                 
            Aviva CFO: Sentiment in Europe is improving   
			                 


		    	                 
            Aviva CFO: Using A.I. to revolutionize our business   
			                 





































































Judy A. Schmeling - Executive Bio, Compensation History, and Contacts - Equilar Atlas










 

















Log in | Sign up








x

 






As Featured In




















Judy A. Schmeling
President, Cornerstone Brands, Inc. and Chief Operating Officer at HSN, Inc.


View Full Profile
Are you Judy A. Schmeling? Claim your profile


 


Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Judy A. Schmeling's full profile. 
With Equilar Atlas, you can:



IDENTIFY corporate executives in Judy A. Schmeling's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Judy A. Schmeling's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Judy A. Schmeling through your network of contacts.
												








Judy A. Schmeling's Executive Work History


Current


President, Cornerstone Brands, Inc. and Chief Operating Officer, 
HSN, Inc.


Board Member, 
Constellation Brands, Inc.


Past
To view Judy A. Schmeling's complete executive work history, sign up now
Age
57

 
 


Judy A. Schmeling's Biography



Ms. Schmeling, age 57, has served as President of Cornerstone Brands since August 2016 and Chief Operating Officer of HSN, Inc. (NasdaqGS: HSNI), an interactive multichannel retailer, since May 2013. She also served as Chief Financial Officer of HSN, Inc. from May 2013 to November 2016. From August 2008 to May 2013, Ms. Schmeling served as HSN, Inc.'s Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Prior to that, Ms. Schmeling held positions of increasing responsibility within the HSN operating segment. She served as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of HSN (when it was IAC Retailing) from February 2002 to August 2008 ...
(Read More)

			Ms. Schmeling, age 57, has served as President of Cornerstone Brands since August 2016 and Chief Operating Officer of HSN, Inc. (NasdaqGS: HSNI), an interactive multichannel retailer, since May 2013. She also served as Chief Financial Officer of HSN, Inc. from May 2013 to November 2016. From August 2008 to May 2013, Ms. Schmeling served as HSN, Inc.'s Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Prior to that, Ms. Schmeling held positions of increasing responsibility within the HSN operating segment. She served as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of HSN (when it was IAC Retailing) from February 2002 to August 2008; as Senior Vice President, Finance from November 1999 to February 2002; as Chief Operating Officer of international operations from January 2001 to February 2002; as Vice President, Strategic Planning and Analysis from January 1998 to November 1999; and as Director of Investor Relations and Operating Vice President, Finance from September 1994 to January 1998 (during the time when HSN was a separately traded public company). Ms. Schmeling has not served as a director of any other public company during the past five years. Ms. Schmeling is a chief operating officer of a public company and brings to the Board extensive accounting and financial expertise and valuable experience associated with operations as well as with the oversight of treasury, financial planning and analysis, tax, and investor relations functions.
		
Source: Constellation Brands, Inc. on 04/10/2017
		
	

 






Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Judy A. Schmeling's full profile. 



												By accessing Equilar Atlas, you can view bios, network, salary and wealth events
												of industry-leading executives like Judy A. Schmeling. More specifically, you'll be able to:
												

IDENTIFY corporate executives in Judy A. Schmeling's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Judy A. Schmeling's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Judy A. Schmeling through your network of conections.
												




View Full Profile


 








Search for over 360,000 executive profiles.





/bio



													Example: Judy A. Schmeling


















Judy A. Schmeling's Connections (63)





Sign up now to view Judy A. Schmeling's 63 connections »









Gregory J. Henchel
Chief Legal Officer and Secretary, HSN, Inc.









Jeremy S. Fowden
Dir. and Chief Executive Officer, Cott Corporation









William C. Brand
President, HSN and Chief Marketing Officer, HSN, Inc.









Karen S. Etzkorn
Board Member, Hibbett Sports, Inc.









James M. Follo
Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, The New York Times Company









Robert Sands
Dir., President and Chief Executive Officer, Constellation Brands, Inc.









Lisa A. Letizio
Board Member, EVINE Live Inc.









John B. Morse
Board Member, Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.









Mindy F. Grossman
Chief Executive Officer and Director, HSN, Inc.









Stephanie A. Kugelman
Board Member, HSN, Inc.








Popular Profiles






														Sign up now to view more executive profiles »
														









Thomas J. Lynch
Executive Chairman, TE Connectivity Ltd.









John J. Kita
EVP and CFO, A. O. Smith









Carl G. Annessa
EVP and COO, Hornbeck Offshore Services, Inc.









Elon R. Musk
CEO and Chairman, Tesla









Michael C. Montgomery
Board Member, NMI Holdings, Inc.












×

Claim Your Profile Coming Soon
Interested in updating your biography and work history?
We're working on making it happen.
We'll email you when this feature is available.
Please enter valid email address.

Done


Thank you for your interest.
Ok






			Browse executive profiles:
			
				 A
			
				 B
			
				 C
			
				 D
			
				 E
			
				 F
			
				 G
			
				 H
			
				 I
			
				 J
			
				 K
			
				 L
			
				 M
			
				 N
			
				 O
			
				 P
			
				 Q
			
				 R
			
				 S
			
				 T
			
				 U
			
				 V
			
				 W
			
				 X
			
				 Y
			
				 Z



Equilar Homepage
Equilar Atlas
Equilar Insight
Equilar BoardEdge
Equilar Engage
Research Services
Knowledge Network
About Us
Login

ï¿½ 2017 Equilar All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
1100 Marshall Street, Redwood City, CA 94063 | Phone (650) 241-6600 | Fax (650) 701-0993













