


Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft









Investment Management  | BNY Mellon Wealth Management



    Investment Management Exceptional Capabilities; Talented Investment Professionals  Share this page 


   
   Investment Management Spanning all asset classes, our investment approach applies thoughtful market insights to deliver enhanced after-tax, total portfolio returns while minimizing risk. We leverage the vast resources of BNY Mellon's institutional investment organization to provide you unparalleled access to one of the world's largest and best recognized asset managers in a way that best suits your investment needs. 

While our investment capabilities are exceptional, they gain even greater strength when strategically combined within a portfolio. Our strategic asset allocation expertise, overall approach to investment architecture and thoughtful, objective-driven management help to ensure you receive the investment advice and solutions that best serve your goals.     Want to learn more?  Contact us today and we will connect you with an advisor who can tell you more about our Investment Management expertise.  Contact Us      Solutions  Asset AllocationStrategic ArchitectureObjective-Driven InvestingLiquidity ManagementMulti-Asset-Class Strategies Across Global Boutiques    
      Contact Us Want to know more?  Put our expertise to work on your behalf. Submit our short Contact Us form and we'll get in touch with you.       Contact Us 
 












Contact Us | BNY Mellon Wealth Management





      Contact      Get in touch with one of our professionals.   







 





Your Info
Summary





















Wealth Management Inquiries




General Inquiries
To speak with a wealth management professional, call 866-804-5023. 

Client Access or Support
For help accessing Private Workbench, call 866-829-4073. 

Check Verifications
For banking inquiries, call 866-636-0540. 



Office Locations
BNY Mellon Wealth Management works with individuals, families and institutions wherever they are located. View our list of office locations. 
















Other Inquiries





Careers at BNY Mellon


View Job Opportunities



Employee Directory


Contact an Employee



Check Verifications










Family Office Investment Solutions


View Our Capabilities







Planned Giving Programs


View Our Capabilities



Endowments & Foundations


View Our Capabilities








  












Wealth & Estate Planning | BNY Mellon Wealth Management



    Wealth & Estate Planning Deep Expertise; Proactive Counsel


  Share this page 


   
   Wealth & Estate Planning When you’ve been serving wealthy clients for more than two centuries, there are few wealth challenges you haven’t seen – or solved. We can help you fully realize your and your family’s specific goals and vision by coordinating the right strategy, resources and support. As external influences or personal circumstances change, effective wealth planning is consistently sustained through diligent management, the highest fiduciary standards of service, and proactive counsel. 

Equally important, we share our technical knowledge and deep experience with your other advisors, thoughtfully and collaboratively applying our resources to further your goals and ensuring a comprehensive wealth management plan.
     Want to learn more?  Contact us today and we will connect you with an expert advisor who can tell you more about our Wealth & Estate Planning services.  Contact Us      Solutions  Wealth Protection & TransferTax PlanningConcentrated Wealth SolutionsInsurance & Risk Management SolutionsEstate Settlement & AdministrationFamily Governance    
      Contact Us Want to Know More?  Discover how our products and services can help you. Complete the contact form and we’ll connect you with one of our experts.      Contact Us 
 












Discover  | BNY Mellon Wealth Management



        Discover How we successfully manage wealth and the types of clients we serve.     
      Who We Serve      Customized plans and services for individuals, families, advisors and institutions   



Individuals & Families
We specialize in meeting the complex investment and banking needs of wealthy individuals and their families.
Learn More



Advisors to Individuals & Families
We offer a collaborative approach and customized solutions for our clients' other professional and financial advisors.
Learn More



Family Offices
Among the first of its kind in the nation, our Family Office services feature industry-leading resources and expertise for family offices and their financial interests.
Learn More



Non-Profits
We offer a full range of investment, custody, and reporting services tailored specifically to the needs of non-profits nationwide.
Learn More



      Capabilities      Deep expertise across a wide range of wealth management services           Asset Servicing & Information Management       Asset Servicing & Information Management  As the world’s largest asset servicing provider, we make sure that your assets and information are secure through our full range of custody, administration, and reporting services.  Learn more         Credit & Lending Services       Credit & Lending Services  As the oldest U.S. private bank, we have extensive experience in credit and lending–and in the strategies that make them effective components of your wealth plan.  Learn more         Donor Advised Funds       Donor Advised Funds  We have a distinct team dedicated to the needs of donor advised fund sponsor organizations and individual donors.  Learn more         Endowment & Foundation Services       Endowment & Foundation Services  We have an experienced team dedicated exclusively to the needs of Endowments and Foundations.  Learn more         Escrow Services       Escrow Services  Escrow arrangements offer a perfect solution when you and another party require property such as cash, securities, real estate or insurance policies, to be held by a third party until certain conditions are met.  Learn more         Family Office Investment Solutions       Family Office Investment Solutions  The Family Office investment platform focuses on delivery of custom solutions constructed around each client’s unique liquidity, cash flow, tax, risk and return requirements.  Learn more         Fiduciary Services       Fiduciary Services  One of the largest banks in the world and the creator of the nation’s first trust, we are unrivaled in fiduciary experience.  Learn more         Investment Management       Investment Management  Our investment management services are dedicated exclusively to the needs of private clients.  Learn more         Jumbo Mortgages       Jumbo Mortgages  As a jumbo mortgage lender of primary and vacation homes nationwide, we have unrivaled expertise in creating and managing solutions to meet the needs of our private clients.  Learn more         Philanthropy       Philanthropy  With BNY Mellon, your charitable gifts not only serve recipients well, but also remained aligned with your strategic, philanthropic and financial goals.  Learn more         Planned Giving Services       Planned Giving Services  For more than 20 years, we have served non-profit organizations with comprehensive gift management services, tailored investment management solutions, and donor and organizational support.  Learn more         Private Banking       Private Banking  From checking, savings and online banking to sophisticated financing strategies, we respond to the evolving needs of our clients with customized solutions and personalized service.  Learn more         Self-Directed Investment Services       Self-Directed Investment Services  Our Cash Management Access Account (CMAA) combines our banking capabilities with our brokerage services in one streamlined solution.   Learn more         Wealth & Estate Planning       Wealth & Estate Planning  When you’ve been serving wealthy clients for more than two centuries, there are few wealth challenges you haven’t seen – or solved.   Learn more       
      Contact Us Want to know more about BNY Mellon Wealth Management?  Fill in the quick contact form and we’ll connect you with the right person to discuss your needs.      Contact Us 
 












Experience | BNY Mellon Wealth Management



     My Experience  I am a  choose one                  I am a    Individual InvestorAdvisor to an IndividualFamily OfficeNon-Profit             and  I'm looking for guidance because            choose one                   I'm looking for guidance because...                   * Please select a    See Results                      Experience A Client-First Culture We do things a little differently at BNY Mellon Wealth Management. Here, we have a commitment to serving clients, not selling products–a client-first approach that has led to industry-leading client satisfaction rates. 

And while we're proud of those results, it’s our client retention rates that matter most to us. Those sustained relationships can only be earned over time–and they’re what allow us to create not just richer lifetimes, but enduring legacies.     
      Becoming an Individual Client      Personal strategies and services based on one question: What do you need?        Experience The Individual Investor Journey At BNY Mellon Wealth Management, expect to receive the best of both worlds: the high-touch, one-on-one service of an investment boutique backed by the power of a large, resource-rich global firm. 

Industry-leading client service. Best in class resources. A spirit of innovation. All focused on you. 

Want to learn more about solutions for Individual Investors? Contact us today, and we’ll connect you with a professional who can help you build a wealth plan specific to your needs. 
              1Discuss2Assess3Plan4Implement5Manage       The Individual Investor Journey Step 1 Discuss Your Goals Working closely, we define your ultimate objectives and expectations for lifestyle and wealth transfer. This ensures everyone is aligned around your collective vision from the start.       The Individual Investor Journey Step 2 Assess Your Portfolio Guided by your goals and risk tolerance, we explore the mix of asset classes that’s right for you. We identify each entity's optimal contribution and consider strategic alignment with your chosen goals.        The Individual Investor Journey Step 3 Plan For What's Next We analyze each entity within your portfolio, including IRAs, trusts and credit facilities, as well as special situations such as business interests or executive compensation. Our plan is created with your input throughout, and moves to implementation only with your approval.       The Individual Investor Journey Step 4 Implement Strategic Action We document your plan's details and review with you, aligning them with your requirements before implementing the strategy.       The Individual Investor Journey Step 5 Actively Manage Unlike other firms, your portfolio is managed actively by a team of people. They are regularly revisiting your goals, rebalancing your positions, and identifying new opportunities. They have your interests top of mind, all the time.        Discover Our Services for Individuals & Families  Learn More 
      Becoming an Institutional Client      We understand what makes institutional wealth management unique. And we know how to optimize it.            Experience The Institutional Investor Journey No single firm offers family offices and non-profits integrated support like BNY Mellon Wealth Management. Industry-leading custody capabilities and deep fiduciary knowledge make our in-house expertise for institutions unparalleled. And our centuries of investment excellence across asset classes and styles informs everything we do.


Want to learn more about our solutions for Institutions? Get the answers you need to discover what BNY Mellon Wealth Management can do for your organization.          1Discuss2Assess3Plan4Implement5Manage       The Institutional Investor Journey Step 1 Discuss Your Goals Even before you’ve committed to being a client, you will meet your core team of advisors. Together, you will outline your organization’s needs and goals.       The Institutional Investor Journey Step 2 Assess Your Portfolio With your organization’s goals in mind, the team will work look closely at what currently exists. This work is aimed at uncovering under-leveraged assets, missed opportunities and unnecessary risks relative to your organization’s future needs.       The Institutional Investor Journey Step 3 Plan For What's Next Your dedicated client services team works with you to outline near-term and long-term strategic goals. Timeframes and milestones are established along with the communication plan.       The Institutional Investor Journey Step 4 Implement Strategic Action The team goes to work executing the agreed upon strategy, keeping you informed every step of the way. Reports are made available for you to review and share.       The Institutional Investor Journey Step 5 Actively Manage Your team is regularly revisiting your organization’s goals and actively identifying new opportunities or risks. We are also constantly consulting with our internal experts, sharing best thinking and getting ahead of trends.        Discover Our Services for Institutions  Learn More 
      Private Workbench      Take a tour of our online platform for real-time account information, research and reports        Private Workbench Benefits    Mobile Access Available on your phone, tablet, or laptop, so you can monitor your investments and banking in real time.   Custom Settings Make the experience yours by seeing only what you want and nothing that you don’t.   Direct Access to Your Dedicated Team The My Team tab gives you direct email access to your wealth management team.     
      Contact Us How can we help you?  Your questions are important to us, complete our contact form and we’ll connect you with the right team member to discuss your needs.      Contact Us 
 
























Institutional home



















































Vanguard - DC Small/Mid Services: Our approach                                     
        



























































Your input was invalid





























Defined ContributionSmall/Mid plans (startup to $20M+)








 Our approach 
 Sponsor support 
 Participant experience 
 Plan administration 
 Advisor and TPA support 
 Plan Advisor Resource Center








Select Our approachAll  

Sponsor supportAll  

Participant experienceAll  

Plan administrationAll  

Advisor and TPA supportAll  

Plan Advisor Resource CenterAll  










Our approach

Leaders of small and mid-sized businesses have multiple roles and competing priorities. You want a best-in-class retirement plan but may be unsure about all the complexities and requirements. You may be uncertain about the costs and fees involved. You need a provider focused solely on retirement and aligned with your needs and goals—and fully committed to you, your participants, and the ongoing improvement of retirement investing.

Vanguard is committed to the retirement business and is a leader in the retirement plan industry. Best of all, you can benefit from Vanguard's unique ownership structure: We're owned by our clients and not by outside investors or stockholders. That means you never need to question whose interests come first for us. This approach serves as a foundation for all that we do with Vanguard Retirement Plan Access™, our 401(k) offer for small and mid-sized plans. You can count on our expertise to remove the uncertainties from managing your plan and our leadership to help you offer a strong plan for your participants. 



Key benefits




You can:

Have confidence in your plan.
Understand your costs.
Focus on your business.





Cost-conscious?
As a business owner and plan fiduciary, you want to eliminate ambiguity in retirement plan costs. Research has shown that plan costs for the smaller end of the market tend to be higher, and you need a retirement plan provider that not only provides transparent pricing but has a fair and reasonable cost structure.1
With Vanguard Retirement Plan Access:

You receive an All-in Fee Report that shows the total cost of your plan.
You have access to low-cost Vanguard index funds, plus the opportunity to choose from among more than 12,000 non-Vanguard funds.
Your annual recordkeeping price is based on a per-participant fee—a fee that doesn't jump as your assets grow, as with many small to mid-sized retirement plans.
You have flexibility in how you cover your plan costs—including a recordkeeping credit depending on the share class selected.




Too busy?
 As a business owner, you're pressed for time and focused on many aspects of business. With Vanguard Retirement Plan Access, you can rely on high-quality recordkeeping and administration to ease your administrative burden and help your employees stay on track for retirement.


1 Source: Investment Company Institute, 2014. 

















Contact us
  888-684-401K
  Email






Plan Advisor Resource Center



Working with your partners
 We can work with your advisor and third-party administrator to create a state-of-the-art plan.

Request information (RFI)Vanguard Retirement Plan Access™
Vanguard: Taking a stand for your participants
Infographic: Small biz saves smart
















Plan Advisor Resource Center



Working with your partners
            We can work with your advisor and third-party administrator to create a state-of-the-art plan.


Request information (RFI)Vanguard Retirement Plan Access™
Vanguard: Taking a stand for your participants
Infographic: Small biz saves smart




































































































Insights from Vanguard™

































 






































 
























Vanguard - Nonprofit services: Advisory services                                     
        



























































Your input was invalid





























Nonprofit








 Understanding your needs 
 Advisory services 
 Your Vanguard team 
 Nonprofit resource center








Select Understanding your needsAll  

Advisory servicesAll  

Your Vanguard teamAll  

Nonprofit resource centerAll  










Advisory services
Many organizations like yours find it challenging to oversee their portfolio while also managing the day-to-day responsibilities of running their endowment, foundation, or charitable organization. But partnering with a provider who understands your needs can help you better balance these competing priorities.
Partnering with your organization
Vanguard Institutional Advisory Services® (VIAS) offers nonprofits the considerable resources of a large investment firm like Vanguard with the customized service of a specialized boutique. When your organization partners with VIAS, you work with a team of investment professionals that has your objectives and fiduciary responsibilities in mind. VIAS strives to:

Understand your organization's mission, spending needs, and unique situation and offer sophisticated, unbiased advice.
Develop a low-cost portfolio customized to your organization's needs.
Relieve your staff of many of the day-to-day burdens of investment program management.

OCIO: One service, many names


One approach nonprofits are increasingly considering is an outsourced chief investment officer (OCIO). An OCIO service—which is a key offering of Vanguard Institutional Advisory Services—acts as an extension of the board and investment staff. The OCIO determines an asset allocation strategy, selects investment advisors to implement it, and manages its operation and execution. Investment providers and clients call this service a variety of names, including discretionary management, advisory services, and investment management.





Investing and advising
Optimizing your portfolio to meet your long-term investment objectives requires time and skill. VIAS helps you develop a tailored portfolio that ensures your investments are diversified, risk-appropriate, and aligned with your overall strategy.
Our comprehensive advisory services include:









Portfolio construction 

Asset allocation analysis that uses a distinct, proprietary model to deliver solutions based on your portfolio needs.
Investment policy consulting designed to meet the unique investment goals of your organization.
Customized product selection that focuses on low-cost index and active investments.











Portfolio management

Performance reporting to help keep your investment committee informed.
Investment reviews that provide insights into your portfolio and the broader market and economic environment.
Steadfast commitment to risk management and process excellence through ongoing portfolio monitoring and rebalancing.








Research & expertise

Investment expertise and commentary on financial issues that provide context for your decision-making.
Investment committee best practices that are designed to increase your group's effectiveness.





Notes:

Advice services offered through Vanguard Institutional Advisory Services are provided by Vanguard Advisers, Inc., a registered investment advisor.
All investments are subject to risk, including the possible loss of the money you invest. 
Diversification does not ensure a profit or protect against a loss in a declining market. 

















Contact us
  888-888-7064
  Email







Nonprofit Resource Center

Fiduciary roles & lawsMission & planningInvestment strategy
Governance best practices
Fiduciary toolkit

LEARN HOW WE SUPPORT
Defined contribution plans

Defined benefit plans

Consultants
Request information (RFI) 











Contact us
  888-888-7064
  E-mail







Nonprofit Resource Center

Fiduciary roles & lawsMission & planningInvestment strategy
Governance best practices
Fiduciary toolkit

LEARN HOW WE SUPPORT
Defined contribution plans

Defined benefit plans

Consultants
Request information (RFI) 







































































































Abbott Laboratories (NYSE:ABT) Stake Held by United Fire Group Inc. - Watch List News



















































Home
About
Staff
Privacy Policy
Contact
























Headlines
Business
US News
Health
World
Investing
Technology




















Abbott Laboratories - Get News & Ratings Daily

		Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Abbott Laboratories with our FREE daily email newsletter:



 






Follow Watchlist News

 











Latest News



Zacks Investment Research Upgrades Immunomedics, Inc. (IMMU) to “Buy”					

Shopify Inc. (SHOP) Lifted to Strong-Buy at Vetr Inc.					

GW Pharmaceuticals PLC (GWPH) Upgraded to Buy by Zacks Investment Research					

Reynolds American Inc (RAI) Given a $60.00 Price Target by Jefferies Group LLC Analysts					

Northland Securities Analysts Give Diamondback Energy, Inc. (NASDAQ:FANG) a $125.00 Price Target					

Fiat Chrysler Automobiles N.V. (FCAU) Receives Overweight Rating from Morgan Stanley					

Quintiles Transitional Holdings’ (Q) “Overweight” Rating Reiterated at Barclays PLC					

Goldman Sachs BDC, Inc. (GSBD) Rating Lowered to Sell at Zacks Investment Research					

Global Partners LP (GLP) Rating Increased to Buy at Zacks Investment Research					

Thermo Fisher Scientific’s (NYSE:TMO) Overweight Rating Reaffirmed at Barclays PLC					

GTT Communications, Inc. (GTT) Rating Increased to Buy at Zacks Investment Research					

NVIDIA Corporation’s (NVDA) Buy Rating Reaffirmed at Canaccord Genuity					

Rex Energy Corporation (NASDAQ:REXX) PT Set at $4.00 by Northland Securities					

Qiagen N.V.’s (QGEN) Overweight Rating Reiterated at Barclays PLC					

Endeavour Silver Corporation (EXK) Upgraded to Strong-Buy at Zacks Investment Research					

Resolute Energy Corporation (NYSE:REN) Given a $60.00 Price Target by Northland Securities Analysts					

H. Lundbeck A/S- (HLUYY) Rating Lowered to Hold at Zacks Investment Research					

Innoviva, Inc. (INVA) Lifted to Hold at Zacks Investment Research					

Israel Chemicals Shs (ICL) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research					

Puma Biotechnology Inc (NYSE:PBYI) Given a $88.00 Price Target by Royal Bank Of Canada Analysts					



Archives

July 2017
June 2017
May 2017
April 2017
March 2017
February 2017
January 2017
December 2016
November 2016
October 2016
September 2016
August 2016
July 2016
June 2016
May 2016
March 2016
November 2015
October 2015
September 2015
August 2015
July 2015
June 2015
May 2015
April 2015
March 2015
February 2015
January 2015
December 2014
November 2014
October 2014
September 2014
August 2014
July 2014
June 2014
May 2014
April 2014
March 2014
February 2014
January 2014




 




						Abbott Laboratories (NYSE:ABT) Stake Held by United Fire Group Inc.					

						 July 19th, 2017  - 0 comments - Filed Under -
 by Lindsey Winhoffer 


							Filed Under: Investing - SEC Filing Articles 






Tweet










United Fire Group Inc. continued to hold its position in shares of  Abbott Laboratories (NYSE:ABT) during the first quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The institutional investor  owned 225,000 shares of the healthcare product maker’s stock at the end of the first quarter. Abbott Laboratories comprises about  3.6% of United Fire Group Inc.’s investment portfolio, making the stock its 9th largest position. United Fire Group Inc.’s holdings in Abbott Laboratories were worth $9,992,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. 
Other hedge funds and other institutional investors also recently made changes to their positions in the company. Banco Santander S.A. bought a new position in shares of  Abbott Laboratories during the fourth quarter valued at about $5,189,000.  Perceptive Advisors LLC bought a new position in shares of  Abbott Laboratories during the fourth quarter valued at about $1,921,000.  L & S Advisors Inc bought a new position in shares of  Abbott Laboratories during the fourth quarter valued at about $468,000.  Marshwinds Advisory Co. boosted its position in shares of  Abbott Laboratories by 118.2% in the first quarter. Marshwinds Advisory Co. now owns 66,576 shares of the healthcare product maker’s stock valued at $2,957,000 after buying an additional 36,069 shares during the last quarter.  Finally, Farmers & Merchants Investments Inc. boosted its position in shares of  Abbott Laboratories by 7.6% in the first quarter. Farmers & Merchants Investments Inc. now owns 103,815 shares of the healthcare product maker’s stock valued at $4,610,000 after buying an additional 7,309 shares during the last quarter. 71.02% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors. 
Shares of Abbott Laboratories (NYSE:ABT) opened at 48.74 on Wednesday. Abbott Laboratories has a 1-year low of $37.38 and a 1-year high of $49.59. The company has a market capitalization of $84.58 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 50.72 and a beta of 1.07. The company’s 50 day moving average price is $46.26 and its 200-day moving average price is $43.65. 




Abbott Laboratories (NYSE:ABT) last released its earnings results on Wednesday, April 19th. The healthcare product maker reported $0.48 earnings per share for the quarter, beating the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.43 by $0.05. The company had revenue of $6.34 billion for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $6.16 billion. Abbott Laboratories had a return on equity of 14.91% and a net margin of 6.74%. Abbott Laboratories’s quarterly revenue was up 29.7% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period in the previous year, the business earned $0.41 earnings per share.  On average, equities analysts forecast that  Abbott Laboratories will post $2.47 earnings per share for the current year. 
The business also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Tuesday, August 15th. Investors of record on Friday, July 14th will be given a dividend of $0.265 per share. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Wednesday, July 12th. This represents a $1.06 annualized dividend and a yield of 2.17%. Abbott Laboratories’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is presently 110.42%. 
TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: “Abbott Laboratories (NYSE:ABT) Stake Held by United Fire Group Inc.” was  reported by Watch List News and is owned by of Watch List News. If you are reading this news story on another publication, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of international copyright law. The original version of this news story can be viewed at https://www.watchlistnews.com/abbott-laboratories-nyseabt-stake-held-by-united-fire-group-inc/1450972.html. 
Several research analysts recently issued reports on ABT shares. Zacks Investment Research cut Abbott Laboratories from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a research report on Tuesday, March 28th. Wells Fargo & Company  reaffirmed an “outperform” rating and set a $54.00 target price (up previously from $47.50) on shares of Abbott Laboratories in a research report on Friday, June 30th. TheStreet raised Abbott Laboratories from a “c+” rating to a “b” rating in a research report on Monday, July 3rd. Stifel Nicolaus  reissued a “buy” rating and issued a $49.00 price objective on shares of Abbott Laboratories in a research report on Tuesday, April 18th. Finally, BMO Capital Markets  reissued a “hold” rating and issued a $48.00 price objective on shares of Abbott Laboratories in a research report on Tuesday, July 11th. Four investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating, twelve have given a buy rating and one  has assigned  a strong buy rating to the company. The company  has a consensus rating of “Buy” and a consensus price target of $51.33.
In related news, insider Joseph J. Manning sold 4,200 shares of Abbott Laboratories stock in a transaction on Wednesday, April 26th. The stock was sold at an average price of $43.95, for a total transaction of $184,590.00. Following the transaction, the insider now directly owns 26,224 shares in the company, valued at $1,152,544.80. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available through the SEC website. Also, insider Jared Watkin sold 552 shares of Abbott Laboratories stock in a transaction on Thursday, June 15th. The shares were sold at an average price of $47.97, for a total value of $26,479.44. Following the transaction, the insider now owns 47,090 shares in the company, valued at $2,258,907.30. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders have sold 206,902 shares of company stock worth $9,497,761 over the last quarter. 0.76% of the stock is owned by company insiders. 
About Abbott Laboratories
Abbott Laboratories is engaged in the discovery, development, manufacture and sale of a range of healthcare products. The Company operates through four segments: Established Pharmaceutical Products, Diagnostic Products, Nutritional Products and Vascular Products. Its Established Pharmaceutical Products include a range of branded generic pharmaceuticals manufactured around the world and marketed and sold outside the United States.
Want to see what other hedge funds are holding ABT? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Abbott Laboratories (NYSE:ABT).



Receive News & Ratings for Abbott Laboratories Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Abbott Laboratories and related companies with Analyst Ratings Network's FREE daily email newsletter.



 










Lindsey Winhoffer 























 Comment on this Post

Click here to cancel reply.



Name (required)

Mail (will not be published) (required)

Website






Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be placed in moderation!




Latest News




Sirius XM Making Big Investment In Pandora





Tax Reform Not Going Quite As Planned





Western Digital Files Lawsuit To Halt Toshiba Chip Business Sale





Sinclair Broadcast Group Announces Deal For Tribune Media





Starbucks Has A Hit With Its Unicorn Frappuccino











			© Watch List News, LLC 2008-2017. All rights reserved. 


Privacy Policy |
			About | Staff 
			| Contact 





















































Schmidt P J Investment Management Inc Buys Schneider National Inc, Walt Disney Co, iShares Core ... - Nasdaq.com











































































Hot Topics:
ETFs |
Smart Portfolio |
Currencies |
Online Broker Center















Search










































Schmidt P J Investment Management Inc Buys Schneider National Inc, Walt Disney Co, iShares Core ...


July 20, 2017, 05:38:01 PM EDT
By insider, GuruFocus









































Shutterstock photo


Schmidt P J Investment Management IncNew Purchases: SNDR , ADBE , EXPE , JPM, PCLN, TRU, ABC,Added Positions:DIS, IJH, IEFA, IJR, C, AMGN, ENB, UNP, RTN, ADI,Reduced Positions:NKE, PM, D, XOM, WBA, GIS, T, AAPL, AMT, DD,Sold Out:CELG, YUMC,For the details of SCHMIDT P J INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT INC's stock buys and sells, go to http://www.gurufocus.com/StockBuy.php?GuruName=SCHMIDT+P+J+INVESTMENT+MANAGEMENT+INCThese are the top 5 holdings of SCHMIDT P J INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT INCSchneider National Inc ( SNDR ) - 1,687,625 shares, 11.56% of the total portfolio. New PositioniShares Core S&P 500 ( IVV ) - 38,226 shares, 2.85% of the total portfolio. Shares added by 0.53%Microsoft Corp ( MSFT ) - 125,981 shares, 2.66% of the total portfolio. Shares added by 1.51%Johnson & Johnson ( JNJ ) - 63,656 shares, 2.58% of the total portfolio. Shares reduced by 0.79%Apple Inc ( AAPL ) - 58,034 shares, 2.56% of the total portfolio. Shares reduced by 1.58%New Purchase: Schneider National Inc ( SNDR )Schmidt P J Investment Management Inc initiated holdings in Schneider National Inc. The purchase prices were between $18.4 and $22.12, with an estimated average price of $19.72. The stock is now traded at around $20.39. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 11.56%. The holdings were 1,687,625 shares as of 2017-06-30.New Purchase: Expedia Inc (EXPE)Schmidt P J Investment Management Inc initiated holdings in Expedia Inc. The purchase prices were between $124.97 and $154.43, with an estimated average price of $140. The stock is now traded at around $154.81. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.07%. The holdings were 1,602 shares as of 2017-06-30.New Purchase: TransUnion (TRU)Schmidt P J Investment Management Inc initiated holdings in TransUnion. The purchase prices were between $37.97 and $44.44, with an estimated average price of $41.36. The stock is now traded at around $45.02. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.07%. The holdings were 5,322 shares as of 2017-06-30.New Purchase: Adobe Systems Inc (ADBE)Schmidt P J Investment Management Inc initiated holdings in Adobe Systems Inc. The purchase prices were between $129.05 and $145.41, with an estimated average price of $136.74. The stock is now traded at around $149.95. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.07%. The holdings were 1,520 shares as of 2017-06-30.New Purchase: JPMorgan Chase & Co (JPM)Schmidt P J Investment Management Inc initiated holdings in JPMorgan Chase & Co. The purchase prices were between $82.15 and $91.15, with an estimated average price of $86.23. The stock is now traded at around $91.42. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.07%. The holdings were 2,335 shares as of 2017-06-30.New Purchase: The Priceline Group Inc (PCLN)Schmidt P J Investment Management Inc initiated holdings in The Priceline Group Inc. The purchase prices were between $1738.77 and $1911.13, with an estimated average price of $1831.37. The stock is now traded at around $1999.49. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.07%. The holdings were 123 shares as of 2017-06-30.Added: Walt Disney Co (DIS)Schmidt P J Investment Management Inc added to the holdings in Walt Disney Co by 25.15%. The purchase prices were between $103.94 and $115.84, with an estimated average price of $109.62. The stock is now traded at around $107.36. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.23%. The holdings were 34,939 shares as of 2017-06-30.Added: iShares Core MSCI EAFE (IEFA)Schmidt P J Investment Management Inc added to the holdings in iShares Core MSCI EAFE by 70.23%. The purchase prices were between $57.34 and $62.76, with an estimated average price of $60.33. The stock is now traded at around $62.40. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.17%. The holdings were 21,204 shares as of 2017-06-30.Sold Out: Yum China Holdings Inc (YUMC)Schmidt P J Investment Management Inc sold out the holdings in Yum China Holdings Inc. The sale prices were between $27.2 and $41.7, with an estimated average price of $35.89.Sold Out: Celgene Corp (CELG)Schmidt P J Investment Management Inc sold out the holdings in Celgene Corp. The sale prices were between $114.41 and $134.31, with an estimated average price of $122.44.Reduced: PayPal Holdings Inc (PYPL)Schmidt P J Investment Management Inc reduced to the holdings in PayPal Holdings Inc by 22.25%. The sale prices were between $42.49 and $54.39, with an estimated average price of $48.98. The stock is now traded at around $59.14. The impact to the portfolio due to this sale was -0.04%. Schmidt P J Investment Management Inc still held 8,736 shares as of 2017-06-30.DIS 15-Year Financial DataThe intrinsic value of DISPeter Lynch Chart of DISPremium MembersThis article first appeared on GuruFocus .



The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc.











This article appears in:
Investing                           
                            
                                , Stocks





Referenced Symbols:

                                        SNDR
                                    
, 

                                        IVV
                                    
, 

                                        MSFT
                                    
, 

                                        JNJ
                                    
, 

                                        AAPL
                                    












More from GuruFocus



Subscribe




Warren Buffett: I could make you 50% a year on $1 million
This Powerful Chart Made Peter Lynch 29% A Year For 13 Years
A Strategy Ben Graham Used for 30 Years














Related Stocks Articles




Subscribe







Did Japan's Casino Dreams Just Vanish?


						7/22/2017 08:44 AM
					



How to Save Thousands on Your Next Car


						7/22/2017 08:23 AM
					



These Companies Could Win Big at the Emmys


						7/22/2017 08:20 AM
					














Contributor:GuruFocus
Stock Picks, Portfolios



Follow on:

























Most Popular




Highest Rated








Microsoft Corporation Q4 Profit Advances 40%
Iraq plans to sell us dollar bond deal in coming weeks - sources
Petro River Makes Oil Discovery in Kern County, California
U.S. shale oil output seen up for eighth month at 5.6 mln bpd -EIA
XPO Logistics Announces Public Offering of Common Stock







Merck and Pfizer Collaborate with Corning to Modernize ...
Chipotle: The Bull Case For Queso
Lockheed Martin Invests in contextere to Transform the Future of Work...
PetIQ, Inc. (Nasdaq: PETQ) to Ring The Nasdaq Stock Market Opening...
Morgan Stanley chooses Frankfurt as EU hub post Brexit - source




View All Highest Rated






















Research Brokers before you trade



		Compare Online Brokers
	


Want to trade FX?



		Visit our Forex Broker Center 
	
















Find a Credit Card



                    Select a credit card product by:
                


 Card Type
 Credit Score
 Card Issuer



                    Select an offer:
                





0% APR Credit CardsAirline Credit CardsBalance Transfer Credit CardsBusiness Credit CardsCash Back Credit CardsCharge CardsCharge Cards for BusinessEMV Smart ChipsGas Cards & Auto RewardsHome Improvement Rewards Credit CardsInstant Approval Credit CardsLow Interest Credit CardsNo Annual Fee Credit CardsNo Foreign Transaction Fee Credit CardsPoints Rewards Credit CardsPrepaid & Debit CardsReward Credit CardsStudent Credit CardsTop 10 Best Credit Card Deals and Offers




Bad CreditCredit Quality AverageCredit Quality ExcellentCredit Quality FairCredit Quality GoodLimited or No Credit HistoryPersonal Loans




American ExpressAmerican Express Airline CardsAmerican Express Business CardsAmerican Express Cash Back Credit CardsAmerican Express Charge CardsBarclaycardCapital OneCapital One Cash BackCapital One Fair CreditCapital One MilesCapital One PointsCapital One Prepaid Credit CardsChaseCiti Credit CardsDiscoverDiscover CashbackDiscover MilesDiscover Student Credit CardsMasterCard Credit CardsU.S. BankUSAAUSAA SavingsVisa Credit Cards







Search





Data Provided by BankRate.com






Stocks

Referenced





SNDR








0%



Rate It





IVV








100%



Rate It





MSFT








84%



Rate It





JNJ








83%



Rate It





AAPL








86%



Rate It































CLOSEX

Edit Favorites

Enter up to 25 symbols separated by commas or spaces in the text box below. These symbols will be available during your session for use on applicable pages.






Update

Clear List







CLOSEX
Customize your NASDAQ.com experience
Background Color Selector

Select the background color of your choice:





 Black
							





 Slate Gray
							






 Light Gray
							





 Gray Blue
							






Quote Search

Select a default target page for your quote search:



						 Real-Time

						 After Hours

						 Pre-Market
 News
					


						 Flash Quote

						 Summary Quote

						 Interactive Charts

						 Default Setting




					Please note that once you make your selection, it will apply to all future visits to NASDAQ.com.
					If, at any time, you are interested in reverting to our default settings, please select Default Setting above.
					
					If you have any questions or encounter any issues in changing your default settings, please email isfeedback@nasdaq.com.
				





CLOSEX
Please confirm your selection:

					You have selected to change your default setting for the Quote Search. This will now be your default target page;
					unless you change your configuration again, or you delete your
					cookies. Are you sure you want to change your settings?


YES
NO













CLOSEX


Please disable your ad blocker (or update your settings to ensure that javascript and cookies are enabled), so that we can continue to provide you with the first-rate market news and data you've come to expect from us.





CLOSEX
















































Cisco Systems, Inc. (CSCO) Position Lowered by Schmidt PJ Investment Management Inc





















































































 





 

 

 

 







 

 

 

 







 

 

 

 


 


 







20Jul

Cisco Systems, Inc. (CSCO) Position Lowered by Schmidt PJ Investment Management IncGrant Boone





Shares for $18.75 million were sold by DE GEUS AART. The SI to Generac Holdings Incorporated's float is 6.77%. (NYSE:HOS)'s stock on Tuesday traded at beginning with a price of $2.77 and when day-trade ended the stock finally moved down -6.41% to reach at $2.63. It is down 46.55% since July 17, 2016 and is uptrending. It has underperformed by 16.19% the S&P500.OLD Dominion Capital Management Inc. raised its stake in Cisco Systems, Inc. Viking Fund Management LLC now owns 70,000 shares of the network equipment provider's stock valued at $2,191,000 after buying an additional 34,000 shares during the period. The Minneapolis Portfolio Management Group Llc holds 1.25M shares with $37.83 million value, down from 1.34 million last quarter. Cisco Sys Inc now has $158.26B valuation.Cisco Systems (NASDAQ:CSCO) last issued its quarterly earnings results on Wednesday, May 17th. While looking the figure depicted by the Price to Earning we can suggest that the shares of Cisco Systems, Inc. (NASDAQ:CSCO) has risen 13.20% since July 20, 2016 and is uptrending. It has underperformed by 3.50% the S&P500. Jacoby Rebecca sold $2.94M worth of stock. CHAMBERS JOHN T sold 295,538 shares worth $10.07 million. (NASDAQ:CSCO) shares with value of $537,050 were sold by BHATT PRAT. Also, SVP Karen Walker sold 7,802 shares of Cisco Systems stock in a transaction that occurred on Tuesday, June 13th. Kidder Stephen W owns 1.02% invested in Cisco Systems, Inc. (NASDAQ:CSCO). Bank Hapoalim Bm has 110,236 shares. State Street Corp boosted its position in Cisco Systems by 2.8% in the fourth quarter.
Kadeem Allen signs contract with Boston Celtics
					Does any team in Western Conference is going to be compete. "It's definitely going to be exciting and fun to watch for the fans". And the pressure out if one might be nice to our guests I'm out. "I see myself fitting in anywhere Coach wants to put me".
				Miller Howard Investments Inc decreased its stake in Cisco Sys Inc Com (CSCO) by 4.15% based on its latest 2016Q4 regulatory filing with the SEC. During the same quarter in the previous year, the company posted $0.57 EPS. On average, equities analysts forecast that Cisco Systems, Inc. will post $2.38 EPS for the current fiscal year. First Manhattan Co.'s holdings in Cisco Systems were worth $15,857,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. Also, there are 3 buy, 0 sell and 0 strong sell ratings, collectively assigning a 1.72 average brokerage recommendation. Therefore 81% are positive. Asset Management Group Inc. increased its position in shares of Cisco Systems by 0.8% in the fourth quarter. The company presently has a consensus rating of "Buy" and an average price target of $35.32. The firm has "Buy" rating given on Thursday, June 29 by Bernstein. The firm has "Buy" rating given on Thursday, August 18 by Drexel Hamilton.Analysts await Cisco Systems, Inc. BMO Capital Markets maintained the shares of WDAY in report on Thursday, August 25 with "Market Perform" rating. Goldman Sachs upgraded the shares of FNV in report on Thursday, February 9 to "Neutral" rating. The rating was maintained by Piper Jaffray on Thursday, August 13 with "Buy".Investors sentiment decreased to 1.07 in 2016 Q4. The dividend payment will be $0.290 per share for the quarter which is $1.16 annualized. 117 funds opened positions while 651 raised stakes. Barings LLC increased its position in shares of Cisco Systems by 14.9% in the fourth quarter. (NASDAQ:CSCO) during the first quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the SEC. Hays Advisory Limited Company holds 1.24% or 184,210 shares in its portfolio. Burgundy Asset Mngmt reported 8.18M shares. Walleye Trading Lc reported 0% of its portfolio in Cisco Systems, Inc. Deutsche Bank AG upped their price objective on shares of Cisco Systems from $40.00 to $42.00 and gave the company a "buy" rating in a research report on Thursday, March 23rd. Commonwealth Equity Services Incorporated invested in 1.18M shares. Retirement Of Alabama holds 0.66% or 3.75M shares. Criterion Capital Mngmt Limited Company owns 2.23 million shares or 5.99% of their United States portfolio. Renaissance Gru Lc invested 0.09% in Cisco Systems, Inc. Zacks Investment Research downgraded Cisco Systems from a "hold" rating to a "sell" rating in a research report on Tuesday, April 18th. Therefore 36% are positive.
India on track to grow at 7.4%, developing Asia to improve:ADB
					It said the smaller uptick in the 2018 rate reflects a cautious view on the sustainability of this export push. For 2017, the ADB forecast developing Asia's inflation to be 2.6% versus prior forecast of 3%.
				Among 27 analysts covering Visa Inc. The stock has "Neutral" rating by SunTrust on Wednesday, January 6. The rating was maintained by Argus Research with "Buy" on Friday, August 19. The firm has "Hold" rating by Jefferies given on Friday, June 2. The firm has "Buy" rating by Oppenheimer given on Wednesday, June 21. (NYSE:GNRC) has "Sector Weight" rating given on Wednesday, April 5 by KeyBanc Capital Markets. The stock has "Hold" rating by Wunderlich on Thursday, August 18.Generac Holdings Inc.is a designer and maker of power generation equipment and other engine powered products. Insight 2811 Inc who had been investing in Cisco Sys Inc for a number of months, seems to be less bullish one the $157.20 billion market cap company. It has a 63.95 P/E ratio. The Company's divisions include Domestic and global.Investors sentiment decreased to 1.07 in 2016 Q4. Its up 0.36, from 0.59 in 2016Q3. It is negative, as 23 investors sold Generac Holdings Inc. shares while 67 reduced holdings. 115 funds opened positions while 706 raised stakes. Blackrock Limited Liability Corporation reported 272,942 shares stake. American Registered Invest Advisor reported 0.43% of its portfolio in Visa Inc (NYSE:V). Deltec Asset Mngmt has 0.62% invested in Cisco Systems, Inc. (NYSE:GNRC) for 266,830 shares. Fort Point Cap Prtn Limited Company owns 16,721 shares. Halbert Hargrove Russell Ltd Liability Corp holds 0.13% of its portfolio in AT&T Inc. (NYSE:GNRC) for 106,600 shares. Douglas Lane & Associates, LLC now holds 1,977,780 shares valued at $61,905,000. Rhumbline Advisers stated it has 0.01% of its portfolio in Generac Holdings Inc.
Gender pay gap - BBC in the spotlight
					Chris Evans is top of the list with annual earnings of £2.20-£2.25m, followed by Gary Lineker with a salary of £1.75m-£1.80m. The list was publicly unveiled after the United Kingdom government forced the broadcaster to disclose their stars' salaries.
				



Related news:


Kevin Hart Addresses Rumors He Cheated on Pregnant Wife Eniko Parrish


Evil Within 2 gets a new trailer with gameplay and monsters


Slim majority wants Democrats in charge of Congress


IUC report: Reliance Jio alleges Rs 100000 cr bonanza to incumbents


The shocking truth about the solar eclipse


Sports Direct shares rise despite 60pc profit plunge


No, Game Of Thrones Didn't Drive Ed Sheeran Off Twitter


Germany warns against travel to Turkey


Nigeria nabs suspected wives, children of Boko Haram


Pro golf: Dustin Johnson waiting for his No. 1 form to return


New 'Game of Thrones' photos show Daenerys and Tyrion planning something


El Salvador player twists Altidore's nipple, bites shoulder in shocking display


Google Launches 'Personalised Feed Section' in Google App to Beat Social Media


Share this:












 










Hot News 






WhatsApp soon allow watching youtube videos directly in the app

Jul 20, 2017 - 16:04 


The Live Location sharing feature was also spotted on Android beta, hinting that it will make its way to WhatsApp soon. Reportedly, the feature is now only available on iOS, with supported devices including the iPhone 6 and above.





Chipotle Reopening Virginia Store Closed Over Possible Norovirus

Jul 20, 2017 - 16:00 


Just because Chipotle was just hit by another food poisoning scandal doesn't mean you should stop eating at the burrito chain. Elite Daily reached out to Chipotle for comment but did not hear back at time of publication.





HP 2018 Buick Regal GS is a Commuter for the Uncommon

Jul 20, 2017 - 16:00 


The Regal GS also features Buick's Interactive Drive Control wit standard, Sport and GS modes selected via the center console. A three-month trial of an OnStar 4G LTE Wi-Fi hotspot is standard, and an unlimited data plan is available for $20 per month.





Mourinho wants more from United stars

Jul 20, 2017 - 15:44 


"It was because I don't agree with the (red) card because I think their player was really aggressive in the second half". We are doing our best to help them settle".





Tyler, The Creator shares new "Flower Boy" single "I Ain't Got Time"

Jul 20, 2017 - 15:35 


She couldn't think of it. "I wanted Nicki on that shit so fucking bad". I start making weird noises. "I was like, I'm just gonna add a hook".





Game of Thrones director defends Ed Sheeran's cameo

Jul 20, 2017 - 15:31 


So, vote for your favorite and in case we've missed out on your favorite character from the show, tell us in the others section. It looks like all of the women on Game of Thrones are just as exhausted of being undervalued as the viewers are.





Christopher Nolan's 'Dunkirk' builds suspense of war without the gore

Jul 20, 2017 - 15:19 


They include One Direction's Harry Styles , who stars alongside rising stars Fionn Whitehead and Jack Lowden . The film is being screened in cinemas across the country but just one screening will be shown in 70mm.





Man United set to give up pursuit of Tottenham star

Jul 20, 2017 - 15:14 


Manchester United have reportedly ended their pursuit of Tottenham midfielder Eric Dier after failing to convince their Premier League rivals to sell.





Charlize Theron to defy gender norms in 'Atomic Blonde'

Jul 20, 2017 - 14:49 


Theron said the scene was shot in 45 minutes and that filming racy scenes with men was a bit different than working with women. Charlize Theron had the best reaction to Chris Hemsworth's declaration that she should be cast as the next James Bond .





Apple releases iOS 10.3.3, watchOS 3.2.3 updates

Jul 20, 2017 - 14:47 


The vulnerability, known as "Broadpwn" ( CVE-2017-9417 ), was discovered by researcher Nitay Artenstein of Exodus Intelligence. Read on to learn about the new releases and patches from Apple and how they can help your various Apple products.





Unilever sales rise in first half of 2017

Jul 20, 2017 - 14:40 


Underlying sales growth was 3 percent. "In our view, the risk / reward outlook for the shares is now more balanced". Currency fluctuations also helped profits, even though sales "remained weak" in Europe.





Warm weather sees United Kingdom  retail sales rebound in June

Jul 20, 2017 - 14:40 


Online sales increased year-on-year by 15.9% and by 1.8% on the month, accounting for around 16.2% of retail spending. The figures suggest retail sales in the first half were "relatively flat", said ONS statistician Kate Davies.





Jada Pinkett Smith: I was a drug dealer

Jul 20, 2017 - 14:29 


The actress refused to go into more detail, teasing that she would reveal more about it in a future memoir. Jada Pinkett Smith stars in the new movie Girls Trip , which will hit theaters this Friday (July 21).





Lahore high court lifts ban on Indian teleplays

Jul 20, 2017 - 14:28 


What is surprising is the fact that Indian movies were being aired all over the country but were not allowed for television. He also questioned how long such unreasonable restrictions could exist.





Eric Dier No Longer A Manchester United Transfer Target

Jul 20, 2017 - 14:16 


The 23-year-old enjoyed a brilliant campaign for Spurs under Mauricio Pochettino playing in both midfield and defence. Manchester United have ended their attempts to sign midfielder Eric Dier from Premier League rivals Tottenham .











 





 



















Visa Inc. (V) Stake Increased by Schmidt PJ Investment Management Inc



























 
							Samedi, 22 Juillet 2017							
							

Informations de contact 








 

 




Latest news

Venezuela: Opposition appoints parallel Supreme Court
Akshay Kumar urges fans to fight against piracy as 'Toilet
Asus ROG's latest motherboard for Ryzen is loaded with fan headers
United States air raids hit Afghan Taliban after tunnel attack




Main » Visa Inc. (V) Stake Increased by Schmidt PJ Investment Management Inc


Visa Inc. (V) Stake Increased by Schmidt PJ Investment Management Inc
16 Juillet 2017



Investors are sharpening their focus on shares of Visa Inc. (NYSE:V) by 18.9% during the first quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The firm owned 59,030 shares of the credit-card processor's stock after buying an additional 1,912 shares during the period.More notable recent Visa Inc (NYSE:V) news were published by: Gurufocus.com which released: "Randolph Co Inc Buys Visa Inc, Exxon Mobil Corp, National Retail Properties ..." on July 13, 2017, also Bloomberg.com with their article: "Visa Buys Stake in Swedish Financial Technology Company Klarna" published on June 27, 2017, Fool.com published: "Better Buy: American Express vs. Visa" on July 13, 2017.Several institutional investors have recently modified their holdings of the company. REDW Stanley Financial Advisors LLC acquired a new stake in shares of Visa during the fourth quarter worth approximately $245,000. Delta Asset Management LLC TN raised its position in Visa by 2.5% in the first quarter. Leavell Investment Management Inc. now owns 67,959 shares of the credit-card processor's stock valued at $6,040,000 after buying an additional 1,300 shares during the last quarter. Analysts forecast that Visa Inc. will post $3.37 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. Wrapmanager Inc. now owns 12,107 shares of the credit-card processor's stock worth $945,000 after buying an additional 494 shares in the last quarter. Cipher Capital LP purchased a new position in shares of Visa during the fourth quarter valued at about $4,515,000. Beaumont Financial Partners LLC increased its position in Visa by 4.0% in the fourth quarter. CWA Asset Management Group LLC now owns 19,065 shares of the credit-card processor's stock valued at $1,487,000 after buying an additional 4,953 shares in the last quarter. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 83.40% of the company's stock. Visa Inc. has a 12 month low of $73.83 and a 12 month high of $96.60. Hartline Inv has 1.49% invested in Visa Inc (NYSE:V). The stock had a trading volume of 6,195,768 shares. The expected V's profit could reach $1.84 billion giving the stock 30.25 P/E in the case that $0.80 earnings per share is reported. If we take a wider approach, shares have been trading 11.85% away from the 200-day moving average.Visa (NYSE:V) last issued its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, April 20th. The credit-card processor reported $0.86 EPS for the quarter, topping the Thomson Reuters' consensus estimate of $0.79 by $0.07. The firm had revenue of $4.48 billion for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $4.29 billion.
Israel Forces Kill Suspected Palestinian Gunman
Forty Israelis, two USA tourists and a British student have been killed in Palestinian stabbings, shootings and car-rammings. At least 260 Palestinians and one Jordanian citizen have been killed since the violence began.
Shareholders can expect a return on equity of 16.90%. The company's revenue was up 23.5% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter in the previous year, the company posted $0.68 earnings per share.ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: "Scott & Selber Inc". Moreover, Clinton Gp has 0.27% invested in Visa Inc (NYSE:V) for 58,581 shares. If you are reading this report on another domain, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of USA and worldwide copyright & trademark legislation. If you are reading this piece of content on another domain, it was stolen and reposted in violation of U.S. & worldwide trademark & copyright laws. The original version of this story can be viewed at https://www.thecerbatgem.com/2017/07/16/visa-inc-v-shares-bought-by-schmidt-p-j-investment-management-inc-updated-updated.html.Several equities research analysts recently issued reports on the company. Vetr cut Visa from a "hold" rating to a "sell" rating and set a $92.84 price objective for the company.in a report on Monday, June 5th. Jefferies Group LLC reissued a "buy" rating and set a $104.00 price target on shares of Visa in a report on Sunday, June 25th. They set a buy rating and a $115.00 target price on the stock. Four analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating, twenty-nine have given a buy rating and one has issued a strong buy rating to the stock. The stock presently has an average rating of "Buy" and an average price target of $98.75.In related news, Vice Chairman Ellen Richey sold 31,260 shares of the business's stock in a transaction that occurred on Tuesday, April 25th. The shares were sold at an average price of $91.94, for a total value of $2,874,044.40. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available through the SEC website.




Related articles




Eskimos 50/50 jackpot reaches $435K, ticket claimed Saturday


La porte-parole de la France insoumise bientôt chroniqueuse sur C8


Church & Dwight Company Inc




Everton boss Koeman praises board for signing spree




Undeterred by DC Heat Advisory, Women's March Against NRA Begins




Russian Tennis Players Vesnina, Makarova Win Career First Wimbledon Double




No room for negotiation on Doklam standoff, says Chinese state media




Manchester City close to deal for Benjamin Mendy


First Republic Bank misses Street 2Q forecasts




Overwatch is getting a much-needed update to its punishment system




Share !


 



Previous: Millville's Mike Trout returns to Angels' starting lineup
Next: The SunPower Corporation Target of Unusually Large Options Trading (SPWR)







 Advertising
 


 


More news	






Lanning ruled out of South Africa clash





Trump Spent His Trip To France Openly Thirsting Over The President's Wife


Heidrick & Struggles International, Inc. (NASDAQ:HSII) Shares Sold by BB&T Securities LLC





New Jaguar E-Pace breaks barrel roll jump world record


The SunPower Corporation Target of Unusually Large Options Trading (SPWR)





IIT prof accused of sexual harassment





Ferri est optimiste pour le mercato — OL





Millville's Mike Trout returns to Angels' starting lineup





White Sox prospect Zack Burdi likely to have Tommy John surgery





Officers help woman deliver baby on side of road





VIDÉO - "Star Wars 8" : des images inédites dévoilées dans un making-of





Turkey marks year since 'epic' defeat of anti-Erdogan coup


Swiss National Bank Has $2.87 Million Position in Chico's FAS, Inc. (CHS)





10 killed 23 injured in TN as bus collides with truck





Mark Ruffalo: 'A Standalone Hulk Movie Will Never Happen' (Unless...)



 






 






	
    Copyright © 2017 Cote-Ivoire |     All rights reserved.

	
		














﻿






























Schmidt P J Investment Management Inc. Has $2.03 Million Position in Abbott Laboratories (NYSE:ABT) - Stock Observer













































 















 



  
 
  





















Daily Ratings & News for Abbott Laboratories
        	Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Abbott Laboratories with our free daily email newsletter:



 





Follow @StormInvestor







Recent Posts

Schroder Investment Management Group Purchases New Position in Navient Corporation (NAVI)
Schroder Investment Management Group Sells 1,217 Shares of Camden Property Trust (CPT)
J.M. Smucker Company (The) (SJM) Shares Bought by Schroder Investment Management Group
Spinnaker Trust Continues to Hold Position in Yum! Brands, Inc. (YUM)
Victory Capital Management Inc. Acquires 692 Shares of AutoZone, Inc. (AZO)
Victory Capital Management Inc. Raises Position in Fiserv, Inc. (FISV)
Merck & Company, Inc. (NYSE:MRK) Given Buy Rating at Credit Suisse Group
Capital One Financial Corporation (COF) Position Increased by Hugh Johnson Advisors LLC
Marc Benioff Sells 10,000 Shares of Salesforce.com Inc (NYSE:CRM) Stock
Penske Automotive Group, Inc. (NYSE:PAG) Price Target Lowered to $50.00 at Morgan Stanley
SG Americas Securities LLC Sells 5,756 Shares of Randgold Resources Limited (GOLD)
AR Asset Management Inc. Maintains Stake in Reynolds American Inc (NYSE:RAI)
Bank of Hawaii Corporation (BOH) Stake Boosted by SG Americas Securities LLC
Analysts Expect Eldorado Resorts, Inc. (ERI) Will Announce Quarterly Sales of $410.35 Million
Ringcentral, Inc. (NYSE:RNG) Price Target Raised to $45.00 at Oppenheimer Holdings, Inc.
Ascent Capital Group, Inc. (NASDAQ:ASCMA) Expected to Post Earnings of -$1.90 Per Share
Somewhat Favorable Press Coverage Likely to Impact Triangle Capital Corporation (TCAP) Share Price
Servotronics (SVT) Getting Somewhat Favorable Press Coverage, Report Shows
Northwest Bancshares (NWBI) Getting Somewhat Positive Media Coverage, Analysis Finds
Calgon Carbon Corporation (NYSE:CCC) Expected to Post Earnings of $0.14 Per Share



 


Schmidt P J Investment Management Inc. Has $2.03 Million Position in Abbott Laboratories (NYSE:ABT)

					Posted by Geri Gentry on Jul 11th, 2017 // No Comments 



Schmidt P J Investment Management Inc. cut its stake in shares of  Abbott Laboratories (NYSE:ABT) by 2.8% during the first quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The institutional investor  owned 45,652 shares of the healthcare product maker’s stock after selling 1,307 shares during the period. Schmidt P J Investment Management Inc.’s holdings in Abbott Laboratories were worth $2,027,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. 
A number of other institutional investors have also recently added to or reduced their stakes in ABT. Cypress Capital Management LLC WY increased its stake in  Abbott Laboratories by 37.9% in the first quarter. Cypress Capital Management LLC WY now owns 2,531 shares of the healthcare product maker’s stock valued at $112,000 after buying an additional 696 shares in the last quarter.  Feltz Wealth PLAN Inc. acquired a new stake in  Abbott Laboratories during the first quarter valued at approximately $112,000.  Advantage Investment Management LLC acquired a new stake in  Abbott Laboratories during the fourth quarter valued at approximately $120,000.  First Command Financial Services Inc. increased its stake in  Abbott Laboratories by 10.2% in the first quarter. First Command Financial Services Inc. now owns 2,787 shares of the healthcare product maker’s stock valued at $124,000 after buying an additional 257 shares in the last quarter.  Finally, Menora Mivtachim Holdings LTD. acquired a new stake in  Abbott Laboratories during the fourth quarter valued at approximately $129,000. 71.10% of the stock is currently owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. 


 Get Abbott Laboratories alerts:



Shares of Abbott Laboratories (NYSE ABT) opened at 48.23 on Tuesday. Abbott Laboratories has a 12-month low of $37.38 and a 12-month high of $49.59. The stock has a market capitalization of $83.69 billion, a P/E ratio of 50.19 and a beta of 1.07. The firm’s 50-day moving average is $46.26 and its 200 day moving average is $43.65. 




Abbott Laboratories (NYSE:ABT) last issued its quarterly earnings results on Wednesday, April 19th. The healthcare product maker reported $0.48 earnings per share for the quarter, topping analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.43 by $0.05. Abbott Laboratories had a return on equity of 14.91% and a net margin of 6.74%. The company had revenue of $6.34 billion for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $6.16 billion. During the same quarter in the prior year, the company posted $0.41 EPS. The business’s revenue for the quarter was up 29.7% compared to the same quarter last year.  On average, equities research analysts forecast that  Abbott Laboratories will post $2.47 EPS for the current fiscal year. 
The company also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Tuesday, August 15th. Stockholders of record on Friday, July 14th will be issued a dividend of $0.265 per share. The ex-dividend date is Wednesday, July 12th. This represents a $1.06 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 2.20%. Abbott Laboratories’s payout ratio is 110.42%. 
TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: “Schmidt P J Investment Management Inc. Has $2.03 Million Position in Abbott Laboratories (NYSE:ABT)” was originally  posted by Stock Observer and is owned by of Stock Observer. If you are accessing this piece on another domain, it was stolen and republished in violation of United States and international copyright laws. The correct version of this piece can be viewed at https://www.thestockobserver.com/2017/07/11/schmidt-p-j-investment-management-inc-decreases-position-in-abbott-laboratories-abt-updated-updated.html. 
Several research firms have issued reports on ABT. Royal Bank of Canada  restated a “buy” rating on shares of Abbott Laboratories in a report on Monday, May 15th. Jefferies Group LLC  restated a “buy” rating and set a $55.00 price target on shares of Abbott Laboratories in a report on Friday, June 16th. BTIG Research initiated coverage on shares of Abbott Laboratories in a research note on Wednesday, June 21st. They issued a “buy” rating and a $56.00 price objective for the company. Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of Abbott Laboratories from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $53.00 price objective for the company in a research note on Wednesday, June 14th. Finally, BMO Capital Markets lowered shares of Abbott Laboratories from an “outperform” rating to a “market perform” rating and set a $48.00 price objective for the company. in a research note on Tuesday, March 14th. Three research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating, twelve have given a buy rating and one  has assigned  a strong buy rating to the stock. The stock presently has an average rating of “Buy” and a consensus target price of $52.07.
In other news, insider Stephen R. Fussell sold 196,550 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction on Thursday, June 8th. The stock was sold at an average price of $46.00, for a total transaction of $9,041,300.00. Following the completion of the sale, the insider now directly owns 221,488 shares in the company, valued at approximately $10,188,448. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which is available at this link. Also, insider Jared Watkin sold 552 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction on Thursday, June 15th. The stock was sold at an average price of $47.97, for a total value of $26,479.44. Following the sale, the insider now owns 47,090 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $2,258,907.30. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Over the last 90 days, insiders have sold 206,902 shares of company stock valued at $9,497,761. Insiders own  0.76% of the company’s stock. 
About Abbott Laboratories
Abbott Laboratories is engaged in the discovery, development, manufacture and sale of a range of healthcare products. The Company operates through four segments: Established Pharmaceutical Products, Diagnostic Products, Nutritional Products and Vascular Products. Its Established Pharmaceutical Products include a range of branded generic pharmaceuticals manufactured around the world and marketed and sold outside the United States.







Receive News & Ratings for Abbott Laboratories Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Abbott Laboratories and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 



 























Latest News




Schroder Investment Management Group Sells 1,217 Shares of Camden Property Trust 





Schroder Investment Management Group Purchases New Position in Navient Corporation 





Spinnaker Trust Continues to Hold Position in Yum! Brands, Inc. 





J.M. Smucker Company   Shares Bought by Schroder Investment Management Group





Victory Capital Management Inc. Acquires 692 Shares of AutoZone, Inc. 





Victory Capital Management Inc. Raises Position in Fiserv, Inc. 






Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name  (Required) 



Mail (will not be published)  (Required) 



Website








 


 

 


















































Schmidt P J Investment Management Inc Buys Schneider National Inc, Walt Disney Co, iShares Core ... - Nasdaq.com











































































Hot Topics:
ETFs |
Smart Portfolio |
Currencies |
Online Broker Center















Search










































Schmidt P J Investment Management Inc Buys Schneider National Inc, Walt Disney Co, iShares Core ...


July 20, 2017, 05:38:01 PM EDT
By insider, GuruFocus









































Shutterstock photo


Schmidt P J Investment Management IncNew Purchases: SNDR , ADBE , EXPE , JPM, PCLN, TRU, ABC,Added Positions:DIS, IJH, IEFA, IJR, C, AMGN, ENB, UNP, RTN, ADI,Reduced Positions:NKE, PM, D, XOM, WBA, GIS, T, AAPL, AMT, DD,Sold Out:CELG, YUMC,For the details of SCHMIDT P J INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT INC's stock buys and sells, go to http://www.gurufocus.com/StockBuy.php?GuruName=SCHMIDT+P+J+INVESTMENT+MANAGEMENT+INCThese are the top 5 holdings of SCHMIDT P J INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT INCSchneider National Inc ( SNDR ) - 1,687,625 shares, 11.56% of the total portfolio. New PositioniShares Core S&P 500 ( IVV ) - 38,226 shares, 2.85% of the total portfolio. Shares added by 0.53%Microsoft Corp ( MSFT ) - 125,981 shares, 2.66% of the total portfolio. Shares added by 1.51%Johnson & Johnson ( JNJ ) - 63,656 shares, 2.58% of the total portfolio. Shares reduced by 0.79%Apple Inc ( AAPL ) - 58,034 shares, 2.56% of the total portfolio. Shares reduced by 1.58%New Purchase: Schneider National Inc ( SNDR )Schmidt P J Investment Management Inc initiated holdings in Schneider National Inc. The purchase prices were between $18.4 and $22.12, with an estimated average price of $19.72. The stock is now traded at around $20.39. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 11.56%. The holdings were 1,687,625 shares as of 2017-06-30.New Purchase: Expedia Inc (EXPE)Schmidt P J Investment Management Inc initiated holdings in Expedia Inc. The purchase prices were between $124.97 and $154.43, with an estimated average price of $140. The stock is now traded at around $154.81. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.07%. The holdings were 1,602 shares as of 2017-06-30.New Purchase: TransUnion (TRU)Schmidt P J Investment Management Inc initiated holdings in TransUnion. The purchase prices were between $37.97 and $44.44, with an estimated average price of $41.36. The stock is now traded at around $45.02. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.07%. The holdings were 5,322 shares as of 2017-06-30.New Purchase: Adobe Systems Inc (ADBE)Schmidt P J Investment Management Inc initiated holdings in Adobe Systems Inc. The purchase prices were between $129.05 and $145.41, with an estimated average price of $136.74. The stock is now traded at around $149.95. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.07%. The holdings were 1,520 shares as of 2017-06-30.New Purchase: JPMorgan Chase & Co (JPM)Schmidt P J Investment Management Inc initiated holdings in JPMorgan Chase & Co. The purchase prices were between $82.15 and $91.15, with an estimated average price of $86.23. The stock is now traded at around $91.42. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.07%. The holdings were 2,335 shares as of 2017-06-30.New Purchase: The Priceline Group Inc (PCLN)Schmidt P J Investment Management Inc initiated holdings in The Priceline Group Inc. The purchase prices were between $1738.77 and $1911.13, with an estimated average price of $1831.37. The stock is now traded at around $1999.49. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.07%. The holdings were 123 shares as of 2017-06-30.Added: Walt Disney Co (DIS)Schmidt P J Investment Management Inc added to the holdings in Walt Disney Co by 25.15%. The purchase prices were between $103.94 and $115.84, with an estimated average price of $109.62. The stock is now traded at around $107.36. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.23%. The holdings were 34,939 shares as of 2017-06-30.Added: iShares Core MSCI EAFE (IEFA)Schmidt P J Investment Management Inc added to the holdings in iShares Core MSCI EAFE by 70.23%. The purchase prices were between $57.34 and $62.76, with an estimated average price of $60.33. The stock is now traded at around $62.40. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.17%. The holdings were 21,204 shares as of 2017-06-30.Sold Out: Yum China Holdings Inc (YUMC)Schmidt P J Investment Management Inc sold out the holdings in Yum China Holdings Inc. The sale prices were between $27.2 and $41.7, with an estimated average price of $35.89.Sold Out: Celgene Corp (CELG)Schmidt P J Investment Management Inc sold out the holdings in Celgene Corp. The sale prices were between $114.41 and $134.31, with an estimated average price of $122.44.Reduced: PayPal Holdings Inc (PYPL)Schmidt P J Investment Management Inc reduced to the holdings in PayPal Holdings Inc by 22.25%. The sale prices were between $42.49 and $54.39, with an estimated average price of $48.98. The stock is now traded at around $59.14. The impact to the portfolio due to this sale was -0.04%. Schmidt P J Investment Management Inc still held 8,736 shares as of 2017-06-30.DIS 15-Year Financial DataThe intrinsic value of DISPeter Lynch Chart of DISPremium MembersThis article first appeared on GuruFocus .



The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc.











This article appears in:
Investing                           
                            
                                , Stocks





Referenced Symbols:

                                        SNDR
                                    
, 

                                        IVV
                                    
, 

                                        MSFT
                                    
, 

                                        JNJ
                                    
, 

                                        AAPL
                                    












More from GuruFocus



Subscribe




Warren Buffett: I could make you 50% a year on $1 million
This Powerful Chart Made Peter Lynch 29% A Year For 13 Years
A Strategy Ben Graham Used for 30 Years














Related Stocks Articles




Subscribe







Did Japan's Casino Dreams Just Vanish?


						7/22/2017 08:44 AM
					



How to Save Thousands on Your Next Car


						7/22/2017 08:23 AM
					



These Companies Could Win Big at the Emmys


						7/22/2017 08:20 AM
					














Contributor:GuruFocus
Stock Picks, Portfolios



Follow on:

























Most Popular




Highest Rated








Microsoft Corporation Q4 Profit Advances 40%
Iraq plans to sell us dollar bond deal in coming weeks - sources
Petro River Makes Oil Discovery in Kern County, California
U.S. shale oil output seen up for eighth month at 5.6 mln bpd -EIA
XPO Logistics Announces Public Offering of Common Stock







Merck and Pfizer Collaborate with Corning to Modernize ...
Chipotle: The Bull Case For Queso
Lockheed Martin Invests in contextere to Transform the Future of Work...
PetIQ, Inc. (Nasdaq: PETQ) to Ring The Nasdaq Stock Market Opening...
Morgan Stanley chooses Frankfurt as EU hub post Brexit - source




View All Highest Rated






















Research Brokers before you trade



		Compare Online Brokers
	


Want to trade FX?



		Visit our Forex Broker Center 
	
















Find a Credit Card



                    Select a credit card product by:
                


 Card Type
 Credit Score
 Card Issuer



                    Select an offer:
                





0% APR Credit CardsAirline Credit CardsBalance Transfer Credit CardsBusiness Credit CardsCash Back Credit CardsCharge CardsCharge Cards for BusinessEMV Smart ChipsGas Cards & Auto RewardsHome Improvement Rewards Credit CardsInstant Approval Credit CardsLow Interest Credit CardsNo Annual Fee Credit CardsNo Foreign Transaction Fee Credit CardsPoints Rewards Credit CardsPrepaid & Debit CardsReward Credit CardsStudent Credit CardsTop 10 Best Credit Card Deals and Offers




Bad CreditCredit Quality AverageCredit Quality ExcellentCredit Quality FairCredit Quality GoodLimited or No Credit HistoryPersonal Loans




American ExpressAmerican Express Airline CardsAmerican Express Business CardsAmerican Express Cash Back Credit CardsAmerican Express Charge CardsBarclaycardCapital OneCapital One Cash BackCapital One Fair CreditCapital One MilesCapital One PointsCapital One Prepaid Credit CardsChaseCiti Credit CardsDiscoverDiscover CashbackDiscover MilesDiscover Student Credit CardsMasterCard Credit CardsU.S. BankUSAAUSAA SavingsVisa Credit Cards







Search





Data Provided by BankRate.com






Stocks

Referenced





SNDR








0%



Rate It





IVV








100%



Rate It





MSFT








84%



Rate It





JNJ








83%



Rate It





AAPL








86%



Rate It































CLOSEX

Edit Favorites

Enter up to 25 symbols separated by commas or spaces in the text box below. These symbols will be available during your session for use on applicable pages.






Update

Clear List







CLOSEX
Customize your NASDAQ.com experience
Background Color Selector

Select the background color of your choice:





 Black
							





 Slate Gray
							






 Light Gray
							





 Gray Blue
							






Quote Search

Select a default target page for your quote search:



						 Real-Time

						 After Hours

						 Pre-Market
 News
					


						 Flash Quote

						 Summary Quote

						 Interactive Charts

						 Default Setting




					Please note that once you make your selection, it will apply to all future visits to NASDAQ.com.
					If, at any time, you are interested in reverting to our default settings, please select Default Setting above.
					
					If you have any questions or encounter any issues in changing your default settings, please email isfeedback@nasdaq.com.
				





CLOSEX
Please confirm your selection:

					You have selected to change your default setting for the Quote Search. This will now be your default target page;
					unless you change your configuration again, or you delete your
					cookies. Are you sure you want to change your settings?


YES
NO













CLOSEX


Please disable your ad blocker (or update your settings to ensure that javascript and cookies are enabled), so that we can continue to provide you with the first-rate market news and data you've come to expect from us.





CLOSEX

















































Colgate-Palmolive Company (NYSE:CL) Stock Price, News & Analysis






















    























































































Colgate-Palmolive Company Company Profile (NYSE:CL)



  






Company Profile



Analyst Ratings



Earnings History



Earnings Estimates



Dividend History



Insider Trade



Headlines



Social Media



Chart






About Colgate-Palmolive Company (NYSE:CL)
Colgate-Palmolive Company (Colgate) is a consumer products company. The Company operates in two product segments: Oral, Personal and Home Care, and Pet Nutrition. The Oral, Personal and Home Care product segment is operated through five geographic segments, which include North America, Latin America, Europe, Asia Pacific and Africa/Eurasia. The Company's oral care products include Colgate Total, Colgate Sensitive Pro-Relief, Colgate Max Fresh and Colgate Optic White. The Company is also engaged in various product categories of the personal care market with operations in liquid hand soap, which it sells under the Palmolive, Protex and Softsoap brands. The Company manufactures and markets a range of products for the home care market, including Palmolive and Ajax dishwashing liquids, Fabuloso and Ajax household cleaners and Murphy's Oil Soap. The Company, through its Hill's Pet Nutrition segment (Hill's), manufactures pet nutrition products for dogs and cats. 


Industry, Sector and Symbol:

Sector: Consumer Staples
Industry: Personal Products - NEC
Sub-Industry: Household Products
Symbol: NYSE:CL
CUSIP: 19416210
Web: www.colgatepalmolive.com

Capitalization:Market Cap: $63.67657 billionOutstanding Shares: 883,292,000Average Prices:50 Day Moving Avg: $74.80200 Day Moving Avg: $72.2052 Week Range: $63.43 - $77.27


P/E:Trailing P/E Ratio: 26.44Foreward P/E Ratio: 23.26P/E Growth: 3.04Sales & Book Value:Annual Revenue: $15.2 billionPrice / Sales: 4.26Book Value: ($0.35) per sharePrice / Book: -209.34Dividend:Annual Dividend: $1.60Dividend Yield: 2.2%


Profitability:EBIDTA: $4.43 billionNet Margins: 16.31%Return on Equity: 3,725.55%Return on Assets: 20.54%Debt:Debt-to-Equity Ratio: -1,293.20%Current Ratio: 1.21%Quick Ratio: 0.89%Misc:Average Volume: 3.41 million shs.Beta: 0.8Short Ratio: 1.97

 

Frequently Asked Questions for Colgate-Palmolive Company (NYSE:CL)
What is Colgate-Palmolive Company's stock symbol?

Colgate-Palmolive Company trades on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) under the ticker symbol "CL."



How often does Colgate-Palmolive Company pay dividends? What is the dividend yield for Colgate-Palmolive Company?

Colgate-Palmolive Company declared a quarterly dividend on Thursday, June 8th. Investors of record on Tuesday, July 18th will be paid a dividend of $0.40 per share on Tuesday, August 15th. This represents a $1.60 annualized dividend and a yield of 2.18%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Friday, July 14th.  View Colgate-Palmolive Company's Dividend History.



How were Colgate-Palmolive Company's earnings last quarter?

Colgate-Palmolive Company (NYSE:CL) posted its quarterly earnings results on Friday, July, 21st. The company reported $0.72 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, hitting the Zacks' consensus estimate of $0.72. The firm had revenue of $3.83 billion for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $3.89 billion. Colgate-Palmolive Company had a return on equity of 3,725.55% and a net margin of 16.31%. The firm's quarterly revenue was down .5% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter in the previous year, the business posted $0.70 earnings per share.  View Colgate-Palmolive Company's Earnings History.



Where is Colgate-Palmolive Company's stock going? Where will Colgate-Palmolive Company's stock price be in 2017?

13 brokers have issued 12-month target prices for Colgate-Palmolive Company's stock. Their forecasts range from $68.00 to $80.00. On average, they expect Colgate-Palmolive Company's share price to reach $74.73 in the next twelve months. View Analyst Ratings for Colgate-Palmolive Company.



What are analysts saying about Colgate-Palmolive Company stock?

Here are some recent quotes from research analysts about Colgate-Palmolive Company stock: 
1. According to Zacks Investment Research, "Colgate has outperformed the broader sector over the past six months. The company has been witnessing enhanced margins for a while now, driven by cost-savings from the funding-the-growth and 2012 Restructuring Program. Also, better pricing and emerging market growth have boosted performance amid a tough macro environment. This was evident from the earnings beat reported in first-quarter 2017. Further, Colgate-Palmolive’s growth strategy has been largely guided by innovation and in-store implementation, enabling it to capture market share across all reagions and categories. However, the company's sales trend remains soft due to currency woes. Management expects adverse currency and a tough global environment to impact 2017 results, as reflected by its outlook. Nonetheless, organic sales are expected to improve sequentially throughout the year. Also, Colgate’s shareholder-friendly moves are noteworthy." (7/4/2017)
2. Jefferies Group LLC analysts commented, "Late Tues. (5/16), the NY Post reported that CL Chair/CEO Ian Cook recently told investors he would consider selling the company for $100/share (~19.5x EV/EBITDA). While we have no knowledge of any potential M&A or the specific accuracy of this report, this strikes us as a reasonable price (for both a potential buyer and for CL as sellers). We view JNJ as the most likely acquirer, followed by ULVR and KHC/3G. Valuation remains nearly full, reit. $76 PT, Hold. CL CEO/Chairman Ian Cook reportedly would consider selling for $100/share: Late Tuesday, the NY Post reported the Ian Cook, Colgate’s Chairman and CEO, recently signaled he would be open to selling the company… for $100/share", while at a meeting with institutional investors. The Post further noted recent speculation the CL is being stalked by" Unilever and pointed to activist Nelson Peltz’s stake in P&G as a potential spark for sector consolidation." (5/17/2017)
3. B. Riley analysts commented, "Colgate (CL) reported 4Q16 EPS of $0.75 vs. $0.73, in line with consensus and $0.01 below our estimate.  Op. profit of $1,038MM (+2% YoY) fell short of consensus of $1,071MM.  Organic sales were +1.5% (+4.6% exp.), with organic volume -1%'this was only the second quarter since 2002 with an organic volume decline for CL.  Volume was impacted by the India demonetization and a distributor issue in Africa/ Eurasia; organic volume was up in only one of the six segments.  CL expects organic sales +4% in 2017, and cut EPS guidance from up double-digits to up low-single digits, due to FX and lower category growth rates.  We are lowering our 2017E/2018E EPS by $0.20 each to $2.90/$3.20 and our PT from $78.00 to $74.00, based on 23x 2018E EPS of $3.20.  While 3% EPS growth in 2017 looks achievable (even conservative), we are concerned by how much marketing investment, and competitive 'catching up,' is implied.  If interest rates go higher in 2017, staples stocks may have a tough time outperforming, but we view Procter & Gamble (PG; Buy; $106.00 PT) as more attractive than CL, because PG's organic sales growth is driving higher toward 3%, while CL's has been decelerating.  As the gap continues to narrow between CL's and PG's organic sales growth rates, we think investors will become increasingly attracted to PG.  The two stocks' valuations are similar on EV-to-EBITDA." (1/29/2017)




Who are some of Colgate-Palmolive Company's key competitors?

 Some companies that are related to Colgate-Palmolive Company include Unilever plc (ULVR), Unilever NV (UN), Unilever PLC (UL), Estee Lauder Companies, Inc. (The) (EL), Herbalife LTD. (HLF), Energizer Holdings (EPC), Nu Skin Enterprises (NUS), Avon Products (AVP), USANA Health Sciences (USNA), PZ Cussons plc (PZC), Nautilus Group, Inc. (The) (NLS), Swallowfield plc (SWL) and Litebulb Group Ltd (LBB).



Who are Colgate-Palmolive Company's key executives?

Colgate-Palmolive Company's management team includes the folowing people: Ian M. Cook, Chairman of the Board, President, Chief Executive OfficerDaniel B. Marsili, Chief Human Resource OfficerJohn J. Huston, Senior Vice President - Chief of StaffPatricia Verduin Ph.D., Chief Technology OfficerMukul V. Deoras, Chief Marketing OfficerVictoria L. Dolan, Chief Transformation Officer, Corporate ControllerDelia H. Thompson, Chief Investor Relations OfficerMakarand Karnataki, Company Secretary and Compliance OfficerJennifer M. Daniels, Chief Legal Officer and SecretaryCharles A. Bancroft, Independent Director



Who owns Colgate-Palmolive Company stock?

Colgate-Palmolive Company's stock is owned by a number of of institutional and retail investors. Top institutional investors include Alecta Pensionsforsakring Omsesidigt (0.32%), Jarislowsky Fraser Ltd (0.25%), Marathon Asset Management LLP (0.17%), Confluence Investment Management LLC (0.15%), APG Asset Management N.V. (0.13%) and US Bancorp DE (0.11%). Company insiders that own Colgate-Palmolive Company stock include Daniel B Marsili, Delano E Lewis, Delia H Thompson, Dennis J Hickey, Ellen M Hancock, Fabian T Garcia, Franck J Moison, Ian M Cook, Jennifer Daniels, John J Huston, John T Cahill, Justin Skala, Mukul Deoras, Noel R Wallace, Patricia Verduin, Richard J Kogan, Stephen I Sadove and Victoria L Dolan. View Institutional Ownership Trends for Colgate-Palmolive Company.



Who sold Colgate-Palmolive Company stock? Who is selling Colgate-Palmolive Company stock?

Colgate-Palmolive Company's stock was sold by a variety of institutional investors in the last quarter, including First Quadrant L P CA, DnB Asset Management AS, Cullinan Associates Inc., State of Alaska Department of Revenue, US Bancorp DE, Jarislowsky Fraser Ltd, Exxonmobil Investment Management Inc. TX and Douglas Lane & Associates LLC. Company insiders that have sold Colgate-Palmolive Company stock in the last year include Daniel B Marsili, Ellen M Hancock, Franck J Moison, Jennifer Daniels, John J Huston, Noel R Wallace, Patricia Verduin, Richard J Kogan and Stephen I Sadove. View Insider Buying and Selling for Colgate-Palmolive Company.



Who bought Colgate-Palmolive Company stock? Who is buying Colgate-Palmolive Company stock?

Colgate-Palmolive Company's stock was purchased by a variety of institutional investors in the last quarter, including Marathon Asset Management LLP, Fisher Asset Management LLC, Mn Services Vermogensbeheer B.V., Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management LLP, Aperio Group LLC, Vicus Capital, National Pension Service and Factory Mutual Insurance Co..  View Insider Buying and Selling for Colgate-Palmolive Company.



How do I buy Colgate-Palmolive Company stock? 

Shares of Colgate-Palmolive Company can be purchased through any online brokerage account. Popular online brokerages include Vanguard Brokerage Services, TD Ameritrade, E*TRADE, Scottrade, Fidelity and Charles Schwab. 



What is Colgate-Palmolive Company's stock price today?

One share of Colgate-Palmolive Company stock can currently be purchased for approximately $73.27.


MarketBeat Community Rating for Colgate-Palmolive Company (NYSE CL)Community Ranking:  1.2 out of 5 ()Outperform Votes:  187 (Vote Outperform)Underperform Votes:  581 (Vote Underperform)Total Votes:  768MarketBeat's community ratings are surveys of what our community members think about Colgate-Palmolive Company and other stocks. Vote "Outperform" if you believe the stock will outperform the S&P 500 over the long term. Vote "Underperform" if you believe the stock will underperform the S&P 500 over the long term. You may vote once every thirty days.


Analyst Ratings
Consensus Ratings for Colgate-Palmolive Company (NYSE:CL) (How are Consensus Ratings Calculated?) MarketBeat calculates consensus ratings using the most recent rating from each brokerage that has rated a stock within the last twelve months. Since brokers often use different ratings systems, each rating is normalized to a standardized rating score of 1 (sell), 2 (hold), 3 (buy) or 4 (strong buy). Consensus ratings scores are calculated using the mean average of the number of normalized sell, hold, buy and strong buy ratings. Each stock's consensus rating is derived from its calculated consensus ratings score (0-1.5 = Sell, 1.5-2.5 = Hold, 2.5-3.5 = Buy, >3.5 = Strong Buy). MarketBeat's consensus price targets are a mean average of the most recent available price targets set by each analyst that has set a price target for the stock in the last twelve months.MarketBeat will no longer include ratings and price target data in its consensus calculation if a broker drops coverage and MarketBeat has received a report that coverage was dropped. Ratings from certain research firms that issue ratings using purely quantitative methods (such as Zacks, Vetr and ValuEngine) are not included in consensus calculations. MarketBeat's consensus ratings and consensus price targets may differ from those calculated by other firms due to differences in methodology and available data.Ratings Breakdown: 11 Hold Ratings, 2 Buy RatingsConsensus Rating:Hold (Score: 2.15)Consensus Price Target: $74.73 (1.99% upside)

Analysts' Ratings History for Colgate-Palmolive Company (NYSE:CL)

Show:  
Only the Most Recent Rating From Each Brokerage
All Ratings For This Stock


DateFirmActionRatingPrice TargetImpact on Share PriceDetails7/6/2017Jefferies Group LLCBoost Price TargetHold$76.00 -> $77.00Low6/30/2017Royal Bank Of CanadaReiterated RatingHold$74.00Low5/31/2017Bank of America CorporationBoost Price TargetBuy$78.00 -> $80.00Low4/7/2017Citigroup Inc.Reiterated RatingNeutral$75.00 -> $76.00Low3/21/2017J P Morgan Chase & CoInitiated CoverageNeutral -> Neutral$77.00Low2/21/2017BNP ParibasUpgradeNeutral -> OutperformN/A2/18/2017Barclays PLCSet Price TargetHold$75.00N/A2/3/2017B. RileyReiterated RatingNeutral$74.00N/A1/30/2017Stifel NicolausLower Price TargetHold$75.00 -> $70.00N/A1/25/2017Berenberg BankInitiated CoverageHold$68.00N/A11/15/2016Wells Fargo & CompanyReiterated RatingMarket PerformN/A9/8/2016KeyCorpInitiated CoverageSector WeightN/A7/29/2016Exane BNP ParibasDowngradeOutperform -> NeutralN/A7/24/2016Deutsche Bank AGReiterated RatingHold$73.00 -> $75.00N/A7/15/2016Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (The)Reiterated RatingNeutral$74.00 -> $76.00N/A6/1/2016Atlantic SecuritiesInitiated CoverageOverweightN/A4/29/2016Morgan StanleyReiterated RatingHoldN/A2/26/2016Sterne Agee CRTDowngradeBuy -> NeutralN/A1/29/2016Canaccord GenuityReiterated RatingHold$66.50N/A11/26/2015ArgusUpgradeHold -> BuyN/A11/4/2015Societe GeneraleBoost Price TargetHold$68.00 -> $71.00N/A11/2/2015S&P Equity ResearchReiterated RatingHold$69.00N/A(Data available from 7/22/2015 forward)


Earnings
Earnings History for Colgate-Palmolive Company (NYSE:CL)Earnings History by Quarter for Colgate-Palmolive Company (NYSE CL)DateQuarterConsensus EstimateActual EPSRevenue EstimateActual RevenueRelease LinkConference CallDetails7/21/2017Q2 2017$0.72$0.72$3.89 billion$3.83 billionViewN/A4/28/2017Q1 17$0.66$0.67$3.80 billion$3.76 billionViewN/A1/27/2017Q416$0.75$0.75$3.87 billion$3.72 billionViewN/A10/27/2016Q316$0.73$0.73$3.94 billion$3.87 billionViewListen7/28/2016Q216$0.69$0.70$3.86 billion$3.85 billionViewListen4/28/2016Q116$0.63$0.63$3.76 billion$3.76 billionViewListen1/29/2016Q415$0.72$0.73$3.94 billion$3.90 billionViewListen10/30/2015Q315$0.72$0.72$4.08 billion$4.00 billionViewListen7/30/2015Q215$0.70$0.70$4.07 billion$4.07 billionViewListen4/30/2015Q115$0.66$0.66$4.06 billion$4.07 billionViewN/A1/29/2015Q414$0.75$0.76$4.24 billion$4.22 billionViewN/A10/24/2014Q314$0.75$0.76$4.44 billion$4.38 billionViewListen7/31/2014Q214$0.73$0.73$4.41 billion$4.35 billionViewN/A4/25/2014Q114$0.68$0.68$4.32 billion$4.33 billionViewN/A1/31/2014Q413$0.74$0.75$4.40 billion$4.36 billionViewN/A10/24/2013Q313$0.73$0.73$4.46 billion$4.40 billionViewN/A7/25/2013Q2 2013$0.70$0.70$4.39 billion$4.35 billionViewN/A4/25/2013Q1 2013$1.32$1.32$4.30 billion$4.32 billionViewN/A1/31/2013Q4 2012$1.40$1.41$4.31 billion$4.29 billionViewN/A10/25/2012$1.39$1.38ViewN/A7/26/2012$1.33$1.33ViewN/A4/26/2012$1.24$1.24ViewN/A1/26/2012$1.30$1.30ViewN/A10/27/2011$1.30$1.31ViewN/A7/28/2011$1.25$1.26ViewN/A4/28/2011$1.16$1.16ViewN/A1/27/2011$1.23$1.24ViewN/A(Data available from 1/1/2011 forward)


Estimates
Earnings Estimates for Colgate-Palmolive Company (NYSE:CL)2017 EPS Consensus Estimate: $3.00QuarterNumber of EstimatesLow EstimateHigh EstimateAverage EstimateQ1 20174$0.66$0.69$0.67Q2 20174$0.72$0.77$0.74Q3 20174$0.74$0.80$0.77Q4 20174$0.78$0.85$0.82Q1 20181$0.77$0.77$0.77Q2 20181$0.86$0.86$0.86Q3 20181$0.86$0.86$0.86(Data provided by Zacks Investment Research)


Dividends
Current Dividend Information for Colgate-Palmolive Company (NYSE:CL)Next Dividend:8/15/2017Annual Dividend:$1.60Dividend Yield:2.18%Dividend Growth:5.20% (3 Year Average)Payout Ratio:57.76% (Trailing 12 Months of Earnings)  54.98% (Based on This Year's Estimates)50.79% (Based on Next Year's Estimates)Track Record:53 Years of Consecutive Dividend GrowthDividend History by Quarter for Colgate-Palmolive Company (NYSE CL)AnnouncedPeriodAmountYieldEx-Dividend DateRecord DatePayable Date6/8/2017quarterly$0.402.11%7/14/20177/18/20178/15/20173/9/2017quarterly$0.402.15%4/19/20174/21/20175/15/20171/12/2017quarterly$0.392.37%1/19/20171/23/20172/15/20179/8/2016quarterly$0.392.2%10/20/201610/24/201611/15/20166/9/2016quarterly$0.392.16%7/20/20167/22/20168/15/20163/10/2016quarterly$0.392.28%4/20/20164/22/20165/16/20161/14/2016quarterly$0.382.4%1/21/20161/25/20162/16/20169/10/2015quarterly$0.382.45%10/21/201510/23/201511/16/20156/11/2015quarterly$0.382.29%7/21/20157/23/20158/14/20152/19/2015quarterly$0.382.16%4/21/20154/23/20155/15/20151/8/2015quarterly$0.362.1%1/21/20151/23/20152/16/20159/10/2014quarterly$0.362.24%10/15/201410/17/201411/14/20146/12/2014quarterly$0.362.12%7/16/20147/18/20148/15/20143/13/2014quarterly$0.362.26%4/17/20144/22/20145/15/20141/9/2014quarterly$0.342.09%1/22/20141/24/20142/14/20149/12/2013quarterly$0.342.29%10/18/201310/22/201311/15/20136/20/2013quarterly$0.342.39%7/19/20137/23/20138/15/20133/7/2013quarterly$0.682.35%4/19/20134/23/20135/15/20131/10/2013quarterly$0.622.32%1/22/20131/24/20132/15/2013(Data available from 1/1/2013 forward)


Insider Trades
Insider Trading and Institutional Ownership History for Colgate-Palmolive Company (NYSE:CL)Insider Ownership Percentage: 1.02%Institutional Ownership Percentage: 73.50%Insider Trades by Quarter for Colgate-Palmolive Company (NYSE:CL)Transaction DateInsider NameTitleBuy/SellNumber of SharesAverage Share PriceTotal TransactionDetails7/17/2017Patricia VerduinInsiderSell3,833$72.41$277,547.53  6/15/2017Patricia VerduinInsiderSell3,833$75.67$290,043.11  5/10/2017John J HustonSVPSell14,000$71.53$1,001,420.00  5/8/2017Richard J KoganDirectorSell8,000$71.92$575,360.00  4/17/2017Daniel B MarsiliVPSell14,000$73.97$1,035,580.00  4/17/2017Patricia VerduinInsiderSell3,833$73.72$282,568.76  2/3/2017Stephen I SadoveDirectorSell8,000$66.00$528,000.00  1/17/2017Patricia VerduinInsiderSell3,833$65.99$252,939.67  1/9/2017Jennifer DanielsInsiderSell868$66.62$57,826.16  12/15/2016Patricia VerduinInsiderSell3,834$65.66$251,740.44  12/13/2016Jennifer DanielsInsiderSell7,072$66.78$472,268.16  10/17/2016Patricia VerduinInsiderSell3,834$72.39$277,543.26  9/15/2016Patricia VerduinInsiderSell3,834$71.85$275,472.90  8/11/2016Franck J MoisonCOOSell15,000$75.16$1,127,400.00  8/10/2016John J HustonSVPSell14,000$74.93$1,049,020.00  8/10/2016Richard J KoganDirectorSell8,000$74.66$597,280.00  8/8/2016Stephen I SadoveDirectorSell8,803$74.28$653,886.84  8/2/2016Ellen M HancockDirectorSell4,584$74.82$342,974.88  8/2/2016Noel R WallaceCOOSell78,849$74.69$5,889,231.81  7/15/2016Patricia VerduinCTOSell3,666$74.98$274,876.68  6/15/2016Patricia VerduinCTOSell3,666$72.19$264,648.54  5/16/2016Patricia VerduinCTOSell3,666$71.59$262,448.94  5/11/2016Ellen M HancockDirectorSell4,566$71.85$328,067.10  5/11/2016John J HustonVPSell14,000$72.23$1,011,220.00  5/11/2016Justin SkalaCOOSell89,200$72.17$6,437,564.00  5/9/2016Noel R WallaceCOOSell8,931$72.06$643,567.86  5/5/2016Delia H ThompsonVPSell40,000$72.08$2,883,200.00  5/3/2016John T CahillDirectorSell16,000$72.30$1,156,800.00  5/3/2016Noel R WallaceCOOSell60,000$72.16$4,329,600.00  5/3/2016Victoria L DolanVPSell19,334$71.76$1,387,407.84  4/15/2016Patricia VerduinCTOSell3,666$70.83$259,662.78  3/8/2016Delia H ThompsonVPSell1,698$67.36$114,377.28  3/8/2016Dennis J HickeyCFOSell5,420$67.36$365,091.20  3/8/2016Franck J MoisonCOOSell6,661$67.36$448,684.96  3/8/2016Ian M CookCEOSell25,238$67.36$1,700,031.68  3/8/2016Mukul DeorasCMOSell1,325$67.36$89,252.00  3/8/2016Noel R WallaceInsiderSell5,238$67.36$352,831.68  3/8/2016Patricia VerduinCTOSell1,953$67.36$131,554.08  2/17/2016Dennis J. HickeyCFOSell50,697$67.05$3,399,233.85  2/16/2016Fabian T. GarciaCOOSell145,000$65.72$9,529,400.00  2/16/2016Patricia VerduinCTOSell3,666$66.58$244,082.28  2/11/2016John J. HustonVPSell14,000$64.89$908,460.00  2/10/2016Richard J. KoganDirectorSell8,000$66.27$530,160.00  2/5/2016Delano E LewisDirectorSell200$65.92$13,184.00  1/15/2016Patricia VerduinCTOSell3,666$62.37$228,648.42  1/11/2016Jennifer DanielsInsiderSell837$62.85$52,605.45  8/14/2015Ellen M HancockDirectorSell3,637$67.89$246,915.93  6/15/2015Daniel B MarsiliVPSell14,000$65.65$919,100.00  6/15/2015Patricia VerduinCTOSell3,333$65.64$218,778.12  5/15/2015Delano E LewisDirectorSell6,023$68.51$412,635.73  4/15/2015Daniel B MarsiliVPSell14,000$69.93$979,020.00  4/15/2015Patricia VerduinCTOSell3,333$69.89$232,943.37  3/9/2015Dennis J HickeyCFOSell18,224$69.49$1,266,385.76  3/9/2015Fabian T GarciaCOOSell10,137$69.49$704,420.13  3/9/2015Noel R WallaceInsiderSell6,638$69.49$461,274.62  3/9/2015Patricia VerduinCTOSell2,828$69.49$196,517.72  3/9/2015Victoria L DolanVPSell2,834$69.49$196,934.66  2/10/2015Ellen M HancockDirectorSell4,011$69.38$278,283.18  2/10/2015John J HustonVPSell14,000$69.19$968,660.00  2/5/2015Delano E LewisDirectorSell9,226$69.05$637,055.30  1/27/2015Andrew D HendryVice ChairmanSell10,000$65.29$652,900.00  1/15/2015Patricia VerduinCTOSell3,333$68.66$228,843.78  12/23/2014Andrew D HendryVice ChairmanSell10,000$70.39$703,900.00  12/15/2014Patricia VerduinCTOSell3,333$68.65$228,810.45  11/25/2014Andrew D HendryVice ChairmanSell10,000$67.94$679,400.00  11/25/2014Larisa HarrisonDirectorBuy2,000$0.29$570.0011/17/2014Patricia VerduinCTOSell3,333$67.48$224,910.84  11/11/2014Andrew D HendryVice ChairmanSell10,000$68.46$684,600.00  10/29/2014Nigel BurtonCMOSell2,323$65.89$153,062.47  10/28/2014Andrew D HendryVice ChairmanSell10,000$66.32$663,200.00  9/23/2014Andrew D HendryVice ChairmanSell10,000$65.50$655,000.00  9/15/2014Patricia VerduinCTOSell3,337$64.27$214,468.99  9/9/2014Andrew D HendryVice ChairmanSell10,000$63.52$635,200.00  8/18/2014Delia H ThompsonVPSell40,000$64.75$2,590,000.00  8/18/2014Justin SkalaInsiderSell41,525$64.52$2,679,193.00  8/8/2014Franck J MoisonCOOSell24,888$64.73$1,611,000.24  8/5/2014Franck J MoisonCOOSell41,654$63.91$2,662,107.14  7/22/2014Andrew D HendryVice ChairmanSell10,000$68.73$687,300.00  7/15/2014Daniel B MarsiliVPSell15,500$69.71$1,080,505.00  7/10/2014Patricia VerduinCTOSell2,291$69.66$159,591.06  7/8/2014Andrew D HendryVice ChairmanSell10,000$68.64$686,400.00  6/24/2014Andrew D HendryVice ChairmanSell10,000$67.72$677,200.00  6/16/2014Daniel B MarsiliVPSell15,500$67.59$1,047,645.00  6/10/2014Andrew D HendryVice ChairmanSell6,000$68.57$411,420.00  5/27/2014Andrew D HendryVice ChairmanSell6,000$66.90$401,400.00  5/15/2014Patricia VerduinCTOSell2,000$66.86$133,720.00  5/13/2014Andrew HendryVice ChairmanSell6,000$67.25$403,500.00  5/13/2014Delano LewisDirectorSell2,100$67.19$141,099.00  5/13/2014Dennis HickeyCFOSell51,352$67.18$3,449,827.36  5/12/2014Daniel MarsiliVPSell15,500$67.37$1,044,235.00  5/7/2014Stephen FogartyInsiderSell11,000$67.23$739,530.00  5/2/2014Ronald MartinVPSell3,000$67.13$201,390.00  5/1/2014Delano LewisDirectorSell5,000$67.07$335,350.00  5/1/2014Fabian GarciaCOOSell122,000$67.04$8,178,880.00  4/22/2014Andrew HendryVice ChairmanSell6,000$66.89$401,340.00  4/15/2014Patricia VerduinCTOSell2,000$66.09$132,180.00  4/8/2014Andrew HendryVice ChairmanSell6,000$65.03$390,180.00  3/17/2014Patricia VerduinCTOSell2,000$64.06$128,120.00  2/28/2014Stephen FogartyInsiderSell12,000$63.10$757,200.00  1/28/2014Andrew HendryVice ChairmanSell6,000$62.31$373,860.00  12/24/2013Andrew HendryVice ChairmanSell6,000$64.80$388,800.00  12/16/2013Patricia VerduinCTOSell2,000$64.14$128,280.00  10/29/2013Michael CorboVPSell15,770$65.00$1,025,050.00  10/29/2013Nigel BurtonCMOSell19,862$65.51$1,301,159.62  10/29/2013Stephen J FogartyInsiderSell12,000$65.67$788,040.00  10/22/2013Andrew D HendryVice ChairmanSell6,000$62.40$374,400.00  10/15/2013Patricia VerduinCTOSell2,000$61.51$123,020.00  10/8/2013Andrew HendryVice ChairmanSell6,000$59.35$356,100.00  9/24/2013Andrew HendryVice ChairmanSell6,000$60.00$360,000.00  9/17/2013Michael CorboVPSell1,108$59.62$66,058.96  9/17/2013Nigel BurtonCMOSell2,015$59.62$120,134.30  9/17/2013Patricia VerduinCTOSell3,649$59.71$217,881.79  9/17/2013Stephen FogartyInsiderSell1,035$59.62$61,706.70  9/10/2013Andrew D HendryVice ChairmanSell6,000$58.79$352,740.00  8/15/2013Franck MoisonCOOSell12,400$60.28$747,472.00  8/15/2013Guillenchmidt Alec DeInsiderSell3,888$60.28$234,368.64  8/15/2013Patricia VerduinCTOSell2,000$60.28$120,560.00  8/12/2013Delia ThompsonVPSell30,950$60.73$1,879,593.50  8/12/2013Stephen FogartyInsiderSell12,000$60.64$727,680.00  8/8/2013Nigel BurtonCMOSell18,667$61.06$1,139,807.02  8/6/2013Elaine PaikVPSell7,141$60.94$435,172.54  8/6/2013Mukul DeorasInsiderSell8,417$60.90$512,595.30  7/31/2013Ronald T MartinVPSell1,800$60.27$108,486.00  7/30/2013Michael CorboVPSell10,000$60.21$602,100.00  7/15/2013Franck J MoisonCOOSell12,400$59.05$732,220.00  7/15/2013Justin SkalaInsiderSell4,822$59.03$284,642.66  7/15/2013Michael CorboVPSell2,000$59.13$118,260.00  6/17/2013Franck J MoisonCOOSell12,400$59.18$733,832.00  6/17/2013Guillenchmidt Alec DeInsiderSell3,888$59.09$229,741.92  6/17/2013Michael CorboVPSell2,000$59.09$118,180.00  6/4/2013Andrew D HendryVice ChairmanSell4,000$58.84$235,360.00  5/21/2013Andrew D HendryVice ChairmanSell6,000$61.63$369,780.00  5/15/2013Franck J MoisonCOOSell6,200$122.66$760,492.00  5/15/2013Guillenchmidt Alec DeInsiderSell1,944$122.66$238,451.04  5/15/2013Michael CorboVPSell1,000$122.66$122,660.00  5/13/2013Rosemary NelsonVPSell14,000$121.00$1,694,000.00  5/10/2013Dennis J HickeyCFOSell64,000$120.54$7,714,560.00  5/7/2013Andrew D HendryVice ChairmanSell6,000$120.37$722,220.00  4/30/2013Nigel BurtonCMOSell80,334$118.68$9,534,039.12  2/26/2013Daniel B MarsiliVPSell12,252$113.66$1,392,562.32  2/26/2013Justin SkalaInsiderSell5,894$113.64$669,794.16  12/4/2012Andrew D HendryVice ChairmanSell6,000$108.00$648,000.00  10/2/2012Andrew D HendryVice ChairmanSell6,000$108.27$649,620.00  9/4/2012Andrew D HendryVice ChairmanSell6,000$106.16$636,960.00  (Data available from 1/1/2013 forward)


Headlines
Headline Trends for Colgate-Palmolive Company (NYSE:CL)


Latest Headlines for Colgate-Palmolive Company (NYSE:CL)


Source:


All Sources
Trusted Sources
MarketBeat.com
Bloomberg
MarketWatch
Motley Fool
NASDAQ
Reuters
Seeking Alpha
The Street
The Wall Street Journal
Yahoo Finance




DateHeadlineColgate Announces 2nd Quarter 2017 Resultsfinance.yahoo.com - July 22 at 4:53 AMColgate (CL) Q2 Earnings in Line, Stock Down on Sales Missfinance.yahoo.com - July 22 at 4:52 AMStocks to Watch: Microsoft, GE, eBay, Capital One, Visafinance.yahoo.com - July 22 at 4:52 AMColgate-Palmolive Slips On Q2 Earningsfinance.yahoo.com - July 22 at 4:52 AMEdited Transcript of CL earnings conference call or presentation 21-Jul-17 3:00pm GMTfinance.yahoo.com - July 22 at 4:52 AMColgate-Palmolive Company (CL) Given Average Rating of "Hold" by Brokerageswww.americanbankingnews.com - July 21 at 6:50 PMColgate-Palmolive Continues To Expect FY Low-single-digit Net Sales Increase - Nasdaqwww.nasdaq.com - July 21 at 6:47 PMColgate-Palmolive's (CL) CEO Ian Cook on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript - Seeking Alphaseekingalpha.com - July 21 at 6:47 PMColgate-Palmolive meets 2Q profit forecastsfinance.yahoo.com - July 21 at 6:47 PMS&P 500, Nasdaq post weekly gains as stock market finishes session lowerfinance.yahoo.com - July 21 at 6:47 PMColgate-Palmolive Company (CL) Announces  Earnings Resultswww.americanbankingnews.com - July 21 at 11:30 AMStock market’s record run set to cool as GE, Colgate-Palmolive report resultswww.marketwatch.com - July 21 at 8:50 AMFY2017 EPS Estimates for Colgate-Palmolive Company (NYSE:CL) Lowered by Analystwww.americanbankingnews.com - July 20 at 10:36 AMInsider Selling: Colgate-Palmolive Company (NYSE:CL) Insider Sells 3,833 Shares of Stockwww.americanbankingnews.com - July 19 at 7:38 PMZacks: Analysts Anticipate Colgate-Palmolive Company (NYSE:CL) to Post $0.72 Earnings Per Sharewww.americanbankingnews.com - July 19 at 4:43 PMWhy Colgate-Palmolive’s Margins May Improve in 2Q17finance.yahoo.com - July 18 at 6:47 PMWill Colgate (CL) Retain Positive Earnings Streak in Q2?finance.yahoo.com - July 17 at 10:38 PMWill Colgate-Palmolive’s Sales Improve in Developed Markets?finance.yahoo.com - July 17 at 5:36 PMTrian's Peltz seeks a seat on board at Procter & Gamblefinance.yahoo.com - July 17 at 5:36 PMHead to Head Survey: Estee Lauder Companies, Inc. (The) (EL) and Colgate-Palmolive Company (NYSE:CL)www.americanbankingnews.com - July 16 at 6:18 PMDividend Stock Analysis: Colgate-Palmolive Co.seekingalpha.com - July 16 at 4:42 PMColgate-Palmolive Company (CL) Scheduled to Post Quarterly Earnings on Fridaywww.americanbankingnews.com - July 14 at 8:06 AMDividend Coverage: This Consumer Products Maker has Consistently Paid Dividend Since 1895; Will Trade Ex-Dividend on July 14, 2017finance.yahoo.com - July 13 at 6:25 PMBetter Dividend Aristocrat: Kimberly-Clark or Colgate-Palmolive?finance.yahoo.com - July 13 at 6:25 PMWhy Colgate-Palmolive Company Stock Is Up 13% in 2017www.fool.com - July 11 at 2:01 PMCould A Kraft Heinz--Unilever Deal Be Back On?finance.yahoo.com - July 10 at 5:16 PMColgate-Palmolive Company Expected to Post Q2 2017 Earnings of $0.72 Per Share (NYSE:CL)www.americanbankingnews.com - July 10 at 7:37 AMAugust 25th Options Now Available For Colgate-Palmolivewww.nasdaq.com - July 6 at 6:28 PMColgate toothpaste has growth opportunity in emerging markets where brushing is rarefinance.yahoo.com - July 6 at 6:28 PMJefferies Group LLC Reiterates Hold Rating for Colgate-Palmolive Company (CL)www.americanbankingnews.com - July 6 at 9:38 AMColgate-Palmolive Webcasts 2017 Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call July 21, 2017 – 11:00 a.m. ETfinance.yahoo.com - July 5 at 5:56 PMZacks Investment Research Upgrades Colgate-Palmolive Company (CL) to "Buy"www.americanbankingnews.com - July 4 at 11:04 AMThese consumer names are set to benefit from India's GST rollout: Nomurafinance.yahoo.com - July 3 at 5:14 PMColgate-Palmolive Co. – Value Analysis (NYSE:CL) : July 3, 2017finance.yahoo.com - July 3 at 5:14 PMColgate-Palmolive Company (CL) Earns "Hold" Rating from Royal Bank Of Canadawww.americanbankingnews.com - July 1 at 7:28 AMColgate-Palmolive Co. breached its 50 day moving average in a Bearish Manner : CL-US : June 30, 2017finance.yahoo.com - June 30 at 5:23 PMOil pioneer Harold Hamm warns fellow producers: Don't drill yourself into oblivionfinance.yahoo.com - June 29 at 6:22 PMWhat Makes Colgate-Palmolive (CL) a Treasured Holding?finance.yahoo.com - June 29 at 6:22 PMOil pioneer Harold Hamm warns fellow producers: Don't drill yourself into oblivionfinance.yahoo.com - June 28 at 5:11 PMColgate-Palmolive Company (CL) Given Consensus Recommendation of "Hold" by Brokerageswww.americanbankingnews.com - June 26 at 6:49 PM Brokerages Anticipate Colgate-Palmolive Company (CL) Will Announce Quarterly Sales of $3.89 Billionwww.americanbankingnews.com - June 25 at 9:42 AMColgate-Palmolive Company (CL) Cut to "Sell" at BidaskClubwww.americanbankingnews.com - June 24 at 7:58 PMZacks: Brokerages Anticipate Colgate-Palmolive Company (CL) Will Announce Earnings of $0.72 Per Sharewww.americanbankingnews.com - June 23 at 12:16 PMInsider Selling: Colgate-Palmolive Company (CL) Insider Sells 3,833 Shares of Stockwww.americanbankingnews.com - June 19 at 7:34 PMPre-Market Technical Recap on Personal Products Stocks -- Procter & Gamble, Avon Products, Colgate Palmolive, and Cotywww.bizjournals.com - June 15 at 6:08 PMLower Sales Could Hurt Colgate-Palmolive’s Profitabilityfinance.yahoo.com - June 15 at 6:07 PMHead to Head Contrast: Colgate-Palmolive Company (CL) vs. Procter & Gamble Company (The) (PG)www.americanbankingnews.com - June 15 at 10:17 AMSlowdown in Developed Markets Is a Concern for Colgate-Palmolivefinance.yahoo.com - June 15 at 3:13 AMHow Colgate-Palmolive Is Performing in Emerging Marketsfinance.yahoo.com - June 14 at 5:10 PMColgate-Palmolive Company (CL) Declares Quarterly Dividend of $0.40www.americanbankingnews.com - June 9 at 1:22 PM


Social





Chart
Colgate-Palmolive Company (CL) Chart for Saturday, July, 22, 2017




This page was last updated on 7/22/2017 by MarketBeat.com Staff














































Pj Schmidt Investment Management Inc                                                                                     - Cedarburg                                         , WI         - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



WI



Cedarburg



Investment Advice



Investment Advisory Service



                            Pj Schmidt Investment Management Inc
                                    



 





















P 


Pj Schmidt Investment Management Inc                                                                                    
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



W62N570 WASHINGTON AVE CEDARBURG, WI 53012
Get Directions



(262) 377-0484
www.pjsinvestment.com                                                                                   





Business Info



 Founded 1982
 Incorporated WI
 Annual Revenue $560,000.00
 Employee Count 6
 Industries Investment Advisory Service
 Contacts Phillip Schmidt                                                                                                         







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Pj Schmidt Investment Management Inc                                                                                     was founded in 1982. The company is located in Cedarburg and incorporated in Wisconsin. Pj Schmidt Investment Management Inc                                                                                     specializes in Investment Advisory Service. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







P

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.



















BBB Business Profile | P.J. Schmidt Investment Management, Inc. | Accreditation




























Home
 > 
Accredited Business Directory
 > 
Investment Advisory Service
 > 
P.J. Schmidt Investment Management, Inc.














BBB Accredited Business Profile






P.J. Schmidt Investment Management, Inc.



Request a Quote

































P.J. Schmidt Investment Management, Inc.






            Business Information
        






(262) 377-0484

P.J. Schmidt Investment Management, Inc.
35 years in business

        W62N570 Washington Ave
        Cedarburg, WI 53012-1926
    




                 WEBSITE
            





                    Fax Numbers
                


                            (262) 375-9250
                        




                    Additional Phone Numbers
                


                            (888) 377-0484
                        




                    Additional Email Addresses
                


                            contact@pjschmidt.com
                        





See Less Contact Options
See More Contact Options





Find a Location






                BBB File Opened: 03/30/2015
            

                Business Started: 12/29/1981


                Business Started Locally: 12/29/1981
            

                Business Incorporated: 12/29/1981 in WI





            Type of Entity
             
            Corporation       
    



            Business Management
        


                    Mr. Patrick Sommerfield, Vice President/Financial Planner
                

                    Mr. Jason S. Lacey, Financial Planner
                

                    Mr. Phillip J. Schmidt, President/Chief Investment Officer
                

                    Mr. Nicholas A. Ziarek, Financial Planner
                






            Business Category
        


                Investment Advisory Service
            




                            Financial Planning Consultants
                        

                            Investment Securities
                        

                            Retirement Planning Service
                        

                            Financial Services
                        

                            Investment Management
                        

                            NAICS: Investment Advice
                        




See More Business Categories
See Less Business Categories








            Service Area
        
         Nationwide

    



            Alternate Business Names
        


                    PJS Investment Management
                







                    Licensing, Bonding or Registration
                
                This business is in an industry that may require professional licensing, bonding or registration. BBB encourages you to check with the appropriate agency to be certain any requirements are currently being met.

                
            



See Less Business Information
See More Business Information


 







BBB Accreditation





                BBB Accredited Since 04/09/2015
            

                BBB has determined that P.J. Schmidt Investment Management, Inc. meets Standards of BBB Accreditation, which include a commitment to make a good faith effort to resolve any consumer complaints. BBB Accredited Businesses pay a fee for accreditation review/monitoring and for support of BBB services to the public.
            

                BBB accreditation does not mean that the business's products or services have been evaluated or endorsed by BBB, or that BBB has made a determination as to the business's product quality or competency in performing services.
            








Standards of BBB Accreditation






Build Trust









            Establish and maintain a positive track record in the marketplace.
        

           An accredited business or organization agrees to:

                   1. Have been operational (actively selling products or services) in any BBB service area for at least the most recent 6 months, unless the principle(s) previously operated a similar business with an eligible record (one that qualifies for BBB accreditation).
                

                   1. Fulfill contracts signed and agreements reached.
                

                   3. Be free from government action that demonstrates a significant failure to support BBB ethical principles in marketplace transactions (this requires a determination by BBB as to the nature of any violation, whether it was caused or condoned by management, and actions taken to resolve underlying issues that led to the government action).
                
4. Be free of an unsatisfactory rating and maintain at least a B rating at the accrediting BBB and the BBB where it is headquartered, if different.

                   5. In its relationship with BBB: 
1. meet all applicable standards within this Code of Business Practices

                            2. cooperate with BBB's activities and efforts to promote voluntary self- regulation within the business' industry
                        
3. honor any settlements, agreements or decisions reached as an outcome of a BBB dispute resolution process

                            4. complete the required application and pay all monetary obligations to BBB in a timely manner
                        









Advertise Honestly









            Adhere to established standards of advertising and selling.
        

            An accredited business or organization agrees to: 

                    1. Follow federal, state/provincial and local advertising laws.
                

                    2. Abide by the BBB Code of Advertising. Supply, upon request, substantiation for advertising and selling claims. Correct advertising and selling practices, when recommended by BBB.
                
3. Adhere to applicable BBB industry codes of advertising.
4. Cooperate with BBB self-regulatory programs for the resolution of advertising disputes.
5. Use the BBB name and logos in accordance with BBB policy.

                    6. Avoid misleading customers by creating the false impression of sponsorship, endorsement, popularity, trustworthiness, product quality or business size through the misuse of logos, trustmarks, pictures, testimonials, or other means
                







Tell the Truth









            Honestly represent products and services, including clear and adequate disclosures of all material terms.
        

            An accredited business or organization agrees to: 

                    1. Make known all material facts in both written and verbal representations, remembering that misrepresentation may result not only from direct statements but by omitting or obscuring relevant facts.
                

                    2. Ensure that any written materials are readily available, clear, accurate and complete.
                







Be Transparent









            Openly identify the nature, location, and ownership of the business, and clearly disclose all policies, guarantees and procedures that bear on a customer's decision to buy.
        

            An accredited business or organization agrees to: 

                    1. Upon request, provide BBB with all information required to evaluate compliance with BBB standards. This may include, but is not limited to business name, address and contact information; names and background of principles; business and banking references; licensing and/or professional accreditation; and a complete description of the nature of the business.
                

                    2. Clearly disclose to customers:

                    
1. direct and effective means to contact the business
2. terms of any written contract
3. any guarantees or warranties accompanying a product

                            4. any restrictions or limitations imposed (e.g. limited supply,maximum number available per customer)
                        
5. the business' return/refund policy

                            6. any recurring commitment into which the customer may be entering, including information on how future billing will occur
                        
7. total cost of the transaction, including tax, shipping and handling, and other related charges



                    3. If selling products or providing services on Web sites or via other electronic means: 
1. provide any required product labeling information

                            2. disclose the nature and terms of shipping, including any known delays or shortages of stock
                        
3. provide an opportunity to review and confirm the transaction before the sale is completed

                            4. provide a receipt summarizing the transaction after the purchase
                        









Honor Promises









            Abide by all written agreements and verbal representations.
        

            An accredited business or organization agrees to: 
1. Fulfill contracts signed and agreements reached. 2. Honor representations by correcting mistakes as quickly as possible.







Be Responsive









            Address marketplace disputes quickly, professionally, and in good faith.
        

            An accredited business or organization agrees to: 

                    1. Promptly respond to all complaints forwarded by BBB by: 
1. Resolving the complaint directly with the complainant and notifying BBB, or

                            2. Providing BBB with a response that BBB determines: 

                                    1. is professional,
                                
2. addresses all of the issues raised by the complainant,
3. includes appropriate evidence and documents supporting the business' position, and

                                    4. explains why any relief sought by the complainant cannot or should not be granted.
                                





                    2. Make a good faith effort to resolve disputes, which includes mediation if requested by BBB. Other dispute resolution options, including arbitration, may be recommended by BBB when other efforts to resolve a dispute have failed. BBB may consider a business' willingness to participate in recommended dispute resolution options in determining compliance with these standards.
                

                    3. Comply with any settlements, agreements or decisions reached as an outcome of a BBB dispute resolution process.
                

                    4. Cooperate with BBB in efforts to eliminate the underlying cause of patterns of customer complaints that are identified by BBB.
                







Safeguard Privacy









            Protect any data collected against mishandling and fraud, collect personal information only as needed, and respect the preferences of customers regarding the use of their information.
        

            An accredited business or organization agrees to: 

                    1. Respect Privacy Businesses conducting e-commerce agree to disclose on their Web site the following: 
1. what information they collect,
2. with whom it is shared,
3. how it can be corrected,
4. how it is secured,

                            5. how policy changes will be communicated, and;
                        
6. how to address concerns over misuse of personal data.



                    2. Secure Sensitive Data Businesses that collect sensitive data online (credit card, bank account numbers, Social Security number, salary or other personal financial information, medical history or records, etc.) will ensure that it is transmitted via secure means.Businesses will make best efforts to comply with industry standards for the protection and proper disposal of all sensitive data, both online and offline.
                    
                

                    3. Honor Customer Preferences

                     Businesses agree to respect customer preferences regarding contact by telephone, fax and e-mail, and agree to remedy the underlying cause of any failure to do so.
                







Embody Integrity









            Approach all business dealings, marketplace transactions and commitments with integrity.
            
        

            An accredited business or organization agrees to:
            
1. Avoid involvement, by the business or its principles, in activities that reflect unfavorably on, or otherwise adversely affect the public image of BBB or its accredited businesses.












BBB Accreditation Reviews

BBB routinely monitors its files on all Accredited Businesses to affirm that they continue to meet all BBB Accreditation Standards











BBB Accreditation Process


        Not every business is eligible for BBB Accreditation. Businesses must meet, commit to and maintain the
        BBB Code of Business Practices (Accreditation Standards) 
        in order to be eligible for and maintain BBB Accreditation. The BBB Code of Business Practices represents sound advertising, selling and customer
        service practices that enhance customer trust and confidence in business. The Code is built on the BBB Standards for Trust, eight principles that
        summarize important elements of creating and maintaining trust in business.
    

        In order to be eligible for Accreditation a business must complete an Accreditation application.        
    

        Upon receipt of a fully completed BBB Application for Accreditation, BBB staff:        
        
Reviews the application
Researches the business
Verifies the information presented in the application 
May request additional information
May request proof of specific information on the application

        After the review and verification process, BBB will then evaluate if the business meets the
        BBB Code of Business Practices (Accreditation Standards)..
    
    
        Once BBB has finished its evaluation, the application for BBB Accreditation is either approved or denied. If the applicant is found in compliance with the BBB Code of Business Practices it will be presented to the BBB Board of Directors, or a committee of that board, for final approval. If the application is denied, BBB will contact the applicant, indicating the BBB Standard(s) that were not met and any recourse available to the applicant.        
    
















P.J. Schmidt Investment Management, Inc.






            BBB Rating Scorecard
        












 




                P.J. Schmidt Investment Management, Inc.
            
BBB ACCREDITATION SINCE 04/09/2015










A+




BBB Rating System Overview














Customer Review Rating:









                        The BBB Customer Review Rating represents the customer's opinion of the business.
                        The Customer Review Rating percentages are based on the total number of positive,
                        neutral, and negative reviews posted.
                    


                        There are NO reviews for this business.Be the first to leave a review!
                    



                        This business has no complaints filed
                    












        Request a Quote
    






Share your experience


Submit a Review


Submit a Complaint












Share




Print









































































×
Claim Your Business


                By claiming your Business Profile, businesses can add custom text or descriptive information about their services, insert company logos, and add photographs for consumers to view.
            

Close










×
AccreditedQuestionModal title


                content
            

Close










×
Customer Rating Modal title


                content
            

Close










×
Score Modal title


                content
            

Close











×
Find a Location







Filter







Close




 


























 



















        
    Investment Advisory Service - Wisconsin Accredited Businesses

    










































Wisconsin Home /
                BBB Accredited Business Directory / 
                Investment Advisory Service



                BBB Accredited Business Directory
            
Businesses you can trust in Wisconsin

Investment Advisory Service








Category 

Category
Business Name







            near
        




  





wisconsin
accredited-business-directory
Auto Search
Auto Location

















Back to Map




Filter results





Are you looking for?


Investment Management


Investment Securities


Investment Seminars


Show More...




by City / Location:


Madison, WI


Milwaukee, WI


Appleton, WI


Green Bay, WI




by Content:


View Listings with Coupons & Special Offers







Results for:
Investment Advisory Service
    
           in Wisconsin







BBB








 





					Advisors Management Group Inc.


505 King St Ste 208 La Crosse, WI 54601
(map)


608-782-0200   




Find us on:












BBB Business Profile



        Request a Quote









BBB








 





					American Financial Services, Inc.


2525 N 124th St Ste 102 Brookfield, WI 53005
(map)


262-786-3200   




Find us on:









BBB Business Profile



        Request a Quote









BBB








 





					Annex Wealth Management, LLC


12700 W Bluemound Rd Ste 200 Elm Grove, WI 53122
(map)


262-786-6363   




Find us on:















BBB Business Profile



        Request a Quote


More















BBB








 





					Associated Bank, N.A.


433 Main St Green Bay, WI 54301
(map)


800-236-7160   




Find us on:
























BBB Business Profile



        Request a Quote









BBB








 





					Capital Financial Group, S.C.


2212 E Moreland Blvd Ste 100 Waukesha, WI 53186
(map)


262-798-1160   






BBB Business Profile



        Request a Quote









BBB








 





					Czukas, McCall & Assoc., Inc.


19265 W Capitol Dr Ste 205 Brookfield, WI 53045
(map)


262-790-9966   






BBB Business Profile









BBB








 





					Drake & Associates, LLC


20855 Watertown Rd, Suite 210  Waukesha, WI 53186
(map)


414-409-7226   




Find us on:


















BBB Business Profile



        Request a Quote









BBB








 





					Ellenbecker Investment Group, Inc.


N35W23877 Highfield Ct. Ste 200 Pewaukee, WI 53072
(map)


262-691-3200   




Find us on:












BBB Business Profile



        Request a Quote









BBB








 





					EvoLogic Investment Advisors, LLC


7038 N. Trenton Rd. West Bend, WI 53090
(map)


920-948-0118   




Find us on:















BBB Business Profile



        Request a Quote









BBB








 





					Financial Strategies, Inc.


13555 Bishops Ct Ste 340 Brookfield, WI 53005
(map)


262-821-1664   






BBB Business Profile



        Request a Quote









BBB








 





					Freedom Wealth Alliance LLC


675 N Barker Rd Ste 220 Brookfield, WI 53045
(map)


262-798-7979   






BBB Business Profile



        Request a Quote









BBB








 





					Golden Sands Financial LLC


720 S Maple Bluff Ct. Stevens Point, WI 54482
(map)


715-344-6300   






BBB Business Profile



        Request a Quote









BBB








 





					Hall Financial Group, LLC


4319 Jeffers Rd Ste 202 Eau Claire, WI 54703
(map)


715-514-2526   






BBB Business Profile



        Request a Quote









BBB








 





					Heritage Financial Partners, LLC


2149 Velp Ave Ste 506 Green Bay, WI 54303
(map)


920-435-8436   




Find us on:









BBB Business Profile



        Request a Quote









BBB








 





					Independent Solutions LLC


5205 N Ironwood Rd Ste 102 Glendale, WI 53217
(map)


414-967-5624   






BBB Business Profile



        Request a Quote









BBB








 





					Infinity Benefit Solutions Inc.


100 E Wisconsin Ave Ste 1500 Milwaukee, WI 53202
(map)


414-271-2887   




Find us on:















BBB Business Profile



        Request a Quote









BBB








 





					Investors Advisory Group, LLC 


N19W24200 Riverwood Dr Ste 150 Waukesha, WI 53188
(map)


262-446-8150   




Find us on:


















BBB Business Profile



        Request a Quote









BBB








 





					ISG Advisors


708 Heartland Trail Suite 1000 Madison, WI 53717
(map)


608-828-3700   




Find us on:















BBB Business Profile



        Request a Quote









BBB








 





					Johnson Bank


14000 W. North Avenue  Brookfield, WI 53005
(map)


262-619-2700   




Find us on:


















BBB Business Profile



        Request a Quote


More















BBB








 





					Keystone Financial


4252 Southtowne Dr Ste D Eau Claire, WI 54701
(map)


715-835-6022   






BBB Business Profile



        Request a Quote









BBB








 





					Klaas Financial Asset Advisors, LLC


5951 McKee Rd, Suite 200 Fitchburg, WI 53719
(map)


608-442-5637   




Find us on:


















BBB Business Profile



        Request a Quote









BBB








 





					Liberty Financial Group, Inc.


700 Pilgrim Pkwy Ste 300 Elm Grove, WI 53122
(map)


262-785-1377   




Find us on:









BBB Business Profile



        Request a Quote









BBB








 





					Mark Kelly L.L.C.


1166 Quail Ct Ste 300 Pewaukee, WI 53072
(map)


262-691-4000   




Find us on:









BBB Business Profile



        Request a Quote









BBB








 





					P.J. Schmidt Investment Management, Inc.


W62N570 Washington Ave Cedarburg, WI 53012
(map)


262-377-0484   




Find us on:















BBB Business Profile



        Request a Quote









BBB








 





					Packerland Brokerage Services, Inc.


432 Security Blvd Green Bay, WI 54313
(map)


920-662-9500   




Find us on:















BBB Business Profile



        Request a Quote









BBB








 





					Provident Financial Consultants, LLC


2391 Enterprise Dr Oshkosh, WI 54904
(map)


920-230-6898   




Find us on:









BBB Business Profile



        Request a Quote









BBB








 





					Reese Financial Management, Inc.


550 Sunrise Dr Ste 104 Spring Green, WI 53588
(map)


608-588-3800   






BBB Business Profile



        Request a Quote









BBB








 





					Regency Wealth Management, LLC


201 S Riverheath WaySte 1400 Appleton, WI 54915
(map)


920-739-5549   






BBB Business Profile



        Request a Quote









BBB








 





					Retirement Advocates, Inc.


6123 Green Bay Rd Ste 210 Kenosha, WI 53142
(map)


262-764-4816   






BBB Business Profile



        Request a Quote









BBB








 





					Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated


777 E. Wisconsin Ave. Milwaukee, WI 53202
(map)


414-765-3500   




Find us on:


















BBB Business Profile



        Request a Quote









BBB








 





					Rose Bertram, LLC


19 E First St Fond Du Lac, WI 54935
(map)


920-922-9720   




Find us on:









BBB Business Profile



        Request a Quote









BBB








 





					Secure Retirement Solutions, LLC


3040 Allied St Ste A Ashwaubenon, WI 54304
(map)


855-347-9888   




Find us on:









BBB Business Profile



        Request a Quote









BBB








 





					Spectrum Investment Advisors, Inc.


6329 W Mequon Rd Mequon, WI 53092
(map)


262-238-4010   




Find us on:












BBB Business Profile



        Request a Quote









BBB








 





					Storm Fischer Investment Group, LLC


16655 W Wisconsin AveSte 105 Brookfield, WI 53005
(map)


262-796-8400   




Find us on:












BBB Business Profile



        Request a Quote









BBB








 





					Summit Credit Union


4800 American Pkwy Madison, WI 53718
(map)


608-243-5000   




Find us on:





















BBB Business Profile



        Request a Quote









BBB








 





					Sumnicht & Associates, LLC 


W6240 Communication CtSte 1 Appleton, WI 54914
(map)


920-731-4455   




Find us on:









BBB Business Profile



        Request a Quote









BBB








 





					The Appleton Group, LLC


100 W Lawrence St Ste 306 Appleton, WI 54911
(map)


920-993-7727   




Find us on:









BBB Business Profile



        Request a Quote









BBB








 





					The Equitable Bank, State Savings Bank


2290 N Mayfair Rd Wauwatosa, WI 53226
(map)


414-476-6434   




Find us on:


















BBB Business Profile



        Request a Quote









BBB








 





					The Financial Advisory Group


2800 E. Enterprise Avenue Appleton, WI 54913
(map)


920-733-1389   




Find us on:









BBB Business Profile



        Request a Quote









BBB








 





					The Skrypchak Group at Morgan Stanley


20975 Swenson Dr Ste 300 Waukesha, WI 53186
(map)


414-256-2351   






BBB Business Profile



        Request a Quote









BBB








 





					Thrivent Financial


4321 N Ballard Rd Appleton, WI 54919
(map)


800-847-4836   




Find us on:















BBB Business Profile



        Request a Quote


More















BBB








 





					Welshire Capital, LLC


1113 Riders Club Rd Onalaska, WI 54650
(map)


608-783-0003   




Find us on:















BBB Business Profile



        Request a Quote









BBB








 





					William J Kalmer CLU, LTD


757 N Broadway Ste 555 Milwaukee, WI 53202
(map)


414-276-9085   






BBB Business Profile



        Request a Quote











Coupon
ShowVendorContent









View Larger Map

















Filter by Business Name





X





















×













×













×













×











×
Request a Quote







email
















SCHMIDT P J INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT INC Top Holdings  

































WhaleWisdom









Search All
Search 13F Filers Only
Search SEC Filer
Search Stocks Only
Search Mgmt Inv. Cos Only
ETFs Only
Search Active




















                      SCHMIDT P J INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT INC
                    

HTTP://PJSINVESTMENT.COM
•   CEDARBURG, WI
                          • Investment Advisor
                      
How do I update this listing?




                                             Schmidt P J Investment Management is based out of Cedarburg. Schmidt P J Investment Management is a large advisory firm with  More than 100 clients and discretionary assets under management (AUM) of $436,473,607 (Form ADV from 2017-03-26).  Their last reported 13F filing for Q2 2017 included $327,542,000 in managed 13F securities
    and a top 10 holdings concentration of 33.0%. Schmidt P J Investment Management's largest holding is Schneidr Nationl with shares held of 1,687,625.  Schmidt P J Investment Management has met the qualifications for inclusion in our WhaleScore system.    WhaleWisdom has at least 74 13F filings in our database for Schmidt P J Investment Management. 
                                           






Equal-WTWhaleScore
?


66
S&P 500WhaleScore
?



Manager WeightedWhaleScore
?















Summary
13F Holdings
Ind. Managers
Inv. Advisor Info
13D/G
Insider (Form 4)
 WhaleScore History



                Download 13F Summary to Excel
              


                    Download 13F Summary to Excel
                  


   Create Email Alert
 




×
Email Notification.







                   ***Log In or
                   Sign-up
                   to see more advanced email alert options such as selecting any type of
                   SEC form, multiple filers or classes of filers, and much more.***
                 

                    ...or to simply have an email sent to you whenever we receive a new
                           13F filing from SCHMIDT P J INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT INC, enter your
                    email address below and choose 'Submit'.
                

Your email:








Cancel















06/30/2017
Top Buys




Name% Change


SNDR
        
        Schneidr Nationl
11.495%



IEFA
        
        iShare Core MSCI EA...
0.137%



EXPE
        
        Expedia Inc. (New)
0.073%



TRU
        
        TransUnion
0.07%



PCLN
        
        Priceline Group Inc
0.07%








06/30/2017
Top Sells





Name% Change


VZ
         
         Verizon Communications
0.533%


SLB
         
         Schlumberger Ltd.
0.49%


AAPL
         
         Apple Inc
0.46%


D
         
         Dominion Resources
0.419%


WBA
         
         Walgreens Boots All...
0.362%







06/30/2017
13F Holdings Summary




Stock% Port


SNDR
                                                  
                                                  Schneidr Nationl
11.4949%


IVV
                                                  
                                                  iShares Trust - Core S&P 50...
2.8329%


MSFT
                                                  
                                                  Microsoft Corp.
2.6441%


JNJ
                                                  
                                                  Johnson & Johnson Co.
2.5641%


AAPL
                                                  
                                                  Apple Inc
2.5449%

See All Holdings






06/30/2017
13F Activity




Market Value
                        $328.424 Million

                        Prior Market Value
                        $281.873 Million
New Purchases8 stocks
Additional Purchases46 stocks
Sold out of2 stocks
Reduced holdings in58 stocks
Top 10 Holdings %32.91%
Turnover %
                        [1]:7.75%
Turnover Alt %
                    [2]:13.60%
Time Held Top20:19.55 quarters
Time Held Top10:7.40 quarters
Time Held All:21.63 quarters

[1]:
                  Turnover is calculated by taking the # of new holdings (initial purchases) + the # of positions sold out of (not just reduced) divided by the total # of holdings for the quarter.
                
[2]:
                  Alt Turnover is calculated by taking either the total MV of new purchases or
                   the MV of securities sold, whichever is less,
                   divided by the total MV of the fund.
                






06/30/2017
13F Sector Allocation Over Time











Fund Metrics

You are limited to the prior 8 quarters of 13F filings.
            Subscribe to WhaleWisdom to view all filing data
            for SCHMIDT P J INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT INC






Portfolio Performance
                    Top 20 equal-weighted holdings. Last updated
                      on 2017-07-20 



Performance
                      for Q1 2017:
                    
0.51%


Performance Last 4 Quarters:
15.91%





Performance Metrics




Stdev (5-yrs):
Subscription required
BETA (5-yrs):
Subscription required
ALPHA (3-yrs):
Subscription required


Sortino (3-yrs):
Subscription required
Stutzer (3-yrs):
Subscription required
Treynor (3-yrs):
Subscription required


Sterling (3-yrs):
Subscription required
Calmar (3-yrs):
Subscription required
Information Ratio (3-yrs):
Subscription required


Tracking Error (3 yrs):

                          Subscription required
                        
Stdev Down (3-yrs):
Subscription required
Winning Months %:
Subscription required


Losing Months %:
Subscription required
Best 12 Months:
Subscription required
Worst 12 Months:

                          Subscription required
                        


Efficiency Ratio (3-yrs):

                          Subscription required
                        
Sharpe:
Subscription required
Stdev Sectors:
Subscription required


Skewness (3-yrs):
Subscription required
Kurtosis (3-yrs):
Subscription required
Upside Potential (3-yrs):
Subscription required





















Backtester

Use WhaleWisdom's Backtester tool to test how a hypothetical portfolio would have performed with different
        investment strategies. Research one or more filers' performance and then optimize their portfolios to match your
        own investment goals.
Start with one of our predefined groups or create your own.
        View the
        Backtesting Whitepaper
        and the Getting Started page for
        additional help.
      



Take a Tour

           Save Changes to Tracked Backtest
Saving......

GENERATE
      REPORT
At least
      one fund must be selected before running a backtest
    
{{InvalidConfiguration()}}


    {{ErrorMessage}}
  

    "Top # Holding(s) by Dollar Value from each fund's holdings"
    and
    "Top # Holding(s) by Percent Ownership from each fund's holdings"
    are not available when using WhaleScore Filers.
  


Backtester

Use WhaleWisdom's Backtester tool to test how a hypothetical portfolio would have performed with different
        investment strategies. Research one or more filers' performance and then optimize their portfolios to match your
        own investment goals.
View the
        Backtesting Whitepaper
        and the Getting Started page for
        additional help.



GENERATE
      REPORT


    {{ErrorMessage}}
  

    "Top # Holding(s) by Dollar Value from each fund's holdings"
    and
    "Top # Holding(s) by Percent Ownership from each fund's holdings"
    are not available when using WhaleScore Filers.
  




Filers Selected: {{groupinfo.group.description}} - {{groupinfo.group.filers.length}}
      (click to edit)


      {{criteria.whalescore.description}}
      (click to edit)


      Filers being chosen based on prior performance
    
Get started by using: 

WhaleWisdom Fund Groups
WhaleScore Filers

One of your custom groups
Choose Filers by Performance
Log in to use your saved groups
Create new custom group



WhaleWisdom Fund Groups


{{g.filers.length}}

{{g.description}}





Use Heat Map Stocks







{{g.filers.length}}

{{g.description}}






< Back

Select WhaleScore Filers:
WhaleScore filers are chosen based on scores calculated the previous quarter.


Pro Sub. Required

{{o.description}}






< Back

Select Filers by Prior Performance
Filers are selected each quarter based on their prior performance. You can restrict which
      filers are included by using the filters below.



          Pro subscription required to select filers by performance
        


How do you want funds chosen?




Maximum Filers to use each quarter

            

(your subscription allows up to {{Limit}} filers):
Maximum number of filers
              to use exceeed
Maximum filers must set to
              at least 1




Quarterly turnover %






% top 10 concentration






 # of Holdings in 13F
              Portfolio
from:
            
            to
            
{{criteria.filer_performance.holdings_from_to[0]}} - {{criteria.filer_performance.holdings_from_to[1]}}


 Market Cap of Fund's 13F
              Portfolio
from:
            
            to
            

                                                      {{format_number(criteria.filer_performance.mc_from_to[0])}} - {{format_number(criteria.filer_performance.mc_from_to[1])}}
                                                    


 Avg. Time Held Top 10 (quarterly)
from:
            
            to
            

                                                                {{criteria.filer_performance.time_held_top10_from_to[0]}} quarters - {{criteria.filer_performance.time_held_top10_from_to[1]}} quarters
                                                              





Matching filers from latest quarter:
{{FilerPerformanceMatches}}






< Back
{{groupinfo.group.filers.length}}




Backtest options
Optional Stock Filters
Optional Hedging/Advanced



< Back


How do you want stocks selected when rebalancing?  


{{s.description}}
          


5
10
20
30
40
50


 (Pro sub. required)



        "Top # Holding(s) by Dollar Value from each fund's holdings"
        and
        "Top # Holding(s) by Percent Ownership from each fund's holdings"
        are not available when using WhaleScore Filers.
      


(optional) Minimum # of funds holding stock

(optional) Minimum percent of portfolio for each fund


Custom Weight Per Fund (scale of 1 through 10)


{{filer.name}}





Reset Weight



Specify the number of holdings to use



          {{s.description}}
        

          ** Holdings greater than 20 require a Pro level subscription to use. **
        




How do you want available funds allocated among stocks?  








< Back



Restrict Stocks Selected by Stock Market Cap Size?


 {{cap.name}}
                              




Stock Exclusions
Do not include stocks whose price exceeds:

Do not include stocks whose price is less:

Do not include any of the following tickers:
                                                          (comma separated)






ETF Filter
 ETF Holdings Only

 Exclude ETFs


ADR Filter *Pro Only*
 Foreign ADR Only

 Exclude ADRs





Limit Stock Selection to Certain Sectors or Industries? Restrict stocks to those in the selected sector or industry







< Back




Hedging Strategies

Simple Short Exposure. This strategy effectively shorts the S&P 500 by
        buying shares in the S&P 500 Short ETF.
        Simple Hedging will assume that 100%
        of the backtest's invested principal is always in the backtest's long positions.

        For example, if you choose a 25% hedging rate, then for a $10,000 portfolio,
        you will be long $10,000 and have a $2,500 short on the S&P 500.
        The short position will adjust each rebalancing period to match 25% of the total portfolio.
        Any gains/losses from the short are added to the overall available capital for the long positions in the
        portfolio.
      

Moving Average Hedge.  With this strategy, your portfolio will be hedged
        by shorting the S&P 500 whenever your long portfolio's performance drops below the monthly moving average.
        So if you set a 25% hedge, 25% of your long portfolio will be sold and the funds reallocated to the short
        whenever the hedge is in effect.
        Once your long portfolio performance goes back over the moving average, the short hedge will be removed
        and the funds from the short will be reallocated to your long positions.
      

        When hedging strategies are being used, backtests can only go back as far as 2006.  This is the date
        the S&P 500 Short ETF first appeared.
      

        Pro subscription required to use hedging strategies
      
Hedging Strategy:

      

No Hedging

          Short-Exposure Hedge
        

          Moving Average Hedge
        

Moving Average Months:


Moving Average Target:
                   

Your backtested portfolio
S&P 500 TR Index
Russell 2K TR Index

the moving average that will determine when hedging is on or off

Hedging %:
      

25%
50%
75%
100%



Stock Sell Buffer

      You can optionally include a stock sell buffer in your backtesting model.
      It works by keeping a stock in your portfolio even when it would otherwise drop out
      during rebalancing as long as it remains within your sell buffer threshold.
      For example, you are backtesting with the top 20 stocks each quarter and set a sell buffer of 50.
      In the first quarter, AAPL is one of the top 20 stocks and is included in the portfolio.
      In quarter 2, AAPL drops down to number 25. Without the sell buffer, AAPL would drop out
      for that quarter, but since it is still within the sell buffer threshold of 50,
      it will remain in the portfolio.
      Your portfolio size remains the same. The stocks that would have fallen out stay in and the
      stocks that would otherwise have been added stay out. Using the sell buffer may
      help produce a lower turnover rate.
    

      Sell Buffer Size (must be greater than # of holdings in portfolio to work):
      
No sell buffer
10
25
35
50
100




Rebalancing Frequency

      By default backtester rebalances quarterly using new 13F filing data. You can
      adjust the rebalancing frequency using the dropdown below. Reasons for
      changing the frequency include lower turnover and possible tax advantages
      by keeping stocks at least one year before selling.
    


        Do not rebalance after each quarter

or rebalance:
        
Every quarter (default)
 Every other quarter
 Once a year




How many days after the end-of-quarter date before doing the backtest? (0 - 60) 

DAYS





      Or use day whenever the filing was submitted to the SEC
      (or the last filing when using a group of funds):
Starting Quarter

      By default backtester will test your strategy using all available dates going back to 2001 (for subscribers only).
      You can optionally adjust when the backtest actually starts.
    
Starting Quarter:
      
All Available Dates


  Ending Quarter:
      
All Available Dates






GENERATE
      REPORT





Backtest Results:



Download Backtest Data to Excel
Downloading.  Please wait.....


Start Tracking This Backtest
Saving......


                                    Stop tracking this backtest
                                  
Log in to start tracking this backtest



No report has been run






                                {{s.description}}
                              

Configure Moving Averages


As of 2017-07-21








Want to backtest using all available 13F history?
      As a non-subscriber you are limited to the past two years of filing data.
        Subscribe now and backtest using 13F holdings data as
        far back as 2001.
      








 
YTD
1Y
2Y
3Y
5Y
7Y
10Y
Total Return
Annualized
Std Dev
Sortino



Whale(s)
Unhedged Portfolio

{{starting_record.yearly_entries[starting_record.yearly_entries.length-1][3]*100|number}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(starting_record,1)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(starting_record,2)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(starting_record,3)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(starting_record,5)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(starting_record,7)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(starting_record,10)| number:2}}%
{{starting_record.performance*100|number}}%
{{starting_record.annualized_performance*100|number}}%
{{starting_record.standard_deviation*100.0|number}}%
{{starting_record.sortino|number}}


Hedged Portfolio
{{hedged_matrix.yearly_entries[hedged_matrix.yearly_entries.length-1][3]*100|number}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(hedged_matrix,1)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(hedged_matrix,2)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(hedged_matrix,3)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(hedged_matrix,5)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(hedged_matrix,7)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(hedged_matrix,10)| number:2}}%
{{hedged_matrix.performance*100|number}}%
{{hedged_matrix.annualized_performance*100|number}}%
{{hedged_matrix.standard_deviation*100.0|number}}%
{{hedged_matrix.sortino|number}}


{{chart.comparison_index.description}}
{{chart.comparison_index.yearly_entries[chart.comparison_index.yearly_entries.length-1][3]*100|number}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(chart.comparison_index,1)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(chart.comparison_index,2)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(chart.comparison_index,3)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(chart.comparison_index,5)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(chart.comparison_index,7)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(chart.comparison_index,10)| number:2}}%
{{chart.comparison_index.performance*100|number}}%
{{chart.comparison_index.annualized_performance*100|number}}%
{{chart.comparison_index.standard_deviation*100.0|number}}%
{{chart.comparison_index.sortino|number}}









                          Current Holdings Rebalanced on {{results.ending_period.start_date}}
                          Click the "Download Backtest Data to Excel" link above to see all stock activity


                          Stock prices used are the "total returns" stock price and will include
                          dividends, spinoffs, splits, and other adjustments.  Because of this, stock
                          prices shown here will likely not
                          match a stock's actual closing stock price on the same date.
                        





Stock Name
% of Portfolio
Avg Price Per Share(total returns price)
Total Returnas of 2017-07-21
Original Purchase Date



            								                  {{transaction.ticker}}
            								               {{transaction.stock_name}}

Sold All
{{transaction.percent_of_portfolio*100.0|number:2}}

{{transaction.avg_price|currency}}


                                ${{starting_record.hedging_gain|number:2}}
                              

                                {{GetTransactionTotalReturn(transaction)|number:2}}%
                                                            

{{transaction.original_purchase_date}}


{{results.ending_period.hedge.stock_name}}

{{transaction.avg_price|currency}}

                              {{GetTransactionTotalReturn(results.ending_period.hedge)|number:2}}%
                            

                              {{results.ending_period.hedge.original_purchase_date}}
                            


*** Currently using {{ending_hedged_transaction.stock_name}} ***

{{ending_hedged_transaction.avg_price|currency}}

                                                        {{GetTransactionTotalReturn(ending_hedged_transaction)|number:2}}%
                                                      

                                                        {{ending_hedged_transaction.original_purchase_date}}
                                                      









Ending Sector Allocation

















































Quarter to view:

Current Combined 13F/13D/G
Q2 2017 13F Filings 
Q1 2017 13F Filings 
Q4 2016 13F Filings 
Q3 2016 13F Filings 
Q2 2016 13F Filings 
Q1 2016 13F Filings 
Q4 2015 13F Filings 
Q3 2015 13F Filings 
Q2 2015 13F Filings 
Q1 2015 13F Filings subscription required
Q4 2014 13F Filings subscription required
Q3 2014 13F Filings subscription required
Q2 2014 13F Filings subscription required
Q1 2014 13F Filings subscription required
Q4 2013 13F Filings subscription required
Q3 2013 13F Filings subscription required
Q2 2013 13F Filings subscription required
Q1 2013 13F Filings subscription required
Q4 2012 13F Filings subscription required
Q3 2012 13F Filings subscription required
Q2 2012 13F Filings subscription required
Q1 2012 13F Filings subscription required
Q4 2011 13F Filings subscription required
Q3 2011 13F Filings subscription required
Q2 2011 13F Filings subscription required
Q1 2011 13F Filings subscription required
Q4 2010 13F Filings subscription required
Q3 2010 13F Filings subscription required
Q2 2010 13F Filings subscription required
Q1 2010 13F Filings subscription required
Q4 2009 13F Filings subscription required
Q3 2009 13F Filings subscription required
Q2 2009 13F Filings subscription required
Q1 2009 13F Filings subscription required
Q4 2008 13F Filings subscription required
Q3 2008 13F Filings subscription required
Q2 2008 13F Filings subscription required
Q1 2008 13F Filings subscription required
Q4 2007 13F Filings subscription required
Q3 2007 13F Filings subscription required
Q2 2007 13F Filings subscription required
Q1 2007 13F Filings subscription required
Q4 2006 13F Filings subscription required
Q3 2006 13F Filings subscription required
Q2 2006 13F Filings subscription required
Q1 2006 13F Filings subscription required
Q4 2005 13F Filings subscription required
Q3 2005 13F Filings subscription required
Q2 2005 13F Filings subscription required
Q1 2005 13F Filings subscription required
Q4 2004 13F Filings subscription required
Q3 2004 13F Filings subscription required
Q2 2004 13F Filings subscription required
Q1 2004 13F Filings subscription required
Q4 2003 13F Filings subscription required
Q3 2003 13F Filings subscription required
Q2 2003 13F Filings subscription required
Q1 2003 13F Filings subscription required
Q4 2002 13F Filings subscription required
Q3 2002 13F Filings subscription required
Q2 2002 13F Filings subscription required
Q1 2002 13F Filings subscription required
Q4 2001 13F Filings subscription required
Q3 2001 13F Filings subscription required
Q2 2001 13F Filings subscription required
Q1 2001 13F Filings subscription required



                      Refresh
                    
 Advanced Export
Download CSV
Download Excel (.xlsx)
Download TSV







                               Click to See Additional Filters
                              



Security Types:




                  Shares


                  Calls


                  Puts


                  Principal

Changes in Holdings:

 New Position
Added to Position
Reduced Position
Closed Out Position
No Change



Ranking is in the top:



Minimum # of shares:



Stock ticker: 



Is ETF?
YesNo



                                      Refresh
                                    








Edit Columns


*Shares are split adjusted
		






×
Report an error






Your name (optional):


Your email (optional):


Error to report or any other comments(required):













                









Cancel





 Click here to report any possible errors with this listing.





13F Filings Available:



                            2017-06-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2017-03-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2016-12-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2016-09-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2016-06-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2016-03-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2015-12-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2015-09-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2015-06-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2015-03-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2014-12-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2014-09-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2014-06-30 - 13F-HR/A
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2014-06-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2014-03-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2013-12-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2013-09-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2013-06-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2013-03-31 - 13F-HR/A
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2013-03-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2012-12-31 - 13F-HR/A
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2012-12-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2012-09-30 - 13F-HR/A
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2012-09-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2012-06-30 - 13F-HR/A
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2012-06-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2012-03-31 - 13F-HR/A
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2012-03-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2011-12-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2011-09-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2011-06-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2011-03-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2010-12-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2010-09-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2010-06-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2010-03-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2009-12-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2009-09-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2009-06-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2009-03-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2008-12-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2008-09-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2008-06-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2008-03-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2007-12-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2007-09-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2007-06-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2007-03-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2006-12-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2006-09-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2006-06-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2006-03-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2005-12-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2005-09-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2005-06-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2005-03-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2004-12-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2004-09-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2004-06-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2004-03-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2004-03-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2003-12-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2003-09-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2003-06-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2003-03-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2002-12-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2002-09-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2002-06-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2002-03-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2001-12-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2001-09-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2001-06-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2001-03-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          






×
CSV Export Module



      This will schedule a job to export all requested 13f holdings data for this filer.
      When completed, an email will be sent to the email address you specify
      containing a link to download the .zip file of the CSV file(s) you requested.
    



Output Type


             Output all 13f holdings into a single CSV file
             

              Output all 13f holdings into separate CSV files per quarter
              



Columns to include


Filer Name
Stock Name
Stock Ticker
Quarter Date
Type of Security
Current Shares Held
Current Market Value
Previous Shares Held
Previous Market Value
Current % of Portfolio
Previous % of Portfolio
Current Rank
Previous Rank
Change in Shares
Type of Change
Sector




13F Quarters to include


2017-06-30
2017-03-31
2016-12-31
2016-09-30
2016-06-30
2016-03-31
2015-12-31
2015-09-30
2015-06-30




Email Address to send data to








Cancel
Schedule Export







View Last Form Adv Compilation Report on Record

PJS INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT
 
W62 N570 WASHINGTON AVENUE


CEDARBURG
WI
            
        53012
Country: United States


          Business Phone:
          262-377-0484
Fax:
              262-375-9250


Professional Investment Advisor Data

SEC Registration as :

Large Advisory Firm
      


Form of Organization:
Corporation 


Organized in:
WI


Number of employees:
11


Other Business Activities:



Advisor Fees/Compensation:
Percentage of assets under management



        Amount of client funds and securities:
      




            Total Number of Clients:
          




            Amount of client funds and securities by related persons:
          




                Total Number of clients from related persons:
              



Disclosures:




HTTP://PJSINVESTMENT.COM


    Data above was derived from SEC filings.
  



Schedule 13D and 13G events since 06/30/2017

Subscription required



 
Form 4 - Non-derivative Insider Transactions Since 06/30/2017
Loading...




WhaleScore history for SCHMIDT P J INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT INC
You must have a subscription to view WhaleScore histories








Elevate your investments
Try it for free




























Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft









Investment Management  | BNY Mellon Wealth Management



    Investment Management Exceptional Capabilities; Talented Investment Professionals  Share this page 


   
   Investment Management Spanning all asset classes, our investment approach applies thoughtful market insights to deliver enhanced after-tax, total portfolio returns while minimizing risk. We leverage the vast resources of BNY Mellon's institutional investment organization to provide you unparalleled access to one of the world's largest and best recognized asset managers in a way that best suits your investment needs. 

While our investment capabilities are exceptional, they gain even greater strength when strategically combined within a portfolio. Our strategic asset allocation expertise, overall approach to investment architecture and thoughtful, objective-driven management help to ensure you receive the investment advice and solutions that best serve your goals.     Want to learn more?  Contact us today and we will connect you with an advisor who can tell you more about our Investment Management expertise.  Contact Us      Solutions  Asset AllocationStrategic ArchitectureObjective-Driven InvestingLiquidity ManagementMulti-Asset-Class Strategies Across Global Boutiques    
      Contact Us Want to know more?  Put our expertise to work on your behalf. Submit our short Contact Us form and we'll get in touch with you.       Contact Us 
 












Investment Management  | BNY Mellon Wealth Management



    Investment Management Exceptional Capabilities; Talented Investment Professionals  Share this page 


   
   Investment Management Spanning all asset classes, our investment approach applies thoughtful market insights to deliver enhanced after-tax, total portfolio returns while minimizing risk. We leverage the vast resources of BNY Mellon's institutional investment organization to provide you unparalleled access to one of the world's largest and best recognized asset managers in a way that best suits your investment needs. 

While our investment capabilities are exceptional, they gain even greater strength when strategically combined within a portfolio. Our strategic asset allocation expertise, overall approach to investment architecture and thoughtful, objective-driven management help to ensure you receive the investment advice and solutions that best serve your goals.     Want to learn more?  Contact us today and we will connect you with an advisor who can tell you more about our Investment Management expertise.  Contact Us      Solutions  Asset AllocationStrategic ArchitectureObjective-Driven InvestingLiquidity ManagementMulti-Asset-Class Strategies Across Global Boutiques    
      Contact Us Want to know more?  Put our expertise to work on your behalf. Submit our short Contact Us form and we'll get in touch with you.       Contact Us 
 












Contact Us | BNY Mellon Wealth Management





      Contact      Get in touch with one of our professionals.   







 





Your Info
Summary





















Wealth Management Inquiries




General Inquiries
To speak with a wealth management professional, call 866-804-5023. 

Client Access or Support
For help accessing Private Workbench, call 866-829-4073. 

Check Verifications
For banking inquiries, call 866-636-0540. 



Office Locations
BNY Mellon Wealth Management works with individuals, families and institutions wherever they are located. View our list of office locations. 
















Other Inquiries





Careers at BNY Mellon


View Job Opportunities



Employee Directory


Contact an Employee



Check Verifications










Family Office Investment Solutions


View Our Capabilities







Planned Giving Programs


View Our Capabilities



Endowments & Foundations


View Our Capabilities








  












Discover  | BNY Mellon Wealth Management



        Discover How we successfully manage wealth and the types of clients we serve.     
      Who We Serve      Customized plans and services for individuals, families, advisors and institutions   



Individuals & Families
We specialize in meeting the complex investment and banking needs of wealthy individuals and their families.
Learn More



Advisors to Individuals & Families
We offer a collaborative approach and customized solutions for our clients' other professional and financial advisors.
Learn More



Family Offices
Among the first of its kind in the nation, our Family Office services feature industry-leading resources and expertise for family offices and their financial interests.
Learn More



Non-Profits
We offer a full range of investment, custody, and reporting services tailored specifically to the needs of non-profits nationwide.
Learn More



      Capabilities      Deep expertise across a wide range of wealth management services           Asset Servicing & Information Management       Asset Servicing & Information Management  As the world’s largest asset servicing provider, we make sure that your assets and information are secure through our full range of custody, administration, and reporting services.  Learn more         Credit & Lending Services       Credit & Lending Services  As the oldest U.S. private bank, we have extensive experience in credit and lending–and in the strategies that make them effective components of your wealth plan.  Learn more         Donor Advised Funds       Donor Advised Funds  We have a distinct team dedicated to the needs of donor advised fund sponsor organizations and individual donors.  Learn more         Endowment & Foundation Services       Endowment & Foundation Services  We have an experienced team dedicated exclusively to the needs of Endowments and Foundations.  Learn more         Escrow Services       Escrow Services  Escrow arrangements offer a perfect solution when you and another party require property such as cash, securities, real estate or insurance policies, to be held by a third party until certain conditions are met.  Learn more         Family Office Investment Solutions       Family Office Investment Solutions  The Family Office investment platform focuses on delivery of custom solutions constructed around each client’s unique liquidity, cash flow, tax, risk and return requirements.  Learn more         Fiduciary Services       Fiduciary Services  One of the largest banks in the world and the creator of the nation’s first trust, we are unrivaled in fiduciary experience.  Learn more         Investment Management       Investment Management  Our investment management services are dedicated exclusively to the needs of private clients.  Learn more         Jumbo Mortgages       Jumbo Mortgages  As a jumbo mortgage lender of primary and vacation homes nationwide, we have unrivaled expertise in creating and managing solutions to meet the needs of our private clients.  Learn more         Philanthropy       Philanthropy  With BNY Mellon, your charitable gifts not only serve recipients well, but also remained aligned with your strategic, philanthropic and financial goals.  Learn more         Planned Giving Services       Planned Giving Services  For more than 20 years, we have served non-profit organizations with comprehensive gift management services, tailored investment management solutions, and donor and organizational support.  Learn more         Private Banking       Private Banking  From checking, savings and online banking to sophisticated financing strategies, we respond to the evolving needs of our clients with customized solutions and personalized service.  Learn more         Self-Directed Investment Services       Self-Directed Investment Services  Our Cash Management Access Account (CMAA) combines our banking capabilities with our brokerage services in one streamlined solution.   Learn more         Wealth & Estate Planning       Wealth & Estate Planning  When you’ve been serving wealthy clients for more than two centuries, there are few wealth challenges you haven’t seen – or solved.   Learn more       
      Contact Us Want to know more about BNY Mellon Wealth Management?  Fill in the quick contact form and we’ll connect you with the right person to discuss your needs.      Contact Us 
 












Wealth & Estate Planning | BNY Mellon Wealth Management



    Wealth & Estate Planning Deep Expertise; Proactive Counsel


  Share this page 


   
   Wealth & Estate Planning When you’ve been serving wealthy clients for more than two centuries, there are few wealth challenges you haven’t seen – or solved. We can help you fully realize your and your family’s specific goals and vision by coordinating the right strategy, resources and support. As external influences or personal circumstances change, effective wealth planning is consistently sustained through diligent management, the highest fiduciary standards of service, and proactive counsel. 

Equally important, we share our technical knowledge and deep experience with your other advisors, thoughtfully and collaboratively applying our resources to further your goals and ensuring a comprehensive wealth management plan.
     Want to learn more?  Contact us today and we will connect you with an expert advisor who can tell you more about our Wealth & Estate Planning services.  Contact Us      Solutions  Wealth Protection & TransferTax PlanningConcentrated Wealth SolutionsInsurance & Risk Management SolutionsEstate Settlement & AdministrationFamily Governance    
      Contact Us Want to Know More?  Discover how our products and services can help you. Complete the contact form and we’ll connect you with one of our experts.      Contact Us 
 
























Institutional home






































Institutional home



















































Vanguard - DC Small/Mid Services: Our approach                                     
        



























































Your input was invalid





























Defined ContributionSmall/Mid plans (startup to $20M+)








 Our approach 
 Sponsor support 
 Participant experience 
 Plan administration 
 Advisor and TPA support 
 Plan Advisor Resource Center








Select Our approachAll  

Sponsor supportAll  

Participant experienceAll  

Plan administrationAll  

Advisor and TPA supportAll  

Plan Advisor Resource CenterAll  










Our approach

Leaders of small and mid-sized businesses have multiple roles and competing priorities. You want a best-in-class retirement plan but may be unsure about all the complexities and requirements. You may be uncertain about the costs and fees involved. You need a provider focused solely on retirement and aligned with your needs and goals—and fully committed to you, your participants, and the ongoing improvement of retirement investing.

Vanguard is committed to the retirement business and is a leader in the retirement plan industry. Best of all, you can benefit from Vanguard's unique ownership structure: We're owned by our clients and not by outside investors or stockholders. That means you never need to question whose interests come first for us. This approach serves as a foundation for all that we do with Vanguard Retirement Plan Access™, our 401(k) offer for small and mid-sized plans. You can count on our expertise to remove the uncertainties from managing your plan and our leadership to help you offer a strong plan for your participants. 



Key benefits




You can:

Have confidence in your plan.
Understand your costs.
Focus on your business.





Cost-conscious?
As a business owner and plan fiduciary, you want to eliminate ambiguity in retirement plan costs. Research has shown that plan costs for the smaller end of the market tend to be higher, and you need a retirement plan provider that not only provides transparent pricing but has a fair and reasonable cost structure.1
With Vanguard Retirement Plan Access:

You receive an All-in Fee Report that shows the total cost of your plan.
You have access to low-cost Vanguard index funds, plus the opportunity to choose from among more than 12,000 non-Vanguard funds.
Your annual recordkeeping price is based on a per-participant fee—a fee that doesn't jump as your assets grow, as with many small to mid-sized retirement plans.
You have flexibility in how you cover your plan costs—including a recordkeeping credit depending on the share class selected.




Too busy?
 As a business owner, you're pressed for time and focused on many aspects of business. With Vanguard Retirement Plan Access, you can rely on high-quality recordkeeping and administration to ease your administrative burden and help your employees stay on track for retirement.


1 Source: Investment Company Institute, 2014. 

















Contact us
  888-684-401K
  Email






Plan Advisor Resource Center



Working with your partners
 We can work with your advisor and third-party administrator to create a state-of-the-art plan.

Request information (RFI)Vanguard Retirement Plan Access™
Vanguard: Taking a stand for your participants
Infographic: Small biz saves smart
















Plan Advisor Resource Center



Working with your partners
            We can work with your advisor and third-party administrator to create a state-of-the-art plan.


Request information (RFI)Vanguard Retirement Plan Access™
Vanguard: Taking a stand for your participants
Infographic: Small biz saves smart




































































































Insights from Vanguard™

































 






































 
























Vanguard - Nonprofit services: Advisory services                                     
        



























































Your input was invalid





























Nonprofit








 Understanding your needs 
 Advisory services 
 Your Vanguard team 
 Nonprofit resource center








Select Understanding your needsAll  

Advisory servicesAll  

Your Vanguard teamAll  

Nonprofit resource centerAll  










Advisory services
Many organizations like yours find it challenging to oversee their portfolio while also managing the day-to-day responsibilities of running their endowment, foundation, or charitable organization. But partnering with a provider who understands your needs can help you better balance these competing priorities.
Partnering with your organization
Vanguard Institutional Advisory Services® (VIAS) offers nonprofits the considerable resources of a large investment firm like Vanguard with the customized service of a specialized boutique. When your organization partners with VIAS, you work with a team of investment professionals that has your objectives and fiduciary responsibilities in mind. VIAS strives to:

Understand your organization's mission, spending needs, and unique situation and offer sophisticated, unbiased advice.
Develop a low-cost portfolio customized to your organization's needs.
Relieve your staff of many of the day-to-day burdens of investment program management.

OCIO: One service, many names


One approach nonprofits are increasingly considering is an outsourced chief investment officer (OCIO). An OCIO service—which is a key offering of Vanguard Institutional Advisory Services—acts as an extension of the board and investment staff. The OCIO determines an asset allocation strategy, selects investment advisors to implement it, and manages its operation and execution. Investment providers and clients call this service a variety of names, including discretionary management, advisory services, and investment management.





Investing and advising
Optimizing your portfolio to meet your long-term investment objectives requires time and skill. VIAS helps you develop a tailored portfolio that ensures your investments are diversified, risk-appropriate, and aligned with your overall strategy.
Our comprehensive advisory services include:









Portfolio construction 

Asset allocation analysis that uses a distinct, proprietary model to deliver solutions based on your portfolio needs.
Investment policy consulting designed to meet the unique investment goals of your organization.
Customized product selection that focuses on low-cost index and active investments.











Portfolio management

Performance reporting to help keep your investment committee informed.
Investment reviews that provide insights into your portfolio and the broader market and economic environment.
Steadfast commitment to risk management and process excellence through ongoing portfolio monitoring and rebalancing.








Research & expertise

Investment expertise and commentary on financial issues that provide context for your decision-making.
Investment committee best practices that are designed to increase your group's effectiveness.





Notes:

Advice services offered through Vanguard Institutional Advisory Services are provided by Vanguard Advisers, Inc., a registered investment advisor.
All investments are subject to risk, including the possible loss of the money you invest. 
Diversification does not ensure a profit or protect against a loss in a declining market. 

















Contact us
  888-888-7064
  Email







Nonprofit Resource Center

Fiduciary roles & lawsMission & planningInvestment strategy
Governance best practices
Fiduciary toolkit

LEARN HOW WE SUPPORT
Defined contribution plans

Defined benefit plans

Consultants
Request information (RFI) 











Contact us
  888-888-7064
  E-mail







Nonprofit Resource Center

Fiduciary roles & lawsMission & planningInvestment strategy
Governance best practices
Fiduciary toolkit

LEARN HOW WE SUPPORT
Defined contribution plans

Defined benefit plans

Consultants
Request information (RFI) 





































Request unsuccessful. Incapsula incident ID: 625000240079362907-146719243968250249 























































P J Schmidt Investment Management - Investing - W62N570 Washington Ave, Cedarburg, WI - Phone Number - Yelp


  























                        Skip to Search Form
                    qqzvfvrz



                        Skip to Navigation
                    



                        Skip to Page Content
                    








Yelp











Find












Near
















                            Cancel
    









Search




































                    Sign Up
    



            Log In
        

























                            Login
    



                            Sign Up
    










About Me
            
















Talk
            




































            Restaurants

        











            Nightlife

        











            Home Services

                












                Air Conditioning & Heating
        





                Contractors
        





                Electricians
        





                Home Cleaners
        





                Landscapers
        





                Locksmiths
        





                Movers
        





                Painters
        





                Plumbers
        














            Write a Review

        






            Events

        






            Talk

        







            Log In
        











 











W62N570 Washington AveCedarburg, WI 53012


        (262) 377-0484
    






            P J Schmidt Investment Management
        






Unclaimed
        


This business has not yet been claimed by the owner or a representative.
Claim this business to view business statistics, receive messages from prospective customers, and respond to reviews.





Investing






        Edit
        , Opens a popup

Edit category













Write a Review
    







            Add Photo
    






Share
, Opens a popup







Bookmark
, Opens a popup





















Get directions













































Swap start/end points
Start from












Start from
Swap start/end points











P J Schmidt Investment Management


        W62N570 Washington Ave, Cedarburg, WI 53012
    




Get directions


























Edit




        W62N570 Washington AveCedarburg, WI 53012
    










Get Directions








Phone number

        (262) 377-0484
    








Send to your Phone







Financial Services



Investing








Is this your business?
Respond to reviews and customer messages.Claiming is free, and only takes a minute.
Claim This Business




































        Ad
    

Jeremy Keil - Thrivent Financial







22.7 Miles away from P J Schmidt Investment Management
            








                    We help Christians make financial decisions.
            
read more



            in Financial Advising, Investing, Life Insurance
        















        Ad
    

Farmers Insurance - Cindy Vance







16.8 Miles away from P J Schmidt Investment Management
            








                    As your personal Farmers Insurance agent located in Sussex, I believe in keeping you informed of ways to protect what's important to you. Whether you're looking for auto insurance, homeowners insurance, life insurance, or…
            
read more



            in Home & Rental Insurance, Auto Insurance, Investing
        










Ask the Community


                Yelp users haven’t asked any questions yet about P J Schmidt Investment Management.
            
Ask a Question













Rating



1 (Eek! Methinks not.)



2 (Meh. I've experienced better.)



3 (A-OK.)



4 (Yay! I'm a fan.)



5 (Woohoo! As good as it gets!)






                    Hey there trendsetter! You could be the first review for P J Schmidt Investment Management.
                





Is this your business?






Once you’ve claimed, you can:

Immediately update business information
Respond to reviews and customer messages
See the customer leads your business page generates
Monitor how many people view your business page

Claim This Business









Business info summary











Edit business info








            Hours
        





Add business hours
    


Other Investing Nearby




                        Find more Investing near P J Schmidt Investment Management
                    





Browse nearby








Restaurants









Nightlife









Shopping









Show all











Rating Details





                    5 stars
                





0






                    4 stars
                





0






                    3 stars
                





0






                    2 stars
                





0






                    1 star
                





0





We calculate the overall star rating using only reviews that our automated software currently recommends. Learn more.




Text to Phone












                    Oops, looks like something’s wrong. Try again!
                


×














                    Are you a human? Please complete the bot challenge below.
                


×














Sent! Check your phone to view the link now!
                


×


















P J Schmidt Investment Management



Investing


Cedarburg, WI




Text a link to your phone so you can quickly get directions, see photos, and read reviews on the go!





+1






















Text Link


                            Your carrier’s rates may apply
                        


















About


About Yelp


Order Food on Eat24


Careers


Press


Investor Relations


Content Guidelines


Terms of Service


Privacy Policy


Ad Choices






Discover


The Local Yelp


Yelp Blog


Support


Yelp Mobile


Developers


RSS






Yelp for Business Owners


Claim your Business Page


Advertise on Yelp


Online Ordering from Eat24


Yelp Reservations


Business Success Stories


Business Support


Yelp Blog for Business Owners







Languages


















                Bahasa Malaysia (Malaysia)
        







                Čeština (Česká republika)
        







                Dansk (Danmark)
        







                Deutsch (Deutschland)
        





                Deutsch (Schweiz)
        





                Deutsch (Österreich)
        







                English (Australia)
        





                English (Belgium)
        





                English (Canada)
        





                English (Hong Kong)
        





                English (Malaysia)
        





                English (New Zealand)
        





                English (Philippines)
        





                English (Republic of Ireland)
        





                English (Singapore)
        





                English (Switzerland)
        





                English (United Kingdom)
        





                English (United States)
        







                Español (Argentina)
        





                Español (Chile)
        





                Español (España)
        





                Español (México)
        







                Filipino (Pilipinas)
        







                Français (Belgique)
        





                Français (Canada)
        





                Français (France)
        





                Français (Suisse)
        







                Italiano (Italia)
        





                Italiano (Svizzera)
        







                Nederlands (België)
        





                Nederlands (Nederland)
        







                Norsk (Norge)
        







                Polski (Polska)
        







                Português (Brasil)
        





                Português (Portugal)
        







                Suomi (Suomi)
        







                Svenska (Finland)
        





                Svenska (Sverige)
        







                Türkçe (Türkiye)
        







                日本語 (日本)
        







                繁體中文 (台灣)
        





                繁體中文 (香港)
        









Countries


















                Argentina
        







                Australia
        







                Austria
        







                Belgium
        







                Brazil
        







                Canada
        







                Chile
        







                Czech Republic
        







                Denmark
        







                Finland
        







                France
        







                Germany
        







                Hong Kong
        







                Italy
        







                Japan
        







                Malaysia
        







                Mexico
        







                New Zealand
        







                Norway
        







                Philippines
        







                Poland
        







                Portugal
        







                Republic of Ireland
        







                Singapore
        







                Spain
        







                Sweden
        







                Switzerland
        







                Taiwan
        







                The Netherlands
        







                Turkey
        







                United Kingdom
        







                United States
        













Site Map

Atlanta
Austin
Boston
Chicago
Dallas
Denver
Detroit
Honolulu
Houston
Los Angeles
Miami
Minneapolis
New York
Philadelphia
Portland
Sacramento
San Diego
San Francisco
San Jose
Seattle
Washington, DC
More Cities






About


Blog


Support


Terms





            Copyright © 2004–2017 Yelp Inc. Yelp, ,  and related marks are registered trademarks of Yelp.
    



















































Bing Places for Business
























































































































Bing
 places for business


Sign in using your




Microsoft Account





Work Account





Google Account





Facebook Account

Don't have an account? Create one.


