
Security Check Required




FacebookJoin or Log Into Facebook   Email or PhonePasswordForgot account?Log InDo you want to join Facebook?Sign UpSign UpSecurity CheckPlease enter the text belowCan't read the text above?Try another text or an audio captchaText in the box:What's this?Security CheckThis is a standard security test that we use to prevent spammers from creating fake accounts and spamming users.SubmitEnglish (US)EspañolFrançais (France)中文(简体)العربيةPortuguês (Brasil)Italiano한국어Deutschहिन्दी日本語MessengerFacebook LitePeoplePlacesGamesLocationsCelebritiesMarketplaceGroupsRecipesMomentsInstagramAboutCreate AdCreate PageDevelopersCareersPrivacyCookiesAd ChoicesTermsSettingsActivity Log Facebook © 2017






Creative Commons — Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported
— CC BY-SA 3.0 






















Skip to content








 Menu















Help us build a vibrant, collaborative global commons
Donate Now














Creative Commons


Creative Commons License Deed







Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported

(CC BY-SA 3.0)








This is a human-readable summary of (and not a substitute for) the license.


Disclaimer.






You are free to:


Share — copy and redistribute the material in any medium or format


Adapt — remix, transform, and build upon the material


for any purpose, even commercially.

















The licensor cannot revoke these freedoms as long as you follow the license terms.




Under the following terms:



Attribution — You must give appropriate credit, provide a link to the license, and indicate if changes were made. You may do so in any reasonable manner, but not in any way that suggests the licensor endorses you or your use.




Attribute this work:












ShareAlike — If you remix, transform, or build upon the material, you must distribute your contributions under the same license as the original.








No additional restrictions — You may not apply legal terms or technological measures that legally restrict others from doing anything the license permits.






Notices:



You do not have to comply with the license for elements of the material in the public domain or where your use is permitted by an applicable exception or limitation.


No warranties are given. The license may not give you all of the permissions necessary for your intended use. For example, other rights such as publicity, privacy, or moral rights may limit how you use the material.








Learn more about CC licensing, or use the license for your own material.






This content is freely available under simple legal terms because of Creative Commons, a non-profit that survives on donations. If you love this content, and love that it's free for everyone, please consider a donation to support our work.
Make a Donation






This page is available in the following languages:


Castellano
Castellano (España)
Català
Dansk
Deutsch
English
Esperanto
français
Galego
hrvatski
Indonesia
Italiano
Latviski
Lietuvių
Melayu
Nederlands
Norsk
polski
Português
Português (BR)
română
Slovenščina
Suomeksi
svenska
Türkçe
íslenska
česky
Ελληνικά
Беларуская
русский
українська
العربية
پارسی
中文
日本語
華語 (台灣)
한국어






This content is freely available under simple legal terms because of Creative Commons, a non-profit that survives on donations. If you love this content, and love that it's free for everyone, please consider a donation to support our work.
When you share, everyone wins.





Contribute today to Creative Commons




$100



$50



$25



$5































Disclaimer

This deed highlights only some of the key features and terms of the actual license. It is not a license and has no legal value. You should carefully review all of the terms and conditions of the actual license before using the licensed material.
Creative Commons is not a law firm and does not provide legal services. Distributing, displaying, or linking to this deed or the license that it summarizes does not create a lawyer-client or any other relationship.




What does "Attribute this work" mean?


The page you came from contained embedded licensing metadata, including how the creator wishes to be attributed for re-use. You can use the HTML here to cite the work. Doing so will also include metadata on your page so that others can find the original work as well.




The applicable mediation rules will be designated in the copyright notice published with the work, or if none then in the request for mediation. Unless otherwise designated in a copyright notice attached to the work, the UNCITRAL Arbitration Rules apply to any arbitration.
More info.




If supplied, you must provide the name of the creator and attribution parties, a copyright notice, a license notice, a disclaimer notice, and a link to the material. CC licenses prior to Version 4.0 also require you to provide the title of the material if supplied, and may have other slight differences.
More info.




In 4.0, you must indicate if you modified the material and retain an indication of previous modifications. In 3.0 and earlier license versions, the indication of changes is only required if you create a derivative.
Marking guide.
More info.




You may also use a license listed as compatible at https://creativecommons.org/compatiblelicenses
More info.




A commercial use is one primarily intended for commercial advantage or monetary compensation.
More info.




Merely changing the format never creates a derivative.
More info.




The license prohibits application of effective technological measures, defined with reference to Article 11 of the WIPO Copyright Treaty.
More info.




The rights of users under exceptions and limitations, such as fair use and fair dealing, are not affected by the CC licenses.
More info.




You may need to get additional permissions before using the material as you intend.
More info.





























Sauce Leveler Device - SCHNATTER JOHN H.




































































































Login
                    
Sign up
                    









Search
                            





                                    Expert Search


                                    Quick Search








Patents/Apps
                                




                                    Non-Patent Literature
                                












SEARCH


                            RESEARCH



                            MPEP 2.0



                            TOOLS & RESOURCES
                        



                            ACCLAIM IP
                        


HELP






 

















Title:


                    Sauce Leveler Device                





                United States Patent Application 20120055583            

                Kind
                Code:
            

                A1            













Abstract:

            A leveler device that engages a bulk product container or bucket that allows a user to level off a scooping or measuring device to obtain a predetermined amount of product. The leveler device includes a blade or wall disposed over a container opening of the container. In use, a user levels the amount of sauce within the measuring device by successively running the rim of the measuring device across the blade or wall of the leveler device to remove excess sauce. The excess sauce that is scraped or pushed off of the measuring device rim by the leveler blade may return back into the container. Thus, the user can consistently scrape and pour the desired amount of product.         















Inventors:

                            Schnatter, John H. (Anchorage, KY, US)                




Application Number:

            12/877571        



Publication Date:

            03/08/2012        



Filing Date:

            09/08/2010        



Export Citation:

 Click for automatic bibliography
                generation 




Assignee:

                            SCHNATTER JOHN H.                




Primary Class:

141/125 



Other Classes:

                                    141/108                            



International Classes:

B65B3/26 





View Patent Images:

Download PDF 20120055583                 
                  PDF help




Related US Applications:



20090000689TANK-LOCKING DEVICE, SYSTEM FOR MANAGING LIQUID SUPPLY AND METHOD USING THE SAMEJanuary, 2009Chen et al.20050241725Device for removing extraneous air from a clean roomNovember, 2005Popplau20060118197Process, apparatus and moulding container for the production of compact powder cosmetic products with various shapesJune, 2006Avalle20050121104Beverage filling plant for filling beverage containers with a beverage having a device for the feeding and removal of beverage containersJune, 2005Monzel20080245437Fuel Gas Storing and Supplying DeviceOctober, 2008Shige20090044878DEVICE FOR PREVENTING FILLED VESSELS FROM SPILLING DURING CONVEYING OF THE SAMEFebruary, 2009Albrecht20100043916FILLING SHOE AND METHOD FOR POWDER FILLING AND COMPACTIONFebruary, 2010Dahlberg et al.20090276091APPARATUS FOR USE IN DISPENSING TINTED PAINTNovember, 2009Duha et al.20090223596Funnel having movable valve assemblySeptember, 2009Wang20100078094Pour spout assembly with winged stop structureApril, 2010Trippi Jr.20020185622Gasoline pump clipDecember, 2002Bruns 















Claims:

            I claim:
                1.  A product leveler and bulk product container assembly comprising: a bulk product container having a container rim surrounding a container opening; a leveler including a elongated bar, said elongated bar including a center arm connecting two depending arms, said center arm includes a planar wall depending therefrom, said center arm is disposed at a predetermined vertical distance above said container rim and over said container opening by said two depending arms, a distal end of each one of said depending arms has an attachment mechanism releasably securing said leveler to said container rim.                    
                    2.  The product leveler and bulk product container assembly as in claim 1 wherein said planar wall includes laterally opposing ends, said laterally opposing ends of said planar wall engage each of said depending arms, respectively.                    
                    3.  The product leveler and bulk product container assembly as in claim 1 wherein said planar wall includes a forward and rear planar surface, at least one of said forward and rear planar surfaces outwardly curve into said center arm at an upper edge of said planar wall.                    
                    4.  The product leveler and bulk product container assembly as in claim 1 wherein said attachment mechanism includes a groove, said groove receives said container rim.                    
                    5.  The product leveler and bulk product container assembly as in claim 1 wherein said attachment mechanism includes a latch with a bias cam surface.                    
                    6.  The product leveler and bulk product container assembly as in claim 5 wherein said latch includes a depressible member.                    
                    7.  The product leveler and bulk product container assembly as in claim 1 wherein said attachment mechanism rotationally fixes said leveler to said container rim.                    
                    8.  A sauce leveler and container combination for measuring comprising: a container having a container opening surrounded by a rim, said rim having a latch retainer; and a leveler device having a planar flange disposed over said container opening and spaced a distance above said container rim, said planar flange has a lower scraping edge, said planar flange having a pair of depending arms outwardly extending to said container rim, each said arm having an attachment mechanism securing said leveler device to said container, said attachment mechanism having a depressible member with a latch connected to a hinge whereby said latch is positionable between a engaged position with said container latch retainer and a disengaged position with said container latch retainer.                    
                    9.  The sauce leveler and container combination as in claim 8 wherein said planar flange has an upper edge outwardly curved therefrom and opposite said lower scraping edge.                    
                    10.  The sauce leveler and container combination as in claim 8 wherein said attachment mechanism axially and rotationally restricts said leveler device relative to said container rim.                    
                    11.  The sauce leveler and container combination as in claim 8 wherein each said arm has an upper deck connecting opposing interior and exterior depending walls, wherein said interior depending wall engages an interior surface of said container rim and said exterior depending wall engages an exterior surface of said container rim when said leveler latch is in said engaged position with said container latch retainer.                    
                    12.  The sauce leveler and container combination as in claim 8 wherein each said arm extends radially outward from said planar flange towards said container rim at an angle.                    
                    13.  The sauce leveler and container combination as in claim 8 wherein said latch includes a bias cam.                    
                    14.  A sauce leveler for attachment to a container comprising: an elongated sauce leveler extending along a longitudinal axis, said leveler having a pair of mounting brackets at opposing ends of said leveler that are at a first elevation, and a scraping blade positioned at a second elevation between said mounting brackets by a pair of arms, wherein said second elevation is greater than said first elevation, said scraping blade extends a portion of a distance between said pair of mounting brackets; and said scraping blade has a pair of planar surfaces extending between an upper edge and a lower edge, wherein said planar surfaces face in opposing directions perpendicular to said longitudinal axis.                    
                    15.  The sauce leveler as in claim 14 wherein said upper edge extends outwardly from said planar surfaces, respectively, in said opposing directions.                    
                    16.  The sauce leveler as in claim 14 wherein each said mounting bracket includes a latch connected to a hinge and actuator.                    
                    17.  The sauce leveler as in claim 16 wherein each said mounting bracket includes a groove, defined by an inner wall and an outer wall.                    
                    18.  The sauce leveler as in claim 17 wherein said inner wall includes one or more protrusions.                    
                    19.  The sauce leveler as in claim 17 wherein said latch biases into and out of said groove.                    
                    20.  The sauce leveler as in claim 17 wherein said groove is defined by at least one curved surface.                    




Description:

TECHNICAL FIELDThe present invention relates to a product leveler and particularly to a pizza sauce leveler.BRIEF DESCRIPTION OF THE DRAWINGSFIG. 1 is a top perspective view of the sauce leveler embodiment illustrating a user dispensing the contents of the previously measured amount contained within the measuring device onto pizza dough;FIG. 2 is a top perspective view of the sauce leveler device and container embodiment of FIG. 1 with portions of the leveler device and container broken away;FIG. 3 is an enlarged sectional view of the connection between the sauce leveler device and the container of FIG. 2 taken along line 3-3 illustrating the attachment mechanism of the sauce leveler device in the engaged position with the container with portions of the leveler device and container broken away;FIG. 4 is an enlarged sectional view of the sauce leveler device and measuring device of FIG. 1 taken along line 4-4 with portions of the container and measuring device broken away, illustrating the product or sauce being pushed or scraped from the measuring device rim in order to obtain the predetermined amount required for application;FIG. 5 is a top perspective view of the sauce leveler device of FIG. 1;FIG. 6 is a top view of the sauce leveler device of FIG. 5;FIG. 7 is a bottom view of the sauce leveler device of FIG. 5;FIG. 8 is a front view of the sauce leveler device of FIG. 5;FIG. 9 is a side view of the sauce leveler device of FIG. 5.DETAILED DESCRIPTIONIn the following detailed description, for purposes of explanation and not limitation, representative embodiments disclosing specific details are set forth in order to provide a thorough understanding of the claimed invention. However, it will be apparent to one having ordinary skill in the art having had the benefit of the present disclosure that other embodiments according to the present teachings that depart from the specific details disclosed herein remain within the scope of the appended claims. Moreover, descriptions of well known apparatuses and methods may be omitted so as to not obscure the description of the representative embodiments. Such methods and apparatuses are clearly within the scope of the claimed invention.Furthermore, and as described in subsequent paragraphs, the specific mechanical configurations illustrated in the drawings are intended to exemplify embodiments of the invention and that other alternative mechanical configurations are possible.The sauce leveler device 20 according to one embodiment of the present invention depicted in the FIGS. 1-9 has a planar wall, flange, or scraping blade 23 structured to provide at least one substantially planar surface 23c, 23d to level off a scooping or measuring device 1 to obtain a predetermined amount of a product or ingredient. Leveler device 20 allows a user 10 or multiple users of various skill levels to consistently duplicate the predetermined amount for a particular application. As shown in FIGS. 1 and 4, user 10 is able to level off to the precise measurement of the desired amount of product 12 such as for example sauce for a particular size of pizza dough 13 with a measuring device 1 having been used in combination with leveler device 20. Thus, repeating desired amounts of a particular product or ingredient for a food application permits consistency in a product's taste, appearance, and quality and furthers repeatability within a single store and among a franchise that includes multiple stores.As shown in FIG. 1, Leveler device 20 includes a center arm 22 between two arms 26 engaging a container 50. Container 50 may hold a variety of bulk products including but is not limited to food ingredients that may have a variety of characteristics including but not limited to solids and semisolids. Container 50 includes a bottom wall 52 and a sidewall 54. Sidewall 54 defines a container opening 56 surrounded by a container rim 58 permitting access to the contents of the container. Although container 50 may generally have a bucket shape, it is not limited to such and may be of a variety of shapes that best contain the product or have the greatest aesthetic appeal. Container 50 may be of unitary construction and made of any of numerous materials commonly known in the art depending on specific product and environmental conditions. Some common examples of materials include but are not limited to polyethylene, polypropylene, and polyethylene terephthalate. The container described above is merely representative of containers in general, and it is to be understood that there are a variety of containers of different shape, size, and rim finish that may be used with the leveler device embodiments herein.As shown in FIGS. 1-9, leveler device 20 is an elongated bar or member that includes a center arm 22 with opposing arms 26 that may be inclined. With an attachment mechanism 30 of inclined arms 26 at a lower first elevation adjacent container rim 58, center arm 22 with planar wall 23 is at a higher second elevation in a vertical direction away from container opening 56. This vertical distance or clearance between container rim 58 or first elevation and planar wall 23 at the second elevation allows measuring device 1 to be inserted into the product 12 of container 50 as well as being brought into contact with the planar wall 23 as it is removed from container 50, to level off the product in the measuring device. Inclined arms 26 extend radially outward away from center arm 22 and depend at an angle a, wherein angle a may be about, but is not limited to, 45 degrees. Planar wall 23 of center arm 22 includes a lower scraping edge 23b and an upper edge 23a with a forward planar surface 23c and a rearward planar surface 23d therebetween. As shown in FIG. 4, the scraping angle 0 between either the forward or rearward planar surface 23c, 23d and container rim 58 is preferably about 90 degrees, although it is understood that the scraping angle may be less than or greater than 90 degrees for either planar surfaces and still adequately level the product 12 in the measuring device 1. Upper edge 23a (FIG. 5) may be outwardly curved from the rearward planar surface 23d and/or forward planar surface 23c and/or wider than lower scraping edge 23b. As shown in FIG. 4, upper edge 23a may have a width W1 and lower scraping edge 23b may have a smaller width W2. The opposing ends 24 and 25 of planar wall 23 extend longitudinally and may connect with the opposing inclined arms 26 as shown in FIG. 8.Leveler device 20 may be constructed of one or more materials by a variety of processes, such as injection molding. Leveler device 20 may be of unitary construction and may be made of any of numerous materials commonly known in the art depending on specific product and environmental conditions. Some common examples of materials include but are not limited to polyethylene, polypropylene, and polyethylene terephthalate.Although leveler device 20 is shown in detail in FIGS. 1-9, it should be understood to those skilled in the art that the leveler, planar wall, and arms may be a variety of quantities, shape, construction, sizes, positions relative to the container, and still adequately provide the desired leveling of the product for a variety of measuring devices. For instance, although it is shown that forward and rearward planar surfaces 23c, 23d of wall 23 are planar and parallel to each other, the planar surfaces may relate differently to each other such as being tapered, nonplanar such as arcuate, or otherwise dissimilar to each other. Further, planar wall 23 or more specifically one or more planar surfaces of the planar wall may be angled relative to the container rim 58 instead of being perpendicular to the container rim as is shown in FIG. 4, therefore scraping angle Θ may be varied from the approximately right angle shown in FIG. 4. Also, the first end 25 of planar wall 23 may be vertically offset from the other opposing end 24 of the planar wall 23 relative to container rim 58 whereby the center arm 22 will not be parallel with container rim 58. Further, planar wall 23 may extend along only a portion of the center arm 22 and may or may not connect with one or both of the inclined arms 26.As shown in FIGS. 1-9, the distal ends 26a of one or both of inclined arms 26 may include an attachment mechanism or mounting bracket 30 for securing the leveler device 20 to container 50. Although it is contemplated that attachment mechanism 30 may affix the leveler device permanently to container 50 or the leveler device may be integrally molded with the container to form a unitary structure, leveler device 20 is shown as being releasably secured to container 50. Therefore, leveler device 20 may be separated from container 50 to allow either the container or leveler to be cleaned, repaired, replaced, or to allow the container to be more readily emptied or refilled with product. A tool-free attachment mechanism or pair of mounting brackets as shown, allows the user to readily engage and disengage leveler device 20 from container 50 as desired by the user. One embodiment of attachment mechanism 30 includes an upper deck 32 with one or more depending walls. As shown in FIGS. 1-9, attachment mechanism 30 has an exterior depending wall or outer wall 34 and an interior depending wall or inner wall 36. Outer wall 34 may engage, depending on the shape of container 50, one or more exterior surfaces 45b of container sidewall 54, and inner wall 36 may engage one or more interior surfaces 54a of container sidewall 54. Outer wall 34 and inner wall 36 define a groove 38 for receiving container rim 58. Groove 38 may be arcuate in shape when used with a container having an arcuate rim, however outer wall 34 and/or inner wall 36 may or may not be arcuate. Therefore, it should be understood that the groove 38 may be provided in a variety of shapes, construction, and sizes to match the rim 58 to which it is applied. As shown in FIG. 7, the interior surface of outer wall 34 may be curved with a first radius measured from the central axis of the container opening 56. Although not shown, the inner wall may also have a curved exterior surface having a second radius similarly measured, whereby the second radius is smaller than first radius. The inner and outer walls 34 and 36 may each have one or more depending protrusions or ribs, for instance inner wall 36 as shown in FIG. 7 may have three protrusions 36a, b, and c engaging interior surface 54a of container sidewall 54. Opposing protrusions 36a and 36c are positioned on the outer periphery of upper deck 32 with protrusion 36b therebetween. Protrusion 36b may connect to planar wall 23 along inclined arm 26.Although the latching mechanism 40 of the attachment mechanism 30 may be disengaged by a tool, a latch 41 which may be manually operated without a tool is shown in FIGS. 1-3 and 5-9. Latch 41 extends from a depressible member or push button 42 pivotable about a hinged connection or hinge 46. Hinge 46 may be a living type hinge, pin and slot mechanism, bimodal wherein the hinge snaps the latch either in a fully engaged or fully disengaged position with the container rim, one integral structure as shown or include two or more connected structures, or may be a variety of hinges known to one skilled in the art and still provide pivoting and/or flexing of latch 41 in order to engage and disengage from the container. In one embodiment, latch 41 extends from outer wall 34 of attachment mechanism 30 through slot 34a. Slot 34a may extend through portions of outer wall 34 and/or portions of upper deck 32. Latch 41 allows the leveler device 20 to engage and disengage from a latch catch or retainer 59 of container rim 58. Latch 41 includes a cam surface or ramp 44, although it should be understood that the cam surface may be included with the container rim. Cam surface 44 of the latch mechanism 40 allows latch 41 to be displaced radially outward from groove 38 about hinge 46 while container rim 58 is being inserted into groove 38. Once cam surface 44 of latch 41 continues flexing or pivoting latch 41 past the container rim, latch 41 returns inwardly into to the groove to engage latch catch 59 of container rim 58 as shown in FIGS. 2 and 3. By depressing push button 42 when the latch 41 is already engaged with the container rim 58, the user displaces latch 41 radially outward away from container latch catch 59 to disengage the latch from its engaged position with the container (FIGS. 2 and 3) to remove the leveler device. It should also be understood that the leveler device 20 may be rotationally and/or axially fixed relative to the container rim by the attachment mechanisms and/or container structure.Although attachment mechanism 30 is shown in detail in the figures, a variety of attachment or mounting mechanisms may be used to assemble the leveler device to the container, causing it to be either permanently or releasably secured. Although not shown, the leveler device or more specifically the attachment mechanism, inclined arms, or center arm may allow for pivoting, possibly about the longitudinal axis of the elongated leveler device, from a first position to a second position that may adjust the scraping angle 0 of the leveler device as desired by the user. Further, the leveler device or a single inclined arm 26 may have an attachment mechanism 30 while the other arm merely engages and receives the container rim.The measuring device, ladle, or spoon 1 is shown in FIGS. 1 and 4. Measuring device 1 includes a handle 2 connected to a bowl 3 having an opening surrounded by a rim 4. The amount of product is dependent on the volume contained within the measuring device 1 upon leveling or scraping off the excess amount of product when using the leveler. A variety of measuring devices may be used that receive a predetermined amount of product depending on the desired application of the product. For example, when preparing a variety of pizzas of a different size, a user may use one measuring device to measure out more sauce for a large pizza and another smaller measuring device to measure out a smaller amount of sauce for a small pizza.As shown in FIGS. 1 and 4, in use the user chooses the appropriately sized measuring device 1 and scoops up a measure of product or sauce 12 with excess product 12a extending above measuring device rim 4. As shown in FIG. 4, the user 10 then levels off the amount of product 12 within the measuring device 1 by scraping the measuring device rim 4 against lower scraping edge 23b of the leveler planar wall 23 in the “A” direction to remove the excess product 12a. Measuring device 1 can be used against lower scraping edge 23b in either direction “A” or the opposing direction, wherein the excess product 12a may contact either the forward planar surface 23c or the rearward planar surface 23d depending on which side the user 10 is positioned relative to the leveler device. The excess product 12a that is scraped or pushed off of the measuring device rim by the scraping blade returns or falls back into container 50, thereby allowing the user to scrape and pour the predetermined amount in each subsequent application.While several inventive embodiments have been described and illustrated herein, those of ordinary skill in the art will readily envision a variety of the other means which are structured for performing the functions and/or obtaining the results and/or one or more of the advantages described herein, and each of such variations or modifications is deemed to be within the scope of the inventive embodiments described. More generally, those skilled in the art will readily appreciate that all parameters, dimensions, materials and configurations described are meant to be exemplary only and that the actual parameters, dimensions and materials and/or configurations will depend on the specific application or applications for which the inventive teachings are used. Those skilled in the art will recognize or be able to ascertain using no more than routine experimentation to achieve many equivalents to the specific inventive embodiments described herein. It is therefore to be understood that the foregoing embodiments are presented by way of example only in that, within the scope of the appended claims and equivalents thereto, inventive embodiments may be practiced otherwise then as specifically described and claimed.Inventive embodiments of the present disclosure are directed to reach individual feature, systems, articles, materials, kits and/or methods described herein. In addition, any combination of two or more such features, systems, articles, materials, kits and/or methods, if such features, systems, articles, materials, kits and/or methods are not mutually inconsistent, are included within the inventive skills evidenced in the present disclosure.All definitions, as defined and used herein, should be understood to control over dictionary definitions, definitions in documents incorporated by reference, and/or ordinary meanings of the defined terms.The indefinite articles “a” and “an,” as used herein in the specification and in the claims, unless clearly indicated to the contrary, should be understood to mean “at least one.”The phrase “and/or,” as used herein in the specification and in the claims, should be understood to mean “either or both” of the elements so conjoined, i.e., elements that are conjunctively present in some cases and disjunctively present in other cases. Multiple elements listed with “and/or” should be construed in the same fashion, i.e., “one or more” of the elements so conjoined. Other elements may optionally be present other than the elements specifically identified by the “and/or” clause, whether related or unrelated to those elements specifically identified. Thus, as a non-limiting example, a reference to “A and/or B”, when used in conjunction with open-ended language such as “comprising” can refer, in one embodiment, to A only (optionally including elements other than B); in another embodiment, to B only (optionally including elements other than A); in yet another embodiment, to both A and B (optionally including other elements); etc. As used herein in the specification and in the claims, “or” should be understood to have the same meaning as “and/or” as defined above. For example, when separating items in a list, “or” or “and/or” shall be interpreted as being inclusive, i.e., the inclusion of at least one, but also including more than one, of a number or list of elements, and, optionally, additional unlisted items. Only terms clearly indicated to the contrary, such as “only one of” or “exactly one of,” or, when used in the claims, “consisting of,” will refer to the inclusion of exactly one element of a number or list of elements. In general, the term “or” as used herein shall only be interpreted as indicating exclusive alternatives (i.e. “one or the other but not both”) when preceded by terms of exclusivity, such as “either,” “one of,” “only one of,” or “exactly one of.” “Consisting essentially of,” when used in the claims, shall have its ordinary meaning as used in the field of patent law.As used herein in the specification and in the claims, the phrase “at least one,” in reference to a list of one or more elements, should be understood to mean at least one element selected from any one or more of the elements in the list of elements, but not necessarily including at least one of each and every element specifically listed within the list of elements and not excluding any combinations of elements in the list of elements. This definition also allows that elements may optionally be present other than the elements specifically identified within the list of elements to which the phrase “at least one” refers, whether related or unrelated to those elements specifically identified. Thus, as a non-limiting example, “at least one of A and B” (or, equivalently, “at least one of A or B,” or, equivalently “at least one of A and/or B”) can refer, in one embodiment, to at least one, optionally including more than one, A, with no B present (and optionally including elements other than B); in another embodiment, to at least one, optionally including more than one, B, with no A present (and optionally including elements other than A); in yet another embodiment, to at least one, optionally including more than one, A, and at least one, optionally including more than one, B (and optionally including other elements); etc.It should also be understood that, unless clearly indicated to the contrary, in any methods claimed herein that include more than one step or act, the order of the steps or acts of the method is not necessarily limited to the order in which the steps or acts of the method are recited. Also, any reference numerals or other characters, appearing between parentheses in the claims, are provided merely for convenience and are not intended to limit the claims in any way.In the claims, as well as in the specification above, all transitional phrases such as “comprising,” “including,” “carrying,” “having,” “containing,” “involving,” “holding,” “composed of,” and the like are to be understood to be open-ended, i.e., to mean including but not limited to. Only the transitional phrases “consisting of” and “consisting essentially of” shall be closed or semi-closed transitional phrases, respectively, as set forth in the United States Patent Office Manual of Patent Examining Procedures, Section 2111.03.It is understood that while certain embodiments of the invention have been illustrated and described, it is not limited thereto except insofar as such limitations are included in the following claims and allowable functional equivalents thereof. 





 

Previous Patent: Manually Operable Manifold/Nozzle Closure for Fluid DispensersNext Patent: Multiple liquid dispenser











Home


Search


Services


Communities


Help


Contact us

Advertise on this Site










            © 2004-2017 FreePatentsOnline.com. All rights reserved.
            Privacy Policy
                & Terms of Use.
A SumoBrain Solutions Company


 










Data Dumps  |  Freebase API (Deprecated)
       |  Google Developers
    
    
      
        Freebase API (Deprecated)
      
    
    
    All Products
  
  Sign in

  
  Send feedback
  





            Hey there! Are you maybe looking for Firebase instead?

            







    Data Dumps
  


The Freebase API will be completely shut-down on Aug 31 2016. This page provides access to the last available data dump. Read more.
Data Dumps are a downloadable version of the data in Freebase. They constitute a snapshot of the data stored in Freebase and the Schema that structures it, and are provided under the same CC-BY license. The Freebase/Wikidata mappings are provided under the CC0 license.

Freebase Triples
Freebase Deleted Triples
Freebase/Wikidata Mappings
License
Citing

Freebase Triples


This dataset contains every fact currently in Freebase.

Total triples: 1.9 billion
Updated: Weekly
Data Format: N-Triples RDF
License: CC-BY

22 GB gzip250 GB uncompressed

Download



The RDF data is serialized using the N-Triples format, encoded as UTF-8 text and compressed with Gzip.


RDF
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11vjz1ynm> <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/measurement_unit.dated_percentage.date> "2001-02"^^<http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema#gYearMonth>  .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11vjz1ynm>  <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/measurement_unit.dated_percentage.source> <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11x1gf2m6>  .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11vjz1ynm>  <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/type.object.type> <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/measurement_unit.dated_percentage>  .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11vjz1ynm>  <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/measurement_unit.dated_percentage.rate> 4.5 .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11vjz1ynm>  <http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type> <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/measurement_unit.dated_percentage>  .


If you're writing your own code to parse the RDF dumps its often more efficient to read directly from GZip file rather than extracting the data first and then processing the uncompressed data.
<subject>  <predicate>  <object> .
Note: In Freebase, objects have MIDs that look like /m/012rkqx. In RDF those MIDs become m.012rkqx. Likewise, Freebase schema like /common/topic are written as common.topic.
The subject is the ID of a Freebase object. It can be a Freebase MID (ex. m.012rkqx) for topics and CVTs or a human-readable ID (ex. common.topic) for schema.
The predicate is always a human-readable ID for a Freebase property or a property from a standard RDF vocabulary like RDFS. Freebase foreign key namespaces are also used as predicates to make it easier to look up keys by namespace.
The object field may contain a Freebase MID for an object or a human-readable ID for schema from Freebase or other RDF vocabularies. It may also include literal values like strings, booleans and numeric values.
Topic descriptions often contain newlines. In order to make each triple fit on one line, we have escaped newlines with "\n".
Freebase Deleted Triples
We also provide a dump of triples that have been deleted from Freebase over time. This is a one-time dump through March 2013. In the future, we might consider providing periodic updates of recently deleted triples, but at the moment we have no specific timeframe for doing so, and are only providing this one-time dump. 

The dump is distributed as a .tar.gz file (2.1Gb compressed, 7.7Gb uncompressed). It contains 63,036,271 deleted triples in 20 files (there is no particular meaning to the individual files, it is just easier to manipulate several smaller files than one huge file).


Thanks to Chun How Tan and John Giannandrea for making this data release possible.




Total triples: 63 million
Updated: June 9, 2013
Data Format: CSV
License: CC-BY

2 GB gzip8 GB uncompressed

Download



The data format is essentially CSV with one important caveat. The object field may contain any characters, including commas (as well as any other reasonable delimiters you could think of). However, all the other fields are guaranteed not to contain commas, so the data can still be parsed unambiguously.

The columns in the dataset are defined as:

creation_timestamp (Unix epoch time in milliseconds)
creator
deletion_timestamp (Unix epoch time in milliseconds)
deletor
subject (MID)
predicate (MID)
object (MID/Literal)
language_code



CSV
1352854086000,/user/mwcl_wikipedia_en,1352855856000,/user/mwcl_wikipedia_en,/m/03r90,/type/object/key,/wikipedia/en/$B816,en
1355171076000,/user/mwcl_musicbrainz,1364258198000,/user/turtlewax_bot,/m/0nncp9z,/music/recording/artist,/m/01vbfm4,en
1176630380000,/user/mwcl_images,1335928144000,/user/gardening_bot,/m/029w57m,/common/image/size,/m/0kly56,en
1292854917000,/user/mwcl_musicbrainz,1364823418001,/user/mbz_pipeline_merge_bot,/m/0fv1vl8,/type/object/type,/common/topic,en
1205530905000,/user/mwcl_images,1336022041000,/user/gardening_bot,/m/01x5scz,/common/licensed_object/license,/m/02x6b,en
1302391361000,/user/content_administrator,1336190973000,/user/gardening_bot,/m/0gkb45y,/type/object/type,/type/content,en
1176728962002,/user/mwcl_images,1335954186000,/user/gardening_bot,/m/08430h,/common/topic/image,/m/02cs147,en
1172002568007,/user/mwcl_chefmoz,1283588560000,/user/delete_bot,/m/01z4c1z,/type/object/name,La Casa Rosa Mexican Restaurant,en


Freebase/Wikidata Mappings


The data has been created based on the Wikidata-Dump of October 28, 2013, and contains only those links that have at least two common Wikipedia-Links and not a single disagreeing Wikipedia-Link. Furthermore, the lines are sorted by the number of common Wikipedia-Links (although in Turtle this does not really matter).

Total triples: 2.1M
Updated: October 28, 2013
Data Format: N-Triples RDF
License: CC0

21.2 MB gzip242.9 MB uncompressed

Download



The RDF data is serialized using the N-Triples format, encoded as UTF-8 text and compressed with Gzip.


RDF
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/m.0695j>  <http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#sameAs>  <http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q6718> .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/m.05nrg>  <http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#sameAs7>  <http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q538> .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/m.0jgd>  <http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#sameAs>  <http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q414> .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/m.0d_23>  <http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#sameAs>  <http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q2537> .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/m.04g7d>  <http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#sameAs>  <http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q315> .


License
Freebase Data Dumps are provided free of charge for any purpose with regular updates by Google. They are distributed, like Freebase itself, under the Creative Commons Attribution (aka CC-BY) and use is subject to the Terms of Service.
The Freebase/Wikidata ID mappings are provided under CC0 and can be used without restrictions.
Citing
If you'd like to cite these data dumps in a publication, you may use:

Google, Freebase Data Dumps, https://developers.google.com/freebase/data, <month> <day>, <year>

Or as BibTeX:


BibTex

@misc{freebase:datadumps,
  title = "Freebase Data Dumps"
  author = "Google",
  howpublished = "\url{https://developers.google.com/freebase/data}",
  edition = "<month> <day>, <year>",
  year = "<year>"
}




Except as otherwise noted, the content of this page is licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 License, and code samples are licensed under the Apache 2.0 License. For details, see our Site Policies. Java is a registered trademark of Oracle and/or its affiliates.

      
      Last updated February 10, 2017.
    




Send feedback about...
          
          This page
        
            
            Documentation feedback
          
        Freebase API (Deprecated)
        
            
            Product feedback
          
        
        Cancel
      



John Schnatter - Wikipedia





















 







John Schnatter

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia

This is the latest accepted revision, reviewed on 27 July 2017.




					Jump to:					navigation, 					search



John Schnatter


Born
John H. Schnatter
(1961-11-22) November 22, 1961 (age 55)
Jeffersonville, Indiana, U.S.


Residence
Anchorage, Kentucky, U.S.[1]


Nationality
American


Other names
Papa John


Alma mater
Ball State University[2]


Occupation
Founder, CEO, and spokesman of Papa John's International, Inc.


Years active
1984–present


Net worth
US$1 billion[3]


Spouse(s)
Annette (m. 1987)


Children
3


John H. Schnatter (born November 22, 1961) is an American entrepreneur and the founder, CEO, and spokesman of Papa John's International, Inc.[4]



Contents


1 Early life and education
2 Career

2.1 The Camaro


3 Personal life

3.1 Politics


4 Awards and honors
5 References
6 External links



Early life and education[edit]
Schnatter was born in Jeffersonville, Indiana, on November 22, 1961[5] to Mary and Robert Schnatter. He graduated from Jeffersonville High School in 1980, then earned a business degree from Ball State University in 1983.[2][5]
In the 1980s, John Schnatter's father co-owned Mick's Lounge, a tavern in Jeffersonville.[2]
Career[edit]
The Papa John's pizza business was founded in 1984 when "Papa" John Schnatter knocked out a broom closet in the back of his father's tavern in Jeffersonville, Indiana.[5] Schnatter sold his 1971 Z28 Camaro to purchase $1,600 worth of used pizza equipment and began selling pizzas to the tavern's customers out of the converted closet.[6][7][8] His pizzas proved so popular that the following year he was able to move into an adjoining space. Today, the company is the third largest take-out and pizza delivery restaurant chain in the world,[9][10] with headquarters in Jeffersontown, Kentucky, near Louisville.[11][12][13]
The Camaro[edit]
In 1983, Schnatter sold his 1971 Chevrolet Camaro to help his father's struggling business. He used the leftover funds to start Papa John's. Decades later, he offered a reward of $250,000 for finding the car, and on August 26, 2009, Schnatter bought the Camaro back for $250,000 from the family that he sold the car to in 1983.[14][15] In celebration, Papa John's offered a free pizza to anyone who owned a Camaro.[16] Schnatter's original Camaro has been on display in the company's headquarters in Louisville, Kentucky. The company owns several replicas that are used on tours and for public and TV appearances.[17][unreliable source?] On August 15, 2015, Schnatter's original Camaro was stolen along with two other classic cars in Detroit, where they were slated to appear in the city's annual Woodward Dream Cruise.[18] The Camaro was recovered two days later on the city's west side with minimal damage.[19]
Personal life[edit]
Schnatter has been married to his wife, Annette, since 1987. The couple has three children. The Schnatter family resides in Anchorage, Kentucky.[5] Schnatter identifies as an Evangelical Christian and is a member of the Southeast Christian Church.[20]
Schnatter made a million-dollar contribution to the Louisville Zoo's Glacier Run expansion.[21] His Calistoga Bakery sponsors a bike team and donated money to build bike trails.
Politics[edit]
In 2012, Papa John's and Schnatter received media attention after he made critical comments about the Affordable Care Act to a class on entrepreneurship.[22]
Schnatter had hosted a fundraiser at his home for Republican Party candidate Mitt Romney in May 2012.[23]
Schnatter contributed to Donald Trump's 2016 presidential campaign and made supportive comments about his administration in January 2017.[24]
Awards and honors[edit]






This section has multiple issues. Please help improve it or discuss these issues on the talk page. (Learn how and when to remove these template messages)






This section needs additional citations for verification. Please help improve this article by adding citations to reliable sources. Unsourced material may be challenged and removed. (March 2017) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)







This section is in a list format that may be better presented using prose. You can help by converting this section to prose, if appropriate. Editing help is available. (March 2017)




(Learn how and when to remove this template message)



Inducted into the Junior Achievement U.S. Business Hall of Fame in 2007.
Named one of the Ten Outstanding Young Americans in 2000 by the National Jaycees Organization.
Named 1998 National Ernst & Young Retail/Consumer Entrepreneur of The Year.
In May 2009 Schnatter was named honorary chair of the Ride to Conquer Cancer benefiting Louisville's Norton Cancer Institute.[25]
Inducted into the Kentucky Entrepreneur Hall of Fame in 2010.
In 2012, he became an honorary initiate of Alpha Tau Omega.

References[edit]


^ "WLKY-TV airs one-on-one interview with John Schnatter". 
^ a b c Kleber, John E., ed. (2001). "Papa John's International Inc.". The Encyclopedia of Louisville. Lexington, Kentucky: University Press of Kentucky. p. 688. ISBN 0-8131-2100-0. OCLC 247857447. Retrieved March 22, 2017. 
^ "New Billionaire: How Papa John's CEO John Schnatter Turned Pizza Into Ten-Figure Fortune". 
^ "The story of Papa John's". Papajohns.com. Retrieved July 30, 2010. 
^ a b c d Wolfson, Andrew (January 13, 2013). "The real Papa John: Pizza entrepreneur John Schnatter makes no apologies for wealth, success, Obamacare remarks | Math whiz mixed pizza passion, finance". The Courier-Journal. Retrieved March 22, 2017. 
^ "The Papa John's Story". Papa John's (GB) Ltd. Archived from the original on July 10, 2013. Retrieved August 2, 2013. 
^ "Profile: John Schnatter". Forbes. Retrieved April 12, 2013. 
^ "About Papa Johns". Papa John's International. Retrieved April 12, 2013. 
^ "Papa John's offering free pizza to customers who place online order during Super Bowl weekend". WDRB. January 28, 2015. Retrieved March 9, 2015. 
^ Green, Kim (January 15, 2015). "Sunday With Papa John's Founder John Schnatter". Parade. Retrieved March 9, 2015. 
^ "Jeffersontown to dedicate new bike and walking path Saturday". The Courier-Journal. November 7, 2007. p. C7. Retrieved December 6, 2012. Papa John's office is in Jeffersontown 
^ "Papa's Specialty Pizza Challenge". Papa John's Pizza. Retrieved on December 6, 2012. "Papa John's International Inc., 2002 Papa John's Blvd, Louisville, KY 40299". Archived October 23, 2014, at the Wayback Machine.
^ 2010 "Census – Census Block Map (Index): Jeffersontown city, KY 1". U.S. Census Bureau. Retrieved on December 7, 2012.
^ "Papa John's boss finds Camaro, gives free pizza". NBC News. Associated Press. August 25, 2009. Retrieved August 17, 2015. 
^ "Found: Papa John's Long-Lost Camaro! Kentucky Man Receives $250,000 Finder's Fee". Papa John's. August 25, 2009. Retrieved January 17, 2015. 
^ Associated, The (September 2, 2009). "Papa John's founder pays 250Kg for Camaro". Courierlifenews.com. Archived from the original on July 30, 2010. Retrieved July 30, 2010. 
^ Whyte, Carol (August 26, 2009). "Founder of Papa John's Reunited with Camaro Sold in 1983". Yahoo Voices. Archived from the original on October 3, 2013. Retrieved August 17, 2015. 
^ Heiser, Tom (August 17, 2015). "John Schnatter's Camaro stolen in Detroit". The Courier-Journal. Retrieved August 17, 2015. 
^ Greenwood, Tom; Chambers, Jennifer (August 17, 2015). "Stolen Papa John's Camaro found on Detroit's west side". The Detroit News. Retrieved August 22, 2015. 
^ Cesca, Bob (August 6, 2012). "Chick-Fil-A Isn't the Only Evil Fast Food Chain". The Daily Banter. Retrieved October 11, 2015. 
^ "Back to dough after losing bread: Papa John Schnatter shutters Calistoga Artisan Sandwich project after three and a half years". Insider Louisville. Archived from the original on April 19, 2012. Retrieved December 5, 2012. 
^ Resnikoff, Ned (November 20, 2012). "Denny's, Papa John's walk back criticism of Obamacare". NBCNews.com. Retrieved February 4, 2014. 
^ Gerth, Joseph (April 17, 2012). "Presidential hopeful Mitt Romney to visit Louisville Thursday for fundraiser". The Courier-Journal. Retrieved February 4, 2014. 
^ Taylor, Kate (January 29, 2017). "PAPA JOHN'S CEO: America is on a path to becoming what Germany was in 1867". businessinsider.com. 
^ "Conquer Cancer website". Conquercancer.ca. May 28, 2009. Retrieved July 30, 2010. 


External links[edit]

John Schnatter on Twitter 





 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=John_Schnatter&oldid=792631205"					
Categories: 1961 birthsAmerican billionairesAmerican businesspeopleAmerican chief executives of food industry companiesAmerican ChristiansBall State University alumniLiving peoplePeople from Jeffersonville, IndianaBusinesspeople from Louisville, KentuckyPizza chain foundersKentucky RepublicansAmerican food company foundersHidden categories: Webarchive template wayback linksWikipedia pending changes protected pages (level 1)Use mdy dates from April 2015Articles with hCardsAll articles lacking reliable referencesArticles lacking reliable references from September 2015Articles needing additional references from March 2017All articles needing additional referencesArticles needing cleanup from March 2017All pages needing cleanupArticles with sections that need to be turned into prose from March 2017 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages



Add links 





 This page was last edited on 27 July 2017, at 17:36.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 

















John Schnatter house, net worth, home, Jewish, biography, married, family, gay, obamacare






























  




Login

Login via

Register














Home » Biography » John   Schnatter





















John Schnatter | Biography

                By: 
                    Michael Jordan | 

                                        
                            People 
                         |                         
                            Celebrity 
                                            | Sep 21 2013            














John  Schnatter's Facts


 Name :
John   Schnatter


Date of Birth :
1961 November 23 (Age 52)


Nationality :
American


Profession :
Founder, Owner, Spokesperson CEO of Papa John’s Pizza.


Ethnicity :
American


Married to :
Annette


Children :
3 children


Salary :
714000 dollar


Net Worth(s) :
600 million dollars


Name on Birth :
John H. Schnatter


Divorce :
No


Address :
Papa John’s Boulevard Louisville, Kentucky


Religion :
Christianity







John H. Schnatter known as John Schnatter is American origin businessman who is also the Founder, Owner, Spokesperson CEO of Papa John’s Pizza launching the company in the year 1984. He got the name right for his pizza company after paying 5 million to University of Louisville’s football team who used the name Papa John’s Cardinal stadium for their university stadium. In addition to this, he has helped the university stadium and has paid more money to own the right till the year 2040. Till the date he can use the name officially for his pizza company. Apart from this he has made contribution of millions of dollar for the glacier expansion project of Louisville Zoo.






He also has helped and donated to make Bike Roads and his bakery product store Calistoga Bakery also sponsors a bike team. Also in 2009 he worked as honorary chair of the ride to conquer cancer in which he helped and donated which was beneficial for Louisville’s Norton Cancer institute which works for cancer treatment and research. He when founded the Papa John’s pizza he used the left fund which was half used for his father business and the fund was raised by selling his car Chevrolet Camaro in the year 1983.
Later due to the love for his car he again announced to give reward to find the car and the reward price was of 250000 dollar and fortunately he got his Chevrolet Camaro back in 2009 and as promised he paid the amount and also in the celebration the papa John’s pizza gave free pizzas to people who owned Camaro.  His love for the car and the memories with the car can be felt as the car still today can be seen in the display of company’s headquarter in Louisville Kentucky. And the company has many duplicates and replicates of the cars that are seen in tours done by papa john’s pizza company and even in public TV programs.
Later the company and john Schnatter himself had to face criticism due to the words about Affordable Care Acts which was a class based on entrepreneurship. His has done an adorable work as he has given cent percent health coverage facility to all his office employees from the establishment of the company and addition to this he also presented a fund raising program at his home town for the president election candidate Mitt Romney who is from Republican party in the year 2012. Due to his work and service to community and different charity he has been honored with different titles as he is U.S business hall of famer for junior category business man in 2007, he has been in the name list of top ten Young American business man in 2000 and the list was made by National Jaycees Organization. In addition to this he was named as the Entrepreneur of the year in 1998 and is also the hall of famer of Kentucky Entrepreneur hall of famer in 2010 and also is the honored for the initiative he does for Alpha Tau Omega in 2012. Apart from this he has been awarded by many of the charities and funds. He is also one of the donors who donate his huge amount fortune every year to the needy one and charity working in different cause. And recently he told he is forced to raise the price of his pizza by 14 cent due to the re-election of Barak Obama due to the franchise charged by Obama care of extra 8 million dollar.
Talking about his personal life, he has lavish houses and property land having swimming pool, golf course and lives a luxurious life in his 40000 square foot castle which has the value 7 million dollars. He his is married to Annette and his wife, two daughters and one son live in the house as happy family. And till today there is no any rumor about the dispute which leads to divorce. His salary of 714000 dollar and his hard work led him to have the net worth of 600 million dollars. There are rumor about his religion as some say he is Jewish but actual news is not found till date. More of the information about him and his biography can be found in wiki and in other official website.






















Tweet





Write Review 





 


Rating: 
    





 



Description
 










Please Login to write review











 

Reviews
No Reviews 

















            Rated 5/10
            based on 9  ratings
        
Rate this Biography:











 
AUTHOR BOX

Michael Jordan
HAS 332 Biographies online



More about John  Schnatter





MORE FROM MICHAEL JORDAN

Sessilee Lopez Biography


Paco Christian Prieto Biography


Alex O'Loughlin Biography


Alex Borstein Biography


Ann Marie Buerkle Biography


Seth Green Biography


Shari Headley Biography


Sharon Corr Biography













Copyright © 2017 Free articles by MyHowBook , All rights reserved. 



















John H. Schnatter - Executive Bio, Compensation History, and Contacts - Equilar Atlas










 

















Log in | Sign up








x

 






As Featured In



















John H. Schnatter
Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer at Papa John's International, Inc.


View Full Profile
Are you John H. Schnatter? Claim your profile


 


Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view John H. Schnatter's full profile. 
With Equilar Atlas, you can:



IDENTIFY corporate executives in John H. Schnatter's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in John H. Schnatter's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with John H. Schnatter through your network of contacts.
												








John H. Schnatter's Executive Work History


Current


Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer, 
Papa John's International, Inc.


Past
To view John H. Schnatter's complete executive work history, sign up now
Age
55

 
 


John H. Schnatter's Biography



Mr. Schnatter founded Papa John's in 1984 and opened the first Company restaurant in 1985. He currently serves as Founder, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. He previously served as Co- Chief Executive Officer from April 2010 to April 2011, Chief Executive Officer from April 2009 to April 2010, Interim Chief Executive Officer from December 2008 to April 2009, Executive Chairman from 2005 until May 2007, as Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer from 1990 until 2005, and as President from 1985 to 1990, from 2001 to 2005, and from 2014 to 2015.
Mr. Schnatter's role as our Founder and brand spokesperson makes him uniquely qualifie ...
(Read More)

			Mr. Schnatter founded Papa John's in 1984 and opened the first Company restaurant in 1985. He currently serves as Founder, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. He previously served as Co- Chief Executive Officer from April 2010 to April 2011, Chief Executive Officer from April 2009 to April 2010, Interim Chief Executive Officer from December 2008 to April 2009, Executive Chairman from 2005 until May 2007, as Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer from 1990 until 2005, and as President from 1985 to 1990, from 2001 to 2005, and from 2014 to 2015.
Mr. Schnatter's role as our Founder and brand spokesperson makes him uniquely qualified to chair the Board of Directors while also acting as our Chief Executive Officer. Mr. Schnatter's experience and entrepreneurial skills offer vision in leading the Board and building our brand, with a consistent focus on maintaining product quality and providing a superior customer service experience. His experience in research and development, quality assurance and supply chain management are critical to our business and our franchise business model.
		
Source: Papa John's International, Inc. on 03/23/2017
		
	

 






Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view John H. Schnatter's full profile. 



												By accessing Equilar Atlas, you can view bios, network, salary and wealth events
												of industry-leading executives like John H. Schnatter. More specifically, you'll be able to:
												

IDENTIFY corporate executives in John H. Schnatter's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in John H. Schnatter's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with John H. Schnatter through your network of conections.
												




View Full Profile


 








Search for over 360,000 executive profiles.





/bio



													Example: John H. Schnatter


















John H. Schnatter's Connections (46)





Sign up now to view John H. Schnatter's 46 connections »









Olivia F. Kirtley
Lead Independent Director, Papa John's International, Inc.









Richard J. Emmett
Chief Legal and Human Resources Officer, Dunkin' Brands Group, Inc.









Mark S. Shapiro
Board Member, Live Nation Entertainment, Inc.









Christopher L. Coleman
Former Board Member, Randgold Resources Limited









Julie Larner
Former Senior Vice President, Papa John's International, Inc.









William M. Mitchell
President, Dunkin' Brands International, Dunkin' Brands Group, Inc.









Wayne K. Taylor
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Texas Roadhouse, Inc.









Alexander W. Smith
Former President and Chief Executive Officer, Pier 1 Imports, Inc.









Anthony N. Thompson
Former President and Chief Executive Officer, Krispy Kreme Doughnuts, Inc.









Robb S. Chase
Former Lead Independent Director, Imvescor Restaurant Group Inc.








Popular Profiles






														Sign up now to view more executive profiles »
														









Thomas J. Lynch
Executive Chairman, TE Connectivity Ltd.









John J. Kita
EVP and CFO, A. O. Smith









Carl G. Annessa
EVP and COO, Hornbeck Offshore Services, Inc.









Elon R. Musk
CEO and Chairman, Tesla









Michael C. Montgomery
Board Member, NMI Holdings, Inc.












×

Claim Your Profile Coming Soon
Interested in updating your biography and work history?
We're working on making it happen.
We'll email you when this feature is available.
Please enter valid email address.

Done


Thank you for your interest.
Ok






			Browse executive profiles:
			
				 A
			
				 B
			
				 C
			
				 D
			
				 E
			
				 F
			
				 G
			
				 H
			
				 I
			
				 J
			
				 K
			
				 L
			
				 M
			
				 N
			
				 O
			
				 P
			
				 Q
			
				 R
			
				 S
			
				 T
			
				 U
			
				 V
			
				 W
			
				 X
			
				 Y
			
				 Z



Equilar Homepage
Equilar Atlas
Equilar Insight
Equilar BoardEdge
Equilar Engage
Research Services
Knowledge Network
About Us
Login

ï¿½ 2017 Equilar All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
1100 Marshall Street, Redwood City, CA 94063 | Phone (650) 241-6600 | Fax (650) 701-0993
















John Schnatter - Wikipedia





















 







John Schnatter

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia

This is the latest accepted revision, reviewed on 27 July 2017.




					Jump to:					navigation, 					search



John Schnatter


Born
John H. Schnatter
(1961-11-22) November 22, 1961 (age 55)
Jeffersonville, Indiana, U.S.


Residence
Anchorage, Kentucky, U.S.[1]


Nationality
American


Other names
Papa John


Alma mater
Ball State University[2]


Occupation
Founder, CEO, and spokesman of Papa John's International, Inc.


Years active
1984–present


Net worth
US$1 billion[3]


Spouse(s)
Annette (m. 1987)


Children
3


John H. Schnatter (born November 22, 1961) is an American entrepreneur and the founder, CEO, and spokesman of Papa John's International, Inc.[4]



Contents


1 Early life and education
2 Career

2.1 The Camaro


3 Personal life

3.1 Politics


4 Awards and honors
5 References
6 External links



Early life and education[edit]
Schnatter was born in Jeffersonville, Indiana, on November 22, 1961[5] to Mary and Robert Schnatter. He graduated from Jeffersonville High School in 1980, then earned a business degree from Ball State University in 1983.[2][5]
In the 1980s, John Schnatter's father co-owned Mick's Lounge, a tavern in Jeffersonville.[2]
Career[edit]
The Papa John's pizza business was founded in 1984 when "Papa" John Schnatter knocked out a broom closet in the back of his father's tavern in Jeffersonville, Indiana.[5] Schnatter sold his 1971 Z28 Camaro to purchase $1,600 worth of used pizza equipment and began selling pizzas to the tavern's customers out of the converted closet.[6][7][8] His pizzas proved so popular that the following year he was able to move into an adjoining space. Today, the company is the third largest take-out and pizza delivery restaurant chain in the world,[9][10] with headquarters in Jeffersontown, Kentucky, near Louisville.[11][12][13]
The Camaro[edit]
In 1983, Schnatter sold his 1971 Chevrolet Camaro to help his father's struggling business. He used the leftover funds to start Papa John's. Decades later, he offered a reward of $250,000 for finding the car, and on August 26, 2009, Schnatter bought the Camaro back for $250,000 from the family that he sold the car to in 1983.[14][15] In celebration, Papa John's offered a free pizza to anyone who owned a Camaro.[16] Schnatter's original Camaro has been on display in the company's headquarters in Louisville, Kentucky. The company owns several replicas that are used on tours and for public and TV appearances.[17][unreliable source?] On August 15, 2015, Schnatter's original Camaro was stolen along with two other classic cars in Detroit, where they were slated to appear in the city's annual Woodward Dream Cruise.[18] The Camaro was recovered two days later on the city's west side with minimal damage.[19]
Personal life[edit]
Schnatter has been married to his wife, Annette, since 1987. The couple has three children. The Schnatter family resides in Anchorage, Kentucky.[5] Schnatter identifies as an Evangelical Christian and is a member of the Southeast Christian Church.[20]
Schnatter made a million-dollar contribution to the Louisville Zoo's Glacier Run expansion.[21] His Calistoga Bakery sponsors a bike team and donated money to build bike trails.
Politics[edit]
In 2012, Papa John's and Schnatter received media attention after he made critical comments about the Affordable Care Act to a class on entrepreneurship.[22]
Schnatter had hosted a fundraiser at his home for Republican Party candidate Mitt Romney in May 2012.[23]
Schnatter contributed to Donald Trump's 2016 presidential campaign and made supportive comments about his administration in January 2017.[24]
Awards and honors[edit]






This section has multiple issues. Please help improve it or discuss these issues on the talk page. (Learn how and when to remove these template messages)






This section needs additional citations for verification. Please help improve this article by adding citations to reliable sources. Unsourced material may be challenged and removed. (March 2017) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)







This section is in a list format that may be better presented using prose. You can help by converting this section to prose, if appropriate. Editing help is available. (March 2017)




(Learn how and when to remove this template message)



Inducted into the Junior Achievement U.S. Business Hall of Fame in 2007.
Named one of the Ten Outstanding Young Americans in 2000 by the National Jaycees Organization.
Named 1998 National Ernst & Young Retail/Consumer Entrepreneur of The Year.
In May 2009 Schnatter was named honorary chair of the Ride to Conquer Cancer benefiting Louisville's Norton Cancer Institute.[25]
Inducted into the Kentucky Entrepreneur Hall of Fame in 2010.
In 2012, he became an honorary initiate of Alpha Tau Omega.

References[edit]


^ "WLKY-TV airs one-on-one interview with John Schnatter". 
^ a b c Kleber, John E., ed. (2001). "Papa John's International Inc.". The Encyclopedia of Louisville. Lexington, Kentucky: University Press of Kentucky. p. 688. ISBN 0-8131-2100-0. OCLC 247857447. Retrieved March 22, 2017. 
^ "New Billionaire: How Papa John's CEO John Schnatter Turned Pizza Into Ten-Figure Fortune". 
^ "The story of Papa John's". Papajohns.com. Retrieved July 30, 2010. 
^ a b c d Wolfson, Andrew (January 13, 2013). "The real Papa John: Pizza entrepreneur John Schnatter makes no apologies for wealth, success, Obamacare remarks | Math whiz mixed pizza passion, finance". The Courier-Journal. Retrieved March 22, 2017. 
^ "The Papa John's Story". Papa John's (GB) Ltd. Archived from the original on July 10, 2013. Retrieved August 2, 2013. 
^ "Profile: John Schnatter". Forbes. Retrieved April 12, 2013. 
^ "About Papa Johns". Papa John's International. Retrieved April 12, 2013. 
^ "Papa John's offering free pizza to customers who place online order during Super Bowl weekend". WDRB. January 28, 2015. Retrieved March 9, 2015. 
^ Green, Kim (January 15, 2015). "Sunday With Papa John's Founder John Schnatter". Parade. Retrieved March 9, 2015. 
^ "Jeffersontown to dedicate new bike and walking path Saturday". The Courier-Journal. November 7, 2007. p. C7. Retrieved December 6, 2012. Papa John's office is in Jeffersontown 
^ "Papa's Specialty Pizza Challenge". Papa John's Pizza. Retrieved on December 6, 2012. "Papa John's International Inc., 2002 Papa John's Blvd, Louisville, KY 40299". Archived October 23, 2014, at the Wayback Machine.
^ 2010 "Census – Census Block Map (Index): Jeffersontown city, KY 1". U.S. Census Bureau. Retrieved on December 7, 2012.
^ "Papa John's boss finds Camaro, gives free pizza". NBC News. Associated Press. August 25, 2009. Retrieved August 17, 2015. 
^ "Found: Papa John's Long-Lost Camaro! Kentucky Man Receives $250,000 Finder's Fee". Papa John's. August 25, 2009. Retrieved January 17, 2015. 
^ Associated, The (September 2, 2009). "Papa John's founder pays 250Kg for Camaro". Courierlifenews.com. Archived from the original on July 30, 2010. Retrieved July 30, 2010. 
^ Whyte, Carol (August 26, 2009). "Founder of Papa John's Reunited with Camaro Sold in 1983". Yahoo Voices. Archived from the original on October 3, 2013. Retrieved August 17, 2015. 
^ Heiser, Tom (August 17, 2015). "John Schnatter's Camaro stolen in Detroit". The Courier-Journal. Retrieved August 17, 2015. 
^ Greenwood, Tom; Chambers, Jennifer (August 17, 2015). "Stolen Papa John's Camaro found on Detroit's west side". The Detroit News. Retrieved August 22, 2015. 
^ Cesca, Bob (August 6, 2012). "Chick-Fil-A Isn't the Only Evil Fast Food Chain". The Daily Banter. Retrieved October 11, 2015. 
^ "Back to dough after losing bread: Papa John Schnatter shutters Calistoga Artisan Sandwich project after three and a half years". Insider Louisville. Archived from the original on April 19, 2012. Retrieved December 5, 2012. 
^ Resnikoff, Ned (November 20, 2012). "Denny's, Papa John's walk back criticism of Obamacare". NBCNews.com. Retrieved February 4, 2014. 
^ Gerth, Joseph (April 17, 2012). "Presidential hopeful Mitt Romney to visit Louisville Thursday for fundraiser". The Courier-Journal. Retrieved February 4, 2014. 
^ Taylor, Kate (January 29, 2017). "PAPA JOHN'S CEO: America is on a path to becoming what Germany was in 1867". businessinsider.com. 
^ "Conquer Cancer website". Conquercancer.ca. May 28, 2009. Retrieved July 30, 2010. 


External links[edit]

John Schnatter on Twitter 





 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=John_Schnatter&oldid=792631205"					
Categories: 1961 birthsAmerican billionairesAmerican businesspeopleAmerican chief executives of food industry companiesAmerican ChristiansBall State University alumniLiving peoplePeople from Jeffersonville, IndianaBusinesspeople from Louisville, KentuckyPizza chain foundersKentucky RepublicansAmerican food company foundersHidden categories: Webarchive template wayback linksWikipedia pending changes protected pages (level 1)Use mdy dates from April 2015Articles with hCardsAll articles lacking reliable referencesArticles lacking reliable references from September 2015Articles needing additional references from March 2017All articles needing additional referencesArticles needing cleanup from March 2017All pages needing cleanupArticles with sections that need to be turned into prose from March 2017 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages



Add links 





 This page was last edited on 27 July 2017, at 17:36.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









John Schnatter - Wikipedia





















 







John Schnatter

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia

This is the latest accepted revision, reviewed on 27 July 2017.




					Jump to:					navigation, 					search



John Schnatter


Born
John H. Schnatter
(1961-11-22) November 22, 1961 (age 55)
Jeffersonville, Indiana, U.S.


Residence
Anchorage, Kentucky, U.S.[1]


Nationality
American


Other names
Papa John


Alma mater
Ball State University[2]


Occupation
Founder, CEO, and spokesman of Papa John's International, Inc.


Years active
1984–present


Net worth
US$1 billion[3]


Spouse(s)
Annette (m. 1987)


Children
3


John H. Schnatter (born November 22, 1961) is an American entrepreneur and the founder, CEO, and spokesman of Papa John's International, Inc.[4]



Contents


1 Early life and education
2 Career

2.1 The Camaro


3 Personal life

3.1 Politics


4 Awards and honors
5 References
6 External links



Early life and education[edit]
Schnatter was born in Jeffersonville, Indiana, on November 22, 1961[5] to Mary and Robert Schnatter. He graduated from Jeffersonville High School in 1980, then earned a business degree from Ball State University in 1983.[2][5]
In the 1980s, John Schnatter's father co-owned Mick's Lounge, a tavern in Jeffersonville.[2]
Career[edit]
The Papa John's pizza business was founded in 1984 when "Papa" John Schnatter knocked out a broom closet in the back of his father's tavern in Jeffersonville, Indiana.[5] Schnatter sold his 1971 Z28 Camaro to purchase $1,600 worth of used pizza equipment and began selling pizzas to the tavern's customers out of the converted closet.[6][7][8] His pizzas proved so popular that the following year he was able to move into an adjoining space. Today, the company is the third largest take-out and pizza delivery restaurant chain in the world,[9][10] with headquarters in Jeffersontown, Kentucky, near Louisville.[11][12][13]
The Camaro[edit]
In 1983, Schnatter sold his 1971 Chevrolet Camaro to help his father's struggling business. He used the leftover funds to start Papa John's. Decades later, he offered a reward of $250,000 for finding the car, and on August 26, 2009, Schnatter bought the Camaro back for $250,000 from the family that he sold the car to in 1983.[14][15] In celebration, Papa John's offered a free pizza to anyone who owned a Camaro.[16] Schnatter's original Camaro has been on display in the company's headquarters in Louisville, Kentucky. The company owns several replicas that are used on tours and for public and TV appearances.[17][unreliable source?] On August 15, 2015, Schnatter's original Camaro was stolen along with two other classic cars in Detroit, where they were slated to appear in the city's annual Woodward Dream Cruise.[18] The Camaro was recovered two days later on the city's west side with minimal damage.[19]
Personal life[edit]
Schnatter has been married to his wife, Annette, since 1987. The couple has three children. The Schnatter family resides in Anchorage, Kentucky.[5] Schnatter identifies as an Evangelical Christian and is a member of the Southeast Christian Church.[20]
Schnatter made a million-dollar contribution to the Louisville Zoo's Glacier Run expansion.[21] His Calistoga Bakery sponsors a bike team and donated money to build bike trails.
Politics[edit]
In 2012, Papa John's and Schnatter received media attention after he made critical comments about the Affordable Care Act to a class on entrepreneurship.[22]
Schnatter had hosted a fundraiser at his home for Republican Party candidate Mitt Romney in May 2012.[23]
Schnatter contributed to Donald Trump's 2016 presidential campaign and made supportive comments about his administration in January 2017.[24]
Awards and honors[edit]






This section has multiple issues. Please help improve it or discuss these issues on the talk page. (Learn how and when to remove these template messages)






This section needs additional citations for verification. Please help improve this article by adding citations to reliable sources. Unsourced material may be challenged and removed. (March 2017) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)







This section is in a list format that may be better presented using prose. You can help by converting this section to prose, if appropriate. Editing help is available. (March 2017)




(Learn how and when to remove this template message)



Inducted into the Junior Achievement U.S. Business Hall of Fame in 2007.
Named one of the Ten Outstanding Young Americans in 2000 by the National Jaycees Organization.
Named 1998 National Ernst & Young Retail/Consumer Entrepreneur of The Year.
In May 2009 Schnatter was named honorary chair of the Ride to Conquer Cancer benefiting Louisville's Norton Cancer Institute.[25]
Inducted into the Kentucky Entrepreneur Hall of Fame in 2010.
In 2012, he became an honorary initiate of Alpha Tau Omega.

References[edit]


^ "WLKY-TV airs one-on-one interview with John Schnatter". 
^ a b c Kleber, John E., ed. (2001). "Papa John's International Inc.". The Encyclopedia of Louisville. Lexington, Kentucky: University Press of Kentucky. p. 688. ISBN 0-8131-2100-0. OCLC 247857447. Retrieved March 22, 2017. 
^ "New Billionaire: How Papa John's CEO John Schnatter Turned Pizza Into Ten-Figure Fortune". 
^ "The story of Papa John's". Papajohns.com. Retrieved July 30, 2010. 
^ a b c d Wolfson, Andrew (January 13, 2013). "The real Papa John: Pizza entrepreneur John Schnatter makes no apologies for wealth, success, Obamacare remarks | Math whiz mixed pizza passion, finance". The Courier-Journal. Retrieved March 22, 2017. 
^ "The Papa John's Story". Papa John's (GB) Ltd. Archived from the original on July 10, 2013. Retrieved August 2, 2013. 
^ "Profile: John Schnatter". Forbes. Retrieved April 12, 2013. 
^ "About Papa Johns". Papa John's International. Retrieved April 12, 2013. 
^ "Papa John's offering free pizza to customers who place online order during Super Bowl weekend". WDRB. January 28, 2015. Retrieved March 9, 2015. 
^ Green, Kim (January 15, 2015). "Sunday With Papa John's Founder John Schnatter". Parade. Retrieved March 9, 2015. 
^ "Jeffersontown to dedicate new bike and walking path Saturday". The Courier-Journal. November 7, 2007. p. C7. Retrieved December 6, 2012. Papa John's office is in Jeffersontown 
^ "Papa's Specialty Pizza Challenge". Papa John's Pizza. Retrieved on December 6, 2012. "Papa John's International Inc., 2002 Papa John's Blvd, Louisville, KY 40299". Archived October 23, 2014, at the Wayback Machine.
^ 2010 "Census – Census Block Map (Index): Jeffersontown city, KY 1". U.S. Census Bureau. Retrieved on December 7, 2012.
^ "Papa John's boss finds Camaro, gives free pizza". NBC News. Associated Press. August 25, 2009. Retrieved August 17, 2015. 
^ "Found: Papa John's Long-Lost Camaro! Kentucky Man Receives $250,000 Finder's Fee". Papa John's. August 25, 2009. Retrieved January 17, 2015. 
^ Associated, The (September 2, 2009). "Papa John's founder pays 250Kg for Camaro". Courierlifenews.com. Archived from the original on July 30, 2010. Retrieved July 30, 2010. 
^ Whyte, Carol (August 26, 2009). "Founder of Papa John's Reunited with Camaro Sold in 1983". Yahoo Voices. Archived from the original on October 3, 2013. Retrieved August 17, 2015. 
^ Heiser, Tom (August 17, 2015). "John Schnatter's Camaro stolen in Detroit". The Courier-Journal. Retrieved August 17, 2015. 
^ Greenwood, Tom; Chambers, Jennifer (August 17, 2015). "Stolen Papa John's Camaro found on Detroit's west side". The Detroit News. Retrieved August 22, 2015. 
^ Cesca, Bob (August 6, 2012). "Chick-Fil-A Isn't the Only Evil Fast Food Chain". The Daily Banter. Retrieved October 11, 2015. 
^ "Back to dough after losing bread: Papa John Schnatter shutters Calistoga Artisan Sandwich project after three and a half years". Insider Louisville. Archived from the original on April 19, 2012. Retrieved December 5, 2012. 
^ Resnikoff, Ned (November 20, 2012). "Denny's, Papa John's walk back criticism of Obamacare". NBCNews.com. Retrieved February 4, 2014. 
^ Gerth, Joseph (April 17, 2012). "Presidential hopeful Mitt Romney to visit Louisville Thursday for fundraiser". The Courier-Journal. Retrieved February 4, 2014. 
^ Taylor, Kate (January 29, 2017). "PAPA JOHN'S CEO: America is on a path to becoming what Germany was in 1867". businessinsider.com. 
^ "Conquer Cancer website". Conquercancer.ca. May 28, 2009. Retrieved July 30, 2010. 


External links[edit]

John Schnatter on Twitter 





 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=John_Schnatter&oldid=792631205"					
Categories: 1961 birthsAmerican billionairesAmerican businesspeopleAmerican chief executives of food industry companiesAmerican ChristiansBall State University alumniLiving peoplePeople from Jeffersonville, IndianaBusinesspeople from Louisville, KentuckyPizza chain foundersKentucky RepublicansAmerican food company foundersHidden categories: Webarchive template wayback linksWikipedia pending changes protected pages (level 1)Use mdy dates from April 2015Articles with hCardsAll articles lacking reliable referencesArticles lacking reliable references from September 2015Articles needing additional references from March 2017All articles needing additional referencesArticles needing cleanup from March 2017All pages needing cleanupArticles with sections that need to be turned into prose from March 2017 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages



Add links 





 This page was last edited on 27 July 2017, at 17:36.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









John Schnatter - Wikipedia





















 







John Schnatter

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia

This is the latest accepted revision, reviewed on 27 July 2017.




					Jump to:					navigation, 					search



John Schnatter


Born
John H. Schnatter
(1961-11-22) November 22, 1961 (age 55)
Jeffersonville, Indiana, U.S.


Residence
Anchorage, Kentucky, U.S.[1]


Nationality
American


Other names
Papa John


Alma mater
Ball State University[2]


Occupation
Founder, CEO, and spokesman of Papa John's International, Inc.


Years active
1984–present


Net worth
US$1 billion[3]


Spouse(s)
Annette (m. 1987)


Children
3


John H. Schnatter (born November 22, 1961) is an American entrepreneur and the founder, CEO, and spokesman of Papa John's International, Inc.[4]



Contents


1 Early life and education
2 Career

2.1 The Camaro


3 Personal life

3.1 Politics


4 Awards and honors
5 References
6 External links



Early life and education[edit]
Schnatter was born in Jeffersonville, Indiana, on November 22, 1961[5] to Mary and Robert Schnatter. He graduated from Jeffersonville High School in 1980, then earned a business degree from Ball State University in 1983.[2][5]
In the 1980s, John Schnatter's father co-owned Mick's Lounge, a tavern in Jeffersonville.[2]
Career[edit]
The Papa John's pizza business was founded in 1984 when "Papa" John Schnatter knocked out a broom closet in the back of his father's tavern in Jeffersonville, Indiana.[5] Schnatter sold his 1971 Z28 Camaro to purchase $1,600 worth of used pizza equipment and began selling pizzas to the tavern's customers out of the converted closet.[6][7][8] His pizzas proved so popular that the following year he was able to move into an adjoining space. Today, the company is the third largest take-out and pizza delivery restaurant chain in the world,[9][10] with headquarters in Jeffersontown, Kentucky, near Louisville.[11][12][13]
The Camaro[edit]
In 1983, Schnatter sold his 1971 Chevrolet Camaro to help his father's struggling business. He used the leftover funds to start Papa John's. Decades later, he offered a reward of $250,000 for finding the car, and on August 26, 2009, Schnatter bought the Camaro back for $250,000 from the family that he sold the car to in 1983.[14][15] In celebration, Papa John's offered a free pizza to anyone who owned a Camaro.[16] Schnatter's original Camaro has been on display in the company's headquarters in Louisville, Kentucky. The company owns several replicas that are used on tours and for public and TV appearances.[17][unreliable source?] On August 15, 2015, Schnatter's original Camaro was stolen along with two other classic cars in Detroit, where they were slated to appear in the city's annual Woodward Dream Cruise.[18] The Camaro was recovered two days later on the city's west side with minimal damage.[19]
Personal life[edit]
Schnatter has been married to his wife, Annette, since 1987. The couple has three children. The Schnatter family resides in Anchorage, Kentucky.[5] Schnatter identifies as an Evangelical Christian and is a member of the Southeast Christian Church.[20]
Schnatter made a million-dollar contribution to the Louisville Zoo's Glacier Run expansion.[21] His Calistoga Bakery sponsors a bike team and donated money to build bike trails.
Politics[edit]
In 2012, Papa John's and Schnatter received media attention after he made critical comments about the Affordable Care Act to a class on entrepreneurship.[22]
Schnatter had hosted a fundraiser at his home for Republican Party candidate Mitt Romney in May 2012.[23]
Schnatter contributed to Donald Trump's 2016 presidential campaign and made supportive comments about his administration in January 2017.[24]
Awards and honors[edit]






This section has multiple issues. Please help improve it or discuss these issues on the talk page. (Learn how and when to remove these template messages)






This section needs additional citations for verification. Please help improve this article by adding citations to reliable sources. Unsourced material may be challenged and removed. (March 2017) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)







This section is in a list format that may be better presented using prose. You can help by converting this section to prose, if appropriate. Editing help is available. (March 2017)




(Learn how and when to remove this template message)



Inducted into the Junior Achievement U.S. Business Hall of Fame in 2007.
Named one of the Ten Outstanding Young Americans in 2000 by the National Jaycees Organization.
Named 1998 National Ernst & Young Retail/Consumer Entrepreneur of The Year.
In May 2009 Schnatter was named honorary chair of the Ride to Conquer Cancer benefiting Louisville's Norton Cancer Institute.[25]
Inducted into the Kentucky Entrepreneur Hall of Fame in 2010.
In 2012, he became an honorary initiate of Alpha Tau Omega.

References[edit]


^ "WLKY-TV airs one-on-one interview with John Schnatter". 
^ a b c Kleber, John E., ed. (2001). "Papa John's International Inc.". The Encyclopedia of Louisville. Lexington, Kentucky: University Press of Kentucky. p. 688. ISBN 0-8131-2100-0. OCLC 247857447. Retrieved March 22, 2017. 
^ "New Billionaire: How Papa John's CEO John Schnatter Turned Pizza Into Ten-Figure Fortune". 
^ "The story of Papa John's". Papajohns.com. Retrieved July 30, 2010. 
^ a b c d Wolfson, Andrew (January 13, 2013). "The real Papa John: Pizza entrepreneur John Schnatter makes no apologies for wealth, success, Obamacare remarks | Math whiz mixed pizza passion, finance". The Courier-Journal. Retrieved March 22, 2017. 
^ "The Papa John's Story". Papa John's (GB) Ltd. Archived from the original on July 10, 2013. Retrieved August 2, 2013. 
^ "Profile: John Schnatter". Forbes. Retrieved April 12, 2013. 
^ "About Papa Johns". Papa John's International. Retrieved April 12, 2013. 
^ "Papa John's offering free pizza to customers who place online order during Super Bowl weekend". WDRB. January 28, 2015. Retrieved March 9, 2015. 
^ Green, Kim (January 15, 2015). "Sunday With Papa John's Founder John Schnatter". Parade. Retrieved March 9, 2015. 
^ "Jeffersontown to dedicate new bike and walking path Saturday". The Courier-Journal. November 7, 2007. p. C7. Retrieved December 6, 2012. Papa John's office is in Jeffersontown 
^ "Papa's Specialty Pizza Challenge". Papa John's Pizza. Retrieved on December 6, 2012. "Papa John's International Inc., 2002 Papa John's Blvd, Louisville, KY 40299". Archived October 23, 2014, at the Wayback Machine.
^ 2010 "Census – Census Block Map (Index): Jeffersontown city, KY 1". U.S. Census Bureau. Retrieved on December 7, 2012.
^ "Papa John's boss finds Camaro, gives free pizza". NBC News. Associated Press. August 25, 2009. Retrieved August 17, 2015. 
^ "Found: Papa John's Long-Lost Camaro! Kentucky Man Receives $250,000 Finder's Fee". Papa John's. August 25, 2009. Retrieved January 17, 2015. 
^ Associated, The (September 2, 2009). "Papa John's founder pays 250Kg for Camaro". Courierlifenews.com. Archived from the original on July 30, 2010. Retrieved July 30, 2010. 
^ Whyte, Carol (August 26, 2009). "Founder of Papa John's Reunited with Camaro Sold in 1983". Yahoo Voices. Archived from the original on October 3, 2013. Retrieved August 17, 2015. 
^ Heiser, Tom (August 17, 2015). "John Schnatter's Camaro stolen in Detroit". The Courier-Journal. Retrieved August 17, 2015. 
^ Greenwood, Tom; Chambers, Jennifer (August 17, 2015). "Stolen Papa John's Camaro found on Detroit's west side". The Detroit News. Retrieved August 22, 2015. 
^ Cesca, Bob (August 6, 2012). "Chick-Fil-A Isn't the Only Evil Fast Food Chain". The Daily Banter. Retrieved October 11, 2015. 
^ "Back to dough after losing bread: Papa John Schnatter shutters Calistoga Artisan Sandwich project after three and a half years". Insider Louisville. Archived from the original on April 19, 2012. Retrieved December 5, 2012. 
^ Resnikoff, Ned (November 20, 2012). "Denny's, Papa John's walk back criticism of Obamacare". NBCNews.com. Retrieved February 4, 2014. 
^ Gerth, Joseph (April 17, 2012). "Presidential hopeful Mitt Romney to visit Louisville Thursday for fundraiser". The Courier-Journal. Retrieved February 4, 2014. 
^ Taylor, Kate (January 29, 2017). "PAPA JOHN'S CEO: America is on a path to becoming what Germany was in 1867". businessinsider.com. 
^ "Conquer Cancer website". Conquercancer.ca. May 28, 2009. Retrieved July 30, 2010. 


External links[edit]

John Schnatter on Twitter 





 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=John_Schnatter&oldid=792631205"					
Categories: 1961 birthsAmerican billionairesAmerican businesspeopleAmerican chief executives of food industry companiesAmerican ChristiansBall State University alumniLiving peoplePeople from Jeffersonville, IndianaBusinesspeople from Louisville, KentuckyPizza chain foundersKentucky RepublicansAmerican food company foundersHidden categories: Webarchive template wayback linksWikipedia pending changes protected pages (level 1)Use mdy dates from April 2015Articles with hCardsAll articles lacking reliable referencesArticles lacking reliable references from September 2015Articles needing additional references from March 2017All articles needing additional referencesArticles needing cleanup from March 2017All pages needing cleanupArticles with sections that need to be turned into prose from March 2017 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages



Add links 





 This page was last edited on 27 July 2017, at 17:36.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









John Schnatter - Wikipedia





















 







John Schnatter

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia

This is the latest accepted revision, reviewed on 27 July 2017.




					Jump to:					navigation, 					search



John Schnatter


Born
John H. Schnatter
(1961-11-22) November 22, 1961 (age 55)
Jeffersonville, Indiana, U.S.


Residence
Anchorage, Kentucky, U.S.[1]


Nationality
American


Other names
Papa John


Alma mater
Ball State University[2]


Occupation
Founder, CEO, and spokesman of Papa John's International, Inc.


Years active
1984–present


Net worth
US$1 billion[3]


Spouse(s)
Annette (m. 1987)


Children
3


John H. Schnatter (born November 22, 1961) is an American entrepreneur and the founder, CEO, and spokesman of Papa John's International, Inc.[4]



Contents


1 Early life and education
2 Career

2.1 The Camaro


3 Personal life

3.1 Politics


4 Awards and honors
5 References
6 External links



Early life and education[edit]
Schnatter was born in Jeffersonville, Indiana, on November 22, 1961[5] to Mary and Robert Schnatter. He graduated from Jeffersonville High School in 1980, then earned a business degree from Ball State University in 1983.[2][5]
In the 1980s, John Schnatter's father co-owned Mick's Lounge, a tavern in Jeffersonville.[2]
Career[edit]
The Papa John's pizza business was founded in 1984 when "Papa" John Schnatter knocked out a broom closet in the back of his father's tavern in Jeffersonville, Indiana.[5] Schnatter sold his 1971 Z28 Camaro to purchase $1,600 worth of used pizza equipment and began selling pizzas to the tavern's customers out of the converted closet.[6][7][8] His pizzas proved so popular that the following year he was able to move into an adjoining space. Today, the company is the third largest take-out and pizza delivery restaurant chain in the world,[9][10] with headquarters in Jeffersontown, Kentucky, near Louisville.[11][12][13]
The Camaro[edit]
In 1983, Schnatter sold his 1971 Chevrolet Camaro to help his father's struggling business. He used the leftover funds to start Papa John's. Decades later, he offered a reward of $250,000 for finding the car, and on August 26, 2009, Schnatter bought the Camaro back for $250,000 from the family that he sold the car to in 1983.[14][15] In celebration, Papa John's offered a free pizza to anyone who owned a Camaro.[16] Schnatter's original Camaro has been on display in the company's headquarters in Louisville, Kentucky. The company owns several replicas that are used on tours and for public and TV appearances.[17][unreliable source?] On August 15, 2015, Schnatter's original Camaro was stolen along with two other classic cars in Detroit, where they were slated to appear in the city's annual Woodward Dream Cruise.[18] The Camaro was recovered two days later on the city's west side with minimal damage.[19]
Personal life[edit]
Schnatter has been married to his wife, Annette, since 1987. The couple has three children. The Schnatter family resides in Anchorage, Kentucky.[5] Schnatter identifies as an Evangelical Christian and is a member of the Southeast Christian Church.[20]
Schnatter made a million-dollar contribution to the Louisville Zoo's Glacier Run expansion.[21] His Calistoga Bakery sponsors a bike team and donated money to build bike trails.
Politics[edit]
In 2012, Papa John's and Schnatter received media attention after he made critical comments about the Affordable Care Act to a class on entrepreneurship.[22]
Schnatter had hosted a fundraiser at his home for Republican Party candidate Mitt Romney in May 2012.[23]
Schnatter contributed to Donald Trump's 2016 presidential campaign and made supportive comments about his administration in January 2017.[24]
Awards and honors[edit]






This section has multiple issues. Please help improve it or discuss these issues on the talk page. (Learn how and when to remove these template messages)






This section needs additional citations for verification. Please help improve this article by adding citations to reliable sources. Unsourced material may be challenged and removed. (March 2017) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)







This section is in a list format that may be better presented using prose. You can help by converting this section to prose, if appropriate. Editing help is available. (March 2017)




(Learn how and when to remove this template message)



Inducted into the Junior Achievement U.S. Business Hall of Fame in 2007.
Named one of the Ten Outstanding Young Americans in 2000 by the National Jaycees Organization.
Named 1998 National Ernst & Young Retail/Consumer Entrepreneur of The Year.
In May 2009 Schnatter was named honorary chair of the Ride to Conquer Cancer benefiting Louisville's Norton Cancer Institute.[25]
Inducted into the Kentucky Entrepreneur Hall of Fame in 2010.
In 2012, he became an honorary initiate of Alpha Tau Omega.

References[edit]


^ "WLKY-TV airs one-on-one interview with John Schnatter". 
^ a b c Kleber, John E., ed. (2001). "Papa John's International Inc.". The Encyclopedia of Louisville. Lexington, Kentucky: University Press of Kentucky. p. 688. ISBN 0-8131-2100-0. OCLC 247857447. Retrieved March 22, 2017. 
^ "New Billionaire: How Papa John's CEO John Schnatter Turned Pizza Into Ten-Figure Fortune". 
^ "The story of Papa John's". Papajohns.com. Retrieved July 30, 2010. 
^ a b c d Wolfson, Andrew (January 13, 2013). "The real Papa John: Pizza entrepreneur John Schnatter makes no apologies for wealth, success, Obamacare remarks | Math whiz mixed pizza passion, finance". The Courier-Journal. Retrieved March 22, 2017. 
^ "The Papa John's Story". Papa John's (GB) Ltd. Archived from the original on July 10, 2013. Retrieved August 2, 2013. 
^ "Profile: John Schnatter". Forbes. Retrieved April 12, 2013. 
^ "About Papa Johns". Papa John's International. Retrieved April 12, 2013. 
^ "Papa John's offering free pizza to customers who place online order during Super Bowl weekend". WDRB. January 28, 2015. Retrieved March 9, 2015. 
^ Green, Kim (January 15, 2015). "Sunday With Papa John's Founder John Schnatter". Parade. Retrieved March 9, 2015. 
^ "Jeffersontown to dedicate new bike and walking path Saturday". The Courier-Journal. November 7, 2007. p. C7. Retrieved December 6, 2012. Papa John's office is in Jeffersontown 
^ "Papa's Specialty Pizza Challenge". Papa John's Pizza. Retrieved on December 6, 2012. "Papa John's International Inc., 2002 Papa John's Blvd, Louisville, KY 40299". Archived October 23, 2014, at the Wayback Machine.
^ 2010 "Census – Census Block Map (Index): Jeffersontown city, KY 1". U.S. Census Bureau. Retrieved on December 7, 2012.
^ "Papa John's boss finds Camaro, gives free pizza". NBC News. Associated Press. August 25, 2009. Retrieved August 17, 2015. 
^ "Found: Papa John's Long-Lost Camaro! Kentucky Man Receives $250,000 Finder's Fee". Papa John's. August 25, 2009. Retrieved January 17, 2015. 
^ Associated, The (September 2, 2009). "Papa John's founder pays 250Kg for Camaro". Courierlifenews.com. Archived from the original on July 30, 2010. Retrieved July 30, 2010. 
^ Whyte, Carol (August 26, 2009). "Founder of Papa John's Reunited with Camaro Sold in 1983". Yahoo Voices. Archived from the original on October 3, 2013. Retrieved August 17, 2015. 
^ Heiser, Tom (August 17, 2015). "John Schnatter's Camaro stolen in Detroit". The Courier-Journal. Retrieved August 17, 2015. 
^ Greenwood, Tom; Chambers, Jennifer (August 17, 2015). "Stolen Papa John's Camaro found on Detroit's west side". The Detroit News. Retrieved August 22, 2015. 
^ Cesca, Bob (August 6, 2012). "Chick-Fil-A Isn't the Only Evil Fast Food Chain". The Daily Banter. Retrieved October 11, 2015. 
^ "Back to dough after losing bread: Papa John Schnatter shutters Calistoga Artisan Sandwich project after three and a half years". Insider Louisville. Archived from the original on April 19, 2012. Retrieved December 5, 2012. 
^ Resnikoff, Ned (November 20, 2012). "Denny's, Papa John's walk back criticism of Obamacare". NBCNews.com. Retrieved February 4, 2014. 
^ Gerth, Joseph (April 17, 2012). "Presidential hopeful Mitt Romney to visit Louisville Thursday for fundraiser". The Courier-Journal. Retrieved February 4, 2014. 
^ Taylor, Kate (January 29, 2017). "PAPA JOHN'S CEO: America is on a path to becoming what Germany was in 1867". businessinsider.com. 
^ "Conquer Cancer website". Conquercancer.ca. May 28, 2009. Retrieved July 30, 2010. 


External links[edit]

John Schnatter on Twitter 





 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=John_Schnatter&oldid=792631205"					
Categories: 1961 birthsAmerican billionairesAmerican businesspeopleAmerican chief executives of food industry companiesAmerican ChristiansBall State University alumniLiving peoplePeople from Jeffersonville, IndianaBusinesspeople from Louisville, KentuckyPizza chain foundersKentucky RepublicansAmerican food company foundersHidden categories: Webarchive template wayback linksWikipedia pending changes protected pages (level 1)Use mdy dates from April 2015Articles with hCardsAll articles lacking reliable referencesArticles lacking reliable references from September 2015Articles needing additional references from March 2017All articles needing additional referencesArticles needing cleanup from March 2017All pages needing cleanupArticles with sections that need to be turned into prose from March 2017 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages



Add links 





 This page was last edited on 27 July 2017, at 17:36.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









John Schnatter - Wikipedia





















 







John Schnatter

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia

This is the latest accepted revision, reviewed on 27 July 2017.




					Jump to:					navigation, 					search



John Schnatter


Born
John H. Schnatter
(1961-11-22) November 22, 1961 (age 55)
Jeffersonville, Indiana, U.S.


Residence
Anchorage, Kentucky, U.S.[1]


Nationality
American


Other names
Papa John


Alma mater
Ball State University[2]


Occupation
Founder, CEO, and spokesman of Papa John's International, Inc.


Years active
1984–present


Net worth
US$1 billion[3]


Spouse(s)
Annette (m. 1987)


Children
3


John H. Schnatter (born November 22, 1961) is an American entrepreneur and the founder, CEO, and spokesman of Papa John's International, Inc.[4]



Contents


1 Early life and education
2 Career

2.1 The Camaro


3 Personal life

3.1 Politics


4 Awards and honors
5 References
6 External links



Early life and education[edit]
Schnatter was born in Jeffersonville, Indiana, on November 22, 1961[5] to Mary and Robert Schnatter. He graduated from Jeffersonville High School in 1980, then earned a business degree from Ball State University in 1983.[2][5]
In the 1980s, John Schnatter's father co-owned Mick's Lounge, a tavern in Jeffersonville.[2]
Career[edit]
The Papa John's pizza business was founded in 1984 when "Papa" John Schnatter knocked out a broom closet in the back of his father's tavern in Jeffersonville, Indiana.[5] Schnatter sold his 1971 Z28 Camaro to purchase $1,600 worth of used pizza equipment and began selling pizzas to the tavern's customers out of the converted closet.[6][7][8] His pizzas proved so popular that the following year he was able to move into an adjoining space. Today, the company is the third largest take-out and pizza delivery restaurant chain in the world,[9][10] with headquarters in Jeffersontown, Kentucky, near Louisville.[11][12][13]
The Camaro[edit]
In 1983, Schnatter sold his 1971 Chevrolet Camaro to help his father's struggling business. He used the leftover funds to start Papa John's. Decades later, he offered a reward of $250,000 for finding the car, and on August 26, 2009, Schnatter bought the Camaro back for $250,000 from the family that he sold the car to in 1983.[14][15] In celebration, Papa John's offered a free pizza to anyone who owned a Camaro.[16] Schnatter's original Camaro has been on display in the company's headquarters in Louisville, Kentucky. The company owns several replicas that are used on tours and for public and TV appearances.[17][unreliable source?] On August 15, 2015, Schnatter's original Camaro was stolen along with two other classic cars in Detroit, where they were slated to appear in the city's annual Woodward Dream Cruise.[18] The Camaro was recovered two days later on the city's west side with minimal damage.[19]
Personal life[edit]
Schnatter has been married to his wife, Annette, since 1987. The couple has three children. The Schnatter family resides in Anchorage, Kentucky.[5] Schnatter identifies as an Evangelical Christian and is a member of the Southeast Christian Church.[20]
Schnatter made a million-dollar contribution to the Louisville Zoo's Glacier Run expansion.[21] His Calistoga Bakery sponsors a bike team and donated money to build bike trails.
Politics[edit]
In 2012, Papa John's and Schnatter received media attention after he made critical comments about the Affordable Care Act to a class on entrepreneurship.[22]
Schnatter had hosted a fundraiser at his home for Republican Party candidate Mitt Romney in May 2012.[23]
Schnatter contributed to Donald Trump's 2016 presidential campaign and made supportive comments about his administration in January 2017.[24]
Awards and honors[edit]






This section has multiple issues. Please help improve it or discuss these issues on the talk page. (Learn how and when to remove these template messages)






This section needs additional citations for verification. Please help improve this article by adding citations to reliable sources. Unsourced material may be challenged and removed. (March 2017) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)







This section is in a list format that may be better presented using prose. You can help by converting this section to prose, if appropriate. Editing help is available. (March 2017)




(Learn how and when to remove this template message)



Inducted into the Junior Achievement U.S. Business Hall of Fame in 2007.
Named one of the Ten Outstanding Young Americans in 2000 by the National Jaycees Organization.
Named 1998 National Ernst & Young Retail/Consumer Entrepreneur of The Year.
In May 2009 Schnatter was named honorary chair of the Ride to Conquer Cancer benefiting Louisville's Norton Cancer Institute.[25]
Inducted into the Kentucky Entrepreneur Hall of Fame in 2010.
In 2012, he became an honorary initiate of Alpha Tau Omega.

References[edit]


^ "WLKY-TV airs one-on-one interview with John Schnatter". 
^ a b c Kleber, John E., ed. (2001). "Papa John's International Inc.". The Encyclopedia of Louisville. Lexington, Kentucky: University Press of Kentucky. p. 688. ISBN 0-8131-2100-0. OCLC 247857447. Retrieved March 22, 2017. 
^ "New Billionaire: How Papa John's CEO John Schnatter Turned Pizza Into Ten-Figure Fortune". 
^ "The story of Papa John's". Papajohns.com. Retrieved July 30, 2010. 
^ a b c d Wolfson, Andrew (January 13, 2013). "The real Papa John: Pizza entrepreneur John Schnatter makes no apologies for wealth, success, Obamacare remarks | Math whiz mixed pizza passion, finance". The Courier-Journal. Retrieved March 22, 2017. 
^ "The Papa John's Story". Papa John's (GB) Ltd. Archived from the original on July 10, 2013. Retrieved August 2, 2013. 
^ "Profile: John Schnatter". Forbes. Retrieved April 12, 2013. 
^ "About Papa Johns". Papa John's International. Retrieved April 12, 2013. 
^ "Papa John's offering free pizza to customers who place online order during Super Bowl weekend". WDRB. January 28, 2015. Retrieved March 9, 2015. 
^ Green, Kim (January 15, 2015). "Sunday With Papa John's Founder John Schnatter". Parade. Retrieved March 9, 2015. 
^ "Jeffersontown to dedicate new bike and walking path Saturday". The Courier-Journal. November 7, 2007. p. C7. Retrieved December 6, 2012. Papa John's office is in Jeffersontown 
^ "Papa's Specialty Pizza Challenge". Papa John's Pizza. Retrieved on December 6, 2012. "Papa John's International Inc., 2002 Papa John's Blvd, Louisville, KY 40299". Archived October 23, 2014, at the Wayback Machine.
^ 2010 "Census – Census Block Map (Index): Jeffersontown city, KY 1". U.S. Census Bureau. Retrieved on December 7, 2012.
^ "Papa John's boss finds Camaro, gives free pizza". NBC News. Associated Press. August 25, 2009. Retrieved August 17, 2015. 
^ "Found: Papa John's Long-Lost Camaro! Kentucky Man Receives $250,000 Finder's Fee". Papa John's. August 25, 2009. Retrieved January 17, 2015. 
^ Associated, The (September 2, 2009). "Papa John's founder pays 250Kg for Camaro". Courierlifenews.com. Archived from the original on July 30, 2010. Retrieved July 30, 2010. 
^ Whyte, Carol (August 26, 2009). "Founder of Papa John's Reunited with Camaro Sold in 1983". Yahoo Voices. Archived from the original on October 3, 2013. Retrieved August 17, 2015. 
^ Heiser, Tom (August 17, 2015). "John Schnatter's Camaro stolen in Detroit". The Courier-Journal. Retrieved August 17, 2015. 
^ Greenwood, Tom; Chambers, Jennifer (August 17, 2015). "Stolen Papa John's Camaro found on Detroit's west side". The Detroit News. Retrieved August 22, 2015. 
^ Cesca, Bob (August 6, 2012). "Chick-Fil-A Isn't the Only Evil Fast Food Chain". The Daily Banter. Retrieved October 11, 2015. 
^ "Back to dough after losing bread: Papa John Schnatter shutters Calistoga Artisan Sandwich project after three and a half years". Insider Louisville. Archived from the original on April 19, 2012. Retrieved December 5, 2012. 
^ Resnikoff, Ned (November 20, 2012). "Denny's, Papa John's walk back criticism of Obamacare". NBCNews.com. Retrieved February 4, 2014. 
^ Gerth, Joseph (April 17, 2012). "Presidential hopeful Mitt Romney to visit Louisville Thursday for fundraiser". The Courier-Journal. Retrieved February 4, 2014. 
^ Taylor, Kate (January 29, 2017). "PAPA JOHN'S CEO: America is on a path to becoming what Germany was in 1867". businessinsider.com. 
^ "Conquer Cancer website". Conquercancer.ca. May 28, 2009. Retrieved July 30, 2010. 


External links[edit]

John Schnatter on Twitter 





 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=John_Schnatter&oldid=792631205"					
Categories: 1961 birthsAmerican billionairesAmerican businesspeopleAmerican chief executives of food industry companiesAmerican ChristiansBall State University alumniLiving peoplePeople from Jeffersonville, IndianaBusinesspeople from Louisville, KentuckyPizza chain foundersKentucky RepublicansAmerican food company foundersHidden categories: Webarchive template wayback linksWikipedia pending changes protected pages (level 1)Use mdy dates from April 2015Articles with hCardsAll articles lacking reliable referencesArticles lacking reliable references from September 2015Articles needing additional references from March 2017All articles needing additional referencesArticles needing cleanup from March 2017All pages needing cleanupArticles with sections that need to be turned into prose from March 2017 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages



Add links 





 This page was last edited on 27 July 2017, at 17:36.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 






 


Board of Directors - Papa John‘s International, Inc.











































Skip to main content






Want to Carry it Out?
Find your local Papa John’s location for the most accurate menu items and specials.


 Locate Me
Help
Help message here.
or



Enter Zip Code








Don’t know your zip?



City



State

Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





Enter zip code







Looking for Delivery?
We have about 4,200 worldwide. Enter your delivery address to find your local Papa John’s delivery location.









Create an Account
With a Papa John's account, you can save your favorite orders, delivery addresses, and payment information. You'll speed through checkout and will be eating pizza before you know it! Plus, it's the only way to enroll in Papa Rewards to earn Free Pizza!
Create an Account


Already have an account? Sign In

Email Address

Password
		                                    


Show password






Favorites
This is the content shared to the omnibar for the favorites page.
Here’s a bunch of text that should appear in the omnibar.




There are no items in your cart. Try these:





Add a Mega Cookie

		                                                
		                                                Add a sweet ending with our mega cookie for just $5.
		                                                
		                                            




$
		                                                    
		                                                    5
		                                                    
		                                                

Add to Cart


Hide Details


Add a Mega Cookie

		                                                
		                                                Long Description: Add a sweet ending with our mega cookie for just $5.
		                                                
		                                            
Ingredients & Nutritional Information



Size

Large $27
Large $27
Large $27




Quantity





Favorite this





Add to Cart or
Customize







Add a Drink

		                                                
		                                                Add a Pepsi product to wash down your pizza.
		                                                
		                                            




$
		                                                    
		                                                    .99
		                                                    
		                                                

Add to Cart


Hide Details


Add a Drink

		                                                
		                                                Long Description: Add a Pepsi product to wash down your pizza.
		                                                
		                                            
Ingredients & Nutritional Information



Size

Large $27
Large $27
Large $27




Quantity





Favorite this





Add to Cart or
Customize







Add Cheesesticks

		                                                
		                                                Add Cheesesticks to go along with your pizza.
		                                                
		                                            




$
		                                                    
		                                                    8
		                                                    
		                                                

Add to Cart


Hide Details


Add Cheesesticks

		                                                
		                                                Long Description: Add Cheesesticks to go along with your pizza.
		                                                
		                                            
Ingredients & Nutritional Information

Choose a sauce:



Special Garlic
Blue Cheese
Buffalo
Barbeque
Pizza
Ranch
Cheese




Quantity





Favorite this











Add Chicken Poppers

		                                                
		                                                Pop them in your mouth for just $8.
		                                                
		                                            




$
		                                                    
		                                                    8
		                                                    
		                                                

Add to Cart


Hide Details


Add Chicken Poppers

		                                                
		                                                Long Description: Pop them in your mouth for just $8.
		                                                
		                                            
Ingredients & Nutritional Information

Choose a sauce:



Special Garlic
Blue Cheese
Buffalo
Barbeque
Pizza
Ranch
Cheese




Quantity





Favorite this









View the Menu →



Close













Board of Directors







John H. Schnatter
Founder, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer




	John Schnatter founded Papa John's in 1984 and opened the first Company restaurant in 1985. He currently serves as Founder, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. He previously served as Co-Chief Executive Officer from April 2010 to April 2011, Chief Executive Officer from April 2009 to April 2010, Interim Chief Executive Officer from December 2008 to April 2009, Executive Chairman of the Company from 2005 until May 2007, as Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer from 1990 until 2005, and as President from 1985 to 1990, 2001 until 2005, and 2014 to 2015.





Olivia F. Kirtley
Board of Directors - Lead Independent Director




	Olivia Kirtley was appointed to the Board in May, 2003. Ms. Kirtley, a certified public accountant, is a business consultant on strategic and corporate governance issues. From 1991 to 2000, Ms. Kirtley held the positions of Vice President Finance and Chief Financial Officer of Vermont American Corporation, an international manufacturer and marketer of power tool accessories. She previously served as a senior manager at a predecessor to Ernst & Young LLP. She has served as Chairman of the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants, Chairman of the AICPA Board of Examiners, and is currently President of the Board of the International Federation of Accountants. Ms. Kirtley serves as a director of U.S. Bancorp and ResCare, Inc.

   Chair of the Compensation Committee





Christopher L. Coleman
Board of Directors




	Christopher Coleman was appointed to the Board in October, 2012.  Mr. Coleman is based in the UK where he is Head of Banking and Asset Finance at Rothschild. He is a Managing Director of Rothschild, Chairman of Rothschild Bank International and also serves on a number of other boards and committees of the Rothschild Group, which he joined in 1989. He is also non-executive Chairman of the Board of Randgold Resources Limited, where he has served on the board since 2008.

   Member of the Audit Committee

   Member of the Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee





Laurette T. Koellner
Board of Directors




	 Laurette Koellner was appointed to the Board in June, 2014. Ms. Koellner most recently served as Executive Chairman of International Lease Finance Corporation, a subsidiary of American International Group, Inc. ("AIG") from June 2012 until its May 2014 sale to AerCap Holdings N.V. Ms. Koellner served as President of Boeing International, a division of The Boeing Company, where she served in a variety of financial and business leadership roles from 1997 until 2008, including as a member of the Office of the Chairman and Boeing's Chief Administration and Human Resources Officer. Prior to her time with Boeing, Ms. Koellner spent 19 years at McDonnell Douglas Corp. Ms. Koellner serves as a director of Celestica, Inc., The Goodyear Tire & Rubber Company, and Nucor Corporation. She served as an independent director of AIG from 2009 to 2012.

   Chair of the Audit Committee

   Member of the Compensation Committee





Sonya E. Medina
Board of Directors




	Sonya Medina was appointed to the Board in September, 2015.  Ms. Medina, a government and public affairs strategist, most recently served as Vice President, Community and External Affairs for Silver Eagle Distributors, the nation’s largest distributor of Anheuser-Busch products.  She is active in community and civic affairs and currently serves on the board of directors of the San Antonio Hispanic Chamber of Commerce.

   Member of the Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee





Mark S. Shapiro
Board of Directors




	Mark Shapiro was appointed to the Board in February, 2011. He serves as Chief Content Officer of IMG and as an executive producer of Dick Clark Productions. Previously, he served as Chief Executive Officer of Dick Clark Productions from May 2010 to October 2012. Prior to that, he served as a Director, President and Chief Executive Officer of Six Flags, Inc., a theme park company, from 2005 to 2010. Prior to joining Six Flags in 2005, Mr. Shapiro spent 12 years at ESPN, Inc. where he served as Executive Vice President, Programming and Production and in various other capacities for both ESPN and ABC Sports. Mr. Shapiro serves as a director of Live Nation Entertainment, Inc., Frontier Communications Corporation, and as a trustee of Equity Residential. Mr. Shapiro is also Chairman of two privately held companies, Captivate Network and Red Zebra Broadcasting.

   Member of the Audit Committee

   Chair of the Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee





W. Kent Taylor
Board of Directors




	Kent Taylor was appointed to the Board in May, 2011.  Mr. Taylor is the founder and Chief Executive Officer of Texas Roadhouse, Inc. a full-service, casual dining restaurant chain with locations across the U.S. and in several foreign countries.  He served as Chief Executive Officer of Texas Roadhouse from 2000 until 2004, and again from August 2011 to the present, and he has served as its executive Chairman since 2004. Before founding the Texas Roadhouse concept in 1993, Mr. Taylor founded and co-owned Buckhead Bar and Grill in Louisville, Kentucky.

   Member of the Compensation Committee



















 


















Papa John Schnatter (@IAmPapaJohn) | Twitter



























Skip to content









Home
Home
Home, current page.






Moments
Moments
Moments, current page.






Search query



Search Twitter









Saved searches


Remove














In this conversation



Verified accountProtected Tweets @











    Suggested users
  







Verified accountProtected Tweets @












Verified accountProtected Tweets @




















Language: English 



 



Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
English UK
Español
Filipino
Français
Hrvatski
Italiano
Magyar
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português
Română
Slovenčina
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
Ελληνικά
Български език
Русский
Српски
Українська мова
עִבְרִית
العربية
فارسی
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
ಕನ್ನಡ
ภาษาไทย
한국어
日本語
简体中文
繁體中文




 








Have an account?  Log in


   

Have an account?










Remember me

·
Forgot password?











New to Twitter?
Sign up
                











































      Papa John SchnatterVerified account



@IAmPapaJohn












Tweets
Tweets, current page.
166
            



Following
Following
24



Followers
Followers
11.8K



Likes
Likes
1

 
 
More 







Likes






Unmute @IAmPapaJohn

Mute @IAmPapaJohn



Follow


    Following
  

    Unfollow
  

    Blocked
  

    Unblock
  

    Pending
  

    Cancel
  






















Papa John SchnatterVerified account



@IAmPapaJohn


The Official Twitter Account for Papa John Schnatter, the Founder, CEO & President of Papa John's Pizza.







 
    PapaJohns.com
  




Joined November 2011












                
                16 Photos and videos
            

            Photos and videos
          



















Tweets


Tweets
Tweets, current page.



                  Tweets & replies
                



                  Media
                





You blocked @IAmPapaJohn
Are you sure you want to view these Tweets? Viewing Tweets won't unblock @IAmPapaJohn
Yes, view profile






Close




            
            Papa John Schnatter followed
        

























Papa John Schnatter‏Verified account @IAmPapaJohn

7 Jul 2013






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







I was honored to support family friend & Papa John’s Racing Team member @wdbobrow @ USA Cycling’s Nat. Championship http://ow.ly/i/2y6V6 





87 replies




16 retweets




44 likes








Reply


87







Retweet


16




Retweeted


16








Like


44





Liked


44










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Papa John Schnatter‏Verified account @IAmPapaJohn

20 May 2013






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







I'm saddened to see the devastation caused by today's tornados. Thoughts and prayers coming your way, Oklahoma.





42 replies




22 retweets




27 likes








Reply


42







Retweet


22




Retweeted


22








Like


27





Liked


27










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Papa John Schnatter‏Verified account @IAmPapaJohn

18 May 2013






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







Honored to attend the Dick Vitale Gala last night. Funds go to the V Foundation for Pediatric Cancer Research. http://ow.ly/i/29eT7 





3 replies




6 retweets




11 likes








Reply


3







Retweet


6




Retweeted


6








Like


11





Liked


11










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo










Papa John Schnatter Retweeted
            







Indiana Pacers‏Verified account @Pacers

17 May 2013






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







The Pacers are back home again. (And working on free throws.)pic.twitter.com/N4x0yie4uI
















9 replies




47 retweets




26 likes








Reply


9







Retweet


47




Retweeted


47








Like


26





Liked


26










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Papa John Schnatter‏Verified account @IAmPapaJohn

16 May 2013






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







Hard fought game by my #Pacers. Donating 100 pizzas to wherever @spikelee chooses. Details to come!





10 replies




19 retweets




17 likes








Reply


10







Retweet


19




Retweeted


19








Like


17





Liked


17










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Papa John Schnatter‏Verified account @IAmPapaJohn

16 May 2013






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







Way to go @Paul_George24! There's still time to make this a #Pacers victory! #NBAPlayoffs





5 replies




3 retweets




3 likes








Reply


5







Retweet


3




Retweeted


3








Like


3





Liked


3










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo










Papa John Schnatter Retweeted
            







Indiana Pacers‏Verified account @Pacers

16 May 2013






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







At the end of the 3rd quarter, the Pacers trail the Knicks by 10. NYK 67, IND 57





3 replies




22 retweets




8 likes








Reply


3







Retweet


22




Retweeted


22








Like


8





Liked


8










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo










Papa John Schnatter Retweeted
            







SargonK‏ @SargonK

16 May 2013






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







    Replying to @IAmPapaJohn


@IAmPapaJohn @SpikeLee Hey Spike! Give back some Pizza..You know #papajohnspizza is good. #Believeinthetape #Knicks





0 replies




2 retweets




1 like








Reply










Retweet


2




Retweeted


2








Like


1





Liked


1










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Papa John Schnatter‏Verified account @IAmPapaJohn

16 May 2013






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







The @NBA supports the troops and so do I. Great commercial. #Pacers #NBAPlayoffs





6 replies




15 retweets




5 likes








Reply


6







Retweet


15




Retweeted


15








Like


5





Liked


5










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Papa John Schnatter‏Verified account @IAmPapaJohn

16 May 2013






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







2nd half & no word from @SpikeLee! The bet: Knicks win & I'll donate 100 pizzas to his favorite charity! RT for Spike to accept my bet.





60 replies




388 retweets




23 likes








Reply


60







Retweet


388




Retweeted


388








Like


23





Liked


23










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo










Papa John Schnatter Retweeted
            







Colin‏ @Furrdue

16 May 2013






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







    Replying to @IAmPapaJohn


@IAmPapaJohn Go Big Papa!





0 replies




4 retweets




4 likes








Reply










Retweet


4




Retweeted


4








Like


4





Liked


4










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Papa John Schnatter‏Verified account @IAmPapaJohn

16 May 2013






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







Second quarter is over and we're only behind 34-40. We can do this #Pacers!





6 replies




7 retweets




1 like








Reply


6







Retweet


7




Retweeted


7








Like


1





Liked


1










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Papa John Schnatter‏Verified account @IAmPapaJohn

16 May 2013






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







It's the end of the first quarter. #Knicks lead 19-15. Let's pick it up, @Pacers!





3 replies




2 retweets




1 like








Reply


3







Retweet


2




Retweeted


2








Like


1





Liked


1










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Papa John Schnatter‏Verified account @IAmPapaJohn

16 May 2013






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







It's #tipoff time! If the Knicks win, I'll donate 100 pizzas to @SpikeLee's favorite charity. RT if Spike should take my bet! #Pacers





15 replies




73 retweets




17 likes








Reply


15







Retweet


73




Retweeted


73








Like


17





Liked


17










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo










Papa John Schnatter Retweeted
            







BTDew‏ @btdew

16 May 2013






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







@IAmPapaJohn 
awesome seeing you at the Pacer game on Tuesday cheering on the Blue and Gold. By the way, the Buffalo Chicken pizza is great!





0 replies




1 retweet




0 likes








Reply










Retweet


1




Retweeted


1








Like








Liked













Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo










Papa John Schnatter Retweeted
            







Amber Harding‏ @TheAmberHarding

16 May 2013






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







    Replying to @IAmPapaJohn


Do you see this? We have PAPA JOHN on our side. How can we lose? RT @IAmPapaJohn: Less than one hour until tip-off. Let's go #Pacers!





2 replies




3 retweets




2 likes








Reply


2







Retweet


3




Retweeted


3








Like


2





Liked


2










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo










Papa John Schnatter Retweeted
            







Chris Bush‏ @bush22c

16 May 2013






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







    Replying to @IAmPapaJohn


“@IAmPapaJohn: Less than one hour until tip-off. Let's go #Pacers!” Even Papa a @Pacers fan





0 replies




2 retweets




1 like








Reply










Retweet


2




Retweeted


2








Like


1





Liked


1










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Papa John Schnatter‏Verified account @IAmPapaJohn

16 May 2013






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







Less than one hour until tip-off. Let's go #Pacers!





8 replies




32 retweets




5 likes








Reply


8







Retweet


32




Retweeted


32








Like


5





Liked


5










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Papa John Schnatter‏Verified account @IAmPapaJohn

16 May 2013






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







.@spikelee Pacers take Game 5 tonight at MSG. Wanna bet? Knicks win, I give 100 pizzas to your favorite charity! #pacers





45 replies




154 retweets




49 likes








Reply


45







Retweet


154




Retweeted


154








Like


49





Liked


49










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Papa John Schnatter‏Verified account @IAmPapaJohn

15 May 2013






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







Enjoyed cheering on the Pacers yesterday & giving away @PapaJohns pizza. Looking forward to the new partnership.http://ow.ly/l4n7e 









0 replies




2 retweets




1 like








Reply










Retweet


2




Retweeted


2








Like


1





Liked


1










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo












          @IAmPapaJohn hasn't Tweeted yet.
      
Back to top ↑












Loading seems to be taking a while.

      Twitter may be over capacity or experiencing a momentary hiccup. Try again or visit Twitter Status for more information.
    

















      New to Twitter?
    


    Sign up now to get your own personalized timeline!
  

Sign up




You may also like
    ·
    Refresh








false












© 2017 Twitter
About
Help Center
Terms
Privacy policy
Cookies
Ads info




















Close




            
            Choose a trend location
          






















Dismiss











Close







            Previous
          







            Next
          













Close



Go to a person's profile












Saved searches


Remove














In this conversation



Verified accountProtected Tweets @











    Suggested users
  







Verified accountProtected Tweets @












Verified accountProtected Tweets @


























Close



Promote this Tweet

















Close



Block






Cancel
Block












Add a location to your Tweets

        When you tweet with a location, Twitter stores that location. 
        You can switch location on/off before each Tweet and always have the option to delete your location history.
        Learn more


Turn location on
Not now


























Close



Share Location















Results from 



Send









Close



Your lists













Close



Create a new list




List name




Description

Under 100 characters, optional



Privacy



Public · Anyone can follow this list
      


Private · Only you can access this list
      




Save list











Close
























Close



Copy link to Tweet




Here's the URL for this Tweet. Copy it to easily share with friends.












Close



Embed this Tweet
Embed this Video



Add this Tweet to your website by copying the code below. Learn more
Add this video to your website by copying the code below. Learn more




Hmm, there was a problem reaching the server. Try again?






            Include parent Tweet
          




            Include media
          




By embedding Twitter content in your website or app, you are agreeing to the Twitter Developer Agreement and Developer Policy.
Preview












Close



Why you're seeing this ad
















Close



Log in to Twitter
















Remember me

·
Forgot password?












        Don't have an account? Sign up »









Close



Sign up for Twitter





Not on Twitter? Sign up, tune into the things you care about, and get updates as they happen.


Sign up




        Have an account? Log in »









Close



Two-way (sending and receiving) short codes:





Country
Code
For customers of




United States
40404
(any)


Canada
21212
(any)


United Kingdom
86444
Vodafone, Orange, 3, O2


Brazil
40404
Nextel, TIM


Haiti
40404
Digicel, Voila


Ireland
51210
Vodafone, O2


India
53000
Bharti Airtel, Videocon, Reliance


Indonesia
89887
AXIS, 3, Telkomsel, Indosat, XL Axiata


Italy
4880804
Wind


3424486444
Vodafone





        » See SMS short codes for other countries













Close



Confirmation



















Close



 
















Close














            Skip all
          




    Welcome home!
  
This timeline is where you’ll spend most of your time, getting instant updates about what matters to you.




    Tweets not working for you?
  

    Hover over the profile pic and click the Following button to unfollow any account.
  




    Say a lot with a little
  

    When you see a Tweet you love, tap the heart — it lets  the person who wrote it know you shared the love.
  




    Spread the word
  

    The fastest way to share someone else’s Tweet with your followers is with a Retweet. Tap the icon to send it instantly.
  




    Join the conversation
  

    Add your thoughts about any Tweet with a Reply. Find a topic you’re passionate about, and jump right in.
  




    Learn the latest
  

    Get instant insight into what people are talking about now.
  




    Get more of what you love
  

    Follow more accounts to get instant updates about topics you care about.
  




    Find what's happening
  

    See the latest conversations about any topic instantly.
  




    Never miss a Moment
  

    Catch up instantly on the best stories happening as they unfold.
  



Back
Next














Next Tweet from user






















 

Schnatter shares success story with UofL: ‘Nothing sells like the truth’ | UofL News












































 





 





































 








Arts & Humanities
Business
Campus & Community
Education
Health
Science & Tech
 


 




































                Friday, July 28, 2017
            

News Releases
Contact
Login

Email
Blackboard
ULink
UofLNews







LOG IN




Welcome! Log into your account



Forgot your password?


Recover your password











 













UofL News


Arts & Humanities




 Arts & Humanities 

New exhibit features timeline, spoofs of Senator McConnell’s political career 




 Arts & Humanities 

UofL Theatre Arts student works with Locust Grove to bring story… 




 Arts & Humanities 

Interviews with archivist, former councilman Tom Owen donated to University Libraries 




 Arts & Humanities 

UofL opens World War I anniversary exhibit July 13 




 Arts & Humanities 

Three UofL students headed to India as Critical Language Scholars 

 


Business




 Business & Economy 

Schnatter Center conducts first summer camp for high school students 




 Business & Economy 

MBA team’s MoveMe app continues evolution after funding win 




 Business & Economy 

UofL grad students’ design earns top 10 for ‘Hotel Room of… 




 Business & Economy 

Manufacturer opens new facility at UofL 




 Business & Economy 

UofL hosts Fortune 500 executives for Innovative Partnership Program 

 


Campus & Community




 Campus & Community 

Life experience fortifies incoming med students 




 Campus & Community 

‘Storyteller extraordinaire’ retires from UofL Libraries after 40 years 




 Campus & Community 

UofL hosts more than 20 academic, research and learning summer camps 




 Campus & Community 

President Postel asks UofL employees to ‘switch gears,’ focus on future 




 Campus & Community 

UofL student’s coming out story featured in national sports publication 

 


Education




 Education & Leadership 

UofL hosts international conference on the internet and hearing health 




 Campus & Community 

UofL hosts more than 20 academic, research and learning summer camps 




 Education & Leadership 

Conn Center promises renewable energy future for coal country 




 Campus & Community 

Attention earthlings: take a voyage into space 




 Business & Economy 

Schnatter Center conducts first summer camp for high school students 

 


Health




 Campus & Community 

Life experience fortifies incoming med students 




 Education & Leadership 

UofL hosts international conference on the internet and hearing health 




 Health & Wellness 

UofL pathology chair: Senator McCain’s glioblastoma ‘bleak, but not hopeless’ 




 Campus & Community 

UofL audiology students host ‘Hearassic Park’ for hearing-impaired kids 




 Health & Wellness 

Dr. Sarah Moyer named director of Department of Public Health and… 

 


Science & Tech




 Science & Tech 

GE Appliances, UofL partner on ‘cool’ project 




 Education & Leadership 

Conn Center promises renewable energy future for coal country 




 Science & Tech 

UofL research team tackles ‘yellow light dilemma’ 




 Education & Leadership 

UofL researcher: ‘How to tame a fox … and build a… 




 Business & Economy 

UofL grad students’ design earns top 10 for ‘Hotel Room of… 

 





































Business & Economy

Schnatter shares success story with UofL: ‘Nothing sells like the truth’

By Janet Cappiello -  April 18, 2016 347 



 





Share on Facebook
Tweet on Twitter





Several hundred students packed into the PNC Horn Auditorium at the College of Business for the sixth and final event of the inaugural year of the John H. Schnatter Center for Free Enterprise.
The standing-room-only crowd got a chance to hear Schnatter, founder, chairman and CEO of Papa John’s International, tell the story of how his business started in a tavern broom closet and became the third-largest pizza delivery chain in the world.
He used the company’s television advertisements to show how it has grown, beginning with a vintage 1987 ad, and sprinkled in advice and lessons:

On hiring: “Hire for attitude and train for aptitude.”
On advertising: “Nothing sells like the truth.”
On day-to-day work: “Wake up. Kick ass. Be nice. Repeat.”
On employees: “Be kind. Be respectful. Make sure they win. Teamwork is a byproduct of doing the right thing.”
On consumers: “The customers can fire you anytime they want just by not buying your product.”
On being successful doing what you love: “I wish that for all of you.”

Schnatter said Papa John’s is close to opening its 5,000th store but that he doesn’t think too far ahead. Beyond a year or two, he doesn’t know what the future will hold, he said.
The Schnatter Center opened in August 2015 with a $4.64 million donation from the John H. Schnatter Family Foundation and a $1.66 million donation from the Charles Koch Foundation. Its purpose is to engage in research and teaching that explores the role of enterprise and entrepreneurship in advancing the well-being of society.
Stephan Gohmann, director of the center, said planning has already begun for the second year. An event scheduled for September will feature a former resident of North Korea who escaped the country.
###


RELATED ARTICLESMORE FROM AUTHOR




 Campus & Community 

Life experience fortifies incoming med students 

 



 Campus & Community 

‘Storyteller extraordinaire’ retires from UofL Libraries after 40 years 

 



 Education & Leadership 

UofL hosts international conference on the internet and hearing health 

  




Recent Articles




Life experience fortifies incoming med students 
Campus & Community July 27, 2017 


 




‘Storyteller extraordinaire’ retires from UofL Libraries after 40 years 
Campus & Community July 27, 2017 


 




UofL hosts international conference on the internet and hearing health 
Education & Leadership July 27, 2017 


 




UofL hosts more than 20 academic, research and learning summer camps 
Campus & Community July 27, 2017 


 




GE Appliances, UofL partner on ‘cool’ project 
Science & Tech July 26, 2017 


  --Advertisement--










 

 
 
 
 









Other NewsNews Releases
UofL Magazine
Mark Hebert
Internal News
 

ResourcesSuggest a story
Submit an email announcement
Submit an event
For the Media
 

PoliciesAccessibility
Diversity
Emergency
Jobs
Contact
 





ABOUT USThe University of Louisville is a public university in Louisville, Kentucky. It is a member of the Kentucky state university system. For more information, visit Louisville.eduContact us: ultoday@louisville.eduFOLLOW US
























 





























John Schnatter - Wikipedia





















 







John Schnatter

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia

This is the latest accepted revision, reviewed on 27 July 2017.




					Jump to:					navigation, 					search



John Schnatter


Born
John H. Schnatter
(1961-11-22) November 22, 1961 (age 55)
Jeffersonville, Indiana, U.S.


Residence
Anchorage, Kentucky, U.S.[1]


Nationality
American


Other names
Papa John


Alma mater
Ball State University[2]


Occupation
Founder, CEO, and spokesman of Papa John's International, Inc.


Years active
1984–present


Net worth
US$1 billion[3]


Spouse(s)
Annette (m. 1987)


Children
3


John H. Schnatter (born November 22, 1961) is an American entrepreneur and the founder, CEO, and spokesman of Papa John's International, Inc.[4]



Contents


1 Early life and education
2 Career

2.1 The Camaro


3 Personal life

3.1 Politics


4 Awards and honors
5 References
6 External links



Early life and education[edit]
Schnatter was born in Jeffersonville, Indiana, on November 22, 1961[5] to Mary and Robert Schnatter. He graduated from Jeffersonville High School in 1980, then earned a business degree from Ball State University in 1983.[2][5]
In the 1980s, John Schnatter's father co-owned Mick's Lounge, a tavern in Jeffersonville.[2]
Career[edit]
The Papa John's pizza business was founded in 1984 when "Papa" John Schnatter knocked out a broom closet in the back of his father's tavern in Jeffersonville, Indiana.[5] Schnatter sold his 1971 Z28 Camaro to purchase $1,600 worth of used pizza equipment and began selling pizzas to the tavern's customers out of the converted closet.[6][7][8] His pizzas proved so popular that the following year he was able to move into an adjoining space. Today, the company is the third largest take-out and pizza delivery restaurant chain in the world,[9][10] with headquarters in Jeffersontown, Kentucky, near Louisville.[11][12][13]
The Camaro[edit]
In 1983, Schnatter sold his 1971 Chevrolet Camaro to help his father's struggling business. He used the leftover funds to start Papa John's. Decades later, he offered a reward of $250,000 for finding the car, and on August 26, 2009, Schnatter bought the Camaro back for $250,000 from the family that he sold the car to in 1983.[14][15] In celebration, Papa John's offered a free pizza to anyone who owned a Camaro.[16] Schnatter's original Camaro has been on display in the company's headquarters in Louisville, Kentucky. The company owns several replicas that are used on tours and for public and TV appearances.[17][unreliable source?] On August 15, 2015, Schnatter's original Camaro was stolen along with two other classic cars in Detroit, where they were slated to appear in the city's annual Woodward Dream Cruise.[18] The Camaro was recovered two days later on the city's west side with minimal damage.[19]
Personal life[edit]
Schnatter has been married to his wife, Annette, since 1987. The couple has three children. The Schnatter family resides in Anchorage, Kentucky.[5] Schnatter identifies as an Evangelical Christian and is a member of the Southeast Christian Church.[20]
Schnatter made a million-dollar contribution to the Louisville Zoo's Glacier Run expansion.[21] His Calistoga Bakery sponsors a bike team and donated money to build bike trails.
Politics[edit]
In 2012, Papa John's and Schnatter received media attention after he made critical comments about the Affordable Care Act to a class on entrepreneurship.[22]
Schnatter had hosted a fundraiser at his home for Republican Party candidate Mitt Romney in May 2012.[23]
Schnatter contributed to Donald Trump's 2016 presidential campaign and made supportive comments about his administration in January 2017.[24]
Awards and honors[edit]






This section has multiple issues. Please help improve it or discuss these issues on the talk page. (Learn how and when to remove these template messages)






This section needs additional citations for verification. Please help improve this article by adding citations to reliable sources. Unsourced material may be challenged and removed. (March 2017) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)







This section is in a list format that may be better presented using prose. You can help by converting this section to prose, if appropriate. Editing help is available. (March 2017)




(Learn how and when to remove this template message)



Inducted into the Junior Achievement U.S. Business Hall of Fame in 2007.
Named one of the Ten Outstanding Young Americans in 2000 by the National Jaycees Organization.
Named 1998 National Ernst & Young Retail/Consumer Entrepreneur of The Year.
In May 2009 Schnatter was named honorary chair of the Ride to Conquer Cancer benefiting Louisville's Norton Cancer Institute.[25]
Inducted into the Kentucky Entrepreneur Hall of Fame in 2010.
In 2012, he became an honorary initiate of Alpha Tau Omega.

References[edit]


^ "WLKY-TV airs one-on-one interview with John Schnatter". 
^ a b c Kleber, John E., ed. (2001). "Papa John's International Inc.". The Encyclopedia of Louisville. Lexington, Kentucky: University Press of Kentucky. p. 688. ISBN 0-8131-2100-0. OCLC 247857447. Retrieved March 22, 2017. 
^ "New Billionaire: How Papa John's CEO John Schnatter Turned Pizza Into Ten-Figure Fortune". 
^ "The story of Papa John's". Papajohns.com. Retrieved July 30, 2010. 
^ a b c d Wolfson, Andrew (January 13, 2013). "The real Papa John: Pizza entrepreneur John Schnatter makes no apologies for wealth, success, Obamacare remarks | Math whiz mixed pizza passion, finance". The Courier-Journal. Retrieved March 22, 2017. 
^ "The Papa John's Story". Papa John's (GB) Ltd. Archived from the original on July 10, 2013. Retrieved August 2, 2013. 
^ "Profile: John Schnatter". Forbes. Retrieved April 12, 2013. 
^ "About Papa Johns". Papa John's International. Retrieved April 12, 2013. 
^ "Papa John's offering free pizza to customers who place online order during Super Bowl weekend". WDRB. January 28, 2015. Retrieved March 9, 2015. 
^ Green, Kim (January 15, 2015). "Sunday With Papa John's Founder John Schnatter". Parade. Retrieved March 9, 2015. 
^ "Jeffersontown to dedicate new bike and walking path Saturday". The Courier-Journal. November 7, 2007. p. C7. Retrieved December 6, 2012. Papa John's office is in Jeffersontown 
^ "Papa's Specialty Pizza Challenge". Papa John's Pizza. Retrieved on December 6, 2012. "Papa John's International Inc., 2002 Papa John's Blvd, Louisville, KY 40299". Archived October 23, 2014, at the Wayback Machine.
^ 2010 "Census – Census Block Map (Index): Jeffersontown city, KY 1". U.S. Census Bureau. Retrieved on December 7, 2012.
^ "Papa John's boss finds Camaro, gives free pizza". NBC News. Associated Press. August 25, 2009. Retrieved August 17, 2015. 
^ "Found: Papa John's Long-Lost Camaro! Kentucky Man Receives $250,000 Finder's Fee". Papa John's. August 25, 2009. Retrieved January 17, 2015. 
^ Associated, The (September 2, 2009). "Papa John's founder pays 250Kg for Camaro". Courierlifenews.com. Archived from the original on July 30, 2010. Retrieved July 30, 2010. 
^ Whyte, Carol (August 26, 2009). "Founder of Papa John's Reunited with Camaro Sold in 1983". Yahoo Voices. Archived from the original on October 3, 2013. Retrieved August 17, 2015. 
^ Heiser, Tom (August 17, 2015). "John Schnatter's Camaro stolen in Detroit". The Courier-Journal. Retrieved August 17, 2015. 
^ Greenwood, Tom; Chambers, Jennifer (August 17, 2015). "Stolen Papa John's Camaro found on Detroit's west side". The Detroit News. Retrieved August 22, 2015. 
^ Cesca, Bob (August 6, 2012). "Chick-Fil-A Isn't the Only Evil Fast Food Chain". The Daily Banter. Retrieved October 11, 2015. 
^ "Back to dough after losing bread: Papa John Schnatter shutters Calistoga Artisan Sandwich project after three and a half years". Insider Louisville. Archived from the original on April 19, 2012. Retrieved December 5, 2012. 
^ Resnikoff, Ned (November 20, 2012). "Denny's, Papa John's walk back criticism of Obamacare". NBCNews.com. Retrieved February 4, 2014. 
^ Gerth, Joseph (April 17, 2012). "Presidential hopeful Mitt Romney to visit Louisville Thursday for fundraiser". The Courier-Journal. Retrieved February 4, 2014. 
^ Taylor, Kate (January 29, 2017). "PAPA JOHN'S CEO: America is on a path to becoming what Germany was in 1867". businessinsider.com. 
^ "Conquer Cancer website". Conquercancer.ca. May 28, 2009. Retrieved July 30, 2010. 


External links[edit]

John Schnatter on Twitter 





 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=John_Schnatter&oldid=792631205"					
Categories: 1961 birthsAmerican billionairesAmerican businesspeopleAmerican chief executives of food industry companiesAmerican ChristiansBall State University alumniLiving peoplePeople from Jeffersonville, IndianaBusinesspeople from Louisville, KentuckyPizza chain foundersKentucky RepublicansAmerican food company foundersHidden categories: Webarchive template wayback linksWikipedia pending changes protected pages (level 1)Use mdy dates from April 2015Articles with hCardsAll articles lacking reliable referencesArticles lacking reliable references from September 2015Articles needing additional references from March 2017All articles needing additional referencesArticles needing cleanup from March 2017All pages needing cleanupArticles with sections that need to be turned into prose from March 2017 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages



Add links 





 This page was last edited on 27 July 2017, at 17:36.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









John Schnatter - Wikipedia





















 







John Schnatter

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia

This is the latest accepted revision, reviewed on 27 July 2017.




					Jump to:					navigation, 					search



John Schnatter


Born
John H. Schnatter
(1961-11-22) November 22, 1961 (age 55)
Jeffersonville, Indiana, U.S.


Residence
Anchorage, Kentucky, U.S.[1]


Nationality
American


Other names
Papa John


Alma mater
Ball State University[2]


Occupation
Founder, CEO, and spokesman of Papa John's International, Inc.


Years active
1984–present


Net worth
US$1 billion[3]


Spouse(s)
Annette (m. 1987)


Children
3


John H. Schnatter (born November 22, 1961) is an American entrepreneur and the founder, CEO, and spokesman of Papa John's International, Inc.[4]



Contents


1 Early life and education
2 Career

2.1 The Camaro


3 Personal life

3.1 Politics


4 Awards and honors
5 References
6 External links



Early life and education[edit]
Schnatter was born in Jeffersonville, Indiana, on November 22, 1961[5] to Mary and Robert Schnatter. He graduated from Jeffersonville High School in 1980, then earned a business degree from Ball State University in 1983.[2][5]
In the 1980s, John Schnatter's father co-owned Mick's Lounge, a tavern in Jeffersonville.[2]
Career[edit]
The Papa John's pizza business was founded in 1984 when "Papa" John Schnatter knocked out a broom closet in the back of his father's tavern in Jeffersonville, Indiana.[5] Schnatter sold his 1971 Z28 Camaro to purchase $1,600 worth of used pizza equipment and began selling pizzas to the tavern's customers out of the converted closet.[6][7][8] His pizzas proved so popular that the following year he was able to move into an adjoining space. Today, the company is the third largest take-out and pizza delivery restaurant chain in the world,[9][10] with headquarters in Jeffersontown, Kentucky, near Louisville.[11][12][13]
The Camaro[edit]
In 1983, Schnatter sold his 1971 Chevrolet Camaro to help his father's struggling business. He used the leftover funds to start Papa John's. Decades later, he offered a reward of $250,000 for finding the car, and on August 26, 2009, Schnatter bought the Camaro back for $250,000 from the family that he sold the car to in 1983.[14][15] In celebration, Papa John's offered a free pizza to anyone who owned a Camaro.[16] Schnatter's original Camaro has been on display in the company's headquarters in Louisville, Kentucky. The company owns several replicas that are used on tours and for public and TV appearances.[17][unreliable source?] On August 15, 2015, Schnatter's original Camaro was stolen along with two other classic cars in Detroit, where they were slated to appear in the city's annual Woodward Dream Cruise.[18] The Camaro was recovered two days later on the city's west side with minimal damage.[19]
Personal life[edit]
Schnatter has been married to his wife, Annette, since 1987. The couple has three children. The Schnatter family resides in Anchorage, Kentucky.[5] Schnatter identifies as an Evangelical Christian and is a member of the Southeast Christian Church.[20]
Schnatter made a million-dollar contribution to the Louisville Zoo's Glacier Run expansion.[21] His Calistoga Bakery sponsors a bike team and donated money to build bike trails.
Politics[edit]
In 2012, Papa John's and Schnatter received media attention after he made critical comments about the Affordable Care Act to a class on entrepreneurship.[22]
Schnatter had hosted a fundraiser at his home for Republican Party candidate Mitt Romney in May 2012.[23]
Schnatter contributed to Donald Trump's 2016 presidential campaign and made supportive comments about his administration in January 2017.[24]
Awards and honors[edit]






This section has multiple issues. Please help improve it or discuss these issues on the talk page. (Learn how and when to remove these template messages)






This section needs additional citations for verification. Please help improve this article by adding citations to reliable sources. Unsourced material may be challenged and removed. (March 2017) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)







This section is in a list format that may be better presented using prose. You can help by converting this section to prose, if appropriate. Editing help is available. (March 2017)




(Learn how and when to remove this template message)



Inducted into the Junior Achievement U.S. Business Hall of Fame in 2007.
Named one of the Ten Outstanding Young Americans in 2000 by the National Jaycees Organization.
Named 1998 National Ernst & Young Retail/Consumer Entrepreneur of The Year.
In May 2009 Schnatter was named honorary chair of the Ride to Conquer Cancer benefiting Louisville's Norton Cancer Institute.[25]
Inducted into the Kentucky Entrepreneur Hall of Fame in 2010.
In 2012, he became an honorary initiate of Alpha Tau Omega.

References[edit]


^ "WLKY-TV airs one-on-one interview with John Schnatter". 
^ a b c Kleber, John E., ed. (2001). "Papa John's International Inc.". The Encyclopedia of Louisville. Lexington, Kentucky: University Press of Kentucky. p. 688. ISBN 0-8131-2100-0. OCLC 247857447. Retrieved March 22, 2017. 
^ "New Billionaire: How Papa John's CEO John Schnatter Turned Pizza Into Ten-Figure Fortune". 
^ "The story of Papa John's". Papajohns.com. Retrieved July 30, 2010. 
^ a b c d Wolfson, Andrew (January 13, 2013). "The real Papa John: Pizza entrepreneur John Schnatter makes no apologies for wealth, success, Obamacare remarks | Math whiz mixed pizza passion, finance". The Courier-Journal. Retrieved March 22, 2017. 
^ "The Papa John's Story". Papa John's (GB) Ltd. Archived from the original on July 10, 2013. Retrieved August 2, 2013. 
^ "Profile: John Schnatter". Forbes. Retrieved April 12, 2013. 
^ "About Papa Johns". Papa John's International. Retrieved April 12, 2013. 
^ "Papa John's offering free pizza to customers who place online order during Super Bowl weekend". WDRB. January 28, 2015. Retrieved March 9, 2015. 
^ Green, Kim (January 15, 2015). "Sunday With Papa John's Founder John Schnatter". Parade. Retrieved March 9, 2015. 
^ "Jeffersontown to dedicate new bike and walking path Saturday". The Courier-Journal. November 7, 2007. p. C7. Retrieved December 6, 2012. Papa John's office is in Jeffersontown 
^ "Papa's Specialty Pizza Challenge". Papa John's Pizza. Retrieved on December 6, 2012. "Papa John's International Inc., 2002 Papa John's Blvd, Louisville, KY 40299". Archived October 23, 2014, at the Wayback Machine.
^ 2010 "Census – Census Block Map (Index): Jeffersontown city, KY 1". U.S. Census Bureau. Retrieved on December 7, 2012.
^ "Papa John's boss finds Camaro, gives free pizza". NBC News. Associated Press. August 25, 2009. Retrieved August 17, 2015. 
^ "Found: Papa John's Long-Lost Camaro! Kentucky Man Receives $250,000 Finder's Fee". Papa John's. August 25, 2009. Retrieved January 17, 2015. 
^ Associated, The (September 2, 2009). "Papa John's founder pays 250Kg for Camaro". Courierlifenews.com. Archived from the original on July 30, 2010. Retrieved July 30, 2010. 
^ Whyte, Carol (August 26, 2009). "Founder of Papa John's Reunited with Camaro Sold in 1983". Yahoo Voices. Archived from the original on October 3, 2013. Retrieved August 17, 2015. 
^ Heiser, Tom (August 17, 2015). "John Schnatter's Camaro stolen in Detroit". The Courier-Journal. Retrieved August 17, 2015. 
^ Greenwood, Tom; Chambers, Jennifer (August 17, 2015). "Stolen Papa John's Camaro found on Detroit's west side". The Detroit News. Retrieved August 22, 2015. 
^ Cesca, Bob (August 6, 2012). "Chick-Fil-A Isn't the Only Evil Fast Food Chain". The Daily Banter. Retrieved October 11, 2015. 
^ "Back to dough after losing bread: Papa John Schnatter shutters Calistoga Artisan Sandwich project after three and a half years". Insider Louisville. Archived from the original on April 19, 2012. Retrieved December 5, 2012. 
^ Resnikoff, Ned (November 20, 2012). "Denny's, Papa John's walk back criticism of Obamacare". NBCNews.com. Retrieved February 4, 2014. 
^ Gerth, Joseph (April 17, 2012). "Presidential hopeful Mitt Romney to visit Louisville Thursday for fundraiser". The Courier-Journal. Retrieved February 4, 2014. 
^ Taylor, Kate (January 29, 2017). "PAPA JOHN'S CEO: America is on a path to becoming what Germany was in 1867". businessinsider.com. 
^ "Conquer Cancer website". Conquercancer.ca. May 28, 2009. Retrieved July 30, 2010. 


External links[edit]

John Schnatter on Twitter 





 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=John_Schnatter&oldid=792631205"					
Categories: 1961 birthsAmerican billionairesAmerican businesspeopleAmerican chief executives of food industry companiesAmerican ChristiansBall State University alumniLiving peoplePeople from Jeffersonville, IndianaBusinesspeople from Louisville, KentuckyPizza chain foundersKentucky RepublicansAmerican food company foundersHidden categories: Webarchive template wayback linksWikipedia pending changes protected pages (level 1)Use mdy dates from April 2015Articles with hCardsAll articles lacking reliable referencesArticles lacking reliable references from September 2015Articles needing additional references from March 2017All articles needing additional referencesArticles needing cleanup from March 2017All pages needing cleanupArticles with sections that need to be turned into prose from March 2017 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages



Add links 





 This page was last edited on 27 July 2017, at 17:36.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 






Forbes WelcomeCLOSE   More Options   Quote of the Day  Develop a curiosity overload. Kevin Harrington, Entrepreneur    






John H. Schnatter — Office of the President

























louisville.edu
                    


My Accounts


Exchange



CardMail



PeopleSoft HR



PeopleSoft Campus Solutions



PeopleSoft Financials



ULink



Blackboard



Plone







 louisville.edu
                         My AccountsExchangeCardMailPeopleSoft HRPeopleSoft Campus SolutionsPeopleSoft FinancialsULinkBlackboardPlone
            ﻿Search UofLGo
                            ApplyUndergraduateTransferGraduateDentistryLawMedicineMBAInternationalOnline LearningDonate
                            CampusesBelknapHSCOnline





 louisville.edu
                    



Search UofL

Go


















                    Office of the President
                







HomeBiography21st Century InitiativeAccountabilityDiversity & EquityAbout U of LBoard of Trustees
BylawsMinutesVideoContactPresentationsJohn H. Schnatter
Board of OverseersAthletic AssociationResearch FoundationUofL Medical School Fund, Inc.Quality and Charity Care Trust, Inc.Cardiovascular Innovation Institute












                                    Home
                                

/
Board of Trustees

/
                        John H. Schnatter
                    

                    John H. Schnatter
                

Length of Service:  January 13, 2017Term Expires:  January 13, 2022John H. Schnatter is Papa John’s Founder, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer.In 1983, John Schnatter delivered his last college campus pizza, received his business degree from Ball State University and headed home to Jeffersonville, Indiana. There, at age 22, he knocked down a broom closet in his father’s tavern, installed an oven and began delivering pizza out of the back of the bar.In 1996, John and his company earned the praise of residents in their hometown of Louisville, Kentucky by making a substantial financial commitment to a new 42,000-seat football stadium on the University of Louisville campus. The structure, which opened in September 1998, is called Papa John’s Cardinal Stadium.John’s numerous business achievements and philanthropic efforts culminated in his induction into the Louisville Junior Achievement Business Hall of Fame in 2000, and the Junior Achievement U.S. Business Hall of Fame in 2007. The class of 2007 also included Earl Graves Sr., Founder, Chairman, and Publisher, Black Enterprise magazine; Hugh McColl Jr., Retired Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Bank of America; and Ted Turner, Chairman, Turner Enterprises, Inc. In 2011, John was inducted into Nova Southeastern University’s H. Wayne Huizenga Business School's Entrepreneur Hall of Fame.Other awards and honors received by Papa John’s and its founder include:For 15 out of the last 17 years, Papa John's has earned the highest customer satisfaction rating among pizza chains in the highly regarded American Customer Satisfaction Index (ACSI) conducted by the National Quality Research Center at the University of Michigan’s Ross School of Business.2014 – 2016 Papa John’s Corporate Campus, recognized as one of the “Best Places to Work in Kentucky” in the large company category by the Kentucky Chamber of CommerceNamed 2015 Louisvillian of the Year by the American Advertising Federation Louisville ChapterMay 2015, received an Honorary Doctor of Laws degree from Ball State UniversityWinner of the 2013 Business of the Year Award, presented by Business First, in the very large company of the year category. The prestigious Business of the Year Award pays tribute to companies who have recorded outstanding accomplishments in the last year.Honored by Nation’s Restaurant News with its 2013 MenuMasters Award in the category of Best Limited-Time Offer for its Buffalo Chicken Pizza.Brand most identified by avid National Football League fans as an NFL sponsor, according to the results of the seventh annual NFL sponsor awareness survey released in March 2013 by Turnkey Intelligence for SportsBusiness Journal/Daily.In 1996 and in 2012, Papa John’s was named Nation’s Restaurant News Golden Chain Award winner.Named the 2012 highest-ranked brand, “Brand of the Year,” in the Pizza Chain Category in the Annual Harris Poll EquiTrend Study.Top rated national pizza delivery and take-out chain in Restaurants & Institutions’ Consumers Choice in Chains Survey (1998-2000, 2002, 2004-2006, 2008)Ranked #1 in the 2008 Brand Keys Customer Loyalty Engagement Index2008 recipient of the Silver Award for Consumers’ Choice in ChainsNamed 2007 Pizza Chain of the Year by Pizza TodayNamed 2006 Pizza Chain of the Year by PizzaMarketplace.com.Silver winner of the 2006 Brandweek Customer Loyalty Award in the pizza categoryNamed Delivery Operator of the Year among pizza chains in the United Kingdom by the Pizza and Pasta Association (2005-2006)Voted "Best Pizza" in more than 100 U.S. markets over the last several years, including in Los Angeles, Washington D.C., Atlanta, Dallas, Indianapolis, Orlando, Knoxville and PhoenixCompany Founder and Chairman John Schnatter named one of the Ten Outstanding Young Americans in 2000 by the National Jaycees OrganizationCompany Founder and Chairman John Schnatter named 1998 National Ernst & Young Retail/Consumer Entrepreneur of the YearJohn believes that if you are curious, innovative and work hard in America, you can get ahead - especially when you have the right ingredients.




            
            June 2017 - The President's Report
         



            
            May 2017 - The President's Report
         



            
            April 2017 - The President's Report
         



            
            March 2017 - The President's Report
         



            
            February 2017 - The President's Report
         









Office of the PresidentGrawemeyer HallUniversity of LouisvilleLouisville, Kentucky 40292Contacttel (502) 852-5417fax (502) 852-7226SocialFacebookYouTubeFlickrQuick LinksAbout UofLTrusteesUofL FoundationUofL MissionOrg. ChartAccreditationsBusiness Services 





















