 





Products overview | Schneider Electric





















































My products


My documents








Global EN




FR


Partner Portal









 
Welcome to the Schneider Electric Global Website
ENGLISH | FRENCH
Please choose your country or region to view available products.

Choose your country
> Stay on the Global site
Stay on the Global site





Choose your country
                    














Choose your country














-Global-








Global


Global French




Asia Pacific








Australia


Bangladesh


Brunei


Cambodia


China


Fiji, Tonga


French Polynesia


Hong Kong


Hong Kong (English)


India


Indonesia (Bahasa)


Indonesia (English)


Japan


Kazakhstan


Korea, South


Laos


Malaysia


Maldives


Mongolia


Mongolia (English)


Myanmar (Burmese)


Myanmar (English)


New Caledonia


New Zealand


Papua New Guinea


Philippines


Singapore


Sri Lanka


Taiwan


Thailand


Thailand (Thailand)


Uzbekistan


Uzbekistan (English)


Vietnam


Vietnam (Vietnamese)




Europe








Albania


Austria


Belarus


Belarus (English)


Belgium


Belgium (Dutch)


Bosnia-Herzegovina


Bulgaria


Croatia


Cyprus


Czech Republic


Denmark


Estonia


Finland


France


Georgia


Georgia (English)


Germany


Greece


Hungary


Ireland


Italy


Kosovo


Latvia


Lithuania


Macedonia


Malta


Moldavia


Montenegro


Netherlands


Norway


Poland


Portugal


Romania


Russia


Serbia


Slovakia


Slovenia


Spain


Sweden


Switzerland (French)


Switzerland (German)


Turkey


Ukraine (Russian)


Ukraine (Ukrainian)


United Kingdom




Latin America








Argentina, Uruguay, Paraguay


Bolivia


Brazil


Chile


Colombia


Ecuador


French Guiana


Peru


Venezuela




Middle East and Africa








Algeria


Azerbaijan (Azerbaijani)


Azerbaijan (English)


Bahrain (English)


Benin


Botswana


Burkina Faso


Cameroon


Central African Republic


Chad


Comoros


Congo


Dem. Rep. Congo (Zaire)


Egypt and North East Africa


Equatorial Guinea


Gabon


Gambia


Ghana


Guinea


Iraq


Israel


Ivory Coast


Jordan


Kenya


Kuwait


Lebanon


Liberia


Libya


Madagascar


Malawi


Mali


Mauritania


Mauritius


Mayotte


Morocco


Mozambique


Namibia


Niger


Nigeria


Oman


Pakistan


Qatar


Reunion


Saudi Arabia (Arabic)


Saudi Arabia (English)


Senegal


Seychelles


Sierra Leone


South Africa


Swaziland


Tanzania


Togo


Tunisia


Uganda


United Arab Emirates


Yemen


Zambia


Zimbabwe




North America








Bahamas


Barbados


Canada


Canada (French)


Costa Rica


Dominican Republic


El Salvador


Guadeloupe


Guatemala


Haiti


Honduras


Jamaica


Martinique


Mexico


Nicaragua


Panama


St. Barthelemy


St. Lucia


St. Martin


St. Pierre & Miquelon


Trinidad And Tobago


USA










 





Schneider Electric











 





 
 
 







All Products



















Find the products, software or documentation that best meets your needs:

Product Finder

Product A-Z index
Download Center
FAQ







Industrial Automation and Control


Learn more aboutIndustrial Automation and Control.

Boxes, Cabling and Interfaces
Contactors and Protection Relays
Enclosures and Accessories
HMI (Terminals and Industrial PC)
Industrial Communication
Interface, Measurement and Control Relays
Measurement and Instrumentation
Motion Control and Robotics
Motor Starters and Protection Components
PLC, PAC and Dedicated Controllers
Power Supplies, Power Protection and Transformers
Process Control and Safety
Pushbuttons, Switches, Pilot Lights and Joysticks
Sensors and RFID System
Signaling Units
Software
Telemetry and Remote SCADA Systems
Variable Speed Drives and Soft Starters




Access to Energy



Collective Solutions
Home Systems




Medium Voltage Distribution and Grid Automation


Learn more aboutMedium Voltage Distribution and Grid Automation.

Feeder Automation
Field Services
Grid Automation and SCADA Software
Medium Voltage Switchgear
Medium-Voltage Transformers
Medium-Voltage/Low-Voltage Prefabricated Substations
Outdoor Equipment
Power Monitoring and Control
Protection Relays by Application
Protection Relays by Range
Substation Automation
Switchgear Components




Critical Power, Cooling and Racks


Learn more aboutCritical Power, Cooling and Racks.

Cooling
Critical Power and Cooling Services
Data Center Software
IT Power Distribution
Prefabricated Data Center Modules
Racks and Accessories
Security and Environmental Monitoring
Surge Protection and Power Conditioning
Uninterruptible Power Supply (UPS)




Low Voltage Products and Systems


Learn more aboutLow Voltage Products and Systems.

Busway and Cable Management
Circuit Breakers and Switches
Contactors and Protection Relays
Electrical Car Charging
Electrical Protection and Control
Emergency Lighting
Fuse and Safety Switches
Insulation Monitors
Light Switches and Electrical Sockets
Motor Starters and Protection Components
Power Monitoring and Control
Power Quality and Power Factor Correction
Pushbuttons, Switches, Pilot Lights and Joysticks
Software
Surge Protection and Power Conditioning
Switchboards and Enclosures




Solar and Energy Storage


Learn more aboutSolar and Energy Storage.

Commercial and Industrial
Solar Off-Grid and Back-Up
Solar for Residential




Building Automation and Control


Learn more aboutBuilding Automation and Control.

Access Control
Building Management
Emergency Lighting
Fire and Security
Network Infrastructure and Connectivity
Power Monitoring and Control
Power Quality and Power Factor Correction
Valves, Actuators and Sensors
Variable Speed Drives and Soft Starters
Video Management System




Residential and Small Business


Learn more aboutResidential and Small Business.

Electrical Car Charging
Electrical Protection and Control
Emergency Lighting
Home Automation
Home Security
Installation Material and System
Light Switches and Electrical Sockets
Network Infrastructure and Connectivity
Solar for Residential
Uninterruptible Power Supply (UPS)









     
EcoStruxure™ for Your Business    
    

    
EcoStruxure lets you thrive in today's digital world. Make better business decisions with scalable and converged IT/OT solutions.    
    


                     Learn more
                    
 


    
Reach Us    
    

    
Have a question, complaint or is there some feedback you’d like to send us to make your experience with Schneider Electric better?    
    


                     Contact an Expert
                    




    
Frequently Asked Questions    
    

    
Easily find and share the answer you are looking for from our online FAQ service    
    


                     Browse FAQ
                    



     
Need information?    
    

    
Browse our resource section and find the most useful tools and documents for all our products    
    


                     Browse
                    
 

     
Energy and sustainability services    
    

    
First, envision an energy-efficient, cost-effective and sustainable enterprise. Next, discover our energy and sustainability services, including big data management, to turn this vision into your business reality.    
    


                     Browse services
                    
 

     
Field Services    
    

    
Optimize the life cycle of your assets, improve performance, safety, and reduce maintenance costs – all with an experienced provider of complete field services and a partner you can trust.    
    


                     Discover services
                    
 









Facebook
Twitter
Google Plus
LinkedIn
Email
Print







SUPPORT



 
                        See All Support Options
                     



                        US Customer Support
                    




France Customer Support         
    

























 





Ulf Mark Schneider - Wikipedia





















 






Ulf Mark Schneider

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

Ulf Mark Schneider (born 1965) is the current CEO of Nestlé S.A.[clarification needed] and a former CEO of Fresenius, a €28 billion global healthcare group.[1]
Life and career[edit]
Schneider was born and raised in Germany and became a U.S. citizen in 2003. He holds a doctorate in economics from the University of St. Gallen, Switzerland, and an MBA from Harvard Business School.[2]
Schneider was Group Finance Director for Gehe UK plc., a pharmaceutical wholesale and retail distributor, in Coventry, England. Schneider held several senior executive positions starting in 1989 with Gehe’s majority shareholder, Franz Haniel & Cie. GmbH, a diversified German industrial company.[3]
Schneider joined Fresenius in November 2001, when he was appointed Chief Financial Officer of Fresenius Medical Care. From May 2003 until June 2016 he served as CEO of the parent company Fresenius. Under Schneider's leadership of Fresenius, the number of employees more than tripled, revenue quadrupled and net income increased twelvefold.[4] While Schneider was CEO, Fresenius also carried out a number of major strategic acquisitions: the private hospital chain HELIOS Kliniken in 2005; U.S. dialysis provider Renal Care Group, in 2006; U.S. pharmaceutical company APP Pharmaceuticals, in 2008; Liberty Dialysis, another major dialysis provider in the United States, in 2011; and, in 2014, the purchase of 41 hospitals from Rhön-Klinikum, through which HELIOS became the largest private hospital operator in Germany.[5]
On June 27, 2016, Schneider was appointed Chief Executive Officer (CEO) of Nestlé SA, replacing Paul Bulcke. He officially started his position on January 1, 2017.[6] Schneider is the first outsider to run Nestlé since 1922.[7]
The management challenges of global growth and future strategies in the healthcare and pharmaceutical industries are of particular interest to Schneider.[8][9][10]
Schneider chairs the European Advisory Board of Harvard Business School and serves on the Board of Directors of the American chemical company DuPont.[11]
References[edit]

^ Group overview on Fresenius' corporate website
^ Ulf Mark Schneider’s CV on Fresenius' corporate website
^ Business Week: New Blood Invigorates Dialysis Company
^ Fresenius Press Release
^ Company History
^ "Nestle's press release on June 27th, 2016". www.nestle.com. Retrieved 2016-06-28. 
^ Blackstone, Brian; Chaudhuri, Saabira (2016-06-27). "Nestlé Taps Ulf Mark Schneider as Next CEO". Wall Street Journal. ISSN 0099-9660. Retrieved 2016-10-14. 
^ St. Gallen Symposium 2006
^ Business Week: A Prescription for Saving Big Drugmakers
^ Harvard Business School case study: Growth and Profitability at Fresenius
^ DuPont corporate website

External links[edit]

Ulf Mark Schneider’s CV on Fresenius' corporate website
Brief Biography on Reuters
Video interview on Wall Street Journal's website: Fresenius on Growth




Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 199026419
GND: 171093631










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Ulf_Mark_Schneider&oldid=788696214"					
Categories: 1965 birthsAmerican health care chief executivesHarvard Business School alumniLiving peopleUniversity of St. Gallen alumniDirectors of DuPontHidden categories: Wikipedia articles needing clarification from February 2017Wikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with GND identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


Deutsch 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 2 July 2017, at 23:25.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 








Ulf Schneider, Nestle SA: Profile & Biography - Bloomberg


































































  







































Feedback





Ulf Schneider

Chief Executive Officer,
Nestle SA






Career History




Chief Executive Officer
Nestle SA, 1/2017-PRESENT



Nestle SA, 9/2016-1/2017


Chairman
Fresenius Kabi USA Inc, 8/2012-6/2016


Chairman-Mgmt Board/CEO
Fresenius SE & Co Kgaa, 1/2011-6/2016


Chairman-Mgmt Board/CEO
Fresenius Mgmt SE, 1/2011-6/2016


Chairman-Supervisory Board
Fresenius Medical Care Management AG, 4/2005-6/2016


Chairman-Supervisory Bd
Fresenius Kabi AG, UNKNOWN-6/2016


Chairman-Supervisory Board
Fresenius Medical Care Groupe France, UNKNOWN-6/2016


Partner
Fresenius Medical Care AG & Co Kgaa, UNKNOWN-6/2016


Chairman-Supervisory Bd
Hellos Kliniken GmbH, UNKNOWN-9/2015


Chairman-Supervisory Board
Fps Beteiligungs AG, UNKNOWN-7/2015


Chairman
App Pharmaceuticals Inc, UNKNOWN-8/2012


Chairman-Mgmt Board
Fresenius SE, 7/2007-1/2011


Chairman-Supervisory Board
Fresenius Kabi Pharmaceuticals Holding Inc, 9/2008-11/2009


Chairman-Supervisory Bd
Eufets AG, UNKNOWN-5/2009


Chairman-Mgmt Board/CEO
Fresenius AG, 5/2003-7/2007


Chairman-Supervisory Board
Fresenius Medical Care Management AG, UNKNOWN-5/2003


CFO/Member-Mgmt Board
Fresenius Medical Care AG, 11/2001-5/2003


Chief Financial Officer
Fresenius Medical Care AG & Co, FORMER


Chairman-Supervisory Board
Fresenius Medical Group France, FORMER


Chairman-Supervisory Board
Fresenius Medical Care AG & Co Kgaa, FORMER


Show More









Website:
www.nestle.com






Corporate Information
Address:

Avenue Nestle 55
Vevey, 1800
Switzerland


Phone:
41-21-924-1111


Fax:
41-21-924-4800


Web url:
www.nestle.com











From The Web












Personal Information



Education



Harvard Business School
MBA, 1993


University of St Gallen
PhD, Economics, 1992








Memberships



Board Memberships




Nestle SA


Board Member, 4/2017-PRESENT




EI DU Pont de Nemours & Co


Board Member, 10/2014-5/2017




Fresenius Hemocare Netherlands BV


Board Member, UNKNOWN-6/2016




Fresenius Kabi AG


Chairman, UNKNOWN-6/2016




Fresenius Kabi Espana SA


Board Member, UNKNOWN-6/2016




Fresenius Medical Care Groupe France


Chairman, UNKNOWN-6/2016




Fresenius Kabi USA Inc


Board Member, UNKNOWN-6/2016




Fresenius Kabi USA Inc


Chairman, 8/2012-6/2016




Fresenius Kabi Pharmaceuticals Holding Inc


Board Member, 11/2009-6/2016




Fresenius Medical Care Management AG


Chairman, 4/2005-6/2016




Fhc Holdings Ltd


Board Member, 10/2004-6/2016




Hellos Kliniken GmbH


Chairman, UNKNOWN-9/2015




Fps Beteiligungs AG


Chairman, UNKNOWN-7/2015




App Pharmaceuticals Inc


Chairman, UNKNOWN-8/2012




Fresenius Kabi Austria GmbH


Board Member, UNKNOWN-6/2010




Fresenius Kabi Pharmaceuticals Holding Inc


Chairman, 9/2008-11/2009




Eufets AG


Chairman, UNKNOWN-5/2009




Fresenius Medical Care AG & Co


Board Member, 2/2006-3/2006




Fresenius Medical Care AG


Board Member, 5/2004-2/2006




Fresenius Medical Care Management AG


Chairman, UNKNOWN-5/2003




Fresenius Medical Group France


Chairman, FORMER




Fresenius Medical Care AG & Co Kgaa


Chairman, FORMER




App Pharmaceuticals Inc


Board Member, 9/2008-UNKNOWN




Fresenius Medical Care AG & Co Kgaa


Board Member, 3/2006-UNKNOWN



Show More








Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data



































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












      Nestlé Taps Ulf Mark Schneider as Next CEO  - WSJ
    












































































































 




Dow Jones, a News Corp companyNews Corp is a network of leading companies in the worlds of diversified media, news, education, and information servicesDow JonesBarron'sBigChartsDJXDow Jones NewswiresFactivaFinancial NewsMansion GlobalMarketWatchNewsPlusPrivate MarketsRisk & ComplianceWSJ ConferenceWSJ ProWSJ VideoWSJ.comNews CorpBig DecisionsBusiness SpectatorCheckout51Harper CollinsNew York PostPropTigerREArealtor.comStoryfulThe AustralianThe SunThe TimesSubscribe NowSign InThe Wall Street JournalSearchSearch→
 

 

















                      Amazon’s Expansion Costs Take a Toll
                    











                      Trump Comments on U.S. Factories Make It Awkward for Apple
                    











                      An Electric Maserati? Fiat Chrysler CEO Says It’s on the Way
                    











                        Globalization in Retreat
                      

                      China’s Next Target: U.S. Microchip Hegemony
                    











                      Shell Prepares for ‘Lower Forever’ Oil Prices
                    











                      Uber Approaches GE CEO Jeff Immelt About Top Role
                    











                      Glencore Under Probe Over Congo Payments
                    











                      Chinese Billionaire Scales Down His Hollywood Dreams
                    











                      Intel Finds Room to Boost Revenue
                    











                      United Therapeutics in Settlement Talks With Justice Department
                    











                      Procter &amp; Gamble, Activist Spar Over Latest Results
                    









 



 






 

































        Small
      




        Medium
      




        Large
      








Save Article
Sign In to Save
Subscribe to WSJ









 










Business




Nestlé Taps Ulf Mark Schneider as Next CEO 
Fresenius CEO to succeed Paul Bulcke at start of next year

 






By

Brian Blackstone and 
              

Brian Blackstone
The Wall Street Journal
BiographyBrian Blackstone
@Blackstonebrian
brian.blackstone@wsj.com



Saabira Chaudhuri


Saabira Chaudhuri
The Wall Street Journal
BiographySaabira Chaudhuri
@saabirac
Google+
Saabira.Chaudhuri@wsj.com




  Updated June 27, 2016 2:06 p.m. ET





ZURICH—Nestlé SA on Monday named Ulf Mark Schneider—the head of a European health-care company—to be its new chief executive, in a surprise move that underscores the increasing emphasis on health and nutrition from the owner of Kit Kat candy bars, Perrier mineral water and DiGiorno frozen pizza. Mr. Schneider, chief executive of Germany-based Fresenius SE, will succeed current CEO Paul Bulcke, whom Nestlé’s board proposed as the...
  


    To Read the Full Story
  


      Subscribe
    

      Sign In
    



 












 






Most Popular Videos









Sen. Graham: The 'Skinny' Bill Is a Disaster









John McCain Casts Deciding Vote to Defeat Health Bill









Dan Neil Drives VW's Atlas









Who and What Is Covered by Medicaid?









How Luxury Home Builders Build for Themselves






Most Popular Articles








Bad News If You Make $150,000 to $300,000: Higher Taxes for Many








Opinion: Trump Is Woody Allen Without the Humor








Scaramucci Erupts Over Priebus and Leakers








Stop Saying Tom Brady Is Old!








Japan Slaps 50% Tariff on Some U.S. Beef





 





 







              Popular on WSJ
            








Most Popular Videos









Sen. Graham: The 'Skinny' Bill Is a Disaster









John McCain Casts Deciding Vote to Defeat Health Bill









Dan Neil Drives VW's Atlas









Who and What Is Covered by Medicaid?









How Luxury Home Builders Build for Themselves






Most Popular Articles








Bad News If You Make $150,000 to $300,000: Higher Taxes for Many








Opinion: Trump Is Woody Allen Without the Humor








Scaramucci Erupts Over Priebus and Leakers








Stop Saying Tom Brady Is Old!








Japan Slaps 50% Tariff on Some U.S. Beef





 








 
















   
     
       
     
   

  
    
      
    
  

  
    
      
    
  

  
    
      
    
  


  
    
    
      
    
    
      Save Article
      Sign In to Save
      Subscribe to WSJ
    
  

   
     
       
     
   
   
     
       
     
   




  
  
    
      
  
    
      Text Size
  
      
      
        

        Small
      
  
      
      
        

        Medium
      
  
      
      
        

        Large
      
    
  
  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
    
      
        
          
            
              
          
            Print
          
        
      
          
            
              
          
            Facebook
          
        
        
          
            
              
          
            Twitter
          
        
        
          
            
              
          
            WhatsApp
          
        
  
        
          
            
              
          
            SMS
          
        
  
  
        
          
            
              
          
            Copy Link
          
        
  
      
  
      
        
    
  
    
  
  
  


 






















our profiles






































































































  our profiles









The team of SCHNEIDER GROUP consists of about 500 experts who combine a western management mindset with local know-how. We are there for you in Russia, Kazakhstan, Belarus, Ukraine, Poland and Germany, speaking your language. Feel free to get in touch.


Ulf Schneider







Ulf Schneider is the founder and Managing Partner of SCHNEIDER GROUP. The group has offices in Russia (Moscow, St. Petersburg), Belarus (Minsk), Ukraine (Kyiv), Kazakhstan (Almaty, Aktau, Astana), Poland (Warsaw) and Germany (Frankfurt, Berlin) and provides consulting services to Western companies with a major focus on practical support in such areas as Legal Entity Set-Up, Accounting Outsourcing, Import, Internal Audit / Due Diligence, IT, Interim Management, Taxation and ERP-Setup.
Ulf Schneider is Managing Director and Publisher of the owc Foreign Trade Publishing House.
Before setting up SCHNEIDER GROUP, Ulf Schneider worked as CFO in the Moscow office of Allianz Insurance Company. During that time he led projects in financial management with focus on restructuring.
After studying economics in Kiel and at the University of Illinois Ulf Schneider worked for 5 years with Procter & Gamble in financial management, corporate taxation and planning. His assignments where at different places in Germany and also in Brussels, Belgium.
Ulf Schneider has made many presentations at different seminars and congresses on the following topics:

Economic development in the Russian speaking countries and Poland
Business Set-up and Development in the Russian speaking countries
Due Diligence, Taxation and Accounting – What to consider when operating in the Russian speaking countries and Poland
Common Economic Space from Lisbon to Vladivostok
New Silk Road project and implications for all countries involved



Lars Flottrong







Lars Flottrong is Director – Partner of the Moscow office of SCHNEIDER GROUP. With his knowledge in economics and the expertise he gathered during his extensive work experience, Mr. Flottrong provides all of SCHNEIDER GROUP’s services to our clients and consults them in Russian, English or German.
Before joining SCHNEIDER GROUP, Lars Flottrong worked as Finance Director in the Moscow office of ED&F Man, one of the world largest physical commodity trading companies. During that time he was responsible for accounting, tax and finance aspects of the Russian operations, including production.
After studying economics at the Moscow State University of International Relations, Lars Flottrong worked with international companies in both Russia and Germany at a senior level.
Lars Flottrong has made many presentations and workshops all over the world on the following topics:
Market entry in Russia

Business Set-up and Development
Economic development and chances for exporting companies & investors
Finance structuring of business
Accounting & taxes in Russia



Andreas Bitzi







Andreas Bitzi has been the Director – Partner of SCHNEIDER GROUP in St. Petersburg since 2008. Our clients in the North-Western region of Russia can fully rely on the expertise of Mr. Bitzi and his team to support them with any questions they have regarding market entry and development on the Russian market.
After receiving his Master of Science in Economics and Political Science and before joining SCHNEIDER GROUP, Mr. Bitzi increased his knowledge and honed his professionalism in controlling and finance management through various high-level positions in international companies, the most recent of which being Hewlett-Packard.
He now shares his expertise as an economist with our employees and the clients of SCHNEIDER GROUP in St. Petersburg and other Russian regions on the following topics:

Business set-up
Permanent establishments
Accounting
Personnel
Macroeconomics

Mr. Bitzi is also Deputy Chairman or member of the following associations:

AEB Association of European Businesses
Rotary Club St. Petersburg International
Cércle Kondratieff



Kirill Afanasyev







Kirill Afanasyev is the General Director of our SCHNEIDER GROUP office in Almaty. Together with his team of more than 40 experts, he provides our services to more than 60 multinational companies operating in Kazakhstan in various industries, such as construction, telecommunication, FMCG, subsurface use, logistics, consulting, renewable energy, pharmaceuticals and others.
In 2009, Mr. Afanasyev started as a Senior Tax Expert at SCHNEIDER GROUP after having worked in numerous companies, the most recent being Ernst & Young.
After his development within SCHNEIDER GROUP, he now continues to share his expertise in the sphere of taxes with professional tax presentations, speeches, articles and at our SCHNEIDER GROUP events.
Furthermore, Mr. Afanasyev uses his strengths to build and manage effective client relations and develop our business on the market in Kazakhstan. With his knowledge of the peculiarities regarding business in Kazakhstan, he has also supported the Canada-Eurasia-Russia Business Association (CERBA) as a Board Member since 2014. In representing CERBA in exhibitions, round tables, forums and organizing events, he is working on the development of the relations between Canadian and Kazakhstani businesses.


Yuri Donets







Yuri Donets is the Director of the Ukrainian office of SCHNEIDER GROUP and responsible for providing our services to clients in this region. With his extensive business experience, including setting up operations, crisis management and successful implementation of world-class financial controls, he is especially skilled in Commercial, Finance and G&A matters.
Before joining SCHNEIDER GROUP and after his economic studies, Mr. Donets climbed the corporate latter through several finance and general management positions within well-known multinational businesses, the most recent of which being SC Johnson.
Mr. Donets has already gathered much experience in the commercial activity of Ukrainian operations, customer leadership, growth benchmarks and SAP projects, including multi-tier production, exports, imports and local trade. His expertise additionally includes the areas of

Risk mitigation,
Contingency planning,
Implementation of anticorruption procedures, and
FCPA-related documentation.

Furthermore, Mr. Donets has given several presentations on behalf of SCHNEIDER GROUP, including giving speeches in the fields of:

Business development
Finance and
Risk mitigation solutions



Adrian Branny







Adrian Branny is the General Director of the SCHNEIDER GROUP office in Poland and responsible for offering all our services at our Warsaw office. He is a Polish certified Tax Advisor with more than 12 years of professional experience in

Income Taxation,
VAT & Tax Planning,
M&A Transactions.

In addition, Mr. Branny is a World Bank consultant in the area of corporate income tax in Poland.
Before joining SCHNEIDER GROUP, Mr. Branny was an associate in the tax department of Sołtysiński Kawecki & Szlęzak Legal Office and worked as a Tax Manager for Deloitte in Poland in the Corporate Tax and Litigation team for more than 8 years.
He graduated from the Law Faculty at the Warsaw University, where he got his Ph.D. in tax law.
Due to his expertise acquired within his education and work experience, Mr. Branny was a speaker at a number of conferences and is giving presentations on topics related to

Business set- up in Poland,
Polish taxation
Accounting environment.



Natalia Shulzhenko







Natalya Shulzhenko is a Head of Office at SCHNEIDER GROUP’s Minsk office, and holds a Diploma in International Financial Reporting Standards “DipIFR-Rus АССА”. She has substantial experience advising clients on Belarussian:

Accounting,
Taxation,
Current regulations for permanent establishments,
Practice of double tax treaties.

After her Diploma in Accounting, Controlling, Analysis & Audit at the Moscow State University of Economics, Statistics & Informatics, Ms. Shulzhenko gained experience as a Chief Accountant in different Western companies and representative offices across a wide range of industries, including energy, construction, manufacturing, distribution and the service sector.
Ms. Shulzhenko joined SCHNEIDER GROUP in 2009 and has since made many presentations at seminars and conferences on the following topics:

Peculiarities of Belarusian taxation,
Things to consider when importing into Belarus,
Accounting, taxes, and reporting – differences between subsidiaries and representative offices



Helge Masannek







Helge Masannek is the Group Director of the Tax, Legal and Import Departments of SCHNEIDER GROUP and responsible for the services in Russia, Kazakhstan, Belarus, Ukraine, Poland and Germany.
Masannek is a German qualified lawyer (Rechtsanwalt) with several years’ experience in advising western companies in their activities in Russia and CIS with particular emphasis on tax law and market entry issues. Before joining SCHNEIDER GROUP Helge worked in Germany for a law firm focusing on companies from Eastern Europe entering the German market and in Moscow for a German-based law firm advising clients in all aspects of Russian commercial law.
Masannek is actively developing SCHNEIDER GROUP’s tax practice, whereas the legal department’s work that he supervises remains limited to legal matters, which are relevant for our clients (mostly international companies setting up business in Russia):

g. legal support related to the obtaining of visa and work permits
Preparation of inter-company agreements with a focus on tax matters
Re-registration / liquidation of legal addresses, customs issues etc.

Mr. Masannek regularly holds seminars on tax and customs issues and consults foreign pharmaceutical companies in localization matters. He is fluent in German, English and Russian.


Yuliya Sudnik







Yuliya Sudnik is a Project Specialist and the Chinese Country Desk Manager of SCHNEIDER GROUP and is based out of the Minks office. She has been the primary point of contact for many of our clients since 2013 and communicates with them in English, German, Chinese, and Russian.
As the Chinese Country Desk Manager, Ms. Sudnik helps SCHNEIDER GROUP participate in meetings with current and potential Chinese clients, developing our business direction and also providing communication support during negotiations and cooperation. As a Project Specialist, Ms. Sudnik provides our clients with consulting services in the area of payments, invoices and other documents.
Before joining SCHNEIDER GROUP, Ms. Sudnik gathered lot a significant amount of knowledge over more than four years of studying abroad for her Master’s Degree and getting to know the peculiarities of the cultures she lived in. With her experiences in Germany and China and her further development in Belarus, she helps to provide SCHNEIDER GROUP’s services for German, Russian, and Chinese clients.


Sergey Odintsov







Sergey Odintsov is currently responsible for our Tax and Legal Department at SCHNEIDER GROUP’s Minsk office, where he provides all of services to Western companies. He has a particular proficiency on practical support in such areas as legal entity set-up, restructuring, investment consulting, taxation and tax advisory.
Odintsov is a tax and legal expert with more than 13 years of extensive experience in

Tax and legal advisory,
Business set up and restructuring,
Corporate and commercial law,
Mergers and Acquisitions,
Foreign investments,
Corporate and indirect taxation,
International taxation and tax structuring.

 
Before joining SCHNEIDER GROUP, Mr. Odintsov worked at numerous professional service companies, including one of the Big Four in Belarus. He advised international and local clients working in such economy sectors as engineering & construction, oil & gas, transportation & logistics, retail & consumer, pharmaceuticals, IT and others.
 
Starting from 2006, Mr. Odintsov has been closely working together with the IFC and World Bank on the Doing Business project by contributing his expertise to Paying Taxes Surveys for Belarus. Furthermore, he participated in a number of promo events and business conferences held in Belarus and abroad that mainly focus on foreign investments and market entry, corporate taxation, and transfer pricing.
 
Odintsov holds a degree in international law and has been admitted by the Ministry of Justice as a Tax and Legal Advisor (license No 471).


Daria Shelkova







In her 5 years at SCHNEIDER GROUP, Daria Shelkova has progressed from Senior Accountant to Deputy Finance Director. She has led several major projects in finance, accounting and taxation, including projects with staff located at our clients’ offices and projects in IFRS.
She has also participated in some internal projects, and has vast experience as a trainer in our starsacademy. Now, she is not only a supervisor of an accounting group and a trainer, but leads the starsacademy project within our company.
Before Ms. Shelkova started working for SCHNEIDER GROUP she worked as Chief Accountant in a large research institute in the machinery industry, and also in a company developing banking software. Furthermore, she has experience in finance accounting within the fuel industry, as well as in the economics and accountancy side of machine-building and metallurgical factory operations.
Shelkova graduated from the State Chuvash University as an economist with a qualification in Finance, Audit & Accounting, and has such certificates as Professional Chief Accountant, Tax Consultant, and a diploma in IFRS.
Shelkova’s work experience at SCHNEIDER GROUP and her previous experience in accounting and finance covers the following areas:

Clinical research;
Construction and premises renting;
Trade;
Industrial production;
IFRS accounting (transformation from RAS to IFRS; provisions on onerous contracts according to IAS 37).

Additionally, Ms. Shelkova has held seminars on the following topics:

Taxation – property, land and vehicle taxes
Taxation – profit tax
Transfer Pricing



Tatiana Danilova








Tatiana Danilova is a Board Member at SCHNEIDER GROUP. With over 15 years of accounting experience, she is proficient in the subtle accounting intricacies across a wide range of industries, including wholesales, trade, services, timber, construction, and logistics. In addition, she has distinguished herself by demonstrating particular proficiency in the following specializations:

Efficiency of finance department structure
Processes automation
Management reporting in IFRS and US GAAP
Budget analysis and review

Danilova has spent the bulk of her professional career at foreign companies, meaning that besides having fluent English, she also has had experience with various ERP systems beyond 1C, thereby making her a valuable asset for foreign companies doing business in Russia.
Her strong managerial skills combined with a high enthusiasm to solve new and difficult problems has made her the prime candidate to head new and innovative projects, including:

Interim CFO Business Line
Process Management Guide / Client Login project
Innovation Committee
High-tech Accounting

These are in addition to her daily function as a Finance Director, overseeing multiple accounting groups, distributing tasks, and conducting performance control.


Artem Barinov








Artem Barinov is the Head of Legal Department SCHNEIDER GROUP’s Kyiv office and is responsible for providing legal and tax services to our clients in Ukraine. He mainly assists our clients with solving complex issues of corporate, tax, labor and migration law. In addition, Mr. Barinov has proven experience in the areas of transfer pricing regulations and anti-corruption legislation in Ukraine.
Barinov graduated from the Kyiv National Taras Shevchenko University with a Master’s degree in Law, and has since gathered work experience for more than 9 years with international companies in the area of professional consulting services, as well as insurance and production.
Before joining SCHNEIDER GROUP, Mr. Barinov worked as a Legal and Tax Consultant with KPMG, focusing on projects in the area of tax law, M&A, labor law, migration law and foreign investments structuring.
He has given many presentations at different seminars and events on the following topics connected with business activities in Ukraine:

Business set-up,
Taxation rules,
Transfer pricing,
Employment of foreigners,
Migration requirements,
Investments and financing,
Anti-corruption legislation.



Irina Saadueva








Irina holds a university degree in Contract Design and Contract law (graduated from Humboldt University of Berlin) with specialization in Italian Contract law. She has five years of experience in working for international companies with extensive knowledge in international contract drafting.
Her business fields of expertise are corporate law, contract law, labor law and migration law. Irina has been working for SCHNEIDER GROUP since 2013, and performed a career path from Legal Expert to the Head of Legal Department. Currently she is supervising 13 lawyers on an executive level, including distribution of tasks and performance control.
Irina’s specialization is:

Legal Department management and performance reviewal
Construction
Outstaffing / Secondment
Advising on legal and regulatory risks
Interpret laws, rulings and regulations with respect to a wide range of matters
Work in partnership with senior management to develop and implement corporate business strategies

Language skills:

Russian – native
English – fluent
German – fluent
Italian – fluent



Christopher Schagerl








Christopher Schagerl works both for Kazakstani and Moscow offices. In Moscow he is a Director in charge of HR department. He supports Kazakhstani offices (Almaty, Astana and Aktau) in regard of Business Development and coordination between them. He effectively supports SCHNEIDER GROUP’s Managing Partner, Mr. Ulf Schneider in Moscow as well as the General Director in Kazakhstan, Mr. Kirill Afanasyev.
Christopher Schagerl is in charge of the following tasks:

Management of Human Resources and Recruiting team of Moscow headquarter;
Implementation of internal and external HR projects;
Development of the offices and business in Kazakhstan (Almaty, Astana and Aktau);
Support and promotion of the company’s activities in Chambers of Commerce in Russia, Kazakhstan and Austria;
Contact partner for Austrian businesses and Austrian desk of SCHNEIDER GROUP.

Before joining SCHNEIDER GROUP, Christopher worked about 7 years as the Head of the Representative office and Branches as well as a Financial Manager for an Austrian engineering and construction firm in Moscow. He was in charge of commercial administration and control of daughter companies, branch offices and projects. Furthermore, he organized liquidation of business entities. There he also had the chance to improve his strategic management functions and project management skills and especially his knowledge in Budgeting, Financial Planning and Controlling.
Christopher graduated from the Austrian University of Applied Sciences in Eisenstadt where he completed his Master and Bachelor degree in International Business Relations focusing on international finance, accounting and controlling. He is an ACCA student and spent a semester at the ESCE Paris as well as an internship in Kazan and finished studies at the Moscow State University and the Academy of Labor and Social Relations in Moscow.
Christopher speaks German as a native language, but he is also fluent in English and Russian and has basic skills of French.


Katharina Barthel








Katharina Barthel leads the marketing and event management of SCHNEIDER GROUP and is responsible for their activities in Russia, Ukraine, Kazakhstan, Belarus, Poland, Germany and the target markets.
Barthel leads the event team which organizes events on the premises of SCHNEIDER GROUP as well as in other venues. She has experience in developing concepts as well as organizing different formats from exclusive discussion rounds, seminars and conferences, to large events and corporate outings.
SCHNEIDER GROUP rents out its state of the art facilities and takes over the organization of clients’ events in the form of turn-key concepts and complete coordination.
Barthel has more than 9 years of experience in marketing, procurement and event management. In the past, she has worked in retail, for service providers and hotels.
Katharina Barthel has a diploma in Business Administration, with a major in Marketing; she has studied in Berlin and Istanbul and is currently living in Moscow for over 4 years. She is a native German, speaks fluent English, has good Russian skills and basic knowledge in Turkish.


Manuel Paffrath








Manuel Paffrath is Associate Director of Business Development of SCHNEIDER GROUP and responsible for the acquisition and support of international clients in Russia and the CIS. He has 7 years of sales and business development experience throughout key industries such as construction, machinery, pharma, automotive and IT. He offers consulting on market entry, interim management, import and certification, accounting and international reporting, tax, legal, outstaffing, recruiting and IT/ERP.
Paffrath holds an MBA with a focus on the oil and gas industry from the Moscow State Institute of International Relations (MGIMO), and is fluent in German, English and Russian.
Paffrath is actively developing SCHNEIDER GROUP’s market entry services, supervising the Moscow business development team and setting group wide standards in terms of a standardized acquisition approach, including offer and contract management.


Alexander Nuzhny








Alexander Nuzhny holds the position of Finance Director at the Moscow office of SCHNEIDER GROUP and has been with the company since 2007. With over 10 years of experience in financial economics, a Master’s in Finance and knowledge of three languages (German, English and Russian) Mr. Nuzhny is a highly skilled professional who furthered his qualification while working as an Associate Professor at the National Research University, Higher School of Economics (subject – Financial accounting, IFRS)
Before SCHNEIDER GROUP Mr. Nuzhny worked as Chief Accountant at an oil&gas trading and manufacturing company.
Presently, Mr.Nuzhny is dedicated to sharing his expertise with his colleagues and SCHNEIDER GROUP clients. Amongst his professional activities are the following:

Commercial and tax accounting
Preparation of annual financial statements and audits in accordance with German GAAP and IFRS standards
Preparation of managerial reports in accordance with IFRS standards
Development of internal instructions for accounting record-keeping purposes
Preparation of tax statements ( income taxes, turnover tax, net worth tax, property taxes, vehicle tax, social security contributions), separate VAT-detection, holding of import transactions, preparation of all accounting reports, relations with Russian tax authorities and Non-Appropriated Funds
Managing of Due Diligence projects
Execution of General Director functions in international companies’ subsidiaries



Leo Wortley








Leo Wortley is a Project Manager in the Business Development department of SCHNEIDER GROUP’s Moscow office.
Originally from Suffolk, England, Leo runs SCHNEIDER GROUP’s UK Desk. Leo studied Russian language, history, culture and economics at University College London, focusing on the country’s economic transition following the fall of the Soviet Union. With an in depth knowledge of the local business environment and fluency in the Russian language, Leo’s key responsibilities include:

Consulting clients, particularly UK clients, on market entry and expansion in Russia.
Developing SCHNEIDER GROUP’s client portfolio through active client acquisition.
Offering clients and business partners a single point of contact and efficiently coordinating communications with all departments of SCHNEIDER GROUP.



Ekaterina Lozhkova 








Graduated from Government University of Management, degree in Economics, Moscow State University: Diploma in International Financial Reporting System, Member of Chamber of tax advisers, ACCA student (11 exams are passed)
Total experience in Accounting and Finance more than 12 years. Prior to entering SCHNEIDER GROUP, Lozhkova Ekaterina started her carrier as accountant in Russian IT company with further promotion to Chief Accountant. Also she had experience as Finance Controller in French company specialized in recruiting service. In SCHNEIDER GROUP she started as Accountant in 2009.
Business fields: wholesale, trade, services, logistics
Leading:

Starsacademy
Accounting outsourcing department

Specialization

Accounting in SAP and Microsoft Dynamics AX 2012
Management reporting in IFRS and US GAAP

Software:

SAP ERP(FI, MM, SD,CO)
Microsoft Dynamics AX 2012
1C: various configurations and platforms
MS Office

Languages:

Russian – native
English – fluent
German – intermediate
Spanish – basic



Dmitriy Grigorenko








Dmitriy Grigorenko works in Business Development and is responsible for client outreach and the company’s operations on the US market.
Mr. Grigorenko received his Bachelor of Arts Degree in Economics from the School of Business and in History from the School of Arts and Sciences at Adelphi University, New York; as well as a Master of Jurisprudence from Moscow State Institute of Foreign Affairs (MGIMO), Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Russian Federation, with specialization in Energy Policy and Diplomacy.
Mr. Grigorenko has extensive experience in the hosting of government delegations, trade missions and the promotion of international events as well as a proven track record of assisting US companies in entering the Russian market and vice versa:

Identifying product distribution channels
Mediating B2B negotiations
Establishing business operations on new markets

Mr. Grigorenko regularly holds workshops and seminars on market entry and business set-up.
Languages:

Russian – native
English – native
Ukrainian – fluent
Spanish – basic
Bulgarian – basic



Alex Stolarsky








Alexander Stolarsky is the Director of the Tax and Legal Departments of SCHNEIDER GROUP in Moscow.
He is a German lawyer with more than 10 years’ experience in consulting clients in German and Russian jurisdictions. Before joining SCHNEIDER GROUP Alex worked as a Counsel in international law firms. Furthermore, he completed successfully his Legal Training at the Superior Court of Justice in Berlin, worked inter alia, at the German Ministry of Foreign Affairs at the Embassy of Tashkent in Uzbekistan and Consulate General in New York City.
His business fields of expertise are M&A transactions, establishment and operations of joint ventures, comprehensive advice on market entries to Russia, localization, expansion and exits.
Stolarsky regularly holds seminars on current economical topics and legal questions in regards to business in Russia and Germany. He is fluent in German, English and Russian. Additionally he has basic knowledge in Hebrew.
Topics of presentations:

Regulatory and Corporate Compliance
Cross-Border Transactions
Foreign Investments
Production Set up in Russia

















 



X









X









X





































We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.Ok






Ulf M. Schneider | United States | Decypha

































Sign In
|
Welcome  Guest 









 







Regions

GCC
                                |
                                    Levant
                                |
                                    MENA
                                |
                                    North Africa




GCC

Bahrain
                            |
                            Kuwait
                            |
                            Oman
                            |
                            Qatar
                            |
                            Saudi Arabia
                            |
                            United Arab Emirates




Levant

Iraq
                            |
                            Jordan
                            |
                            Lebanon
                            |
                            Palestine




North Africa

Egypt
                            |
                            Libya
                            |
                            Morocco
                            |
                            Tunisia




Others

Iran
                            |
                            Turkey
                            |
                            United Kingdom
                            |
                            United States












Advanced Search















News






Markets






Companies






Research






Funds






Fixed Income






Money Markets






Commodities






FX






Economics






Analysis






More











Sign In
Membership
Customize Your Decypha
Logout
Welcome
Decypha Alerts












Home




People Profiles




People Profile



Ulf M. Schneider Profile














Full Name:

                                                    Ulf M. Schneider
                                                







Country:

        United States










Biography


                                                    DR Ulf M. Schneider is a director at E I du Pont de Nemours and Co since October 22, 2014. He has been Chairman of the Supervisory Board of Management... 











Designations




Date
Designation
Entity
Entity Description
Country




1996


Parexel International Corporation

--

--



2014


E I du Pont de Nemours and Co

Company In Materials

                                                United States




2004


Fresenius Medical Care Corporation

--

--



2004


Fresenius Medical Care AG & Co. KGaA

Health Care Equipment & Services

                                                Germany










Check all the 1,800 individuals in         United States

Check The List






Request a Trial
















Title:*


Select
Mr
Mrs
Ms
Miss
Dr
Prof




First Name:*



Last Name:*



Job Title:*


Select
 Asset Managers
 Corporate Banks
 Investment Managers
 Wealth Managers
 Consultants & Advisors
 Legal Practioners
 Academics
 Hedge Funds
 Private Equity Analysts
 Traders
 Equity Research Analysts




Phone:*



Company:*




Email:*




Country:*


Select

                                                Afganistan
                                        

                                                Albania
                                        

                                                Algeria
                                        

                                                American Samoa
                                        

                                                Andorra
                                        

                                                Angola
                                        

                                                Anguilla
                                        

                                                Antarctica
                                        

                                                Antigua and Barbuda
                                        

                                                Argentina
                                        

                                                Armenia
                                        

                                                Aruba
                                        

                                                Australia
                                        

                                                Austria
                                        

                                                Azerbaijan
                                        

                                                Bahamas
                                        

                                                Bahrain
                                        

                                                Bangladesh
                                        

                                                Barbados
                                        

                                                Belarus
                                        

                                                Belgium
                                        

                                                Belize
                                        

                                                Benin
                                        

                                                Bermuda
                                        

                                                Bhutan
                                        

                                                Bolivia
                                        

                                                Bosnia and Herzegovina
                                        

                                                Botswana
                                        

                                                Bouvet Island
                                        

                                                Brazil
                                        

                                                British Indian Ocean Territory
                                        

                                                Brunei
                                        

                                                Bulgaria
                                        

                                                Burkina Faso
                                        

                                                Burundi
                                        

                                                Cambodia
                                        

                                                Cameroon
                                        

                                                Canada
                                        

                                                Cape Verde
                                        

                                                Cayman Islands
                                        

                                                Central African Republic
                                        

                                                Chad
                                        

                                                Chile
                                        

                                                China
                                        

                                                Christmas Island
                                        

                                                Cocos (Keeling) Islands
                                        

                                                Colombia
                                        

                                                Comoros
                                        

                                                Congo
                                        

                                                Cook Islands
                                        

                                                Costa Rica
                                        

                                                Cote D'Ivoire (Ivory Coast)
                                        

                                                Croatia (Hrvatska)
                                        

                                                Cuba
                                        

                                                Curacao
                                        

                                                Cyprus
                                        

                                                Czech Republic
                                        

                                                Czechoslovakia (former)
                                        

                                                Denmark
                                        

                                                Djibouti
                                        

                                                Dominica
                                        

                                                Dominican Republic
                                        

                                                East Timor
                                        

                                                Ecuador
                                        

                                                Egypt
                                        

                                                El Salvador
                                        

                                                Equatorial Guinea
                                        

                                                Eritrea
                                        

                                                Estonia
                                        

                                                Ethiopia
                                        

                                                Falkland Islands (Malvinas)
                                        

                                                Faroe Islands
                                        

                                                Fiji
                                        

                                                Finland
                                        

                                                France
                                        

                                                France, Metropolitan
                                        

                                                French Guiana
                                        

                                                French Polynesia
                                        

                                                French Southern Territories
                                        

                                                Gabon
                                        

                                                Gambia
                                        

                                                Georgia
                                        

                                                Germany
                                        

                                                Ghana
                                        

                                                Gibraltar
                                        

                                                Greece
                                        

                                                Greenland
                                        

                                                Grenada
                                        

                                                Guadeloupe
                                        

                                                Guam
                                        

                                                Guatemala
                                        

                                                Guernsey
                                        

                                                Guinea
                                        

                                                Guinea-Bissau
                                        

                                                Guyana
                                        

                                                Haiti
                                        

                                                Heard and McDonald Islands
                                        

                                                Honduras
                                        

                                                Hong Kong
                                        

                                                Hungary
                                        

                                                Iceland
                                        

                                                India
                                        

                                                Indonesia
                                        

                                                Iran
                                        

                                                Iraq
                                        

                                                Ireland
                                        

                                                Isle of Man
                                        

                                                Israel
                                        

                                                Italy
                                        

                                                Jamaica
                                        

                                                Japan
                                        

                                                Jersey
                                        

                                                Jordan
                                        

                                                Kazakhstan
                                        

                                                Kenya
                                        

                                                Kiribati
                                        

                                                Kuwait
                                        

                                                Kyrgyzstan
                                        

                                                Laos
                                        

                                                Latvia
                                        

                                                Lebanon
                                        

                                                Lesotho
                                        

                                                Liberia
                                        

                                                Libya
                                        

                                                Liechtenstein
                                        

                                                Lithuania
                                        

                                                Luxembourg
                                        

                                                Macau
                                        

                                                Macedonia
                                        

                                                Madagascar
                                        

                                                Malawi
                                        

                                                Malaysia
                                        

                                                Maldives
                                        

                                                Mali
                                        

                                                Malta
                                        

                                                Marshall Islands
                                        

                                                Martinique
                                        

                                                Mauritania
                                        

                                                Mauritius
                                        

                                                Mayotte
                                        

                                                Mexico
                                        

                                                Micronesia
                                        

                                                Moldova
                                        

                                                Monaco
                                        

                                                Mongolia
                                        

                                                Montenegro
                                        

                                                Montserrat
                                        

                                                Morocco
                                        

                                                Mozambique
                                        

                                                Myanmar
                                        

                                                Namibia
                                        

                                                Nauru
                                        

                                                Nepal
                                        

                                                Netherlands
                                        

                                                Netherlands Antilles
                                        

                                                Neutral Zone
                                        

                                                New Caledonia
                                        

                                                New Zealand (Aotearoa)
                                        

                                                Nicaragua
                                        

                                                Niger
                                        

                                                Nigeria
                                        

                                                Niue
                                        

                                                Norfolk Island
                                        

                                                North Korea
                                        

                                                Northern Mariana Islands
                                        

                                                Norway
                                        

                                                Oman
                                        

                                                Pakistan
                                        

                                                Palau
                                        

                                                Palestine
                                        

                                                Panama
                                        

                                                Papua New Guinea
                                        

                                                Paraguay
                                        

                                                Peru
                                        

                                                Philippines
                                        

                                                Pitcairn
                                        

                                                Poland
                                        

                                                Portugal
                                        

                                                Puerto Rico
                                        

                                                Qatar
                                        

                                                Reunion
                                        

                                                Romania
                                        

                                                Russia
                                        

                                                Rwanda
                                        

                                                S. Georgia and S. Sandwich Isls.
                                        

                                                Saint Kitts and Nevis
                                        

                                                Saint Lucia
                                        

                                                Saint Vincent and the Grenadines
                                        

                                                Samoa
                                        

                                                San Marino
                                        

                                                Sao Tome and Principe
                                        

                                                Saudi Arabia
                                        

                                                Senegal
                                        

                                                Serbia
                                        

                                                Seychelles
                                        

                                                Sierra Leone
                                        

                                                Singapore
                                        

                                                Slovak Republic
                                        

                                                Slovenia
                                        

                                                Solomon Islands
                                        

                                                Somalia
                                        

                                                South Africa
                                        

                                                South Korea
                                        

                                                South Sudan
                                        

                                                Spain
                                        

                                                Sri Lanka
                                        

                                                St. Helena
                                        

                                                St. Pierre and Miquelon
                                        

                                                Sudan
                                        

                                                Suriname
                                        

                                                Svalbard and Jan Mayen Islands
                                        

                                                Swaziland
                                        

                                                Sweden
                                        

                                                Switzerland
                                        

                                                Syria
                                        

                                                Taiwan
                                        

                                                Tajikistan
                                        

                                                Tanzania
                                        

                                                Thailand
                                        

                                                Togo
                                        

                                                Tokelau
                                        

                                                Tonga
                                        

                                                Trinidad and Tobago
                                        

                                                Tunisia
                                        

                                                Turkey
                                        

                                                Turkmenistan
                                        

                                                Turks and Caicos Islands
                                        

                                                Tuvalu
                                        

                                                US Minor Outlying Islands
                                        

                                                USSR (former)
                                        

                                                Uganda
                                        

                                                Ukraine
                                        

                                                United Arab Emirates
                                        

                                                United Kingdom
                                        

                                                United States
                                        

                                                Uruguay
                                        

                                                Uzbekistan
                                        

                                                Vanuatu
                                        

                                                Vatican City State (Holy See)
                                        

                                                Venezuela
                                        

                                                Vietnam
                                        

                                                Virgin Islands (British)
                                        

                                                Virgin Islands (U.S.)
                                        

                                                Wallis and Futuna Islands
                                        

                                                Western Sahara
                                        

                                                Yemen
                                        

                                                Yugoslavia
                                        

                                                Zaire
                                        

                                                Zambia
                                        

                                                Zimbabwe
                                        




Comments:





*Required Fields


 

 Submit








Already Registered?








Login attempt was not successful. Please try again








Username/ Email:



Password:





Enter Characters:















 

 Login





 Forget your password?
























By Job Title


Asset Managers |
                                    Corporate Banks |
                                    Investment Managers |
                                    Wealth Managers |
                                    Consultants & Advisors |
                                    Legal Practitioners |
                                    Academics |
                                    Hedge Funds |
                                    Private Equity Analysts |
                                    Traders |
                                    Equity Research Analysts


By Scope


Equity |
                                    Fixed Income |
                                    Funds |
                                    Excel  |
                                    Analytical Tools  |
                                    Markets  |
                                    Prices  |
                                    Money Market |
                                    News |
                                    Industry |
                                    IPOs |
                                    Mergers & Acquisitions |
                                    Commodities |
                                    Economics



Covered Countries and Exchanges

















Add Your Company | 
                                        Add Yourself | 
                                        Terms and Conditions | 
                                        Privacy Policy | 
                                        About DirectFN









Copyright ©  DirectFN. All Rights Reserved.











Data Not Available









Login











Login attempt was not successful. Please try again


Username/ Email:


Password:



Enter Characters:











 Forget your password?











Back to Top

Support & Feedback


Ask for free trial









Request a Trial
















Title:*


Mr
Mrs
Ms
Miss
Dr
Prof




First Name:*



Last Name:*



Email:*




Phone:*



Promo. Code:



Country:*


Select
Afganistan
Albania
Algeria
American Samoa
Andorra
Angola
Anguilla
Antarctica
Antigua and Barbuda
Argentina
Armenia
Aruba
Australia
Austria
Azerbaijan
Bahamas
Bahrain
Bangladesh
Barbados
Belarus
Belgium
Belize
Benin
Bermuda
Bhutan
Bolivia
Bosnia and Herzegovina
Botswana
Bouvet Island
Brazil
British Indian Ocean Territory
Brunei
Bulgaria
Burkina Faso
Burundi
Cambodia
Cameroon
Canada
Cape Verde
Cayman Islands
Central African Republic
Chad
Chile
China
Christmas Island
Cocos (Keeling) Islands
Colombia
Comoros
Congo
Cook Islands
Costa Rica
Cote D'Ivoire (Ivory Coast)
Croatia (Hrvatska)
Cuba
Curacao
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Czechoslovakia (former)
Denmark
Djibouti
Dominica
Dominican Republic
East Timor
Ecuador
Egypt
El Salvador
Equatorial Guinea
Eritrea
Estonia
Ethiopia
Falkland Islands (Malvinas)
Faroe Islands
Fiji
Finland
France
France, Metropolitan
French Guiana
French Polynesia
French Southern Territories
Gabon
Gambia
Georgia
Germany
Ghana
Gibraltar
Greece
Greenland
Grenada
Guadeloupe
Guam
Guatemala
Guernsey
Guinea
Guinea-Bissau
Guyana
Haiti
Heard and McDonald Islands
Honduras
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Iran
Iraq
Ireland
Isle of Man
Israel
Italy
Jamaica
Japan
Jersey
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kenya
Kiribati
Kuwait
Kyrgyzstan
Laos
Latvia
Lebanon
Lesotho
Liberia
Libya
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Macau
Macedonia
Madagascar
Malawi
Malaysia
Maldives
Mali
Malta
Marshall Islands
Martinique
Mauritania
Mauritius
Mayotte
Mexico
Micronesia
Moldova
Monaco
Mongolia
Montenegro
Montserrat
Morocco
Mozambique
Myanmar
Namibia
Nauru
Nepal
Netherlands
Netherlands Antilles
Neutral Zone
New Caledonia
New Zealand (Aotearoa)
Nicaragua
Niger
Nigeria
Niue
Norfolk Island
North Korea
Northern Mariana Islands
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Palau
Palestine
Panama
Papua New Guinea
Paraguay
Peru
Philippines
Pitcairn
Poland
Portugal
Puerto Rico
Qatar
Reunion
Romania
Russia
Rwanda
S. Georgia and S. Sandwich Isls.
Saint Kitts and Nevis
Saint Lucia
Saint Vincent and the Grenadines
Samoa
San Marino
Sao Tome and Principe
Saudi Arabia
Senegal
Serbia
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
Singapore
Slovak Republic
Slovenia
Solomon Islands
Somalia
South Africa
South Korea
South Sudan
Spain
Sri Lanka
St. Helena
St. Pierre and Miquelon
Sudan
Suriname
Svalbard and Jan Mayen Islands
Swaziland
Sweden
Switzerland
Syria
Taiwan
Tajikistan
Tanzania
Thailand
Togo
Tokelau
Tonga
Trinidad and Tobago
Tunisia
Turkey
Turkmenistan
Turks and Caicos Islands
Tuvalu
US Minor Outlying Islands
USSR (former)
Uganda
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United Kingdom
United States
Uruguay
Uzbekistan
Vanuatu
Vatican City State (Holy See)
Venezuela
Vietnam
Virgin Islands (British)
Virgin Islands (U.S.)
Wallis and Futuna Islands
Western Sahara
Yemen
Yugoslavia
Zaire
Zambia
Zimbabwe




Company:*



Job Title:


Select
 Academics
 Asset Managers
 Consultants & Advisors
 Corporate Banks
 Equity Research Analysts
 Hedge Funds
 Investment Managers
 Legal Practioners
 Private Equity Analysts
 Traders
 Wealth Managers




Comments:




*Required Fields


 

 Submit



















Contact Us












Hello ,Please use the below form for
                            Product support & feedback


Name :  *  


Email:  * 


Phone Number :  * 






Preferred contact method :
Email
Phone











Technical Support 24x7: +94 112 314900 / slhops@directfn.net
Your Account Manager is, , , 






















 Get a Decypha Membership to view this content..................







Get a Decypha Membership


 Get the membership of Decypha Premium Package to access more exciting features including advanced analytical tools and the Pro 10 package. Pro 10 is designed keeping active investors in mind and offers a flexible framework to view information and do analysis the way you desire.

All you need to access these valuable features is to click on the Get a membership button and submit your details to our sales team.















Upgrade your Membership


 Account is not entitled to view this information.

 Please contact your account manager to upgrade your Membership.

Email :  support@decypha.com






 Register to view this content..................







 Decypha Free Registration


Register free with Decypha and get access to real-time price information and many other features including Technical Scanner, Fundamental Screener etc.

Just click the Registration button, submit your details and get registered for free.








 

























Mark Schneider Elected to DuPont Board of Directors | DuPont USA



































We've noticed you're using a version of Internet Explorer that is out
  of date and may not support all the features on our website. For a
  better browsing experience, we suggest upgrading to a newer version
    of Internet Explorer.

Close















                Investors
            



                Careers
            



                Media Center
            




                Product Finder
            



            Logout
        



            USA, English -
            
                Change
            



















close
Ok















Share


Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn

Close







 Contact Us 












Mark Schneider Elected to DuPont Board of Directors

	8.1.14







WILMINGTON, Del., Aug. 1, 2014 – DuPont today announced the election of Ulf M. “Mark” Schneider, President and CEO of Fresenius SE & Co. KGaA to its board of directors, effective Oct. 22.










“Mark leads a significant global healthcare business and brings strong operating and international experience, including valuable perspective in emerging markets,” said DuPont Chair and Chief Executive Officer Ellen Kullman. “He will be a strong asset to DuPont as we continue to advance our strategy and bring the strength of our science to bear on some of the world’s most pressing challenges.”
Mr. Schneider, 48, has served since 2003 as President and CEO for Fresenius SE & Co. KGaA, a diversified global health care group, with $27.0 billion in revenue in 2013. Fresenius operates in approximately 100 countries and specializes in lifesaving medicines and technologies for dialysis, clinical nutrition, infusion and transfusion. Mr. Schneider joined Fresenius in 2001, serving as CFO of Fresenius Medical Care, a Fresenius Group company. Previously, he was Group Finance Director of Gehe UK, a UK-based pharmaceutical distributor and held several senior executive positions with Franz Haniel & Cie, GmbH, a diversified German multinational company, since 1989.
Mr. Schneider graduated from the University of St. Gallen in Switzerland, where he also received a doctoral degree in Economics, and earned his MBA from Harvard Business School.
DuPont (NYSE: DD) has been bringing world-class science and engineering to the global marketplace in the form of innovative products, materials, and services since 1802. The company believes that by collaborating with customers, governments, NGOs, and thought leaders we can help find solutions to such global challenges as providing enough healthy food for people everywhere, decreasing dependence on fossil fuels, and protecting life and the environment. For additional information about DuPont and its commitment to inclusive innovation, please visit http://www.dupont.com.
# # #
8/1/14
Editors’ note: A photograph of Mark Ulf M. “Mark” Schneider is available by clicking here.






Share


Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn

Close






 Contact Us 









Contacts

Dan Turner
302-774-0081







OTHER PRESS RELEASES


 DuPont Completes Spin-off of The Chemours  Company  


 DuPont Announces Agreement to Sell the Hotel du Pont Business to The Buccini/Pollin  Group  


 DuPont Names Krysta Harden as Vice President of Public Policy and Chief Sustainability  Officer  


 DuPont Names AnnaMaria DeSalva as Vice President of Corporate  Communications  


 DuPont Receives CRDF Global Corporate Impact  Award  

































