



SCHREIBER JOHN GROUP INC New York NY, 10019 - Cortera Company Profile
















cortera. business directory



Create
								Account
Login
Developers





Search Cortera for a Business









State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Puerto Rico
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming














Home
Business
							Directory
Business Services
Schreiber John Group Inc
Cortera Support: 866-589-0664







Schreiber John Group Inc



1650 Broadway

New York,
							
							
							 NY
							
							
							 10019-6833
							
							 |  view map


(212) 977-1100

jsgny.com


						Looking for more information? Sign
							up for FREE!







Company Overview

SCHREIBER JOHN GROUP INC is in the Business Services, N.E.C. industry in New York, NY.  This company currently has approximately 50 to 100 employees  and  annual sales of $5,000,000 to $9,999,999.













Company Details

Location Type:
						Single Location
					

Industry:
						Business Services, N.E.C.
					

Ownership: Private
						
					

Year Founded:
						1994
					

Sales Range:
						$5,000,000 to $9,999,999
					

Employees:
						50 to 100


     
    
   
  

						Have fresher information?  Update
















Latest Company News







READ ALL COMPANY NEWS IN THE
									COMPLETE COMPANY CREDIT REPORT







Recent Company Alerts

Credit Risk Increase
No


Overall Payments
No


Peer Payments
No


Public Records
No


Financial News
No












								Alerts on more than 5,000 companies today,
								including:
							

Coats Electric CO Inc


Southern Cleaning Service Inc


University of Alaska Fairbanks


Walbro


Hammer & CO


Mitchell Industrial Contractors Inc


Montgomery Marine Repair


Ideal Construction CO


Barnes & Noble


RAM Enterprises Inc








Community Payment Ratings
















								LATEST COMMUNITY REVIEWS OF THIS COMPANY
								
							

Cortera is much more than an awesome business
									directory! It's an active community where real business people
									share the real deal on real businesses.

It's invaluable intel
										that's now available for FREE.



Get the inside scoop with ratings and reviews on Schreiber John Group Inc
Rate Schreiber John Group Inc on their
										payment behavior
									
Ask your network about Schreiber John Group Inc
										with Cortera Circles
									


Join
										the Cortera Community for free today.
								








The information contained in this company profile is compiled from third party sources, including but not limited to public records, user submissions, and other commercially available data sources. These sources may not be accurate, complete, or up-to-date. 
Cortera makes no representations or warranties regarding, and assumes no responsibility for, the accuracy, completeness, or currency of the information contained herein. 
Cortera products are enabled by SOFIE™, our proprietary technology platform for rapid data processing, robust analytics and flexible data access.











© 2017 Cortera, Inc. All rights reserved.

Sitemap





Cortera Support: 866-589-0664 |
How Does it Work? |
Who
					Do We Help? |
Company Profiles |
Community
				|
Media
				|
About






Today's
					Hot Company Profiles

VOORHEES ARIZONA TASTE INC
VOLATUS MAXIMUS LLC
VOLUME REVERSAL SURVEY
VORA SHAILESH C MD
VOGT JAMES B MD
W & B TRUCKING INC
VOLUNTEERS OF AMERICA INC
VUDEN INC
VOLTAIRE
VOGUE

More
							Today's Hot Companies »



Recently
					Updated Companies

L & L MACHINE TOOL
POWERHOUSE INDUSTRIAL SUPPLY INC
ADVENT I LLC
WESTERN SUN SHUTTLE INC
CROSS COUNTY BANCSHARES INC
AIR CONDITIONING SEC
SPIRES PHILLIP CONSTRUCTION
CONTORNO INC
JL LOPER CONSTRUCTION
GOODY 2 SHOES

More
								Recently Updated Companies »



Recently
					Rated Company Profiles

IDEAL TRUE VALUE INC
SUNSTAR HEATING & AIRE
MD THOMAS CONSTRUCTION LLC
PANALPINA INC
AZURADISC
LAW OFFICES OF SUSAN M SCHAUF
STINGER WELDING INC
SLT EXPRESS WAY INC
GLOBAL MERCHANDISING INC
JR BALL CONTRACTING GROUP INC

More
								Recently Rated Companies »



Industry Directory




Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy





 
  
 

 

  

















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft













Heartfelt Sympathies Store | John Schreiber


























Send Flowers


Plant a Tree


Light a Candle








For questions or help ordering please call
    1-844-249-9510

















Need help with your order?
1-844-249-9510
|
support@heartfeltsympathies.com



Memorial Candle










 There are some errors in your form.













                                            One Month                                        


                                                $10.00                                            
















                                            One Year                                        


                                                $20.00                                            
















                                            Forever                                        


                                                $50.00                                            








Enter Value:



$







 Candle From *
            0/50


                This field is required.
            

                The name or signature to be displayed with your online memorial candle.
            





 Message
            0/500


                The message to be displayed with your memorial candle.
            





Continue to Checkout










Description


Product Details




                    The solitude and quiet peace of a flickering candle has long been a symbol of remembrance.
The Memorial Candle Program has been designed to help offset the costs associated with hosting this Tribute 
Website in perpetuity. Through the lighting of a memorial candle, your thoughtful gesture will be recorded
 and the proceeds will go directly towards helping ensure that the 
family and friends of John Schreiber can continue to memorialize, re-visit, interact with each 
other and enhance this tribute for future generations.

                



Candle will be lit for the limited time of one month


Candle will be lit for the limited time of one year


Candle will be lit indefinitely

Candle message preserved on the memorial site for perpetuity





















© Heartfelt Sympathies 2017
Terms of Use
Shipping
Returns
Privacy Policy


















Schreiber John T Law Office: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback























schreiber john t law office
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: Consumer Discretionary
Industry: Commercial Services
Sub-Industry: Professional Services
Schreiber John T Law Office was founded in 2007. The company's line of business includes providing full service legal advice.




Corporate Information
Address:

2000 Ridgewood Rd
Alamo, CA 94507
United States


Phone:
1-925-831-1882


Fax:
-























From The Web












Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data








































 






Schreiber, John | Government Contractor







 








 






  wbeyyuevfqtazrvxztraetcfawqrwffdf






					Government Contracts				

					Federal Agencies				



				More 





 Search






							Government Contractors							×














 
















Menu


See All Government Contractors
OverviewContractsCategoriesProducts/ServicesPlace of Performance 








					Schreiber, John				


OverviewContractsCategoriesProducts/ServicesPlace of Performance 








Schreiber, John



Overview




Contracts




Categories




Products/Services




Place of Performance




References










 See all Government Contractors				

 Research Guide				




Share
















Schreiber, John Government Contractor in Shelton, WA

 






dollars obligated (Latest year)$26,100 United States dollarslatest fiscal year2007total dollars obligated (Since FY2007)$26,100 United States dollarsnumber of contracts (Since FY2007)1 

 

See all Contracts for this Company See all Government Contractors 












Advertisement


ShareOverviewSummarySchreiber, John has worked on one contract worth $26,100 USD in obligations from the federal government since FY2007.The sole agency it has contracted with is the Department of Defense.

Principal Agencies
Department of Defense


Principal Category (NAICS)
Offices of Dentists (621210)


Principal Product or Service (PSC)
Dentistry Services (Q503)


Designations
Small Business
Location
How does Schreiber, John compare to other vendors?A comparison of the amount of contract awards obligated to Schreiber, John since FY2007 with other vendors in its location.Awarded close to average compared to  54 vendors in Zip Code 98584, WA.Awarded 36% lower than average compared to  1,166 vendors in Washington's 6th congressional district.Awarded close to average compared to  13,313 vendors in Washington.Awarded 29% lower than average compared to all  494,386 federal vendors.


Comparison

Vendor NameTotal Dollars Obligated (Since FY2007)ZipcodeIDIDColorSchreiber, John$26,100 USDZip Code 98584, WAZip Code 98584, WA Federal Contractors$19,467.50 USDWashington's 6th congressional district Federal Contractors$40,961 USDWashington Federal Contractors$34,802 USDAll Federal Contractors$36,884 USD




ZipCongressional DistrictStateMoreZip



See all vendors from Zip Code 98584, WA ›Congressional District



See all vendors from Washington's 6th congressional district ›State



See all vendors from Washington ›
 





Advertisement


ShareContractsRelated VendorsVendors with the same primary NAICS and PSC categorizations.

Title FieldTotal Dollars Obligated (Since FY2007)IDVendor NameCentralcare, Incorporated in Alexandria, VA Contracts$252 million USDAmg Healthcare Services, Inc. in Miami, FL Contracts$43.7 million USDSmallwood Prison Dental Services, Inc in Ashburn, VA Contracts$36.4 million USDCni Ancillary Services, Llc in Norman, OK Contracts$88.5 million USDDentrust Dental International, Inc. in Pipersville, PA Contracts$24.3 million USDTeam Placement Service Inc in Alexandria, VA Contracts$17.9 million USDAcc Health Llc in Albuquerque, NM Contracts$70.5 million USDDistinctive Spectrum Healthcare Joint Venture, Llc in Largo, MD Contracts$7.09 million USDMedtemps, Inc. in Newport News, VA Contracts$100 million USDOn-Site Dental Care, Inc. in San Carlos, CA Contracts$83 million USD

Help us Improve!




Submit






Submit

 





Advertisement


ShareCategories ProcuredWhen the Federal government intends to acquire goods or services, it identifies the NAICS code that describes the principal purpose of that procurement. NAICS is production oriented (not product oriented) and categorizes businesses with others that have similar methods of production.Since FY2007, Schreiber, John has been engaged in procurements with the following NAICS codes:





Category (NAICS)Total Dollars ObligatedIDOffices of Dentists (621210)26,100

Comparison



Vendor NameDollars Obligated (Latest Year)IDIDColorSchreiber, John$26,100 USDAll Offices of Dentists (621210) Vendors in Washington$22,446 USDAll Offices of Dentists (621210) Vendors$6,664 USD




Higher Than AverageThe principal NAICS category of Schreiber, John is Offices of Dentists (621210) as measured by the total amount obligated in contract awards to the vendor since FY2007.In its latest full year of contract work (FY2007), Schreiber, John was obligated a total of $26,100, an amount that was 16% more than the average vendor from Washington specializing in Offices of Dentists and 292% more than all vendors in the U.S. classified by this NAICS category.
Other Offices of Dentists Vendors in Washington

Vendor NameLocationDollars Obligated (Latest Year)Principal Category (NAICS)Principal Product or Service (PSC)Latest Fiscal YearIDStateKim SoojinSeattle, WA$214,356 USDOffices of Dentists (621210)Dentistry Services (Q503)2016James CannavaSeattle, WA$170,000 USDOffices of Dentists (621210)Dentistry Services (Q503)2016Paul D Phillips DdsOmak, WA$146,310 USDOffices of Dentists (621210)Dentistry Services (Q503)2016Unicon Inc.Silverdale, WA$116,928 USDOffices of Dentists (621210)Dentistry Services (Q503)2007Kathy HamlettPort Orchard, WA$93,960 USDOffices of Dentists (621210)Medical Services (Q999)2011Spavinaw DentalSunnyside, WA$90,000 USDOffices of Dentists (621210)Dentistry Services (Q503)2013Castner, Teresa DdsSeattle, WA$42,930 USDOffices of Dentists (621210)Dentistry Services (Q503)2008Diane Erica ThomasEverett, WA$39,672 USDOffices of Dentists (621210)Dentistry Services (Q503)2014Audrey K LetouzelRochester, WA$30,653 USDOffices of Dentists (621210)Dentistry Services (Q503)2009Jessica WiltseSeattle, WA$28,112 USDOffices of Dentists (621210)Dentistry Services (Q503)2015Schreiber, JohnShelton, WA$26,100 USDOffices of Dentists (621210)Dentistry Services (Q503)2007William D McCrackenSpangle, WA$25,920 USDOffices of Dentists (621210)Dentistry Services (Q503)2010Almario, Leah Fatima POak Harbor, WA$24,096 USDOffices of Dentists (621210)Dentistry Services (Q503)2015Deleon Rena MarieOlympia, WA$22,446 USDOffices of Dentists (621210)Dentistry Services (Q503)2010Choy Dds Msd, EugeneLakewood, WA$15,377 USDOffices of Dentists (621210)Dentistry Services (Q503)2008Sohrab Moshiri D.D.S.Bellevue, WA$4,005 USDOffices of Dentists (621210)Dentistry Services (Q503)2012Thomas Joachim Laney Dds Md PsMoses Lake, WA$3,425 USDOffices of Dentists (621210)Dentistry Services (Q503)2015Maria E FoxColville, WA-$700 USDOffices of Dentists (621210)Dentistry Services (Q503)2007Maria E. Fox, D.M.D., PllcColville, WA-$1,959 USDOffices of Dentists (621210)Dentistry Services (Q503)2015Mimi BradleyLakewood, WA-$2,524 USDOffices of Dentists (621210)Dentistry Services (Q503)2012Suzanne HugginsOak Harbor, WA-$4,026 USDOffices of Dentists (621210)Medical Services (Q999)2008Chappell, LaciShelton, WA-$6,400 USDOffices of Dentists (621210)Dentistry Services (Q503)2013Ericka WhitfieldMoses Lake, WA-$7,708 USDOffices of Dentists (621210)Dentistry Services (Q503)2010Anderson BrandyBurley, WA-$10,960 USDOffices of Dentists (621210)Dentistry Services (Q503)2008Jennifer BissenSpanaway, WA-$13,776 USDOffices of Dentists (621210)Dentistry Services (Q503)2013

See all Offices of Dentists (621210) Vendors in Washington › 

 


InsideGov is a government research site that uses Graphiq’s semantic technology to deliver deep insights via data-driven articles, visualizations and research tools.


										Deep insights from government data. Knowledge delivered. ›
									









ShareProducts/Services ProcuredComparison



Vendor NameDollars Obligated (Latest Year)IDIDColorSchreiber, John$26,100 USDAll Dentistry Services (Q503) Vendors in Washington$23,838 USDAll Dentistry Services (Q503) Vendors$10,000 USD




Higher Than AverageThe principal Product or Service Code (PSC) of Schreiber, John is Dentistry Services (Q503) as measured by the total amount obligated in contract awards to the vendor since FY2007.In its latest full year of contract work (FY2007), Schreiber, John was obligated a total of $26,100, an amount that was 9.5% more than the average vendor from Washington specializing in Dentistry Services and 161% more than all vendors in the U.S. classified by this PSC.
Other Dentistry Services Vendors in Washington

Vendor NameLocationDollars Obligated (Latest Year)Principal Category (NAICS)Principal Product or Service (PSC)Latest Fiscal YearIDStateKim SoojinSeattle, WA$214,356 USDOffices of Dentists (621210)Dentistry Services (Q503)2016James CannavaSeattle, WA$170,000 USDOffices of Dentists (621210)Dentistry Services (Q503)2016Paul D Phillips DdsOmak, WA$146,310 USDOffices of Dentists (621210)Dentistry Services (Q503)2016Unicon Inc.Silverdale, WA$116,928 USDOffices of Dentists (621210)Dentistry Services (Q503)2007Spavinaw DentalSunnyside, WA$90,000 USDOffices of Dentists (621210)Dentistry Services (Q503)2013Castner, Teresa DdsSeattle, WA$42,930 USDOffices of Dentists (621210)Dentistry Services (Q503)2008Diane Erica ThomasEverett, WA$39,672 USDOffices of Dentists (621210)Dentistry Services (Q503)2014Jovy V FrianezaOak Harbor, WA$37,584 USDAll Other Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services (541990)Dentistry Services (Q503)2016Byrd Cardona, CrystalPort Orchard, WA$35,496 USDAll Other Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services (541990)Dentistry Services (Q503)2015Suchan, VictoriaEverett, WA$33,280 USDOffices of All Other Miscellaneous Health Practitioners (621399)Dentistry Services (Q503)2016Audrey K LetouzelRochester, WA$30,653 USDOffices of Dentists (621210)Dentistry Services (Q503)2009Jessica WiltseSeattle, WA$28,112 USDOffices of Dentists (621210)Dentistry Services (Q503)2015Schreiber, JohnShelton, WA$26,100 USDOffices of Dentists (621210)Dentistry Services (Q503)2007William D McCrackenSpangle, WA$25,920 USDOffices of Dentists (621210)Dentistry Services (Q503)2010Almario, Leah Fatima POak Harbor, WA$24,096 USDOffices of Dentists (621210)Dentistry Services (Q503)2015Reynolds, CintiaBremerton, WA$23,580 USDOffices of All Other Miscellaneous Health Practitioners (621399)Dentistry Services (Q503)2012Deleon Rena MariewbeyyuevfqtazrvxztraetcfawqrwffdfOlympia, WA$22,446 USDOffices of Dentists (621210)Dentistry Services (Q503)2010Choy Dds Msd, EugeneLakewood, WA$15,377 USDOffices of Dentists (621210)Dentistry Services (Q503)2008Sohrab Moshiri D.D.S.Bellevue, WA$4,005 USDOffices of Dentists (621210)Dentistry Services (Q503)2012Thomas Joachim Laney Dds Md PsMoses Lake, WA$3,425 USDOffices of Dentists (621210)Dentistry Services (Q503)2015Maria E FoxColville, WA-$700 USDOffices of Dentists (621210)Dentistry Services (Q503)2007Maria E. Fox, D.M.D., PllcColville, WA-$1,959 USDOffices of Dentists (621210)Dentistry Services (Q503)2015Mimi BradleyLakewood, WA-$2,524 USDOffices of Dentists (621210)Dentistry Services (Q503)2012Chappell, LaciShelton, WA-$6,400 USDOffices of Dentists (621210)Dentistry Services (Q503)2013Gehring, MeghanDavenport, WA-$7,392 USDOffices of All Other Miscellaneous Health Practitioners (621399)Dentistry Services (Q503)2012

See all Dentistry Services (Q503) Vendors in Washington › 





Advertisement


SharePlace of Performance
The locations of the principal plant or place of business where Schreiber, John in Shelton, WA has had their items produced, supplied from stock, or services performed since FY2007.


ZipCongressional DistrictStateMoreZip



Congressional District



State






ZipcodesZip Code 98584, WA and Zip Code 98430, WACongressional DistrictsWashington's 9th congressional district and Washington's 6th congressional districtStateWashington
 

 










×






References




Sources: USASpending.gov and Rob J Hyndman. Show details  Hide details  









Advertisement






Was this page helpful?

Yes
No


 

BlkHol Email


Welcome to 
Hi! We see you would like to submit a rating. Please login or create an account to do so. Thank you!


Sign In With




Login with Google




Login with Facebook
 We'll never post without your permission.



Don't have an account?
Sign Up Now




Privacy
Terms & Conditions









						© 2017 Graphiq Inc. All Rights Reserved.
						
Support
Terms
Privacy
Ad Choices and Cookie Policy










 
 




 



Schreiber, John                                                                                                          - Hartland                                          , WI         - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



WI



Hartland



Security Brokers and Dealers



Security Brokers And Dealers



                            Schreiber, John
                                    



 





















S 


Schreiber, John                                                                                                         
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



625 WALNUT RIDGE DR # 104 HARTLAND, WI 53029
Get Directions



(262) 367-6816
 





Business Info



 Founded 2002
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $320,000.00
 Employee Count 6
 Industries Security Brokers And Dealers
 Contacts John Schreiber                                                                                                          







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Schreiber, John                                                                                                          was founded in 2002, and is located at 625 Walnut Ridge Dr # 104 in Hartland. Additional information is available at                                                                                                          or by contacting John Schreiber                                                                                                           at (262) 367-6816. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







S

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.























About Us | InfoArmor











 



































Skip to content



  







Already Enrolled?  Login

PrivacyArmor
VigilanteATI


Contact Us
 



  
Employee Protection Solutions
Advanced Threat Intelligence
Identity Insights
About Us
 






Home  »  About Us










  










We Take the Protection of Information Seriously
For nearly a decade, InfoArmor® has delivered identity, financial and privacy protection and award-winning threat intelligence and investigative services to help businesses fight evolving online threats. We combine an unparalleled global research network with big data analysis, actionable intelligence and the very best in personalized services to meet our clients’ dynamic security needs. From employee to enterprise, InfoArmor is redefining how organizations fight fraud and combat an evolving threat landscape to mitigate risk on multiple levels.






With InfoArmor, Your Enterprise is Secure
InfoArmor exceeds best practices for handling and storing personally identifying information. InfoArmor encrypts all information (AES 256 and TLS), whether in transmission or at rest, leveraging layers of security policies and heavy auditing controls. Our employees are thoroughly background checked and trained to ensure the utmost in security.
When your data is protected within the InfoArmor data center, you know that it’s secure. We take the following precautions in securing our networks and systems:








SSAE 16 and DISA STIG compliant data centers
SOC 2 audited and HIPAA certified data centers
24x7x365 armed security guards
Multi-factor authentication systems




Biometric iris and vascular security scanners
Surveillance and alarm systems
Network intrusion monitoring and detection systems












Team BiosBoard of Directors











John Schreiber
CEO
John has a Bachelor’s of Mechanical Engineering from the University of Washington, an MBA with distinction from Harvard Business School, and has earned the right to use the Chartered Financial Analyst designation. After 15 years as an equity analyst and portfolio manager, John led Granite Point Capital’s early stage investment in InfoArmor in 2008, joined the board that Spring and became CFO in October of that year. As CFO, John raised money through the depths of the financial crisis that allowed InfoArmor to “rebuild the airplane while flying.” Upon being named President in 2009, John helped build InfoArmor’s Sales team, brokerage relationships and early client base. In 2013, John architected the first of two acquisitions that became the kernel of InfoArmor’s Advanced Threat Intelligence business unit. John was named CEO of InfoArmor in January of 2017.

















Drew Smith
Founder and Executive Chairman
Drew is an entrepreneurial, results-motivated professional with extensive marketing, operations and strategic planning experience. Before founding InfoArmor in 2007, he worked in finance, marketing and operations across several industries, including quick-service restaurants (Taco Bell), telecomm (US West) and real estate (Trilogy Active Lifestyle Communities). He has a passion for building brands, championing teams, and solving business problems. Drew has a degree in Economics from Stanford University and an MBA from Harvard Business School.

















Andrew Komarov
Chief Intelligence Officer
Andrew has practical experience in both the private and public sectors investigating major financial crimes, drug crimes and human rights violations, and has collaborated with international law enforcement agencies on anti-terrorism operations. In 2014, Andrew was recognized by SC Magazine as one of 25 top threat-intelligence researchers ("Reboot 25: Threat seekers").















Christian Lees
CTO and CSO
As a seasoned Enterprise technologist and security expert, Christian pioneers InfoArmor’s technology and information security systems as CTO and CSO. Throughout his career, he has played an active role in intrusion detection, Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) mitigation and vulnerability assessment and management. He is adept with the information security forensics process, having acted as a professional witness for various law enforcement agencies. Christian is an avid surfer, and he’s known for skateboarding around the office handing out cookies.

















Sean Hammond 
CFO
Sean is responsible for InfoArmor’s financial operations, accounting, investor relations, and Human Resources. From 2000-2017, Sean has held senior financial leadership roles within several publicly traded media, healthcare, and technology companies including Insys Therapeutics, Medicis Pharmaceutical, XM Radio and Pegasus Satellite Television, an independent distributor of DirecTV. Prior to 2000, he was a senior financial auditor with Deloitte. Sean is a graduate of Rutgers University and is an active board member of New Way Academy, Arizona’s premier independent day school catering to children with learning differences.
















Drew St. Germain
Chief Quality Officer
Since coming to InfoArmor in 2007, Drew, affectionately known as DsG, has held positions in operations, development and sales engineering. Drew was named Chief Quality Officer in March of 2017. As a Six Sigma Black Belt with extensive experience in Lean process improvement, he draws on his diverse understanding of InfoArmor’s infrastructure and integration points to drive down defects, optimize service delivery and reduce operational expenses. DsG is an Arizona State University alumni who lives life by the mantra “find a way to win”. His University of Arizona colleagues like to remind him that’s a textbook oxymoron. If ever you find yourself dancing in the desert, don’t be surprised to find DsG whipping through on his dirt bike.

















Emily Snell
Senior VP of Employee Protection Solutions
As the third employee at InfoArmor and a pioneer in the Identity Protection Benefits industry, Emily has a deep understanding of identity protection as an employee benefit, and demonstrable knowledge in translating EPS solutions to increased employee productivity. She oversees InfoArmor’s EPS business unit with direct leadership of the Sales, Marketing, Operations and Technology divisions. When not helping businesses utilize employee identity protection to mitigate the growing risk of fraud, Emily can be found enjoying Double-Bubble gum with her husband and twin boys.

















Mike Kirschner
Senior VP of Sales and Marketing, Advanced Threat Intelligence
Mike leverages his professional history of building and training international sales teams as InfoArmor’s SVP of Sales & Marketing for the ATI business unit. His team focuses on delivering enterprise-level cyber-threat intelligence products and services to global enterprises of any size and from any industry. He is an avid sports fan and coach, and he rowed on the University of Washington crew team while obtaining his degree in chemical engineering. He’s a wine lover who loves a good karaoke night, he’s devoted to his family, and he actively serves within his church and his community.

















Anila Arthanari
VP of Software Development
Anila Arthanari is a results-driven technology leader with over 15 years of experience at both early-stage and enterprise level organizations. She has a proven track record of building high-performance teams at hyper growth companies. At InfoArmor, Anila leads software development, architecture and delivery. She is passionate about lean startup development, continuous deployment and creating a culture where performance matters. She is also an artist, an entrepreneur, a tinkerer, a rain-maker and a dragon-slayer and spends all her free time with her dogs and her family.
















Ammon Curtis
VP of Product
Ammon is a product leader with a track record of creating business growth through entrepreneurial leadership and developing high performing teams. He has deep experience in SaaS, service and platform companies and been recognized with awards from MAC6, ASU SkySong, Phoenix Business Journal, Conscious Capitalism and Edson Ventures. At InfoArmor, Ammon leads product vision, strategy and execution. He is passionate about uncovering customer problems and building easy-to-use solutions. Ammon earned his undergraduate degree in business marketing and obtained his MBA with an emphasis in international business from Arizona State University. He is an insatiable learner, platform junky, business enthusiast and proud dad of four kids with a sassy wife.

















Erin Bailey
VP of Marketing, Employee Protection Solutions
Erin’s marketing vision and approach to strategy with her team enables InfoArmor’s Employee Protection Solutions business unit to maintain its market-leading position while maximizing market penetration and growth potential for all product offerings. She is responsible for linking the innovations of the company’s product team to the customer-focused operations of the business units to build the InfoArmor brand, create consumer awareness and drive customer preference for the brand through all channels. She has a marketing degree from Arizona State University and has spent her career developing, driving and evolving marketing communications to support corporate direction and client objectives. Erin thrives on challenges, particularly those that expand the company’s reach. She is as passionate about leadership development as she is about global travel and volunteer work. Erin has lived abroad in Asia and Europe and regularly volunteers with her local animal shelter. 

















Meghann Carroll
VP of Sales, Employee Protection Solutions
Leveraging her prior experience in financial services, first in human resources and then in equity sales and trading, Meghann understands the responsibility of providing world-class solutions with high ROI to HR and C-Suite leaders. Since joining InfoArmor in 2009, she has worked closely with distribution partners to integrate identity theft protection programs into hundreds of client portfolios, providing InfoArmor’s best-in-class benefits to millions of employees across the nation. Although a New York and New Jersey girl at heart, Meghann resides on Boston’s North Shore with her husband and two children. She ran track and field at Dartmouth College, and to this day, still can’t leave for a business trip without a good pair of sneakers.

















Dustin Hofstein
VP of Operations, Employee Protection Solutions
After close to a decade in the financial industries sector, Dustin came to InfoArmor in 2013 to harness his passion for the customer experience. As VP of Operations, he built out the Customer Care and Service Delivery teams, and he provides direct leadership over the Implementation, Client Advisor and Privacy Advocate teams. One of Dustin’s greatest enjoyments is seeing how all three of the product teams interact to deliver on InfoArmor’s commitment to being the industry leader in identity and privacy protection. Dustin lives in Chandler, Arizona with his wife and son. He’s an avid sports fan, foodie and lover of all things Bruce Springsteen.

















Byron Rashed
VP of Global Marketing, Advanced Threat Intelligence
Byron has over twenty years of IT security experience and has held senior management and director-level positions to champion global marketing, public relations and product management initiatives with industry-leading IT security corporations. As Vice President of Global Marketing at InfoArmor, Byron manages global marketing and public relations strategies to develop brand awareness and product positioning for the ATI business unit. He holds a Bachelor of Science in Industrial Engineering from New York University – Polytechnic and is pursuing a graduate certificate in marketing and communications from the University of California, Irvine. He holds memberships with the Public Relations Society of America, American Marketing Association and Institute of Industrial Engineers.

















Tracy Malmstone
Director of Accounting and Administration
Since joining InfoArmor in 2013, Tracy has leveraged her fifteen years’ experience in professional services to oversee Human Resources, Employee Benefits, Accounting and Payroll. Her detail-oriented mindset and ability to manage multiple projects on a tight deadline helps Tracy successfully navigate the challenges of her multi-faceted role. Tracy has a degree in Accounting and HRM. Prior to coming to work for InfoArmor, she was the Controller at In Celebration of Golf Management, and has held multiple roles in Accounting and Human Resources at Hyatt Regency Scottsdale. Tracy was granted InfoArmor’s Most Valuable Teammate Award for two consecutive years. Tracy is an Arizona native who enjoys boating, golfing and swimming with her family.

















Danielle Engelking 
Director of Operations, Implementation and Service Delivery
Danielle (aka Dani) leads the Implementation team which she has helped architect from the ground up. Her team’s sole focus is to provide a seamless and successful experience for InfoArmor clients and ultimately, their employees. Dani brings with her nearly 20 years of experience in various positions in the banking and financial Industries. She has held positions in sales, operations and customer care. Since joining InfoArmor in 2015 her attention to detail and strong communication skills have led to over 300 successful implementations. Dani is a native to Arizona, a wife and a mother of two boys and is best known for her fashion sense, as some say, she has the Midas touch.
















Doug Kaplan
Director of Customer Care, Employee Protection Solutions
Before joining InfoArmor, Doug spent eighteen years in the Financial Services industry, with twelve years devoted to identity theft protection services. Doug’s hands-on knowledge and skills in the industry has equipped him to create and execute multiple strategic initiatives at InfoArmor. He is extremely passionate about leadership development and mentoring, delivering outstanding customer experience, and scaling businesses through the use of efficient systems, processes, training, and corporate culture. Doug enjoys a great deal of activities ranging from outdoor sports to reading to watching movies with his wife and their two “kids” – a pair of Rhodesian Ridgebacks.

















Brianna Tomkinson
Director of Operations, Account Management
Brianna and her team of Account Managers care for their growing book of business within the Employee Protection Solutions business unit. They provide exceptional customer service with a focus on how they can work with InfoArmor’s partners to continue to grow participation and provide value to the participants. She has a background in employee benefit programs and customer service management, most recently transitioning from the education industry. Brianna is driven by helping people and the identity protection industry has proven to be a perfect fit. She earned a bachelor’s degree in marketing from Arizona State University and master’s degree in leadership from Grand Canyon University. She spends her spare time with her husband and two boys.
















Vita Duncan
Human Resources Manager
Vita came to InfoArmor in 2016 with over ten years of Human Resource experience and is committed to making a difference in employees lives. She is responsible for creating innovative ways to engage all employees, maintaining the culture and establishing systems and training that will develop leaders and empower employees to embody the InfoArmor core values. Vita is also responsible for the creation of integrated talent acquisition plans in partnership with internal stakeholders within the business units. Relocating from the Chicagoland area, Vita is passionate about hiring and retaining top talent. When she is not working, Vita enjoys spending time with her husband and two dogs.
















John Schreiber
CEO
John has a Bachelor’s of Mechanical Engineering from the University of Washington, an MBA with distinction from Harvard Business School, and has earned the right to use the Chartered Financial Analyst designation. After 15 years as an equity analyst and portfolio manager, John led Granite Point Capital’s early stage investment in InfoArmor in 2008, joined the board that Spring and became CFO in October of that year. As CFO, John raised money through the depths of the financial crisis that allowed InfoArmor to “rebuild the airplane while flying.” Upon being named President in 2009, John helped build InfoArmor’s Sales team, brokerage relationships and early client base. In 2013, John architected the first of two acquisitions that became the kernel of InfoArmor’s Advanced Threat Intelligence business unit. John was named CEO of InfoArmor in January of 2017.

















Drew Smith
Founder and Executive Chairman
Drew is an entrepreneurial, results-motivated professional with extensive marketing, operations and strategic planning experience. Before founding InfoArmor in 2007, he worked in finance, marketing and operations across several industries, including quick-service restaurants (Taco Bell), telecomm (US West) and real estate (Trilogy Active Lifestyle Communities). He has a passion for building brands, championing teams, and solving business problems. Drew has a degree in Economics from Stanford University and an MBA from Harvard Business School.

















Andy Collins
Managing Director
Andy joined Summit Partners in 2008 and leads many of the firm’s enterprise IT investments. Andy’s investment and board experience includes Arista Networks (NYSE: ANET), Reverb.com, Uber Technologies, Ubiquiti Networks (NASDAQ: UBNT), Striim and Wildfire Interactive (acquired by Google). Andy is particularly active in the security sector as an investor at JAMF Software, NetWitness (acquired by EMC) and RiskIQ. Andy grew up in Chicago, Illinois and graduated from Miami University in Ohio.
















Patrick Culhane
Owner and Principal, The Culhane Company LLC
Leveraging his experience using vast quantities of credit and spending data to predict consumer behavior, Mr. Culhane currently provides analytics services to clients in financial services markets.  He also is a Court Qualified expert in litigation involving credit scoring and credit reporting matters. Mr. Culhane was formerly EVP of Financial Services Markets for FICO, having developed and marketed the industry standard FICO score from its inception. More recently, he served on the Board of Directors of InfoCentricity, which was purchased by FICO in 2014. He holds an M.S. In Statistics from Stanford University. 















Brian Turner
Retired CFO of Coinstar 
Mr. Turner is the retired CFO of Coinstar. He is the former CFO of RealNetworks and Radisys, President of Bsquare, and Director of Corporate Finance at PWC. He holds a BS and a BBA from the University of Washington. 






 Back to Bios 




Team Bios



John Schreiber
CEO



Drew Smith
Founder and Executive Chairman



Andrew Komarov
Chief Intelligence Officer



Christian Lees
CTO and CSO



Sean Hammond 
CFO



Drew St. Germain
Chief Quality Officer



Emily Snell
Senior VP of Employee Protection Solutions



Mike Kirschner
Senior VP of Sales and Marketing, Advanced Threat Intelligence



Anila Arthanari
VP of Software Development



Ammon Curtis
VP of Product



Erin Bailey
VP of Marketing, Employee Protection Solutions



Meghann Carroll
VP of Sales, Employee Protection Solutions



Dustin Hofstein
VP of Operations, Employee Protection Solutions



Byron Rashed
VP of Global Marketing, Advanced Threat Intelligence



Tracy Malmstone
Director of Accounting and Administration



Danielle Engelking 
Director of Operations, Implementation and Service Delivery



Doug Kaplan
Director of Customer Care, Employee Protection Solutions



Brianna Tomkinson
Director of Operations, Account Management



Vita Duncan
Human Resources Manager



Board of Directors



John Schreiber
CEO




Drew Smith
Founder and Executive Chairman




Andy Collins
Managing Director




Patrick Culhane
Owner and Principal, The Culhane Company LLC




Brian Turner
Retired CFO of Coinstar 












Career Opportunities
Do you stay current on the latest security issues, threats and mitigation strategies? Would you like to help provide hundreds of businesses and millions of people gain access to the best in information security and fraud prevention?
InfoArmor provides industry-leading solutions for employee identity protection and advanced threat intelligence. From enterprise to employee, InfoArmor is defining how organizations combat an ever-changing cyber threat landscape. Located in Scottsdale, Arizona, we are passionate about our culture and we offer team members rewarding opportunities in a fast-growing, dynamic environment.
InfoArmor is an Equal Opportunity Employer.








React Developer





Timing:
Full-time
Location: Scottsdale, AZ
Description

At InfoArmor, our priority is to maintain the security of our participants.  We are in need of a React Developer to aid in product enhancements, new implementations, and automating daily tasks.
Primary Responsibilities

Deliver innovative and responsive experiences for the InfoArmor subscribers, clients and benefits administrators.

Skills and Experience 

Required Skills

3+ years experience with React development
2+ years experience with Ajax calls and interfacing with APIs
Indepth understanding of user authentication flows and session management
Ability to setup dev, production configuration for React
Strong GIT version control skills
Strong Linux, Bash, Automation skills
Familiarity with Test Driven Development practices
Strong written and verbal communication skills
Experience working with and refactoring existing code
Solid understanding of application vulnerabilities and security
Experience working in a team utilizing an agile approach


Additional Skills +

Familiarity with Php to understand current code and help with migrating functionality
Experience in Dev-Ops
Experience in a Gitflow environment



InfoArmor is an Equal Opportunity Employer

Apply Now




QA and Technical Support Engineer





Timing:
Full-time
Location: Scottsdale, AZ
Description

At InfoArmor our purpose is simple: To maintain the security of our participants.  We are looking for a results-oriented QA engineer who demonstrates excellent problem solving communication skills and loves identifying and tracing complex issues. This candidate must be a self-starter, a strong team player with at least 3+ years in increasingly challenging assignments.
The candidate would be a:

Self-starter with tremendous initiative and work ethic
Excellent communicator and collaborator with other functional teams
Desire to be a high-impact player at a product-driven company
Ability to embrace change and someone who is a fast learner
A self-starter, with creative and critical thinking abilities
Ability to be detail oriented within a high paced environment
Strong interpersonal and communication skills

Primary Responsibilities

Safeguard and maintain the quality of InfoArmor product and business applications
Create test plans and test cases
Lead bug triage and root cause analysis
Generate well documented bug reports using Confluence and Jira
Communicate effectively with developers regarding your findings
Plan and perform functional, load, and performance testing
Provide valuable inputs when reviewing requirement documents and technical specifications
Implement best practices for testing automations
Creatively think outside the box to identify potential problems, and increase coverage for testing framework

Skills and Experience

3+ years of commercial or enterprise application testing experience including: test execution, testing analysis and test case design, etc.
BS degree in computer science or related field, Master’s degree a plus.
A proven track record of testing distributed applications.
Prior experience testing for web-based or SaaS applications.
Familiar with the agile process, working with a Scrum Master, quality estimate, QA testing process and tools.
Proficiency with SQL, and basic proficiency in at least one scripting language (ie Php or Perl).
Experience setting up Linux based environments and utilizing automated testing tools and open source tools (ie Selenium, Test NG, Apache, etc.)
Ensure compatibility with new testing automation for different products.
Ability to review source code change and create test strategy accordingly.
Experience with performance testing and pressure testing.

InfoArmor is an Equal Opportunity Employer

Apply Now




Technical Devlopment Manager





Timing:
Full-time
Location: Scottsdale, AZ
Description

At InfoArmor our purpose is simple: To maintain the security of our participants. We are looking for a results-oriented Technical Development Manager for Engineering who demonstrates excellent problem solving and communication skills. This candidate must be a self-starter, a strong team player with at least 10+ years in increasingly challenging assignments, and be capable of filling the role of technical lead/architect. Background should include design and development experience in high-volume, highly scalable, and high-availability environments. The technical Development Manager will also play the role of a Scrum Master for the team.
Primary Responsibilities

Work with a small team of engineers, to ensure product delivery and best engineering practices
Regularly assess the team's maturity, health, and composition, relentlessly striving for cohesion and delivery excellence
Manage, plan, and track production and development schedules and workflows, while raising risks, managing trade-offs, and eliminating blockers.
Continuously assess a team's current situation and adapt planning tools, Agile methodologies, and communication channels to ensure successful, sustainable delivery.
Create transparency and predictability via roadmaps, cycle times, value stream maps, and release reports
Customize and adapt to engineering best practices tools and applications like JIRA, Confluence, Eclipse etc.
Help support team in resolving the customer issues related to the product
Develop quantitative benchmarks to assess performance of team and individual contribution
Lead the creation of technical design documents and lead the communication of the architectural vision across functional areas.
Review code, lead refactoring activities, provide guidance from technical perspective for all SE members of a project
Define and maintain coding standards, and guide team members to comply with them
Train and mentor new team members

Skills and Experience

BS, MS or Ph.D. in Computer Science or Engineering
8 years of experience as a developer
5+ years of experience as a development manager
Strong analytical, problem solving skills, excellent verbal and written communication skills
Self-starter with excellent interpersonal, motivational, and facilitation skills
Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science or other technical field; equivalent experience will be considered

Professional traits necessary for InfoArmor leaders

Exhibits excellent judgment
Hires and develops great people
Holds relentlessly high standards (is never satisfied with the status quo)
Demonstrates the ability to dive deep and is never out of touch with the details of the business
Expects and requires innovation of her/his team
Shows passion and convictions and the innate ability to inspire passion in others
Biases towards delivering results
Thinks big

InfoArmor is an Equal Opportunity Employer

Apply Now




Java Developer





Timing:
Full-time
Location: Scottsdale, AZ
Description

At InfoArmor, our priority is to maintain the security of our participants.  We are in need of  Java Developers to design and engineer the next generation of solutions for our customers.
Primary Responsibilities 

Develop solutions to scale our data ingestion platform
Build analytics solutions and infrastructure to support new insights in product and derive detailed analysis on our massive datasets.
Setup continuous delivery process to enable continuous iteration on solutions.
Work in an agile, highly collaborative and agile environment with a lean team.

Skills and Experience 

Required Skills
5-8 years Java experience building solutions that are performant with big data sets.
5+ years experience with writing high performance SQL.
Indepth understanding of user authentication flows and session management
Strong experience working with GitFlow
Familiarity with Test Driven Development practices
Strong written and verbal communication skills
Experience working with and refactoring existing code
Solid understanding of application vulnerabilities and security
Experience in Dev-Ops
Experience in a Gitflow environment
Experience working in a team utilizing an agile approach

InfoArmor is an Equal Opportunity Employer

Apply Now




Linux Engineer





Timing:
Full-time
Location: Scottsdale, AZ
Description

At InfoArmor, our priority is to maintain the security of our participants. As the Linux Systems Engineer you will architect, implement and maintain infrastructure key to our environment. As a member of our engineering team, you will be working to streamline/unify existing environments, maintain and expand capacity, work closely with developers and stakeholders to maintain and grow the environment with new proven technologies. The candidate will maintain the security of our participants.  Excellent communication and team skills are required as well as the ability to juggle multiple projects, document your work, master utilities and demonstrate a strong background in Information Security.
Primary Responsibilities

Linux guru! You need to eat, sleep and breathe Linux with demonstrated experience of RedHat and Ubuntu
Incorporating, tuning and adapting new security features, policies, procedures and strong systems
Familiarity with a multitude of OSS tools and utilities for managing, monitoring and troubleshooting Linux infrastructure and networks
Experience with deployment to secured facilities
Recommend and execute Linux server hardware and software configuration, installation, patching, integration, upgrades and performance security tuning
Support daily operations to Linux server such as capacity management, performance monitoring, provisioning, and network systems connectivity
Define and implement automated system installation/configuration procedures (Anisible)
Experience administering servers, backup operations and systems monitoring in multiple and complex network server environments
Strong troubleshooting and diagnostic skills, particularly with networking and the TCP/IP stack
Management of all VMware based infrastructure for the company, including its ESXi clusters
Configuration and management of network storage technologies including SAN, NAS and NFS
Networking and network security experience, including routing and switching, packet sniffing, managing SSL certificates
MySQL, MariaDB Administration

Skills and Experience 

5 years of experience
Ability to configure and deploy server builds
Linux shell scripting, understanding of at least one programing language (Python, Java, PHP)
Experience with creation and management of VMware based virtual infrastructure using ESX/ESXi
Strong experience with Linux (RedHat, Ubuntu) administration
Must have desire to learn new skills and work with new technologies
MySQL, MariaDB administration
Apache configuration and troubleshooting

Desired Skills

Knowledge of shell scripting, PHP or Python
F5 experience
Business Continuity / Disaster Recovery
VMware ESXi experience
Experience deploying mission critical systems, internal or on customer site
Experience optimizing environments for high performance
Experience with planning for SLA-quality support
Certifications are a plus
Most of all... a readiness to work hard, have fun growing with our fast and dynamic environment!

InfoArmor is an Equal Opportunity Employer

Apply Now




Sales Assistant





Timing:
Full-time
Location: Baltimore, MD
Description

At InfoArmor, our priority is to maintain the security of our participants. The Sales Assistant needs to be a highly motivated self-starter, and analytical thinker who can serve as a direct resource for the Sales Team Leader. The ideal candidate will have at least two years of sales support experience. They must also demonstrate superior communication and listening skills, excellent problem solving ability, assimilate information quickly and understand the need and want of the client and InfoArmor partner. The Sales Assistant must be a reliable part of the team and communicate comfortably with all levels of management within an organization.
Primary Responsibilities

Directly assist the InfoArmor Sales Leader with day-to-day sales, organization and prospecting functions
Inputs, data management and reporting in Salesforce.com
Manage the progress of proposal and contractual process on behalf of brokers and potential clients, including delivery, follow-up, and post-execution filing of executed agreement
Create presentations in person and via web for multiple audiences
Work cross-functionally with internal partners to meet and exceed partner and prospect demands
Plan broker/client meetings regionally as well as nationally
Assist with industry summits and conferences externally as well as internally, including InfoArmor’s Partner Summit
Take part in regular activities that include: follow-up email communication execution, client escalation resolution, ongoing meeting-scheduling and management. Assist with travel and expenses, and support needs when necessary
Coordinate with Marketing to help distribute InfoArmor’s products

Skills and Experience

Associate’s Degree
Minimum of two years of experience in Account Management and or Sales Support
Prior experience in Employee Benefits industry preferred
Communication skills: excellent written, spoken, listening, and critical analysis skills
Self-Starter: demonstrated ability to follow up, multi-task and manage conflicting priorities, without impacting deadlines.
Plan and execute with minimal supervision, display a strong work ethic with exceptional integrity.
Ability to work with a sense of urgency, able to react quickly and effectively while working in a high paced environment.
Excellent problem solving skills
Interpersonal Skills: Ability to interact with a wide variety of behavioral and personality styles effectively and make all feel comfortable
Flexible: Able to tackle new assignments and wear multiple hats, advocating on behalf of InfoArmor
Work well independently and in a team environment
Advanced MS Office, Outlook, Excel, PowerPoint, Word
Experience with web-based applications
Experience with sales software (Salesforce.com preferred)

InfoArmor is an Equal Opportunity Employer

Apply Now




Product Manager





Timing:
Full-time
Location: Scottsdale, AZ
Description

At InfoArmor, our priority is to maintain the security of our participants and we’re looking to build our product management team. As Product Manager, ideally, you will be an early adopter of technology and ideas, a team and people builder, a creator of dashboards, and an aficionado of analytics. We are building exceptional experiences for our clients and customers. You will always give your assessment and strategy for achieving desired outcomes while encouraging input and create space for collaboration. To accomplish the goals we’ve set, we need someone who will strike the perfect balance between strategy, creation, and precise execution with room for iteration.
Primary Responsibilities

Help define and execute the product vision, strategy and plan to drive clients and customer success
Drive net customer and revenue growth with offerings that solve customer problems with exceptional experiences that create unfair advantages over our competition
Create a high performing cross-functional team that delivers iterative solutions solving real customer problems

Skills and Experience 

Bachelor’s degree or equivalent experience. MBA preferred
5+ years Product Management experience
Experience being the product owner of one or more products on mobile and desktop, with a track record of successful releases and updates
Proven experience launching and growing a SaaS product line to thousands of customers
Experience driving and working in a fast-moving agile environment
Strong proactive communication skills and an ability to work collaboratively are critical
Ability to negotiate without being adversarial
Good product manager instincts, such as saying "no" to most things to allow extreme focus on the critically important things
Skill in selling the product vision, explaining prioritization trade-offs
Empathy for the customer experience, as well as data analysis, should inform all decision making
Strong technical acumen to think critically and problem solve with back-end architects and developers
Ability to lead projects across multiple teams and stakeholders through organization, collaboration and charisma
Design or technical background, experience as an engineer or designer is a huge plus
Superb written and oral communication skills

Desired

You have a successful track record of creating products that turn raw data into meaningful insights
You know what “fast-paced” really means and you embrace it.
You strike the perfect balance between strategy, creation, and precise execution with room for iteration.
You have a Jedi-like talent for identifying, hiring, and motivating talented people.
You never say “That’s not my job” or “I didn’t sign up for that”.
You are a problem-solvers and embrace constant change

InfoArmor is an Equal Opportunity Employer

Apply Now




Sales Assistant





Timing:
Full-time
Location: Boston, MA
Description

At InfoArmor, our priority is to maintain the security of our participants. The Sales Assistant needs to be a highly motivated self-starter, and analytical thinker who can serve as a direct resource for the Sales Team Leader. The ideal candidate will have at least two years of sales support experience. They must also demonstrate superior communication and listening skills, excellent problem solving ability, assimilate information quickly and understand the need and want of the client and InfoArmor partner. The Sales Assistant must be a reliable part of the team and communicate comfortably with all levels of management within an organization.
Primary Responsibilities

Directly assist the InfoArmor Sales Leader with day-to-day sales, organization and prospecting functions
Inputs, data management and reporting in Salesforce.com
Manage the progress of proposal and contractual process on behalf of brokers and potential clients, including delivery, follow-up, and post-execution filing of executed agreement
Create presentations in person and via web for multiple audiences
Work cross-functionally with internal partners to meet and exceed partner and prospect demands
Plan broker/client meetings regionally as well as nationally
Assist with industry summits and conferences externally as well as internally, including InfoArmor’s Partner Summit
Take part in regular activities that include: follow-up email communication execution, client escalation resolution, ongoing meeting-scheduling and management. Assist with travel and expenses, and support needs when necessary
Coordinate with Marketing to help distribute InfoArmor’s products

 
Skills and Experience

Associate’s Degree
Minimum of two years of experience in Account Management and or Sales Support
Prior experience in Employee Benefits industry preferred
Communication skills: excellent written, spoken, listening, and critical analysis skills
Self-Starter: demonstrated ability to follow up, multi-task and manage conflicting priorities, without impacting deadlines.
Plan and execute with minimal supervision, display a strong work ethic with exceptional integrity.
Ability to work with a sense of urgency, able to react quickly and effectively while working in a high paced environment.
Excellent problem solving skills
Interpersonal Skills: Ability to interact with a wide variety of behavioral and personality styles effectively and make all feel comfortable
Flexible: Able to tackle new assignments and wear multiple hats, advocating on behalf of InfoArmor
Work well independently and in a team environment
Advanced MS Office, Outlook, Excel, PowerPoint, Word
Experience with web-based applications
Experience with sales software (Salesforce.com preferred)

InfoArmor is an Equal Opportunity Employer

Apply Now




Security Engineer





Timing:
Full-time
Location: Scottsdale, Arizona
Description

 
At InfoArmor, our team is committed to helping businesses detect and fight emerging fraud. As the Security Engineer, you will be the primary lead Engineer within the Information Security Department and performs technical activities for delivering host, network, data, IDS, SIEM and application security services, while maintaining the security of our participants. This position will have primary responsibility for security platforms in the production environments, as well as development, quality-assurance, staging environments, policy development, compliance and Due Diligence.
Primary Responsibilities
Security system deployments, configuration, monitoring and reporting. This position will have a lead role in performing vulnerability assessments, security testing, and working with engineering and the InfoArmor development teams on remediation and mitigation of findings. This position will have a primary role on the Computer Security Incident Response Team (CSIRT) and with Disaster Recovery/Continuity of Operations Planning (DR/COOP). The Security Engineer provides support to planning, designing and implementing security controls which safeguard and monitor events for information systems, enterprise applications and data.
Skills and Experience

Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science, Information Technology, related field, or a combination of education and experience
A minimum of 4-7 years of IT experience; with at least 3 of years focused on IT Security
Excellent interpersonal, organizational, oral and written communication skills, including technical/non-technical communication, documentation and presentations
Analyze, troubleshoot, and investigate security-related, information systems’ anomalies based on security platform reporting, network traffic, log files, host-based and automated security alerts
Strong coding skills, PHP and Python, track record of web portal development
Maintain, configure, and analyze network and host-based security platforms
Network-based Intrusion Detection/Prevention Systems (IDS/IPS)
File integrity verification and monitoring software
Security Information & Event Management (SIEM) platform
Log Indexing and Correlation platform
Web Application testing experience
Establish and maintain a strong working relationship with all team members.
Complete inbound Security due diligence in line with current compliance, PCI, SSAE 16, NIST and ISO 27001
Successfully manage time and technical responsibilities, set accurate expectations and meet deliverable deadlines while working in a team and information sharing environment
Demonstrate ability to work within Python, PHP and shell scripting
Demonstrate the ability to conduct penetration testing and web application evaluation with remediation
Compliance experience, SSAE 16, NIST, PCI
Hands-on experience with:

IDS, SIEM



Additional Skills

Comfortable working on both Linux-based and MS Windows-based system platforms with a strong IT technical understanding and aptitude for analytical problem-solving
Strong team leadership skills
Strong understanding of enterprise, network, system and application level security issues
Understanding of enterprise computing environments, distributed applications, and a strong understanding of TCP/IP networks
Understanding of the system hardening processes, tools, guidelines and benchmarks
Responsible for 24/7 on-call problem resolution in their areas of system expertise, and authority to escalate as necessary

*InfoArmor is an Equal Opportunity Employer

Apply Now

















Latest News

  

              As Family Vacations Begin, Identity Thieves Are On The Prowl            
It’s that time of year again when you load up the car and head for the horizon to enjoy family vacations or road trips with friends. In fact, more than 35% of Americans took a road trip or family vacation of more than 50 miles in 2016.

Read More
 
  

              InfoArmor Preempts Ransomware Attacks            
The latest outbreak of ransomware, Petya along with a varity of variants, has infected devices in 65 countries by leveraging the same vulnerability as the WannaCry malware, namely MS17-010 (EternalBlue). This version does not have a “back-door” fix that was inadvertently discovered in WannaCry.  Thus, the impacts from Petya are more acute where the vulnerability remains. […]

Read More
 
  

              Job Searching Online Opens The Door For Identity Fraud            
It’s that time of year again when ‘Pomp and Circumstance’ rings throughout college campuses and new college graduates scramble to find jobs in their selective career fields. As job searches become even more reliant on online methods, the risk for identity theft increases substantially. 

Read More
 

More News








Have questions about InfoArmor?
Contact us. We’d love to talk to you.

CONTACT US















             Subscribe To Personalized Notifications             


             You are subscribing to jobs matching your current search criteria.         



                Email Notifications             


Email notifications will be sent to you

Daily

Weekly


                         Subscribe                     

 





                 Custom RSS Feed             


Your personalized RSS Feed is below, copy the address to your RSS reader.


                         Subscribe                     























Schreiber John (Import & export history)
































 












Plans




Limited




Plus




Premium








            LimitedMonitor Your Competitors



Data

Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 3 months for all companies
You'll have access to data from the previous 6-months from the date of your search. We use a rolling date range, so you can always look back 6 months from the current date.




            LimitedMonitor Your Competitors



Data

Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 3 months for all companies
Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 3 months for all companies
You'll have access to data from the previous 3-months from the date of your search. We use a rolling date range, so you can always look back 3-months from the current date.




            PlusSmall & Medium Business



Data

Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 12 months for all companies
You'll have access to data from the previous 12-months from the date of your search. We use a rolling date range, so you can always look back 12-months from the current date.
U.S. ocean freight exports from January 1, 2014 to present for all companies




            Premium            Empire Builder



Data

Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from November 2006 to the present for all companies
You'll have access to our entire database of shipping manifests of U.S. Ocean freight imports going back to November 2006.
U.S. ocean freight exports from January 1, 2014 to present for all companies





            LimitedMonitor Your Competitors



Usage

Track the shipping activities of your 3 chosen companies
Our Limited Plan lets you monitor the shipping activities of any three companies across all our databases. Be the first to know when your target company clears a shipment through customs in one of the countries we track.
3 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Our team of account managers and research assistants will help you find contact information for up to 3 companies in our database each month.
Download (CSV and XLS) 5k Records Per Month
If you're planning to do more in-depth research on the companies in our database, you should upgrade to the Plus or Premium plans, which allow more downloads.
Email Alerts for up to 3 Searches
If you need to track more than 3 companies, product segments, or trade lanes, you should upgrade to the Plus or Premium plan, which allow more email alerts.




            LimitedMonitor Your Competitors



Usage

10 Company Searches Per Day
10 searches per day may be enough if you are just monitoring a few competitors or researching suppliers in a single industry. If you're looking to connect with sales leads or do more in-depth research, you should upgrade to the Plus or Premium plan which allows more searches.
3 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Our team of account managers and research assistants will help you find contact information for up to 3 companies in our database each month.
Download (CSV and XLS) 1k Records Per Month
If you're planning to do more in-depth research on the companies in our database, you should upgrade to the Plus or Premium plan, which allow more downloads.
Email Alerts for up to 3 Company Searches
If you need to track more than 3 companies, product segments, or trade lanes, you should upgrade to the Plus or Premium plan, which allow more email alerts.




            Plus            Small & Medium Business



Usage

25 Searches Per Day
25 searches per day may be enough if you are just monitoring a few competitors or researching suppliers in a single industry. If you're looking to connect with sales leads or do more in-depth research, you should upgrade to the Premium plan which allows more searches.
25 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Our team of account managers and research assistants will help you find contact information for up to 25 companies in our database each month.
Download (CSV and XLS) 10k Records Per Month
If you're planning to do more in-depth research on the companies in our database, you should upgrade to the Premium plan, which allow more downloads.
Email Alerts for up to 5 Searches
If you need to track more than 5 companies, product segments, or trade lanes, you should upgrade to the Premium plan, which allow more email alerts.




            Premium            Empire Builder



Usage

50 Searches Per Day
 
50 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Our team of account managers and research assistants will help you find contact information for up to 50 companies in our database each month
Download (CSV and XLS) 25k Records Per Month
If you're planning to do more in-depth research on the companies in our database, contact the Sales Department to purchase more credits and export additional shipping records.
Email Alerts for up to 10 Searches





             Plus             Small & Medium Business



Features

Visual Mapping
Our Visual Mapping technology provides an instant snapshot of any company's trade connections. Navigate the global web of trading partners with the click of a mouse and visualize the relationships between companies many degrees apart.







            Premium            Empire Builder



Features

Visual Mapping
Our Visual Mapping technology provides an instant snapshot of any company's trade connections. Navigate the global web of trading partners with the click of a mouse and visualize the relationships between companies many degrees apart.







            Limited            Monitor Your Competitors



Support

Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
Call or e-mail our Customer Service Agents. They will get back to as soon as possible to assist you with your data needs.




            Plus            Small & Medium Business



Support

Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
Call or e-mail our Customer Service Agents. They will get back to as soon as possible to assist you with your data needs.




            Premium            Empire Builder



Support

Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
Call or e-mail our Customer Service Agents. They will get back to as soon as possible to assist you with your data needs.
Dedicated Research Assistant
An experienced trade data specialist will serve as your dedicated account manager to locate hard-to-reach data, perform searches and compile reports on your behalf.




            Limited            Monitor Your Competitors



Data

Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 3 months for all companies
You'll have access to data from the previous 6-months from the date of your search. We use a rolling date range, so you can always look back 6 months from the current date.







X












                   Home                





                        How It Works                    



                            U.S. Data                        

                            Additional Countries                        

                            Our Datasets                        

                            Our Clients                        

                            IG Reviews                        

                            Videos                        

                            Pictures                        

                            Presentation                        



                   Plans & Pricing                

                    Search                

                  Contact Us                
Live Chat				

                    Free Demo                

                    Sign In                

                    Join Now                











English
中文
French










English



中文



French



 

Get global shipment alerts for Schreiber  John, $9.95 /month

Processing, please wait ...







Cardholder's Name


Tell us your Full Name



Credit Card No. 








Enter a valid Card No.



Exp. Date

1 January
2 February
3 March
4 April
5 May
6 June
7 July
8 August
9 September
10 October
11 November
12 December




2017
2018
2019
2020
2021
2022
2023
2024
2025
2026



Postal Code / Zip


(or Postal Code if not in the USA)




  Terms of Service




Submit















			                                                Service: 855-573-9976 
                        Sales: +1-855-573-9976

 Live Chat

Choose Language
 English
 中文
 French




 



Hi, may I help you with something?

An ImportGenius.com sales agent is available to answer your question.


							Chat Live Now						

						No, thanks.					







Sign Up






Home
How It Works
Plans & Pricing
Search
Contact Us


Live Chat

2
  



 



Schreiber  John

Schreiber, John imports from Aloha Worldwide Forwarders, Inc in South Korea through the port of Seattle, Washington        





 Call +1 (480) 744 2559




Import Genius






                                Our bill of lading data reveals the trading activities of Schreiber  John and millions of other importers.                            


Learn More
Join Now




Request a Demo





Would you like to schedule a free demo?
We'd love to show you international trade data relevant to your own business.










Name




Email





Phone






Schedule A Free Demo


















Play muted


International Trade Starts With Our Data









Other companies in our database

 TEXAS INSTRUMENTS CENTER
 PING INC.
 NISSAN MOTOR IBERICA SA
 TRANSITYRE FRANCE S.A. MICHELIN EXP
 DISNEY THEME PARK MERCHANDISE (OLD
















View Sample Shipment Records
Shipment Alert Subscription
Contact This Company



Sign Up

 





Sample shipment record for Schreiber  John
Schreiber, John imports from Aloha Worldwide Forwarders, Inc in South Korea through the port of Seattle, Washington


                                Bill of Lading                            





Manufacturer / Shipper
Consignee



ALOHA WORLDWIDE FORWARDERS, INC
C/O YOKOHAMA KAIUN INTERNATIONAL   
11 KAMOME-CHO NAKA-KU              
YOKOHAMA 231-0813 JAPAN            
81-453505763    TELEX 81-456282533


SCHREIBER, JOHN
COMMANDING OFFICER ATTN: CODE 432 B
                                   
                                   
1-2535823905    TELEX 1-2535823905



Notify Party
Marks and Numbers



ALOHA WORLDWIDE FORWARDERS, INC.




N/M
N/M





Master Bill of Lading Number
Container Number



MAEU862411390


GESU5038528
GESU5038528


Product Description




ONE40.9FT CONT-R - SHIPPER-S LOAD & COUNT  DOD-SPONSORED SHIPMENT PACKED IN ACCORDANCE  WITH APPLICABLE DOD PACKAGING REQUIREMENTS  MILITARY HHG    8ALOW SCHREIBER, JOHN QENQ0004242 PS:8 GRS:8953 NET:6873 CFT:1324  4 RDBF SCHELL, JOSHUA QFAC0001352 PS:4 GRS:4912 NET:3792 CFT:688     12 VAN PACK(S)TOTAL PS: 12  TOTAL GR
ONE40.9FT CONT-R - SHIPPER-S LOAD & COUNT  DOD-SPONSORED SHIPMENT PACKED IN ACCORDANCE  WITH APPLICABLE DOD PACKAGING REQUIREMENTS  MILITARY HHG    8ALOW SCHREIBER, JOHN QENQ0004242 PS:8 GRS:8953 NET:6873 CFT:1324  4 RDBF SCHELL, JOSHUA QFAC0001352 PS:4 GRS:4912 NET:3792 CFT:688     12 VAN PACK(S)TOTAL PS: 12  TOTAL GRS_WT: 13865  TOTAL NET_WT: 10665  TOTAL CFT: 2012     CODE- 3     TOTAL: ONE (1) CONTAINER ONLY -FREIGHT PAYABLE BY:ALOHA WORLDWIDE FORWARDERS, INC.  P.O.BOX 12763 MILL CREEK, WA 98082-0763  U.S.A.  RELEASED TO DECLARED VALUE NOT EXCEEDING $0.44PER KGS     ETA 2011/06/25

View more








Bill of LadingMAEU554232703   Arrival Date2011-06-25Weight (LB)6,873Weight (KG)3,124UnitsCMQuantity8 VAN PContainer Count1CBM37Voyage No.395EPort of LoadingPUSANPort of DischargeSEATTLE, WASHINGTONVessel NameARTHUR MAERSKCarrier CodeMAEUCountry Of OriginSouth KoreaPlace Of ReceiptYOKOHAMA 





Subscribe to access the complete shipping history for Schreiber  John. Join Now 







How will your business use our trade data?
If you're involved in international trade, our database of shipping manifests will help you find opportunities to grow your business.

Find Trading Partners You Can Trust
Monitor Competitors' Shipping Activities
Connect With Sales Prospects














                            "Very informative and great site and so quick. Pretty slick."
                        







Betty Fatzie

                                                                    President,                                 
                                                                    Lab Products, Inc.                                
                            






                            "The service was great, with a reasonable price and great results. We have now started using another supplier from China. We just ordered our first container from the new supplier and with the savings it more than paid for the ImportGenius.com service on the first container load."
                        







Cleve Kurz

                                
                                                                    Gifford Monument Works                                
                            






                            "Import Genius is not merely an investment for our organization, it’s a vital instrument to effectively manage our time. It has afforded us the ability to quickly segment, target and position ourselves in front of prospective clients. Thank you, Import Genius!"
                        







David Bryant

                                                                    Director of Business Development,                                 
                                                                    John S. James Co.                                
                            






                            "Import Genius data is fantastic for evaluating component manufacturers in China."
                        







Sanjay Dastoor

                                
                                                                    BoostedBoards.com                                
                            






                            "We have confidence that we're working with the best manufacturers in part because Import Genius showed us that they already supply some of the world's top brands"
                        







Yaniv Masjedi

                                                                    Vice President,                                 
                                                                    Nextiva.com                                
                            






                            "Import Genius is a highly informative tool for monitoring public companies' operating activities. It is an invaluable part of our research."
                        







Eric DeLamarter

                                                                    Managing Partner,                                 
                                                                    Half Moon Capital                                
                            






                            "We find new clients for our customs brokerage in the ImportGenius database almost every day"
                        







Jayson Gispan

                                                                    Customs Brokerage Operations Manager,                                 
                                                                    Flexport.com                                
                            






                            "ImportGenius is a great research tool. We use it to evaluate manufacturers to make sure we are working with only the highest quality, most reliable suppliers"
                        







Chris Friedland

                                                                    Founder / CEO,                                 
                                                                    Build.com                                
                            






                            "ImportGenius gave us visibility into the actual shipping histories of the manufacturers we were evaluating and helped us feel comfortable we were working with the best suppliers in China."
                        







Morena Simitic

                                                                    COO,                                 
                                                                    BellaBeat.com                                
                            
























Shipment Alert Subscription



                        Get e-mail alerts when Schreiber  John has new shipments.                        

Processing, please wait ...









Submit












Contact Schreiber  John







 



Name



Business



Email



Phone




Submit




Processing, please wait ...

 

 





Features



Save and Share Reports
Easily get your searches out of Import Genius and into your team’s hands for further analysis. Export your findings to XLS or CSV, or send reports via email. It’s the simple things that make our trade data even more valuable to you.



See the Supply Chain
Visual Mapping shows you exactly how your target companies and their trading partners connect. Search by shipper and see everyone they’ve shipped to. Or search by consignee and see all their suppliers. Zoom in on any company to see their own trading network. Dive deep into international trade and discover the links in anyone’s supply chain.



Get Real-time Shipment Alerts
Stay on top of your competitors, suppliers, and customers with real-time alerts. Just set up a search and get an email whenever a new shipment matches your terms. Import Genius lets you know the moment they bring in a rival product or start shipping to a new partner.








Schreiber  John
You've viewed 20 profile pages on Import Genius, which is the most we allow for free. Sign up for ImportGenius to get more details on over 3 million importers and exporters. It only takes seconds.






Sign Up for Import Genius! 








Plans




Limited
Monitor Your Competitors




Recommended Plan
Plus
Small & Medium Business




Premium
Empire Builder






Price





$
99
594
/month
for 6 months



                        Sign Up                    






$
199
1,194
/month
for 6 months



                        Sign Up                    






$
399
2,394
/month
for 6 months



                        Sign Up                    







Data




Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 3 months for all companies
View Details




Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 12 months for all companies
U.S. ocean freight exports from January 1, 2014 to present for all companies
View Details




Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from November 2006 to the present for all companies
U.S. ocean freight exports from January 1, 2014 to present for all companies
View Details






Usage





Track the shipping activities of your 3 chosen companies
3 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Download (CSV and XLS) 5k Records Per Month
Email Alerts for up to 3 Searches

View Details





25 Searches Per Day
25 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Download (CSV and XLS) 10k Records Per Month
Email Alerts for up to 5 Searches

View Details





50 Searches Per Day
50 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Download (CSV and XLS) 25k Records Per Month
Email Alerts for up to 10 Searches

View Details






Features


 


Visual Mapping
View Details




Visual Mapping
View Details






Support




Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
View Details




Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
View Details





Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
Dedicated Research Assistant

View Details






  






View All U.S. Imports
Instantly search 109,970,574 ocean freight records to monitor U.S. importers, research suppliers, generate sales leads and more.


As Featured In





















What is Import Genius





Who Uses Import Genius





Available Data Fields







What is Import Genius


												Import Genius reveals the trading activities of importers and exporters around the world.								

												We give you hard data about your overseas suppliers and domestic competitors. Using shipping databases from Customs agencies in the United States, Latin America, and India, Import Genius can help you find reliable new trading partners, monitor your competitors’ shipments, and keep an eye on your current suppliers and customers.								

												Our team of seasoned import-export veterans, cutting-edge software developers, and customer service professionals has worked for years to build the world's most powerful and accessible database of international trade intelligence.								



												We do this for a diverse client base that requires keen insight into international trade.								

												Our customers include some of the world's top importers, exporters, freight forwarders, logistics companies, manufacturers, investment banks, financial analysts, intellectual property attorneys, and more. They use our tools to:								

Research the trade activity of importers and suppliers
Identify and vet new sources for any kind of product
Monitor the competition and their trade connections
Generate sales leads for transportation and logistics companies
Track the activity of publicly-traded companies
Investigate and enforce intellectual property infringement
Ensure exclusive agent compliance




Who Uses Import Genius

Sourcing Professionals...

			Use our service to view shipping histories for suppliers.		

			We provide access to detailed customs records, letting you verify suppliers' true shipping volumes and U.S. customer lists. You can also look up your competing import firms to find where they buy their goods.		
+ Learn More
Competitive Intelligence Analysts...

			Use our service to learn where rivals source products.		

			We give clear insights into the importing volumes, new product releases, and broader competitive dynamics of your industry.		
+ Learn More


Sales & Marketing Teams...

			Use our service to generate sales prospects.		

			We give you the tools to target importers based on product type, location, shipping volumes, and more.		
+ Learn More
Financial Analysts...

			Use our service to monitor public companies' imports.		

			We offer rare data on the success or failure of new product launches, shipping trends and other operating data for companies in any industry.		
+ Learn More



Available Data Fields

Import Genius Data Fields

												By collecting the ocean freight bill of lading for all U.S. imports in our database, Import Genius provides unprecedented access to near real-time information on virtually every industry and company importing goods into the country.								

												For each shipment entering the U.S. by ocean, we provide access to the following information.								
Additional Fields Available for Some Shipments:

Phone Number
Fax Number
Email
Contact Person



List of Data Fields



ConsigneeThe company importing the shipment into the U.S.Consignee AddressThe address of the company importing the shipment into the U.S.ShipperThe overseas company exporting the shipment to the U.S.Shipper AddressThe address of the overseas company exporting the shipment to the U.S.Product DescriptionThe exporter's description of the shipment as it appears on the bill of lading or shipping manifestGross WeightThe gross weight of the shipment, excluding the weight of the actual container. This can appear in either pounds or kilograms at the discretion of the exporterNumber Of UnitsThe quantity of boxes customs would find if they were to open the shipment for inspection.VolumeThe volume of the shipment, generally defined in cubic meters or container base measurements (CBM)Arrival DateThe date the shipment arrives within the customs territory of the U.S.Foreign PortThe last port the shipment passes through before arriving in the U.S.Country Of OriginThe country of the last foreign port the shipment passes through before arriving in the U.S.U.S. PortThe U.S. port where the shipment enters the customs territory of the U.S.Carrier CodeThe four digit Standard Carrier Alpha Code of the ocean carrier or freight forwarder managing the transit of the shipmentVoyage NumberA unique code assigned to that particular sailing of the ship between two portsVessel NameThe name of the ship transporting the shipmentShip Registered InThe country where the ship is officially registeredBill Of Lading NumberThe unique number assigned to this particular shipment by the ocean carrier or freight forwarderContainer NumberThe unique number assigned to the ocean shipping container carrying the shipment in questionMarks & NumbersAny text or numbers appearing on the cartons 

















Import Genius

How It Works
Plans & Pricing
Our Trade Data Blog
Search
Latin Trade Data

Import Genius Reviews & Press Coverage
Who Uses Import Genius
Contact Us



Latest Posts




                                    Trump Properties Have…                                




                                    India, US palm oil imports…                                




                                    Chilean salmon exports…                                




                                    Limited Plan Now Available                                




                                    Solar panels: imports…                                




Company Profiles



                                    Joybird                                



                                    Afoi Patsoi Avee                                



                                    Zollern Transissoes Mecanicas                                



                                    To The Owners & Master Of Mv Adonia                                



                                    Wong Hau Plastic Works Trd Co                                











                     
                                            109,970,574  Records in our database and counting





Customer Support Team: 

                    Tel:  855-573-9976
                    International: +1 480-745-3396
                    Fax: +1 602-428-9400
info@importgenius.com

                    8901 E Pima Center Pkwy, 
		    Suite 105 
                    Scottsdale, AZ 85258


Shanghai, China:

                    Tel: +86-21-63806036


                    Mobile No.: +86-13671737628
                    Fax Number: +86-21-63806036


Shenzhen, China
                    
                            Tel: +86-755-89517585
                            Mob: +86-13925258002
                            Fax: +86-755-89517585                



Have questions? We'll reply quickly!





									         		Type your info below								         		











Message



Submit

Processing, please wait ...

 

 

                Trainings, Demos, and General Contact All Available            
Or Call Us:
Service:

                    +1-855-573-9976                
Sales:

                    +1-855-573-9976                
Back to top

 





All Rights Reserved. Copyright © 2017. Trade Data Services, Inc. 0.7538
 






 

 




We're Offline
Please leave us a message



To chat with a representative of Import Genius, your browser needs to be Internet Explorer 9 or higher. Please fill out the form below and a representative will contact you as soon as possible.



Name



Email



Phone



Message



Send




X















Schreiber John C Irrigation in Lynbrook, New York with Reviews - YP.comStart your search by typing in the business name below.
What do you want to find?

Where?My current locationSearchHomeLynbrook, NYSchreiber John C IrrigationLynbrook, NY Schreiber John C IrrigationAbout Search ResultsAbout Search ResultsYP - The Real Yellow PagesSM - helps you find the right local businesses to meet your specific needs. Search results are sorted by a combination of factors to give you a set of choices in response to your search criteria. These factors are similar to those you might use to determine which business to select from a local Yellow Pages directory, including proximity to where you are searching, expertise in the specific services or products you need, and comprehensive business information to help evaluate a business's suitability for you. “Preferred” listings, or those with featured website buttons, indicate YP advertisers who directly provide information about their businesses to help consumers make more informed buying decisions. YP advertisers receive higher placement in the default ordering of search results and may appear in sponsored listings on the top, side, or bottom of the search results page.Sort:DefaultDefaultDistanceRatingName (A - Z)Sponsored LinksAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your home collection!Error when adding to home collectionThis business was removed from the home collection1. Schreiber John C Irrigation66 Robertson RdLynbrook, NY 11563(516) 599-3644Irrigation Systems & EquipmentBusinesses in related categories to Irrigation Systems & EquipmentAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your home collection!Error when adding to home collectionThis business was removed from the home collection2. Artusa Irrigation Inc12 Roxy PlLynbrook, NY 11563(516) 593-2021Irrigation Systems & EquipmentAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your home collection!Error when adding to home collectionThis business was removed from the home collection3. All Wet Sprinkler Repair73 Rowe AveLynbrook, NY 11563(516) 887-2397Irrigation Systems & EquipmentWebsiteAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your home collection!Error when adding to home collectionThis business was removed from the home collection4. Rael Sprinklers150 Vincent AveLynbrook, NY 11563(516) 593-2020Sprinklers-Garden & LawnAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your home collection!Error when adding to home collectionThis business was removed from the home collection5. Mkd Irrigation Corp73 Dawes AveLynbrook, NY 11563(516) 561-1981Sprinklers-Garden & Lawn, Installation...Add to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your home collection!Error when adding to home collectionThis business was removed from the home collection6. Creative Water IncBBB Rating: A+162 Merrick RdLynbrook, NY 11563(516) 599-5300Sprinklers-Garden & Lawn, Installation...WebsiteAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your home collection!Error when adding to home collectionThis business was removed from the home collection7. Island Sprinklers Rbr Inc1404 Cleveland AveEast Meadow, NY 11554(516) 485-5209Sprinklers-Garden & LawnAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your home collection!Error when adding to home collectionThis business was removed from the home collection8. Green Turf Irrigation Co., Inc.101 Roger AveInwood, NY 11096(516) 239-3434Irrigation Systems & EquipmentWebsiteAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your home collection!Error when adding to home collectionThis business was removed from the home collection9. Rosen Sprinkler Co130 Wahl AveInwood, NY 11096(516) 679-1866Sprinklers-Garden & Lawn, Installation...Add to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your home collection!Error when adding to home collectionThis business was removed from the home collection10. SUPERIOR LAWN SPRINKLERSBellmore, NY 11710(516) 783-0423Landscape Designers & ConsultantsWebsiteAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your home collection!Error when adding to home collectionThis business was removed from the home collection11. Alves Irrigation Inc3 Buckner AveHicksville, NY 11801(516) 681-5804Irrigation ConsultantsAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your home collection!Error when adding to home collectionThis business was removed from the home collection12. Mr Landscaping14 Evans AveFreeport, NY 11520(516) 582-0666Irrigation Systems & EquipmentAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your home collection!Error when adding to home collectionThis business was removed from the home collection13. Magnum Irrigation3376 Fairway RdOceanside, NY 11572(516) 697-1101Irrigation Systems & EquipmentAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your home collection!Error when adding to home collectionThis business was removed from the home collection14. L.I Sprinkler Guys45 Bogart AvePort Washington, NY 11050(516) 321-9808Sprinklers-Garden & Lawn, Installation...Add to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your home collection!Error when adding to home collectionThis business was removed from the home collection15. Jimmy's Lawn Sprinkler SvcMerrick, NY 11566(516) 378-4367Sprinklers-Garden & LawnWebsiteAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your home collection!Error when adding to home collectionThis business was removed from the home collection16. New Age Lawn Sprinklers Inc452 Albern AveOceanside, NY 11572(516) 763-5296Sprinklers-Garden & Lawn, Installation...Add to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your home collection!Error when adding to home collectionThis business was removed from the home collection17. Noble Irrigation Corp.164 Pebble LnHewlett, NY 11557(516) 374-3334Irrigation Systems & EquipmentWebsiteAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your home collection!Error when adding to home collectionThis business was removed from the home collection18. Astor Sprinkler Co Inc220 Maple AveRockville Centre, NY 11570(516) 766-6800Irrigation Systems & EquipmentAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your home collection!Error when adding to home collectionThis business was removed from the home collection19. Affordable Sprinklers1951 Nantucket RdMerrick, NY 11566(516) 771-8824Sprinklers-Garden & LawnWebsiteAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your home collection!Error when adding to home collectionThis business was removed from the home collection20. MVR Lawn Sprinklers Corp.(2)37 clarendon rdHempstead, NY 11550(516) 307-8320Irrigation Systems & EquipmentWebsiteHad a new sprinkler system installed on a large corner lot and Robert and his crew did a exceptional job.  They take pride in their work and I would…Add to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your home collection!Error when adding to home collectionThis business was removed from the home collection21. Rael Sprinkler1750 Plaza AveNew Hyde Park, NY 11040(516) 775-8830Sprinklers-Garden & Lawn, Installation...WebsiteAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your home collection!Error when adding to home collectionThis business was removed from the home collection22. AGC Irrigation156 E Hawthorne AveValley Stream, NY 11580(516) 284-7331Irrigation Systems & EquipmentWebsiteAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your home collection!Error when adding to home collectionThis business was removed from the home collection23. Sun Irrigation170 Central AveFarmingdale, NY 11735(631) 643-0218Irrigation Systems & EquipmentWebsiteFrom Business: Bilden Industries dba Sun Irrigation has been repairing, servicing and installing lawn sprinkler systems for over 25 years.Add to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your home collection!Error when adding to home collectionThis business was removed from the home collection24. Save On Sprinklers2285 Bedford AveBellmore, NY 11710(516) 781-0535Sprinklers-Garden & LawnWebsiteAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your home collection!Error when adding to home collectionThis business was removed from the home collection25. Raindance Lawn Sprinklers - CLOSED87 N BroadwayHicksville, NY 11801(516) 932-7246Sprinklers-Garden & LawnWebsiteAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your home collection!Error when adding to home collectionThis business was removed from the home collection26. Glenwood Water District6 3rd StGlenwood Landing, NY 11547(516) 671-3382Water Supply SystemsWebsiteAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your home collection!Error when adding to home collectionThis business was removed from the home collection27. G P M Lawn Sprinkler Parts(1)1104 Jericho TpkeNew Hyde Park, NY 11040(516) 775-0007Sprinklers-Garden & LawnWebsitegreat service, great products, and a phenomenal staff. i've been coming here for years and they have saved me a great deal of money and have always …Add to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your home collection!Error when adding to home collectionThis business was removed from the home collection28. Custom Irrigation Corp111 Roger AveInwood, NY 11096(516) 239-7659Irrigation Systems & EquipmentWebsiteAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your home collection!Error when adding to home collectionThis business was removed from the home collection29. Barone Lawn Sprinklers5 Mc Gann DrRockville Centre, NY 11570(516) 239-2785Sprinklers-Garden & Lawn-Wholesale...Add to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your home collection!Error when adding to home collectionThis business was removed from the home collection30. Alfieri & Sons Irrigation Corp325 Ellison AveWestbury, NY 11590(516) 333-0952Irrigation ConsultantsSponsored LinksMap ViewTips & AdviceHow to choose the best irrigation system for a climate?The local climate’s heat and humidity affects evaporation rates, and this helps determine the best irrigation options. For example, sprinkler irrigation in a high-heat / high-sun environments lose more water to evaporation than drip irrigation. When choosing an irrigation system, also consider soil type and topography.What are the benefits of drip irrigation?Drip irrigation uses 20 percent – 50 percent  less water than traditional sprinkler systems, which conserves water and saves money. It reduces weeds, soil erosion, and fertilizer run-off. Drip systems work well with irregularly or hilly landscapes. Because it waters the plants evenly and efficiently and reduces water contact with leaves, it also reduces the risk of plant disease or fungus.What is drip irrigation?Drip irrigation uses tubing to “drip” water slowly and directly to the soil surface, roots or bases of plants. This low-pressure, low-volume system can use drips, sprays, or streams to keep roots moist but not soaked. The tubes can be located above ground, where they are visible, or “subsurface,” which reduces evaporation even further.Do irrigation systems require maintenance?Yes. All irrigation systems are made up of component parts that need maintenance and eventual replacement. Professional maintenance in the spring and fall will keep the system in its best working order.How long does it take install an irrigation system?Most professionally installed irrigation systems can be installed in one or two days, depending on the size and complexity of the job. Do-it-yourself installations could take longer.Can irrigation systems be installed in every yard?Yes, irrigation systems can be installed for all types of yards. Even yards that receive a lot of rainfall should have an irrigation system for dry periods or for times when the rainfall is irregular, because consistency keeps plants healthy.What is an irrigation system zone?Zoning an irrigation system allows a homeowner to develop a customized watering plan. The lawn is divided into distinct areas (zones), each of which can have its own irrigation plan or schedule. Rather than blanketing the entire lawn with “one-size-fits-all” watering, zoning a lawn saves water and allows different plants types (grass, trees, flowers) to receive just the amount of water needed.How long do irrigation systems last?With twice-annual maintenance, a sprinkler-head irrigation system should last 20 years without expensive repairs. Underground pipes can last 40 years, and high-quality sprinkler heads should last 10 -15 years. A drip irrigation system will need more frequent repair or replacing because it is exposed to the elements. Wiring, especially if exposed to water, may need repair far sooner.How much does it cost to install an irrigation system?A professionally installed irrigation system with pop-up sprinkler heads generally costs $3,000-$4,000 for a one-quarter-acre lot. A professionally installed above-ground drip-irrigation system, which typically covers smaller areas, runs $300-$750 per 500-square feet. The price of either system depends upon many factors such as property size, type of landscaping, number of zones, water pressure and quality, and products used.See more Tips & AdviceSponsoredDidn't find what you were looking for?magnifying glass 
We just redesigned yp.com! Do you like it?×            LikeNot a Fan×            Thank You!Feedback
