Howard Schultz - Activist - Biography.com


















































Subscribe to NewsletterAbout











                        Home








                        Howard Schultz










Howard Schultz Biography.comActivist(1953–)212SHARESQuick FactsNameHoward SchultzOccupationActivistBirth DateJuly 19, 1953 (age 64)EducationNorthern Michigan UniversityPlace of BirthBrooklyn, New YorkAKAHoward SchultzFull NameHoward D. SchultzZodiac SignCancer

Synopsis

Early Life and Career

Birth of the Modern Starbucks

Continued Success

Support for Gay Marriage


Cite This PageHoward Schultz is CEO and chairman of Starbucks, the highly successful coffee company.IN THESE GROUPSFamous People Named SchultzFamous BillionairesFamous People Born on July 19Famous People Born in New YorkShow All GroupsFamous People Born in 1953Famous People in BusinessFamous People Born in BrooklynHowardFamous People Who Started BusinessesAmericanFamous Northern Michigan University AlumniFamous CanceriansFamous ActivistsFamous People Born in United States1 of 3« »quotes“We're not in the business of filling bellies, we’re in the business of filling souls.”“Not every decision is an economic one.”“When I walked [into Starbucks] for the first time—I know this sounds  really hokey—I knew I was home. I can't explain  it. But I knew I was in a special place, and the product kind of spoke  to me.”Howard Schultz


SynopsisBorn in Brooklyn, New York, on July 19, 1953, Howard Schultz graduated from Northern Michigan University with a bachelor's degree in communications before becoming director of retail operations and marketing for the Starbucks Coffee Company in 1982. After founding the coffee company Il Giornale in 1987, he purchased Starbucks and became CEO and chairman of the company. In 2000, Schultz publicly announced that he was resigning as Starbucks's CEO. Eight years later, however, he returned to head the company. In 2014, Starbucks had more than 21,000 stores worldwide and a market cap of $60 billion.Early Life and CareerHoward D. Schultz was born in Brooklyn, New York, on July 19, 1953, and moved with his family to the Bayview Housing projects in Canarsie, a neighborhood in southeastern Brooklyn, when he was 3 years old. Schultz was a natural athlete, leading the basketball courts around his home and the football field at school. He made his escape from Canarsie with a football scholarship to Northern Michigan University in 1970. After graduating from the university with a Bachelor of Science degree in  communication in 1975, Schultz found work as an appliance salesman for Hammarplast, a company that  sold European coffee makers in the United States. Rising through the ranks to become director of sales,  in the early 1980s, Schultz noticed that he was selling more coffee makers to a small operation in Seattle, Washington, known then as the Starbucks Coffee Tea and Spice Company, than to Macy's. "Every  month, every quarter, these numbers were going up, even though Starbucks  just had a few stores," Schultz later remembered. "And I said, 'I gotta go  up to Seattle.'"  Howard Schultz still distinctly remembers the first time he walked into the original Starbucks in 1981. At that time, Starbucks had only been around for 10 years and didn't exist outside Seattle. The company's original owners, old college buddies Jerry Baldwin and Gordon Bowker and their neighbor, Zev Siegl, had founded Starbucks in 1971. The three friends also came up with the coffee company's ubiquitous mermaid logo. "When I walked in this store for the first time—I know this sounds really hokey—I knew I was home," Schultz later remembered. "I can't explain it. But I knew I was in a special place, and the product kind of spoke to me." At that time, he added, "I had never had a good cup of coffee. I met the founders of the company, and really heard for the first time the story of great coffee ... I just said, 'God, this is something I've been looking for my whole professional life.'" Little did Schultz know then how fortuitous his introduction to the company would truly be, or that he would have an integral part in creating the modern Starbucks.Birth of the Modern StarbucksA year after meeting with Starbucks' founders, in 1982, Howard Schultz was hired as director of retail operations and marketing for the growing coffee company, which, at the time, only sold coffee beans, not coffee drinks. "My impression of Howard at that time was that he was a fabulous communicator," co-founder Zev Siegl later remembered. "One to one, he still is." Early on, Schultz set about making his mark on the company while making Starbucks' mission his own. In 1983, while traveling in Milan, Italy, he was struck by the number of coffee bars he encountered. An idea then occurred to him: Starbucks should sell not just coffee beans but coffee drinks. "I saw something. Not only the romance of coffee, but ... a sense of community. And the connection that people had to coffee—the place and one another," Schultz recalled. "And after a week in Italy, I was so convinced with such unbridled enthusiasm that I couldn't wait to get back to Seattle to talk about the fact that I had seen the future." Schultz's enthusiasm for opening coffee bars in Starbucks stores, however, wasn't shared by the company's creators. "We said, 'Oh no, that's not for us,'" Siegl remembered. "Throughout the '70s, we served coffee in our store. We even, at one point, had a nice, big espresso machine behind the counter. But we were in the bean business." Nevertheless, Schultz was persistent until, finally, the owners let him establish a coffee bar in a new store that was opening in Seattle. It was an instant success, bringing in hundreds of people per day and introducing a whole new language—the language of the coffeehouse—to Seattle in 1984. But the success of the coffee bar demonstrated to the original founders that they didn't want to go in the direction Schultz wanted to take them. They didn't want to get big. Disappointed, Schultz left Starbucks in 1985 to open a coffee bar chain of his own, Il Giornale, which quickly garnered success. Two years later, with the help of investors, Schultz purchased Starbucks, merging Il Giornale with the Seattle company. Subsequently, he became CEO and chairman of Starbucks (known thereafter as the Starbucks Coffee Company). Schultz had to convince investors that Americans would actually shell out high prices for a beverage that they were used to getting for 50 cents. At the time, most Americans didn't know a high-grade coffee bean from a teaspoon of Nescafé instant coffee. In fact, coffee consumption in the United States had been going down since 1962.  In 2000, Schultz publicly announced that he was resigning as Starbucks' CEO. Eight years later, however, he returned to head the company. In a 2009 interview with CBS, Schultz said of Starbucks' mission, "We're not in the business of filling bellies; we're in the business of filling souls."Continued SuccessIn 2006, Howard Schultz was ranked No. 359 on Forbes magazine's "Forbes 400" list, which presents the 400 richest individuals in the United States. In 2013, he was ranked No. 311 on the same list, as well as No. 931 on Forbes's list of billionaires around the globe. Today, no one company sells more coffee drinks to more people in more places  than Starbucks. By 2012, Starbucks had grown to encompass more than 17,600 stores in 39 countries  around the world, and its market  capitalization was valued at $35.6 billion. By 2014, Starbucks had more than 21,000 stores worldwide and a market cap of $60 billion. The incredibly popular coffee company reportedly opens two or three new stores every day and attracts around 60 million customers per week. According to the company's website, Starbucks has been "committed to ethically sourcing and roasting the highest-quality arabica coffee in the world" since 1971.Support for Gay MarriageIn March 2013, Schultz made headlines and won wide applause after making  a statement in support of the legalization of gay marriage. After a  shareholder complained that Starbucks had lost sales due its support for  gay marriage (the company had announced its support for a referendum to  legalize gay union in the state of Washington), Schultz responded, "Not  every decision is an economic decision. Despite the fact that you  recite statistics that are narrow in time, we did provide a 38 percent  shareholder return over the last year. I don't know how many things you  invest in, but I would suspect not many things, companies, products,  investments have returned 38 percent over the last 12 months. Having  said that, it is not an economic decision to me. The lens in which we  are making that decision is through the lens of our people. We employ  over 200,000 people in this company, and we want to embrace diversity.  Of all kinds." The CEO then added, "If you feel, respectfully, that you  can get a higher return than the 38 percent you got last year, it's a  free country. You can sell your shares in Starbucks and buy shares in  another company. Thank you very much." Howard Schultz currently resides in Seattle, Washington, with his wife, Sheri (Kersch) Schultz, and two children, Jordan and Addison.Fact CheckWe strive for accuracy and fairness. If you see something that doesn't look right, contact us!Citation InformationArticle TitleHoward Schultz Biography.comAuthorBiography.com EditorsWebsite NameThe Biography.com websiteURLhttps://www.biography.com/people/howard-schultz-21166227Access DateJuly 27, 2017PublisherA&E Television NetworksLast UpdatedDecember 3, 2014Original Published Daten/a212SHARESBIO NEWSLETTERSign up to receive updates from BIO and A+E Networks.



MORE STORIES FROM BIO















                    Biography
                





                    Howard Johnson
                







                            (1897–1972)
                        



















                    Biography
                





                    Moe Howard
                







                            Comedian, Theater Actor, Film Actor
                        



                            (1897–1975)
                        



















                    Biography
                





                    Howard Hughes
                







                            Producer
                        



                            (1905–1976)
                        


















Loading…
See More


CloseCloseClose







Close
























of




















































SHOW INFO












ADVERTISEMENT





The life of Howard Schultz, who just gave US Starbucks workers a raise - Business Insider






































 





 




































































































Strategy























BI Intelligence
Events


 


















                                Trending                            



                                Tech Insider                            



                                Finance                            



                                Politics                            



                                Strategy                            



                                Life                            



                                Sports                            



                                Video                            



                                All                            






















 








×








From





To





 











          You have successfully emailed the post.
        






The story behind the rise of Starbucks' Howard Schultz, who just gave a raise to every US employee of his $82 billion coffee company










Tanza Loudenback












Jul. 11, 2016,  3:10 PM



240,743















facebook





linkedin





twitter





email





print





 






Starbucks Chairman and CEO Howard Schultz.Stephen Brashear/GettyThirty years ago, Howard Schultz got into the coffee business with one goal in mind: to enhance the personal relationship between people and their coffee.
He's now responsible for Starbucks, one of the world's most beloved brands and the largest coffee chain on the planet, with a market capitalization of $82 billion as of July. Last year, Starbucks' profits reached $2.8 billion on revenues of $19 billion, both record highs.
But Schultz isn't singularly focused on the traditional bottom line. He's a dynamic model of a progressive CEO who's as animated by social issues and employee welfare as he is profit margins. In fact, in a letter to employees on Monday, Schultz announced wage raises ranging from 5% to 15% for all US employees, effective October 3. The wage hike reinforces Schultz's longstanding commitment to investing in his employees' success, and it positions Starbucks as a key player in the biggest economic story in America today.
How did Schultz, who came from a "working poor" family in the Brooklyn projects, overcome adversity and grow a quaint Seattle coffeehouse into the world's largest coffee chain and a model for conscious capitalism?
Scroll through to learn the story behind Starbucks and its leading man.
Additional reporting by Shana Lebowitz.

 View As:
                                One Page
Slides










Schultz was born on July 19, 1953, in Brooklyn, New York. In an interview with Bloomberg, he said that growing up in the projects — "loosely described as the other side of the tracks" — exposed him to the world's wealth disparity.
YouTube/BloombergSource: Bloomberg





He experienced poverty at an early age. When Schultz was seven years old, his father broke his ankle while working as a truck driver picking up and delivering diapers. At the time, his father had no health insurance or worker's compensation, and the family was left with no income.
Bill Pugliano/Getty ImagesSource: "Pour Your Heart Into It"





In high school, Schultz played football and earned an athletic scholarship to Northern Michigan University. But by the time he started college, he decided he wasn't going to play football after all.
AP/Elaine Thompson
To pay for school, the communications major took out student loans and took up various jobs, including working as a bartender and even occasionally selling his blood.
Source: "Pour Your Heart Into It"





After graduation in 1975, Schultz spent a year working at a ski lodge in Michigan waiting for inspiration. He finally landed a job in the sales training program at Xerox, where he got experience cold-calling and pitching word processors in New York.
REUTERS/Chip EastSource: "Pour Your Heart Into It"





The work didn't fulfill him, so after three years he left to take a job at Hammarplast, a housewares business owned by a Swedish company called Perstorp. There, Schultz ascended the ranks to vice president and general manager, leading a team of salespeople out of the US office in New York.
YouTube/BloombergSource: "Pour Your Heart Into It"





It was at Hammarplast that he first encountered Starbucks. The coffee shop had a few stores in Seattle and caught his attention when it ordered an unusually large number of drip coffeemakers.
The three founders of Starbucks: Zev Siegl, Jerry Baldwin, and Gordon Bowker. (Howard Schultz is not pictured.)YouTube/Bloomberg Business
Intrigued, Schultz traveled to Seattle to meet the company's then owners, Gerald Baldwin and Gordon Bowker. He was struck by the partners' passion and their courage in selling a product that would appeal only to a niche of gourmet coffee enthusiasts.
Source: "Pour Your Heart Into It"





A year later, the then 29-year-old finally persuaded Baldwin to hire him as the director of retail operations and marketing. At the time, Starbucks had three stores, but it was selling pounds of coffee for home use, Schultz said.
The first Starbucks store still stands at Pike Place Market in Seattle, Washington.Flickr/John TregoningSource: Bloomberg, "Pour Your Heart Into It"





Schultz's career — and Starbucks' fate — changed forever when the company sent him to an international housewares show in Milan.
REUTERS/Alberto Lowe
While walking around the city, he encountered several espresso bars where owners knew their customers by name and served them drinks like cappuccinos and caffè lattes. Schultz had an "epiphany" the moment he understood the personal relationship that people could have with coffee.
Source: "Pour Your Heart Into It"





In 1985, Schultz left Starbucks after his ideas to cultivate an Italian-like experience for coffee lovers was rejected by the founders. He soon started his own coffee company: Il Giornale (Italian for "the daily").
Mario Tama/Getty ImagesSource: "Pour Your Heart Into It"





In order to get Il Giornale off the ground, Schultz had to raise more than $1.6 million.
Tina Fineberg/AP
Schultz wrote in his book, "Pour Your Heart Into It":
"In the course of the year I spent trying to raise money, I spoke to 242 people, and 217 of them said no. Try to imagine how disheartening it can be to hear that many times why your idea is not worth investing in. ... It was a very humbling time."





Schultz spent two years away from Starbucks, wholly focused on opening Il Giornale stores that replicated the coffee culture he'd seen in Italy. In August 1987, Il Giornale bought Starbucks for $3.8 million, and Schultz became CEO of Starbucks Corporation. At the time, there were six stores.
GettySource: "Pour Your Heart Into It," Bloomberg





America swiftly took a liking to Starbucks. In 1992, the company went public on the Nasdaq; its 165 stores pulled in $93 million in revenue that year.
Ted S. Warren/APThe world eventually caught on, and by 2000 Starbucks had grown into a global operation of more than 3,500 stores and $2.2 billion in annual revenue.





Starbucks' success made Schultz rich, and in 2001 he demonstrated his growing love for Seattle when he bought the NBA's SuperSonics for $200 million.
Otto Greule Jr/Getty ImagesBut the investment turned sour as the team struggled and Schultz feuded with players. In 2006, he sold the SuperSonics to a group of investors that moved the team to Oklahoma City, severely damaging his popularity in Seattle. He later called owning the team "a nightmare."





Running Starbucks came with setbacks, too. When Schultz returned as the company’s CEO in 2008 (he stepped back to serve as chairman during an eight-year hiatus) he spent a few years leading Starbucks' massive turnaround, tripling profits from $315 million to $945 million by 2010.
YouTube/AARP
Schultz's sea change included temporarily closing 7,100 US stores in order to retrain baristas on how to make the perfect espresso.
During that period, Starbucks also doubled its purchase of fair trade coffee to 40 million pounds (about 65% of its total product) to restore its commitment to sustainability. As of 2015, 99% of all Starbucks coffee is ethically sourced.





Throughout his career at Starbucks, Schultz has always prioritized his employees, whom he calls "partners." Last year, the company announced it would pay employees' full four-year college tuition through Arizona State University's online degree program.
Stephen Brashear/Getty
Largely because of Schultz's father's experience when he was injured, Starbucks became one of the first retail corporations to offer every employee (including part-time workers) complete healthcare coverage as well as stock options.
Source: The Associated Press





In July 2016, Schultz went even further in enhancing employee benefits by raising wages by at least 5% for more than 150,000 US employees. The move again positions Starbucks as a leader among corporate giants, specifically in the services economy, where the competition for labor is increasing.
Chip Somodevilla/Getty ImagesSource: Business Insider, Starbucks





The company is already more than halfway to its goal of hiring 10,000 military veterans and their spouses by 2018. And as part of the "100,000 Opportunities Initiative" — an employer-led alliance helping launch the careers of underprivileged youth — the company will hire 10,000 16- to 24-year-olds over the next three years.
Stephen Brashear / GettySources: Reuters, Starbucks





Schultz's ultimate goal for Starbucks is to use its global platform to better the world.
Chip Somodevilla/Getty
Schultz has wielded his influence to decry open carry gun laws, declare the importance of social diversity and inclusivity, and start a national conversation about race (even though that one backfired).
Recently, Starbucks launched FoodShare, a program to donate the stores' leftover ready-to-eat meals to food banks across the US. The coffee chain plans to donate nearly 50 million meals by 2021.





In the last 28 years, Schultz has grown the company to include more than 22,500 stores in 70 countries bringing in an annual revenue of $19.2 billion.
Stephen Brashear/Getty"I've always been driven and hungry," Schultz wrote in "Pour Your Heart Into It." "Long after others have stopped to rest and recover, I'm still running, chasing after something nobody else could ever see."





As Starbucks has continued to grow, so has Schultz's fortune. His net worth is estimated by Wealth-X to be at least $2.6 billion.
AP/Elaine ThompsonSchultz revealed in "Pour Your Heart Into It" that his tremendous professional success is a tribute to his late father, who "never attained fulfillment and dignity from work he found meaningful."





In his 2015 letter to shareholders, Schultz said he hopes Starbucks is "showing the world what’s possible when for-profit public companies go beyond what is expected and also do what is right — and what is in their hearts."
REUTERS/David Ryder







NOW READ: Meet the top 100 business visionaries creating value for the world

DON'T MISS: Starbucks is transforming coffee shops into bars — here's what it's like to go to one






            More:

                                                        Features
Starbucks
Howard Schultz
Entrepreneurship



Billionaires
Conscious Capitalism














facebook





linkedin





twitter





email





print














×





                    Recommended For You
        
        
Powered by Sailthru





























The story behind the rise of Starbucks' Howard Schultz, who just gave a raise to every US employee of his $82 billion coffee company
The story behind the rise of Starbucks' Howard Schultz, who just gave a raise to every US employee of his $82 billion coffee company

Thirty years ago, Howard Schultz got into the...

 
















Recommended For You







 














Disclaimer




























Featured






Apple is lagging the market as iPhone 8 woes mount


More "The Bottom Line" » 






Here's how much you need to save for college every year depending on when you start


More "Year by Year" » 




 





Strategy Emails & Alerts
            
Get the best of Business Insider delivered to your inbox every day.
Sign-Up







Get the Slide Deck from Henry Blodget's IGNITION Presentation on the Future of Digital


 
 
Read Business Insider On The Go
Available on iOS or Android
  







Find A Job




Tech Jobs


C-Level Jobs




Media Jobs


Design Jobs




Finance Jobs


Sales Jobs




See All Jobs »





Thanks to our partners






























Follow us on:












Also check out:






* Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our
                                                                Terms of Service                                and
                                                                                                Privacy Policy.

Disclaimer
Commerce Policy
Made in NYC




Stock quotes by finanzen.net



International Editions:
UKDEAUSINMYSGPLSENLFRITJP 





































Howard Schultz











































































Home


Top 50
How To
Magazine
Franchise 500
Spotlight







Subscribe





















Growth Strategies
















			Howard Schultz
		

				Starbucks' First Mate
			





							Image credit:

															Monica Dipres







---Shares










					October 10, 2008
				

Howard SchultzChairman & CEO of Starbucks Corp.Founded: 1971"I always wanted to do something to make a difference."-Howard SchultzEveryone knows Starbucks, the ubiquitous retail chain that, in the 1990s, turned coffee drinking into a national pastime. But few know Howard Schultz, the self-effacing chairman, CEO and mastermind behind Starbucks' astonishing growth. By bringing Italy's "coffeehouse culture" to the United States and packaging it for mass consumption, this maverick marketer transformed a little-known four-store chain in the leading retailer of specialty coffee in North America.Born in 1953, Schultz was raised in the rough and tumble Bay View housing project in Brooklyn, New York. His mother worked as a receptionist and his father held a variety of jobs, none of which paid much or offered such basic benefits as medical coverage for him and his family. When Schultz was 7, his father lost his job as a diaper-service delivery driver after breaking his ankle. At the time, sick pay or even legally mandated disability assistance were luxuries to those in low-paying jobs, and in the ensuing months, the family was literally too poor to put food on the table. It was a memory that Schultz would carry with him into adulthood.Determined to build a better life for himself, Schultz channeled his energy into high school sports and earned an athletic scholarship to Northern Michigan University. After graduating with a bachelor's degree in business in 1975, Schultz immediately began working in the sales and marketing division of Xerox Corp. Schultz excelled at Xerox, so much so that he attracted the attention of the Swedish housewares company Perstorp AB, which recruited him at the age of 26 to be vice president and general manager of their American subsidiary, Hammerplast USA.While at Hammerplast, Schultz noticed that a small Seattle company named Starbucks (after the first mate in Hermann Melville's classic Moby Dick) was buying an unusually high number of Hammerplast's espresso machines. Intrigued, he flew to Seattle to investigate and found four Starbucks outlets. Originally founded in 1971 as a single store near Seattle's famed Pike Street Market, Starbucks sold freshly roasted gourmet coffee beans as well as teas, spices and various coffee-making accessories.Impressed by Schultz's energy and marketing skills, Starbucks owners Gerald Baldwin and Gordon Bowker-who possessed very little business knowledge-asked Schultz to become part of their operation. Enticed by their offer, which included part ownership, Schultz joined Starbucks as head of its marketing and retail operations in 1982.A year later, during a vacation in Italy, Schultz had what he has described as an "epiphany." While sitting at one of Milan's many espresso bars, he realized that the coffee shop played an integral role in the social life of most Italians. It was a focal point for the neighborhood, where friends met, mingled and lingered at all hours of the day. "Seeing this, I thought to myself, 'Why not open a coffee bar in Seattle?' " Schultz recalls in an interview in The New York Times.Returning to Seattle, Schultz shared his epiphany with his fellow Starbucks owners. Although coffee was brewed in the shops, it was done so only at the request of customers and dispensed as free samples, and Baldwin and Bowker were unwilling to move beyond the stores' core product offerings.Convinced he had hit upon something big, Schultz left Starbucks in 1986 to open his own espresso bar called Il Giornale (The Daily). The venture was a hit. Schultz wanted to open more shops, but didn't have the funding he needed to expand. In a quirky twist of fate, a year later he learned that Baldwin and Bowker wished to sell their outlets, so after rounding up investors from the Seattle area, Schultz purchased the original Starbucks chain for $3.8 million and merged the stores with his own.Once in charge, Schultz set out to completely overhaul Starbucks according to his vision. In addition to the $1-per-cup "basic" brew, he expanded Starbucks' offerings to include more exotic coffee beverages such as espresso, cappuccino, café latte, iced coffee and café mocha. He also sought to create a more appealing atmosphere for his customers-the proverbial "clean, well-lighted place" where they could relax and enjoy their coffee in comfort.But the most radical change Schultz made was to improve the way his company dealt with its employees. Convinced that friendly, efficient service would boost sales, he instituted a training program designed to groom knowledgeable employees who would enjoy working behind a counter, an occupation considered by many to be menial labor. "Service is a lost art in America.it's not viewed as a professional job to work behind a counter," Schultz says. "We don't believe that. We want to provide our people with dignity and self-esteem, so we offer tangible benefits." Among the benefits Schultz offers is complete health-care coverage to both full- and part-time employees, as well as stock options, practices that are virtually unheard of in corporate America. As a result of Schultz's vision, Starbucks experienced unprecedented growth throughout the 1990s, blossoming from 425 stores in 1994 to more than 2,200 stores in 1998. And the company is on target to break the $2 billion in the year 2000.With annual sales topping $1.7 billion in 1999, Starbucks Corp. reigned as the nation's No. 1 specialty coffee retailer. Quite an impressive achievement for a blue-collar kid from the projects. But despite Starbucks' phenomenal success, what Howard Schultz seems most proud of is not how much he has earned, but the kind of company he has created. "My dad was a blue-collar worker," Schultz explains in an Inc. magazine interview. "He didn't have health insurance or benefits, and I saw firsthand the debilitating effect that had on him and on our family. I decided if I was ever in the position to make a contribution to others in that way, I would. My greatest success has been that I got to build the kind of company my father never got to work for." The Benefit Of BenefitsHoward Schultz credits Starbucks Corp.'s benefits policy as one of the keys to his company's dramatic growth. By extending health benefits to all employees, Schultz has created a more dedicated work force and promoted an extremely high level of customer service. He has also achieved a turnover rate that is less than half the average of other fast-food businesses, saving the company countless thousands in training costs and enhancing its ability to attract and retain good employees.Another benefit that makes Starbucks stand out from its competitors is its stock-option plan. Dubbed "bean stock," unlike most plans, which are only available to top executives, Starbucks gives stock options to everyone in the company. "My aim was to give our employees a vested interest in the company," Schultz says. "And that, I think, has made all the difference." Cartoons And CoffeeOne of the true "good guys" of the business world, Howard Schultz's philanthropic endeavors have extended beyond just helping his employees have better lives. One of his major philanthropic concerns has been helping to improve literacy in America. To this end, in 1998, Starbucks formed an unprecedented partnership with Pulitzer Prize-winning cartoonist Garry Trudeau to create products to benefit local literacy programs across America. The collection marked the first time that a series of licensed Doonesbury products had been sold in retail stores. The series featured such Doonesbury characters as Duke, Mike, Kim and Zonker on T-shirts, tumblers, ceramic mugs, coffee gift cards and limited-edition lithographs. 





Radicals & Visionaries
Grow Your Business
Employee Benefits
Icons
















Next Article


						Want to Work at Apple, Facebook or Other Tech Giants? Here's What You Need to Know.
					

Read Now



Next Article:
			Want to Work at Apple, Facebook or Other...
		


 











Skip Advertisement
			This ad will close in 15 seconds...
		






OK
This website uses cookies to allow us to see how our website and related online services are being used. By continuing to use this website, you consent to our cookie collection. More information about how we collect cookies is found here.
















Stay Informed. Be Inspired.
Receive customized news, stories and solutions direct to your inbox. 
Enter your email





Invalid Email












Starbucks’s Chief Tries to Recapture Its Heyday - NYTimes.com



























































Log In
Register Now
Help



Home Page
Today's Paper
Video
Most Popular
Times Topics


 





Search All NYTimes.com












Business Day





World
 
U.S.
 
N.Y. / Region
 
Business
 
Technology
 
Science
 
Health
 
Sports
 
Opinion
 
Arts
 
Style
 
Travel
 
Jobs
 
Real Estate
 
Autos



















Global
DealBook
Markets
Economy
Energy
Media
Personal Tech
Small Business
Your Money









A Changed Starbucks. A Changed C.E.O.

Stuart Isett for The New York Times
Some Starbucks locations, including one in downtown Seattle, have been updated to make them feel more like a neighborhood shop. 
 
 By CLAIRE CAIN MILLER

Published: March 12, 2011    






Sign In to E-Mail


Print




 









Reprints











SEATTLE        



  
 Multimedia






Graphic



Return of the Native







 


Related

Timeline: Howard Schultz and Starbucks

Go to Timeline 


Add to Portfolio

Apple Inc
Green Mountain Coffee Incorporated
Starbucks Corp
Dell Inc
McDonald's Corp

Go to your Portfolio »



Enlarge This Image




Ramin Talaie/Bloomberg News
Starbucks is expanding in new directions, with ventures like instant coffee.                            



Enlarge This Image




Stuart Isett for The New York Times
Some Starbucks locations, including one in downtown Seattle, have been updated. New stores are being decorated with local woods and art, to make them feel more like a neighborhood shop.                            




RAISE your hand if you remember when Starbucks seemed cool.        
Anyone?        
Think back. To before the planet groaned with 17,000 Starbucks shops. Before the pumpkin spice lattes and the Ciao Amore CDs. Before the Strawberries & Crème Frappuccino ice cream, the Starbucks cream liqueur, the Pinkberry-inspired Sorbetto.        
In short, to before Howard D. Schultz and his trenta-size ambition turned a few coffeehouses here into the vast corporate Empire of the Bean.        
The world has often seemed three espressos behind Mr. Schultz — which is why the low-key guy sitting in his office here doesn’t quite seem like Howard Schultz.        
Did he just say “but”? As in, “We have won in many ways, but ...”? Was that a “we” instead of an “I”? A note of humility?        
Yes, this is Howard Schultz: the man who willed Starbucks onto so many street corners — and then, for a moment, looked as if he might lose it all.        
Not even Mr. Schultz could have predicted how Starbucks would change our culture when its first shop opened here, in Pike Place Market, on March 30, 1971. Like it or not, Starbucks became, for many of us, what we talk about when we talk about coffee. It changed how we drink it (on a sofa, with Wi-Fi, or on the subway), how we order it (“for here, grande, two-pump vanilla, skinny extra hot latte”) and what we are willing to pay for it ($4.30 for the aforementioned in Manhattan).        
But during the depths of the recession, Starbucks nearly drowned in its caramel macchiato. After decades of breakneck expansion under Mr. Schultz, tight-fisted consumers abandoned it. The company’s sales and share price sank so low that insiders worried Starbucks might become a takeover target.        
So, after an eight-year hiatus, an alarmed Mr. Schultz returned as chief executive in January 2008. He shut 900 shops, mostly in the United States, drastically cut costs and put the company back on course.        
Friends and colleagues say this hellish experience left Mr. Schultz a changed man. Starbucks, these people say, is no longer “The Howard Schultz Show.” The adjective that many use to characterize his new self is “humble” — a word that few would have applied to him before.        
“Everything Starbucks did in the past, more or less, had worked,” Mr. Schultz said in an interview in January at the company’s headquarters, with a view of Puget Sound south of downtown Seattle. “Every store we opened was successful, every city, every country.”        
He continued: “Growth had a life of its own — and that’s O.K., when you’re hitting the cover off the ball every time, but at some point, nothing lasts forever.”        
One thing hasn’t changed: the man dreams big. In that same interview, Mr. Schultz spoke of expanding into still more products and in markets like China. He is pushing, of all things, a brand of instant coffee. The words “Starbucks Coffee” were just removed from the company’s green mermaid logo because he wants to waltz his brand up and down the grocery aisles. On Thursday, he announced that the company had struck a deal with Green Mountain Coffee Roasters to distribute Starbucks coffee and teas for Keurig single-serving systems. Shares of Starbucks jumped nearly 10 percent on the news, reaching their highest level since 2006. The stock closed at $36.56 on Friday.        
Mr. Schultz and his colleagues say Starbucks will keep its feet on the ground this time, but some outsiders have doubts. Detractors say Starbucks long ago ceded its role as a gourmet tastemaker to become a “billions-and-billions served” chain like McDonald’s. Starbucks — “Charbucks,” to those who complain that its heavily roasted coffee tastes burned — will never rekindle the old romance, these people say.        
“Has anybody said they came back because people love the coffee again?” asks Bryant Simon, a history professor at Temple University and author of “Everything but the Coffee: Learning About America From Starbucks.”        
“They came back because they’re remaking themselves as a brand that competes on value, largely — a brand that’s everywhere, easily accessible, predictable,” Mr. Simon says.        
HOWARD SCHULTZ, now 57, is a tall, sinewy man with a toothy grin and a silky sales pitch. He rarely sticks to script, preferring to speak off the cuff, whatever his audience. In conversations, he leans in, locks eyes and gives the impression that, right now, there is no one else in the world he would rather be talking to. When he speaks of “soul” and “authenticity” and “love,” you could almost forget that he runs a multibillion-dollar business that has become an uneasy symbol of globalization. Or that the British actor Rupert Everett once likened Starbucks to a metastasizing cancer.        
The story of Mr. Schultz’s life and career has been told many times, not least by Mr. Schultz. (His second book, “Onward: How Starbucks Fought for Its Life Without Losing Its Soul,” is to be published on March 29.) But some highlights bear repeating:        
He grew up poor in the Bay View housing projects in Canarsie, Brooklyn, received a football scholarship to Northern Michigan University and, after a variety of jobs, joined the fledging Starbucks in 1982, as head of marketing. Inspired by Italy’s coffee culture, he left Starbucks and opened his own coffee shop. Then, in 1987, he bought Starbucks, which at the time had all of six shops. By 1995, Starbucks had 677 shops. By 2000, it had 3,501, and that year Mr. Schultz stepped aside as C.E.O.        
And so it went for Starbucks, one success after another, until the recession hit and exposed the company’s overreach to the world.        
In December 2007, Mr. Schultz was worried that the Starbucks brand was losing its luster, and he and the board decided that in the new year, they would push aside Jim Donald and announce that Mr. Schultz would return as C.E.O. That month, Mr. Schultz, his wife, Sheri, and their two children flew to Hawaii for their annual getaway.        
But on the beach in Kona, he just couldn’t relax. He kept checking the company’s daily sales figures and was horrified to see that they were falling by double digits.        
Also in Hawaii then was his friend Michael Dell, who had recently returned to run Dell Inc. On a long bicycle ride along the coast, Mr. Dell told Mr. Schultz that when he returned to Dell, he wrote what he called a “transformational agenda.” Mr. Schultz then created his own plan for Starbucks.        
His goals were to fix troubled stores, to rekindle an emotional attachment with customers and to make longer-term changes like reorganizing executives and revamping the supply chain.        
He returned to Seattle, handed copies of his plan to the company’s senior executives and posed the big question: Are you in, or are you out? Eight of those top 10 executives have since departed.        
“What the company needed then was what he used to be to us — the innovation, the refusal to not be a champion,” says Troy Alstead, the chief financial officer. “A lot of people were questioning, in that span before he came back, ‘Were we done?’ And Howard came back, and it wasn’t even a question anymore.”        
MR. SCHULTZ usually rises at 4 a.m., without an alarm, downs a Starbucks Sumatran coffee at home, followed by a short double latte or espresso macchiato from one of two Starbucks stores he visits on his way to work. He arrives in his office by 6:30.        
Friends and colleagues agree that he is as fanatical as ever about Starbucks. Millard Drexler, the chief executive of J. Crew, recently e-mailed Mr. Schultz to complain that the coffee lids at a Starbucks on Astor Place in Manhattan kept spilling coffee on his shirt. Mr. Schultz’s reply: “On it.”        
Mr. Drexler, who has a habit of e-mailing C.E.O.’s with complaints, says: “I can give you many more examples when they say, ‘I’ll send this to a research department or a gatekeeper.’ ” But, he says of Starbucks, “to have that kind of quality control they have around the world is pretty extraordinary.”        
It was on such a morning in early 2008 that Mr. Schultz was convinced he had a product that would re-energize the company’s tired sales. It was called Sorbetto after the Italian for “sorbet,” and the drink was a twist on Pinkberry, the frozen yogurt chain in which Mr. Schultz is an investor.        
Mr. Schultz had flown to Italy to taste the ingredients of his new product and thought he had the next Frappuccino. By that summer, 300 Starbucks locations in California were bathed in pink to promote the new drink. Starbucks had shipped in ingredients from Italy, and Mr. Schultz had primed investors.        
But customers didn’t like the sugary concoction. And neither did Starbucks baristas, who had to spend an hour and a half cleaning the Sorbetto machines at the end of their shifts. A few months later, Mr. Schultz abandoned Sorbetto.        
“Sorbetto, we did too quickly, and that was my fault,” Mr. Schultz says.        
The headlong introduction was a mistake, but it was also classic Schultz.        
“He likes things moving quickly, he likes people to be decisive, he’s got this energy level, this need for driving and for winning, and I think at times it’s hard for some people to keep up,” says Michelle Gass, the president of Seattle’s Best Coffee, which Starbucks owns. After his missteps, Ms. Gass says, Mr. Schultz has become more disciplined and a better listener.        
Mr. Schultz concedes that he can no longer run Starbucks through the Cult of Howard. And he readily acknowledges that he badly misread the economy and underestimated the extent to which his customers would pull back during the recession.        
At the time, he says, he had a hard time accepting that Starbucks would become a poster child for excess.        
After his return, he halted new store openings and, with a P.R. flourish, closed every Starbucks in the nation for three hours to retrain baristas. The chain ran its biggest ad campaign ever, emphasizing the quality and freshness of its coffee. It ordered baristas to dump brewed coffee after 30 minutes.        
But growth in same-store sales dipped below zero for the first time ever, and the company’s share price kept falling. It was a new feeling for Mr. Schultz, like the A student who breezes into college and then gets C’s.        
Executives concluded that Starbucks had to close 200 American shops. The board suggested 600. Executives said that if sales and the economy got worse, they would also cut $400 million in costs. The board said no, let’s start cutting costs immediately, while closing locations. Starbucks ultimately closed 900 locations worldwide and cut $580 million in costs. As the decline in same-store sales neared 10 percent, board members asked executives to model what would happen if the sales slide hit 20 percent — which once would have been unthinkable.        
“Nobody knew where the bottom was,” recalls James G. Shennan Jr., a venture capitalist who has been on the company’s board since 1990. “The general agreement around the table was we better have the doomsday plan.”        
In December 2008, almost a year after he returned as C.E.O., Mr. Schultz flew to New York on the company jet. He and his team were scheduled to meet with analysts from Wall Street, where Mr. Schultz, once a darling, was now being doubted as never before.        
On the plane, he reviewed the grim quarterly numbers: Profits were underwhelming, and holiday sales looked dreadful. Just before the meeting, the company’s chief financial officer, Pete Bocian, resigned.        
Mr. Schultz reread the script for the presentation — and didn’t like what he saw. He worried that the stock price might drop so low that someone would swoop in and buy the company.        
He summoned his executives to his Fifth Avenue apartment. Late into the night, around the dining room table, they revised the presentation.        
The next day, as the executives rehearsed, Mr. Schultz kept interrupting. Vivek Varma, who had recently joined Starbucks as head of public affairs, told him that he should leave.        
No one could remember anyone talking like that to Mr. Schultz. But he left. The next day, he and the other executives painted a somber picture for analysts and laid out the recovery plans. Rather than plunge, the company’s share price rose 20 cents that day.        
Over the next year, Starbucks made much deeper and more difficult changes than Mr. Schultz had originally envisioned. By April 2009, same-store sales, though still down from a year earlier, were finally rising. By the holidays, they had turned positive.        
INSTANT coffee: the very words leave a bad taste in many people’s mouths. But Starbucks has been developing instant coffee in earnest since 2006. Mr. Schultz says his industry considers instant a “death category.” It is, however, a $20 billion one.        
Before he returned, Mr. Schultz complained that if Apple could develop the iPod in less than a year, Starbucks could surely develop an instant coffee in that time. Finally, in January 2009, the new product, Via, was scheduled for a full-scale introduction.        
But there was a problem: market research was showing that skeptical customers needed a lesson about instant coffee. Some executives worried that a big rollout might flop. Ms. Gass and a few others told Mr. Schultz that Starbucks should delay Via and introduce it in two cities before going national.        
“That was hard for him,” Ms. Gass says. But rather than overrule his executives, as he might have in the past, Mr. Schultz agreed. It turned out to be the right decision. After testing Via in Seattle and Chicago, Starbucks rewrote the plan for a nationwide introduction. For instance, instead of just giving away free samples, which customers forgot in the bottom of their briefcases, purses and backpacks, it prepared Via in the stores and gave customers a blind taste test.        
In 2010, sales of Via were over $200 million. The instant coffee is now also sold in grocery stores and in Britain, Canada, Japan and the Philippines.        
The methodical introduction of Via offered a sharp contrast to the old Howard Schultz whose gut told him — wrongly — that Sorbetto would be a winner. But he has also gone so far as to embrace big-company ideas like focus groups, which he used to shun. Delegating, and accepting other people’s conclusions, is now easier for him. “There’s been more arguing, challenging and debate in the last two to three years than there’s ever been,” says Mr. Alstead, the chief financial officer.        
Mr. Schultz’s take: “What leadership means is the courage it takes to talk about things that, in the past, perhaps we wouldn’t have, because I’m not right all the time.”        
Born entrepreneurs are not necessarily born managers. You need creativity and drive to start a company, discipline and delegation to run one. In the last year, people who work closely with Mr. Schultz say, he has shown he can make the leap.        
Perhaps the bigger question is whether Mr. Schultz can, as he likes to say, preserve Starbucks’s soul, or whatever soul it has left. In a switch, the company is designing new stores with local woods, furniture and art, to make them feel more like a neighborhood shop. It is also buying specialty beans in limited supply, as artisanal shops do.        
Whether Starbucks can recapture a neighborhood feel, as Mr. Schultz insists, is anyone’s guess. For many people, especially in areas where carefully made, lighter-roast coffee from the likes of Stumptown and Intelligentsia is trendy, Starbucks has become a place to go for free Wi-Fi, or to use the restroom, or to buy a coffee on the go.        
There is a market for a convenient coffee chain, as the recent Starbucks sales rebound shows. But some customers and analysts say that the mass-market approach conflicts with Mr. Schultz’s vision of a global giant that somehow feels local everywhere.        
Mr. Simon of Temple University says: “When you’re selling stuff people don’t need, you’ve got to be selling something else, and that’s what Starbucks lost. There’s a kind of dissonance between the messaging and the actual practice.”        
Mr. Schultz no longer plans to blanket the United States with new Starbucks stores, sometimes with multiple locations on one block — a practice that inspired a contest on Flickr to see how many Starbucks shops people could fit into a single photograph. Instead, like so many other executives, he has his sights on China. Starbucks already has roughly 430 stores in mainland China and plans to have 1,500 there by 2015. India beckons as well. The company also plans to sell a wider variety of drinks and foods in grocery stores and its own shops, like Kind fruit and nut bars, which Starbucks put on the map.        
IT may be difficult to believe, but there was a time when McDonald’s was a novelty. But, like Ray Kroc, who took over a small hamburger business and built it into the most successful fast food operation in the world, Mr. Schultz has learned that growth can be seductive, and that it can exact a price.        
Starbucks and its leader are more measured than during his last stint in the corner office. “I think we are very conscious of the things that we have done wrong over the years, particularly when we just got caught up in the growth phase,” says Mr. Shennan, the Starbucks director. “We are not going to do that again under Howard’s management, I tell you, or the current board’s.”        
In January, three years after his return, Mr. Schultz stood before 1,100 employees at the headquarters here. Three thousand more from around the world were patched in via Webcast. The company had finished its strongest holiday season ever, and Mr. Schultz had just unveiled its new, “coffee”-less logo. Yet his words were laced with caution.        
“We have won in many ways,” he said, “but I feel it’s so important to remind us all of how fleeting success and winning can be.”         



 






A version of this article appeared in print on March 13, 2011, on page BU1 of the New York edition.



 









Sign In to E-Mail


Print




 Reprints
















Get Free E-mail Alerts on These Topics









Starbucks Corp




Coffee




Coffeehouses




Executives and Management










 

 







 

 

 

 



 

 

 



 

 















 

            Inside NYTimes.com        








Health &raquo 



Too Hot to Handle





Arts » 



The Harmony of Liberty




Opinion »
Should Beach Privatization Be Allowed?
Room for Debate asks whether shorefront homeowners should have to open their land to all comers.





Sports » 



A Woman’s Leadership May Steady Murray










Opinion » 



Menagerie: Streaming Eagles





U.S. »




Curlers’ Aim: Sweep to a Win Over the Heat





Television » 



The Cold War Brews Anew in Prime Time





Book Review » 



Command Performance





Opinion » 



Op-Ed: Fooling Mexican Fans





World »




Reading, Writing and Allegations




Opinion »
Op-Ed: Elite, Separate, Unequal
New York City’s top public schools must become more diverse.





Business »




Vice Has Media Giants Salivating










Home

World


U.S.


N.Y. / Region


Business


Technology


Science


Health


Sports


Opinion


Arts


Style


Travel


Jobs


Real Estate


Autos

Back to Top
 
© 2011 The New York Times Company
Privacy
Your Ad Choices
Terms of Service
Corrections
RSS
First Look
Help
Contact Us
Work for Us
Advertise
Site Map


















Company Information | Starbucks Coffee Company








































Beat the Heat with Summer Coffee RecipesExplore »











skip to Main Navigation
skip to Main Content
skip to Footer

Starbucks Coffee Company




Search this site


My Bag


Find a Store

Sign In





Navigation




Coffee


TEA


Menu


Coffeehouse


Social Impact


Card


Blog


Shop















Search











Your bag is empty.
Go shopping










Our Coffees
Whole Bean CoffeeGround CoffeeVerismo® PodsK-Cup® PodsStarbucks Reserve® CoffeeStarbucks VIA®Portion PacksCoffee SubscriptionsView All Coffees
Find Your Perfect CoffeeStarbucks Reserve® Roastery & Tasting Room
Starbucks Reserve® CoffeesStarbucks Reserve® Roastery Subscriptions
Espresso Beverages
Latte MacchiatoDoppioAmericanoEspresso MacchiatoFlat WhiteCappuccinoLatteCaramel MacchiatoMocha
How to Brew Great Coffee
Coffee PressPour-OverIced Pour-OverCoffee BrewerVerismo® System
Ethical Sourcing
CoffeeFarming Communities
Learn More
Starbucks At HomeLearn About the Starbucks RoastLearn About Coffee FormsFlavors in Your CupThe Clover® Brewing SystemMy Starbucks IdeaCoffee FAQs
Cold Brew Coffee1912 Pike Blog

Looking for Coffee Beverages?
Freshly Brewed CoffeeStarbucks Espresso BeveragesFrappuccino® Blended Beverages


Pitcher perfectEnjoy bold, smooth Nariño 70 Cold Brew at home. Pitcher Packs »




Handcrafted Teas
Iced TeasTea LattesBrewed TeasBottled Craft Iced TeaNutritionAll Handcrafted Teas
Tea Favorites
Full-Leaf Tea SachetsMatchaIced Tea at HomeTea Filled TinsTea SamplersTea SubscriptionsWellness TeaAll Teas
Loose-Leaf Teas
Black TeaGreen TeaWhite TeaHerbal TeaChai TeaRooibos TeaOolong TeaAll Loose-Leaf Teas
Teaware
Tea Starter KitsTeavana® Perfectea MakersRock SugarTumbler CupsBreville® Tea MakersTea InfusersTea MakersAll Teaware
Gifts
Tea SamplersTea SubscriptionsTea Gift SetsTeavana eGiftTeavana Gift CardTea Starter KitsTea Gifts under $25Tea Gifts under $50Tea Gifts under $75Tea Gifts under $100All Tea Gifts
Learn More
MixologyMatchaTea 101About Teavana
New ArrivalsSale


Iced RefreshmentA tea for every taste. Explore teas »




Drinks
Bottled DrinksFreshly Brewed CoffeeCold Brew and Iced CoffeeEvolution Fresh™Chocolate BeveragesEspresso BeveragesFrappuccino® Blended BeveragesKids’ Drinks & OthersSmoothiesFizzio™ Handcrafted SodasStarbucks Refreshers™ BeveragesTeas
Food
BakeryStarbucks PetitesProtein BoxesHot BreakfastSandwiches, Paninis & SaladsYogurt, Fruit & SpreadsStarbucks Snack CollectionStarbucks Mercato
Nutrition
Food NutritionDrink NutritionDelicious Drinks Under 200 CaloriesFavorite Foods Under 350 Calories
Learn More
My Starbucks IdeaMenu FAQs



New & improvedEggs & Cheese now comes with two cage-free eggs. All Protein Boxes have at least 20 g of protein. See all options »




Wi-Fi
Starbucks Digital Network
Starbucks Mobile
Starbucks® App for iPhone®Starbucks® App for Android™Starbucks® App for Windows® 10Mobile Order & PayDeliveryStarbucks Music
Online Community
MyStarbucksIdea.comSocial Media Terms and Conditions
Store Design
Learn More
My Starbucks IdeaCoffeehouse FAQsStore Locator


Looking for Something Else?
Cool down. Charge up.About UsCoffee


Send Starbucks in iMessageGive gifts to friends right through your phone.




Community
Refugee HiringOpportunity for YouthCommunity StoresStarbucks FoundationCommunity ServiceVeterans and Military SupportDiversity and InclusionFarming CommunitiesOur Hometown(STARBUCKS) REDFoodshare
Ethical Sourcing
Supplier Diversity ProgramCoffeeTeaCocoaManufactured Goods
Environment
LEED® Certified StoresRecycling & Reducing WasteWater and Energy ConservationClimate Change
Global Responsibility Report Goals & Progress
Learn More
College PlanConflict Minerals DisclosureRelationshipsPoliciesCA Supply Chains ActCommunity Investment FAQs


Looking for Starbucks Information?
About UsCoffeeSmall Changes Add Up to a Big Impact


Every day you help put a barista’s name on a college diploma. See how »




Buy a Card
Give a Gift by EmailGive a Gift by MailCorporate Buying
Manage Your Card
Check BalanceReload Your CardTransfer FundsView TransactionsReport Lost/Stolen
Starbucks Rewards™
Register Your CardEnter a Star CodeView Your StarsRewards Program Terms of UseCurrent Members
Learn More
Card Terms and ConditionsWhat is a Starbucks eGift Card?eGift SupportCard FAQsManage Your AccountMy Starbucks Idea


Looking for Starbucks Mobile Applications?
Get the Starbucks® app


Show your prideCelebrate LGBTQ pride with a Starbucks Card. Send an eGift »




Farm To Cup
Follow the journey your coffee takes
How To
Become a pro with these step-by-step guides
Recipes
Shake up your coffee routine
Taste & Drinks
Expand your coffee knowledge
People
Meet the coffee enthusiasts behind your cup
Places
Tour Starbucks® stores around the world



 A fun new way to explore the world of Starbucks® coffee.Learn more »




Coffee
Whole Bean and GroundStarbucks Verismo PodsStarbucks K-Cup® PodsStarbucks VIA® Instant CoffeeStarbucks VIA® Instant Refreshers BeveragesPortion PacksStarbucks Reserve® Coffee
Tea
Black TeaChai TeaGreen TeaHerbal TeaWhite TeaIced TeaTeavana
Drinkware
Cups and MugsTumblers and Travel MugsCold CupsStarbucks® Local Collection
Equipment
Coffee PressesCoffee MakersEspresso MakersGrindersTeapots and Tea KettlesVerismo® System
Gifts
Find the perfect gift for everyone on your list.
Subscriptions
Reserve® Coffee Subscription
Card
Email a Gift CardStarbucks CardBuy a Starbucks CardCorporate Buying
Learn More
My Starbucks IdeaShop FAQs


Looking for the Menu?
Cool down. Charge up.FoodAll Starbucks® Coffees






Company Information


To say Starbucks purchases and roasts high-quality whole bean coffees is very true. That’s the essence of what we do – but it hardly tells the whole story.
Our Heritage
Every day, we go to work hoping to do two things: share great coffee with our friends and help make the world a little better. It was true when the first Starbucks opened in 1971, and it’s just as true today.
Back then, the company was a single store in Seattle’s historic Pike Place Market. From just a narrow storefront, Starbucks offered some of the world’s finest fresh-roasted whole bean coffees. The name, inspired by Moby Dick, evoked the romance of the high seas and the seafaring tradition of the early coffee traders.
In 1981, Howard Schultz (Starbucks chairman and chief executive officer) had first walked into a Starbucks store. From his first cup of Sumatra, Howard was drawn into Starbucks and joined a year later.
In 1983, Howard traveled to Italy and became captivated with Italian coffee bars and the romance of the coffee experience. He had a vision to bring the Italian coffeehouse tradition back to the United States. A place for conversation and a sense of community. A third place between work and home. He left Starbucks for a short period of time to start his own Il Giornale coffeehouses and returned in August 1987 to purchase Starbucks with the help of local investors.
From the beginning, Starbucks set out to be a different kind of company. One that not only celebrated coffee and the rich tradition, but that also brought a feeling of connection.
Our mission to inspire and nurture the human spirit – one person, one cup, and one neighborhood at a time.
Expect More Than Coffee
We’re not just passionate purveyors of coffee, but everything else that goes with a full and rewarding coffeehouse experience. We also offer a selection of premium teas, fine pastries and other delectable treats to please the taste buds. And the music you hear in store is chosen for its artistry and appeal.
It’s not unusual to see people coming to Starbucks to chat, meet up or even work. We’re a neighborhood gathering place, a part of the daily routine – and we couldn’t be happier about it. Get to know us and you’ll see: we are so much more than what we brew.
We make sure everything we do is through the lens of humanity – from our commitment to the highest quality coffee in the world, to the way we engage with our customers and communities to do business responsibly.
Learn More About Us


Company Profile 
    A closer look at us.


Timeline 
    Our history from 1971 on.


Recognition 
    Awards and honors we've received.







Our Company


Business Ethics and Compliance
Inclusion at Starbucks
Corporate Governance
Online Policies
ANNUAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS


2016 World’s Most Ethical Company®For the 10th year in a row, the Ethisphere Institute has named Starbucks to the list.Starbucks NewsroomRead more and join the discussion through the Starbucks Newsroom.


Visit our Newsroom
Starbucks Global Social Impact Goals & ProgressLearn about our 2016 Goals & Progress





About Us .
Our Company













Facebook




Twitter




Google Plus




Pinterest




Instagram






Join our email list


Join our email list





Get Started
















About Us


 

Our Company 

Investor Relations 

Newsroom 




Career Center


 

Working at Starbucks 

College Plan 

Current Partners 

Corporate Careers 

Manufacturing and Distribution 

Retail Careers 

International Careers 




For Business


 

Office Coffee 

Starbucks Coffee International 

Foodservice 

Licensed Stores 

Starbucks Card Corporate Sales 

Landlord Support Center 

Suppliers 




Online Community


 

Twitter 

Facebook 

Instagram 

LinkedIn 

Pinterest 

YouTube 

My Starbucks Idea 




Quick Links 


My Account 

Store Locator 

Nutrition Info 

Customer Service 











Change Region
English 




Web AccessibilityPrivacy PolicyTerms of UseContact UsPartnersSite Map



© 2017 Starbucks Corporation.  All rights reserved.




















Rags-to-riches story of Howard Schultz - Business Insider





































 





 




































































































Strategy























BI Intelligence
Events


 


















                                Trending                            



                                Tech Insider                            



                                Finance                            



                                Politics                            



                                Strategy                            



                                Life                            



                                Sports                            



                                Video                            



                                All                            






















 







×








From





To





 











          You have successfully emailed the post.
        







×




     








From the projects to a $2.3 billion fortune — the inspiring rags-to-riches story of Starbucks CEO Howard Schultz












Shana Lebowitz












May 30, 2015,  8:54 AM



20,184




 








facebook





linkedin





twitter





email





print





 











Howard Schultz is the CEO
  of Starbucks, one of the world's most valuable
  brands.
Spencer
  Platt/Getty




  Growing up in New York City housing projects, 
  Howard Schultz says he never dreamed of going into business.

Schultz certainly never imagined he'd one day
  run a global coffee chain and have a net worth estimated at $2.3
  billion, according to Wealth-X.


  The chairman and CEO of Starbucks writes in his book "Pour
  Your Heart Into It" that he was raised in a working-class
  Jewish family in Canarsie, Brooklyn.


  While his mother Elaine tended to him and his siblings full-time
  (she later became a receptionist), his father Fred held a series
  of blue-collar positions, including truck driver, factory worker,
  and cab driver.


  In 1961, when Schultz was 7 years old, his father broke his ankle
  while working as a truck driver picking up and delivering
  diapers. At the time, Fred had no health insurance or worker's
  compensation, and the family was left with no income.


  Today, Schultz writes, he still remembers the way his father
  looked laying on the couch with his leg in a cast. In a way, his
  tremendous professional success is a tribute to his father, who
  died years later and "never attained fulfillment and dignity from
  work he found meaningful."


  Almost from the outset, Schultz's career path was different from
  his parents. In high school, he played football and earned an
  athletic scholarship to Northern Michigan University, becoming
  the first college graduate in his family.


  After graduation, Schultz landed a job in the sales training
  program at Xerox, where he got experience cold-calling and
  pitching word processors. In a few years, he took a job at
  Hammarplast, a housewares business owned by a Swedish company
  called Perstorp. There Schultz ascended the ranks to vice
  president and general manager, leading a team of salespeople.


  Despite his seeming success, Schultz writes that he was "getting
  antsy. It may be a weakness in me: I'm always wondering what I'll
  do next."


  Or perhaps it was because he hadn't yet found what he would
  discover in Starbucks: "what it means when your work truly
  captures your heart and your imagination."





The first Starbucks store
  in Pike Place Market in Seattle. The store, opened in 1971,
  retains its original facade and logo.
Flickr/Román Emin




  Schultz first encountered Starbucks when he was working at
  Hammarplast. The coffee shop had four stores in
  Seattle and caught his attention when it ordered an unusually
  large number of drip coffeemakers.


  Intrigued, Schultz traveled to Seattle to meet the company's then
  owners, Gerald Baldwin and Gordon Bowker. He was struck by the
  partners' passion and their courage in selling a product that
  would appeal only to a small niche of gourmet coffee enthusiasts.


  Joining Starbucks would mean moving across the country and taking
  a significant pay cut, but Schultz was certain it would be the
  right move for him. It took a year to persuade Baldwin to hire
  him as the director of marketing.


  Schultz's career — and Starbucks's fate — changed forever when
  the company sent him to an international housewares show in
  Milan. While walking around the city, he encountered several
  espresso bars where owners knew their customers by name and
  served them drinks like cappuccinos and cafe lattes.


  "It was like an epiphany," Schultz writes of the moment he
  understood the personal relationship that people could have to
  coffee. He was convinced that Starbucks should start serving
  espresso drinks the Italian way — that Starbucks should be an
  experience, and not just a store. 


  Baldwin and Bowker, however, felt differently. In 1985 Schultz
  decided to leave Starbucks to start his own coffee company: Il
  Giornale (Italian for "the daily").


  He spent two years away from Starbucks, wholly focused on opening
  Il Giornale stores that replicated the coffee culture he'd seen
  in Italy. It caught on quickly. In 1987, Il Giornale bought
  Starbucks, and Schultz became CEO of Starbucks Corporation.
  


  Throughout his career at Starbucks, Schultz's first priority has
  been his employees' well-being, he says. Largely
  because of his father's experience when he was injured, Schultz
  offered all his employees (including part-time workers) complete
  healthcare coverage as well as stock options. Last year,
  Starbucks announced it would 
  pay for employees' college tuition.


  Schultz has also been committed to maintaining the quality of his
  product. In 2008, when Starbucks was struggling financially, he
  
  temporarily closed 7,100 US stores in order to retrain
  baristas on how to make the perfect espresso. Over the next two
  years, he led Starbucks' massive turnaround.





Howard Schultz attends a
  Chinese Starbucks opening in 2006.
Getty




  Today, there are more than 21,000
  Starbucks stores in 65 countries, and the company is valued
  at $77 billion.


  Although it's been years since he was a college football player,
  Schultz writes that he still identifies with the persona of the
  blue-collar athlete whose determination and perseverance more
  than compensate for his lack of training.


  "I've always been driven and hungry," Schultz
  says. "Long after others have stopped to rest and
  recover, I'm still running, chasing after something nobody else
  could ever see."




SEE ALSO: From welfare to one of the world's wealthiest women — the incredible rags-to-riches story of J.K. Rowling




NOW WATCH: Scientists figured out how to avoid making a bad first impression








            More:

                                                        Wealth
Success
Billionaires
Howard Schultz



Starbucks



















facebook





linkedin





twitter





email





print















×





                    Recommended For You
        
        
Powered by Sailthru





























From the projects to a $2.3 billion fortune — the inspiring rags-to-riches story of Starbucks CEO Howard Schultz
From the projects to a $2.3 billion fortune — the inspiring rags-to-riches story of Starbucks CEO Howard Schultz

Growing up in New York City housing projects...




















Recommended For You







 














Disclaimer




























Featured






Apple is lagging the market as iPhone 8 woes mount


More "The Bottom Line" » 






Here's how much you need to save for college every year depending on when you start


More "Year by Year" » 




 





Strategy Emails & Alerts
            
Get the best of Business Insider delivered to your inbox every day.
Sign-Up







Get the Slide Deck from Henry Blodget's IGNITION Presentation on the Future of Digital


 
 
Read Business Insider On The Go
Available on iOS or Android
  







Find A Job




Tech Jobs


C-Level Jobs




Media Jobs


Design Jobs




Finance Jobs


Sales Jobs




See All Jobs »





Thanks to our partners






























Follow us on:












Also check out:






* Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our
                                                                Terms of Service                                and
                                                                                                Privacy Policy.

Disclaimer
Commerce Policy
Made in NYC




Stock quotes by finanzen.net



International Editions:
UKDEAUSINMYSGPLSENLFRITJP 






































About Us | Starbucks Coffee Company








































Beat the Heat with Summer Coffee RecipesExplore »











skip to Main Navigation
skip to Main Content
skip to Footer

Starbucks Coffee Company




Search this site


My Bag


Find a Store

Sign In





Navigation




Coffee


TEA


Menu


Coffeehouse


Social Impact


Card


Blog


Shop















Search











Your bag is empty.
Go shopping










Our Coffees
Whole Bean CoffeeGround CoffeeVerismo® PodsK-Cup® PodsStarbucks Reserve® CoffeeStarbucks VIA®Portion PacksCoffee SubscriptionsView All Coffees
Find Your Perfect CoffeeStarbucks Reserve® Roastery & Tasting Room
Starbucks Reserve® CoffeesStarbucks Reserve® Roastery Subscriptions
Espresso Beverages
Latte MacchiatoDoppioAmericanoEspresso MacchiatoFlat WhiteCappuccinoLatteCaramel MacchiatoMocha
How to Brew Great Coffee
Coffee PressPour-OverIced Pour-OverCoffee BrewerVerismo® System
Ethical Sourcing
CoffeeFarming Communities
Learn More
Starbucks At HomeLearn About the Starbucks RoastLearn About Coffee FormsFlavors in Your CupThe Clover® Brewing SystemMy Starbucks IdeaCoffee FAQs
Cold Brew Coffee1912 Pike Blog

Looking for Coffee Beverages?
Freshly Brewed CoffeeStarbucks Espresso BeveragesFrappuccino® Blended Beverages


Pitcher perfectEnjoy bold, smooth Nariño 70 Cold Brew at home. Pitcher Packs »




Handcrafted Teas
Iced TeasTea LattesBrewed TeasBottled Craft Iced TeaNutritionAll Handcrafted Teas
Tea Favorites
Full-Leaf Tea SachetsMatchaIced Tea at HomeTea Filled TinsTea SamplersTea SubscriptionsWellness TeaAll Teas
Loose-Leaf Teas
Black TeaGreen TeaWhite TeaHerbal TeaChai TeaRooibos TeaOolong TeaAll Loose-Leaf Teas
Teaware
Tea Starter KitsTeavana® Perfectea MakersRock SugarTumbler CupsBreville® Tea MakersTea InfusersTea MakersAll Teaware
Gifts
Tea SamplersTea SubscriptionsTea Gift SetsTeavana eGiftTeavana Gift CardTea Starter KitsTea Gifts under $25Tea Gifts under $50Tea Gifts under $75Tea Gifts under $100All Tea Gifts
Learn More
MixologyMatchaTea 101About Teavana
New ArrivalsSale


Iced RefreshmentA tea for every taste. Explore teas »




Drinks
Bottled DrinksFreshly Brewed CoffeeCold Brew and Iced CoffeeEvolution Fresh™Chocolate BeveragesEspresso BeveragesFrappuccino® Blended BeveragesKids’ Drinks & OthersSmoothiesFizzio™ Handcrafted SodasStarbucks Refreshers™ BeveragesTeas
Food
BakeryStarbucks PetitesProtein BoxesHot BreakfastSandwiches, Paninis & SaladsYogurt, Fruit & SpreadsStarbucks Snack CollectionStarbucks Mercato
Nutrition
Food NutritionDrink NutritionDelicious Drinks Under 200 CaloriesFavorite Foods Under 350 Calories
Learn More
My Starbucks IdeaMenu FAQs



New & improvedEggs & Cheese now comes with two cage-free eggs. All Protein Boxes have at least 20 g of protein. See all options »




Wi-Fi
Starbucks Digital Network
Starbucks Mobile
Starbucks® App for iPhone®Starbucks® App for Android™Starbucks® App for Windows® 10Mobile Order & PayDeliveryStarbucks Music
Online Community
MyStarbucksIdea.comSocial Media Terms and Conditions
Store Design
Learn More
My Starbucks IdeaCoffeehouse FAQsStore Locator


Looking for Something Else?
Cool down. Charge up.About UsCoffee


Send Starbucks in iMessageGive gifts to friends right through your phone.




Community
Refugee HiringOpportunity for YouthCommunity StoresStarbucks FoundationCommunity ServiceVeterans and Military SupportDiversity and InclusionFarming CommunitiesOur Hometown(STARBUCKS) REDFoodshare
Ethical Sourcing
Supplier Diversity ProgramCoffeeTeaCocoaManufactured Goods
Environment
LEED® Certified StoresRecycling & Reducing WasteWater and Energy ConservationClimate Change
Global Responsibility Report Goals & Progress
Learn More
College PlanConflict Minerals DisclosureRelationshipsPoliciesCA Supply Chains ActCommunity Investment FAQs


Looking for Starbucks Information?
About UsCoffeeSmall Changes Add Up to a Big Impact


Every day you help put a barista’s name on a college diploma. See how »




Buy a Card
Give a Gift by EmailGive a Gift by MailCorporate Buying
Manage Your Card
Check BalanceReload Your CardTransfer FundsView TransactionsReport Lost/Stolen
Starbucks Rewards™
Register Your CardEnter a Star CodeView Your StarsRewards Program Terms of UseCurrent Members
Learn More
Card Terms and ConditionsWhat is a Starbucks eGift Card?eGift SupportCard FAQsManage Your AccountMy Starbucks Idea


Looking for Starbucks Mobile Applications?
Get the Starbucks® app


Show your prideCelebrate LGBTQ pride with a Starbucks Card. Send an eGift »




Farm To Cup
Follow the journey your coffee takes
How To
Become a pro with these step-by-step guides
Recipes
Shake up your coffee routine
Taste & Drinks
Expand your coffee knowledge
People
Meet the coffee enthusiasts behind your cup
Places
Tour Starbucks® stores around the world



 A fun new way to explore the world of Starbucks® coffee.Learn more »




Coffee
Whole Bean and GroundStarbucks Verismo PodsStarbucks K-Cup® PodsStarbucks VIA® Instant CoffeeStarbucks VIA® Instant Refreshers BeveragesPortion PacksStarbucks Reserve® Coffee
Tea
Black TeaChai TeaGreen TeaHerbal TeaWhite TeaIced TeaTeavana
Drinkware
Cups and MugsTumblers and Travel MugsCold CupsStarbucks® Local Collection
Equipment
Coffee PressesCoffee MakersEspresso MakersGrindersTeapots and Tea KettlesVerismo® System
Gifts
Find the perfect gift for everyone on your list.
Subscriptions
Reserve® Coffee Subscription
Card
Email a Gift CardStarbucks CardBuy a Starbucks CardCorporate Buying
Learn More
My Starbucks IdeaShop FAQs


Looking for the Menu?
Cool down. Charge up.FoodAll Starbucks® Coffees






About Us


It happens millions of times each week – a customer receives a drink from a Starbucks barista – but each interaction is unique. 
It’s just a moment in time – just one hand reaching over the counter to present a cup to another outstretched hand.
But it’s a connection.
We make sure everything we do honors that connection – from our commitment to the highest quality coffee in the world, to the way we engage with our customers and communities to do business responsibly.
From our beginnings as a single store over forty years ago, in every place that we’ve been, and every place that we touch, we've tried to make it a little better than we found it.



About Us

Our Heritage
Company Information

What is the role and responsibility of a for-profit, public company?
ANNUAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS


Starbucks NewsroomRead more and join the discussion through the Starbucks Newsroom.


Visit our Newsroom
Starbucks Global Social Impact Goals & ProgressLearn about our 2016 Goals & Progress





About Us












Facebook




Twitter




Google Plus




Pinterest




Instagram






Join our email list


Join our email list





Get Started
















About Us


 

Our Company 

Investor Relations 

Newsroom 




Career Center


 

Working at Starbucks 

College Plan 

Current Partners 

Corporate Careers 

Manufacturing and Distribution 

Retail Careers 

International Careers 




For Business


 

Office Coffee 

Starbucks Coffee International 

Foodservice 

Licensed Stores 

Starbucks Card Corporate Sales 

Landlord Support Center 

Suppliers 




Online Community


 

Twitter 

Facebook 

Instagram 

LinkedIn 

Pinterest 

YouTube 

My Starbucks Idea 




Quick Links 


My Account 

Store Locator 

Nutrition Info 

Customer Service 











Change Region
English 




Web AccessibilityPrivacy PolicyTerms of UseContact UsPartnersSite Map



© 2017 Starbucks Corporation.  All rights reserved.



















Onward | Starbucks Coffee Company






































Beat the Heat with Summer Coffee RecipesExplore »











skip to Main Navigation
skip to Main Content
skip to Footer

Starbucks Coffee Company




Search this site


My Bag


Find a Store

Sign In





Navigation




Coffee


TEA


Menu


Coffeehouse


Social Impact


Card


Blog


Shop















Search











Your bag is empty.
Go shopping










Our Coffees
Whole Bean CoffeeGround CoffeeVerismo® PodsK-Cup® PodsStarbucks Reserve® CoffeeStarbucks VIA®Portion PacksCoffee SubscriptionsView All Coffees
Find Your Perfect CoffeeStarbucks Reserve® Roastery & Tasting Room
Starbucks Reserve® CoffeesStarbucks Reserve® Roastery Subscriptions
Espresso Beverages
Latte MacchiatoDoppioAmericanoEspresso MacchiatoFlat WhiteCappuccinoLatteCaramel MacchiatoMocha
How to Brew Great Coffee
Coffee PressPour-OverIced Pour-OverCoffee BrewerVerismo® System
Ethical Sourcing
CoffeeFarming Communities
Learn More
Starbucks At HomeLearn About the Starbucks RoastLearn About Coffee FormsFlavors in Your CupThe Clover® Brewing SystemMy Starbucks IdeaCoffee FAQs
Cold Brew Coffee1912 Pike Blog

Looking for Coffee Beverages?
Freshly Brewed CoffeeStarbucks Espresso BeveragesFrappuccino® Blended Beverages


Pitcher perfectEnjoy bold, smooth Nariño 70 Cold Brew at home. Pitcher Packs »




Handcrafted Teas
Iced TeasTea LattesBrewed TeasBottled Craft Iced TeaNutritionAll Handcrafted Teas
Tea Favorites
Full-Leaf Tea SachetsMatchaIced Tea at HomeTea Filled TinsTea SamplersTea SubscriptionsWellness TeaAll Teas
Loose-Leaf Teas
Black TeaGreen TeaWhite TeaHerbal TeaChai TeaRooibos TeaOolong TeaAll Loose-Leaf Teas
Teaware
Tea Starter KitsTeavana® Perfectea MakersRock SugarTumbler CupsBreville® Tea MakersTea InfusersTea MakersAll Teaware
Gifts
Tea SamplersTea SubscriptionsTea Gift SetsTeavana eGiftTeavana Gift CardTea Starter KitsTea Gifts under $25Tea Gifts under $50Tea Gifts under $75Tea Gifts under $100All Tea Gifts
Learn More
MixologyMatchaTea 101About Teavana
New ArrivalsSale


Iced RefreshmentA tea for every taste. Explore teas »




Drinks
Bottled DrinksFreshly Brewed CoffeeCold Brew and Iced CoffeeEvolution Fresh™Chocolate BeveragesEspresso BeveragesFrappuccino® Blended BeveragesKids’ Drinks & OthersSmoothiesFizzio™ Handcrafted SodasStarbucks Refreshers™ BeveragesTeas
Food
BakeryStarbucks PetitesProtein BoxesHot BreakfastSandwiches, Paninis & SaladsYogurt, Fruit & SpreadsStarbucks Snack CollectionStarbucks Mercato
Nutrition
Food NutritionDrink NutritionDelicious Drinks Under 200 CaloriesFavorite Foods Under 350 Calories
Learn More
My Starbucks IdeaMenu FAQs



New & improvedEggs & Cheese now comes with two cage-free eggs. All Protein Boxes have at least 20 g of protein. See all options »




Wi-Fi
Starbucks Digital Network
Starbucks Mobile
Starbucks® App for iPhone®Starbucks® App for Android™Starbucks® App for Windows® 10Mobile Order & PayDeliveryStarbucks Music
Online Community
MyStarbucksIdea.comSocial Media Terms and Conditions
Store Design
Learn More
My Starbucks IdeaCoffeehouse FAQsStore Locator


Looking for Something Else?
Cool down. Charge up.About UsCoffee


Send Starbucks in iMessageGive gifts to friends right through your phone.




Community
Refugee HiringOpportunity for YouthCommunity StoresStarbucks FoundationCommunity ServiceVeterans and Military SupportDiversity and InclusionFarming CommunitiesOur Hometown(STARBUCKS) REDFoodshare
Ethical Sourcing
Supplier Diversity ProgramCoffeeTeaCocoaManufactured Goods
Environment
LEED® Certified StoresRecycling & Reducing WasteWater and Energy ConservationClimate Change
Global Responsibility Report Goals & Progress
Learn More
College PlanConflict Minerals DisclosureRelationshipsPoliciesCA Supply Chains ActCommunity Investment FAQs


Looking for Starbucks Information?
About UsCoffeeSmall Changes Add Up to a Big Impact


Every day you help put a barista’s name on a college diploma. See how »




Buy a Card
Give a Gift by EmailGive a Gift by MailCorporate Buying
Manage Your Card
Check BalanceReload Your CardTransfer FundsView TransactionsReport Lost/Stolen
Starbucks Rewards™
Register Your CardEnter a Star CodeView Your StarsRewards Program Terms of UseCurrent Members
Learn More
Card Terms and ConditionsWhat is a Starbucks eGift Card?eGift SupportCard FAQsManage Your AccountMy Starbucks Idea


Looking for Starbucks Mobile Applications?
Get the Starbucks® app


Show your prideCelebrate LGBTQ pride with a Starbucks Card. Send an eGift »




Farm To Cup
Follow the journey your coffee takes
How To
Become a pro with these step-by-step guides
Recipes
Shake up your coffee routine
Taste & Drinks
Expand your coffee knowledge
People
Meet the coffee enthusiasts behind your cup
Places
Tour Starbucks® stores around the world



 A fun new way to explore the world of Starbucks® coffee.Learn more »




Coffee
Whole Bean and GroundStarbucks Verismo PodsStarbucks K-Cup® PodsStarbucks VIA® Instant CoffeeStarbucks VIA® Instant Refreshers BeveragesPortion PacksStarbucks Reserve® Coffee
Tea
Black TeaChai TeaGreen TeaHerbal TeaWhite TeaIced TeaTeavana
Drinkware
Cups and MugsTumblers and Travel MugsCold CupsStarbucks® Local Collection
Equipment
Coffee PressesCoffee MakersEspresso MakersGrindersTeapots and Tea KettlesVerismo® System
Gifts
Find the perfect gift for everyone on your list.
Subscriptions
Reserve® Coffee Subscription
Card
Email a Gift CardStarbucks CardBuy a Starbucks CardCorporate Buying
Learn More
My Starbucks IdeaShop FAQs


Looking for the Menu?
Cool down. Charge up.FoodAll Starbucks® Coffees






Onward: How Starbucks Fought for Its Life without Losing Its Soul


What is Onward?In 2008, Howard Schultz made the decision to return as the CEO of Starbucks to help the company restore financial health and return to its core values. In Onward, he shares the remarkable story of his return, revealing how, during one of the most tumultuous economic times in history, Starbucks again achieved profitability and sustainability without sacrificing humanity. Now available in paperback.
#1 New York Times Bestseller
Onward is hope.
It’s bringing 10,000 employees to New Orleans to rebuild hurricane-ravaged neighborhoods because—contrary to what critics feared—the emotional capital the event built would be well worth the cost. 
Onward is conscience. 
It's refusing to cut health care for thousands of part-time baristas, despite pressure from outsiders who insist doing so would save the company.
Onward is innovation.
It's a journey that started 20 years ago in a northern California kitchen to develop a revolutionary product that most people insist will fail – and then successfully launching it.
Onward is courage.
It's admitting imperfection by closing thousands of Starbucks stores for an afternoon, at the cost of millions of dollars, to retrain baristas on the craft of pouring the perfect shot of espresso.
Onward is tough choices.
It's closing someone's favorite coffee shop forever, then asking talented people to leave the company, all with compassion and humanity.
Onward is responsibility.
It's a woman in the Starbucks corporate office in Seattle hearing about a coffee farmer in Rwanda who dreams of owning a cow so her children can have fresh milk – and granting that wish.
Buy Onward NowBuy Onward now and all of Howard Schultz's proceeds will go to the Starbucks Foundation. Buy Now >Book Tour Kickoff EventWatch the 3/28 kickoff event.  Watch the video >The Starbucks FoundationOur organization is dedicated to helping our community and people in need. Learn more >



Explore Onward

Excerpt from Onward
Reviews
Buy Onward Now













Facebook




Twitter




Google Plus




Pinterest




Instagram






Join our email list


Join our email list





Get Started
















About Us


 

Our Company 

Investor Relations 

Newsroom 




Career Center


 

Working at Starbucks 

College Plan 

Current Partners 

Corporate Careers 

Manufacturing and Distribution 

Retail Careers 

International Careers 




For Business


 

Office Coffee 

Starbucks Coffee International 

Foodservice 

Licensed Stores 

Starbucks Card Corporate Sales 

Landlord Support Center 

Suppliers 




Online Community


 

Twitter 

Facebook 

Instagram 

LinkedIn 

Pinterest 

YouTube 

My Starbucks Idea 




Quick Links 


My Account 

Store Locator 

Nutrition Info 

Customer Service 











Change Region
English 




Web AccessibilityPrivacy PolicyTerms of UseContact UsPartnersSite Map



© 2017 Starbucks Corporation.  All rights reserved.
















                         Starbucks’ CEO sent this bizarre memo telling baristas to be nicer because of the stock turmoil - The Washington Post                                                                          2         Desktop notifications are on   | Turn off      Get breaking news alerts from  The Washington Post   Turn on desktop notifications?  Yes Not now    It looks like you've previously blocked notifications. Please update your browser permissions to allow them.                    Subscribe       Account Profile Newsletters & Alerts Gift Subscriptions Contact Us Help Desk              Accessibility for screenreader                Share on Facebook  Share on Twitter  Share on Google Plus  Share via Email  Share on LinkedIn  Share on Pinterest  Share on Tumblr           Resize Text Print Article  Comments             The inside track on Washington politics.     Be the first to know about new   stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published.    You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published.    You’re all set!       Sign up   *Invalid email address   Got it   Got it                                   Business   Starbucks’ CEO sent this bizarre memo telling baristas to be nicer because of the stock turmoil               The inside track on Washington politics.     Be the first to know about new   stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published.    You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published.    You’re all set!       Sign up   *Invalid email address   Got it   Got it                 By Drew Harwell  By Drew Harwell   August 24, 2015  Follow @drewharwell       Starbucks chairman and chief executive Howard Schultz speaks during a press conference at the Opportunity Fair and Forum in Chicago earlier this month. (Peter Wynn Thompson/AP Images for 100,000 Opportunities Initiative)  If the only person who soothed you during Monday’s stock-market chaos was an extra-friendly Starbucks barista, thank Howard Schultz. In a flowery memo to the chain’s 190,000 employees (called “partners” in Starbucks lingo), the coffee giant’s billionaire chairman and chief executive told baristas to be especially sensitive to the customers asking them for a cup of joe. “Today’s financial market volatility, combined with great political uncertainty both at home and abroad, will undoubtedly have an effect on consumer confidence and … our customers are likely to experience an increased level of anxiety and concern,” Schultz wrote in his “Message from Howard” morning email, which Starbucks provided to the Washington Post. “Please recognize this and – as you always have – remember that our success is not an entitlement, but something we need to earn, every day,” Schultz continued. “Let’s be very sensitive to the pressures our customers may be feeling, and do everything we can to individually and collectively exceed their expectations.” Schultz, 62, has long been a believer in the greater social good achievable at the cappuccino machine. He was the driving force behind Starbucks’ ridiculed “Race Together” campaign, which encouraged baristas to write the phrase on cups while talking with customers about America’s racial tensions. That campaign was an outgrowth of the chain’s 2012 “Come Together” campaign, designed to urge lawmakers to avoid the fiscal cliff. [Why Starbucks chief Howard Schultz put himself at the center of America’s race debate] The free-spirited social pushes have helped cement Schultz as one of the more outspoken — and, as critics say, tone-deaf — executives in corporate America’s typically taciturn upper ranks. In 2006, the Brooklyn-born billionaire told “60 Minutes,” “We’re not in the business of filling bellies. We’re in the business of filling souls.” That executive-as-statesman social posturing has fueled speculation that he’s eyeing the presidency, though Schultz says he’d rather stay in business: “Despite the encouragement of others,” he wrote earlier this month, “I have no intention of entering the presidential fray.” [People keep asking Starbucks CEO Howard Schultz if he’s running for president—and he keeps saying no] It’s unclear just how many bad days were saved due to Starbucks’ employees’ added compassion. But the campaign is part of a broader push to catapult Starbucks into the spotlight with a reputation that’s hard to buy: As a warm-hearted corporate behemoth who always keeps Americans’ (caffeine and personal) needs in mind.   The full memo is printed below: To: Starbucks partners; managing directors for company-operated and joint venture markets Date: August 24, 2015 Re: Message from Howard: Leading Through Turbulent Times Dear Partners, During our 23-year history as a public company, we have experienced – and successfully navigated through – several periods of extreme stock market volatility. And although we are not immune from the global stock market selloff that has now made its way to Wall Street, my confidence in our company and in all of you has never been greater. We are in the midst of another record-setting year – combining our unique “third place” in-store experience with highly relevant coffee and tea innovation and differentiated customer-facing mobile and digital technologies. We are making a profound social impact in the communities we serve around the world, and will continue to do so today and into the future. Our company has weathered many different types of storms. But our brand has never been stronger or more relevant. Our pipeline of new products and breakthrough innovation has never been more robust. And our long term commitment to delivering an elevated partner experience is unwavering. I can assure you that we will continue to lead and manage the company through the lens of humanity, doing everything we possibly can to continue to make your families proud of our company and all we stand for. You have my word on this. Today’s financial market volatility, combined with great political uncertainty both at home and abroad, will undoubtedly have an effect on consumer confidence and perhaps even our customers’ attitudes and behavior. Our customers are likely to experience an increased level of anxiety and concern. Please recognize this and – as you always have – remember that our success is not an entitlement, but something we need to earn, every day. Let’s be very sensitive to the pressures our customers may be feeling, and do everything we can to individually and collectively exceed their expectations. Our growth plans for the future of our company will not be impacted by the turmoil of the financial markets. We will positively manage through today’s challenging environment just as we have positively navigated through challenging moments in the past. The experience we deliver in our stores, the strength and equity of our brand, and the primary reason for our current and future success is because of all of YOU. I believe in you and have never been prouder to be your partner. Onward, Howard         business  business     false after3th true          Please provide a valid email address.           Sign up      You’re all set!   See all newsletters                Comments           Share on FacebookShare       Share on TwitterTweet     Share via Email                  Drew Harwell is a national business reporter at The Washington Post.  Follow @drewharwell                      Show Comments       Discussion Policy     Comments       SuperFan Badge SuperFan badge holders consistently post smart, timely comments about Washington area sports and teams. More about badges | Request a badge   Culture Connoisseur Badge Culture Connoisseurs consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on the arts, lifestyle and entertainment. More about badges | Request a badge   Fact Checker Badge Fact Checkers contribute questions, information and facts to The Fact Checker. More about badges | Request a badge   Washingtologist Badge Washingtologists consistently post thought-provoking, timely comments on events, communities, and trends in the Washington area. More about badges | Request a badge   Post Writer Badge This commenter is a Washington Post editor, reporter or producer.   Post Forum Badge Post Forum members consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on politics, national and international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge   Weather Watcher Badge Weather Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on climates and forecasts. More about badges | Request a badge   World Watcher Badge World Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge   Post Contributor Badge This commenter is a Washington Post contributor. Post contributors aren’t staff, but may write articles or columns. In some cases, contributors are sources or experts quoted in a story. More about badges | Request a badge   Post Recommended Washington Post reporters or editors recommend this comment or reader post.   You must be logged in to report a comment. Sign in here   You must be logged in to recommend a comment. Sign in here   Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers.All comments are posted in the All Comments tab. More about badgesGet a badge  To pause and restart automatic updates, click "Live" or "Paused". If paused, you'll be notified of the number of additional comments that have come in.    Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers.          Spam Offensive Disagree Off-Topic        Among the criteria for featured comments: likes by users, replies by users, previous history of valuable commenting, and selection by moderators.                 Facebook  Twitter  Reddit     StumbleUpon  Digg                            Most Read        1    Analysis  The inevitability of North Korea’s nuclear weapons       2   Russia demands U.S. reduce diplomatic staff in new round of conflict over election hacking       3   Romans are about to go eight hours a day without water       4   ‘He was trying to kill us’: New video contradicts Jordanian accounts of how 3 U.S. soldiers were killed       5   The Latest: Pakistan’s Imran Khan hails PM disqualification            The story must be told. Subscribe to The Washington Post.   Subscribe           business  business     Success! Check your inbox for details.        Please enter a valid email address    You might also like:                 Sign Up No Thanks   See all newsletters        Market Watch            DJIA -0.05% NASDAQ -0.33%     Get quote     Last Update: 11:11 AM 07/28/2017(DJIA&NASDAQ)        washingtonpost.com © 1996-2017 The Washington Post   Help and Contact Us Terms of Service Privacy Policy Print Products Terms of Sale Digital Products Terms of Sale Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices           Close video player   Now Playing                       Read content from allstate           Content from Allstate  This content is paid for by an advertiser and published by WP BrandStudio. The Washington Post newsroom was not involved in the creation of this content. Learn more about WP BrandStudio.   We went to the source. Here’s what matters to millennials. A state-by-state look at where Generation Y stands on the big issues.                                                     




Starbucks's CEO Sent an Extraordinary Email to Employees During the Stock Market Chaos | Inc.com









 






















































































































































You're about to be redirectedWe notice you're visiting us from a region where we have a local version of Inc.com.READ THIS ARTICLE ON or remain on inc.com






















Startup 







Best Industries


Funding


Incubators


Business Plans


Naming


Home-Based Business


The UPS StoreView




Grow 







MB Vans


Strategy


Operations


Sales


Marketing


Customer Service


Franchises


Build




Lead 







Company Culture


Productivity


Public Speaking


Hiring


HR/Benefits


Women Entrepreneurs


Rising Stars


T-MobileView




Innovate 







Creativity


Invent


Design


Pivot




Technology 







Cloud Computing


Social Media


Security


Big Data




Money 







Bootstrapping


Crowdfunding


Venture Capital


Borrowing


Business Models


Personal Finance




Inc. 5000 







The 2016 US List


The 2017 Europe List


Apply Inc. 5000 US




Special Reports 







Notes to My Younger Self


Disruptive 25


Best Workplaces


Icons of Entrepreneurship


Best Industries


30 Under 30


Extreme Entrepreneurship


Main Street


World's Coolest Offices


College Startups


Founders 10


Design Awards




Video 







Tip Sheet


The Playbook


Founders Forum


Peak Performance


Women Who Lead


Notes to My Younger Self


World's Coolest Offices


How I Did It


Lift


Inc. Tested


Drinks With…


GrowCo 2017


Origin Stories


Inc. Live




Events 







Full Schedule


Inc. Women's Summit


Inc.5000 Conference & Gala


Iconic


GrowCo Conference




Inc. BrandView 

NEWSLETTERS 

MAGAZINE 

PARTNER CONTENT 







Inc. BrandView


Inc. Branded Content


Inc. Franchise




PODCASTS 

SUBSCRIBE 

ADVERTISE 

INC. RADIO 

INC. BUSINESS HUB 







Inc. Verified Profile


Inc. Plus


Send Press Releases


Plan for your business


Secure Funding


Get Published




OTHER EDITIONS 







Inc. ASEAN


Inc. Arabia




SITEMAP 

PRIVACY 

PRESS QUERIES 

AD CHOICE 






 





































 Search


Newsletters


Follow


Subscribe








































Today's Must Reads






Inc. Events & Offers





Inc. Partner Events & Offers




























Forgot Password?




 Enter your email to reset your password











Or sign up using: 




































New member? Sign up now.
Sign in if you're already registered.


 
 
































Get Inc. Straight to Your Inbox
SIGN UP FOR TODAY'S 5 MUST READS


Sign Me Up


































													  ICONS OF ENTREPRENEURSHIP
													







Starbucks's CEO Sent an Extraordinary Email to Employees During the Stock Market Chaos


Did you notice your Starbucks barista was even nicer than usual yesterday? Here's why.






 By Justin Bariso


Justin Bariso is an author and a consultant who helps organizations think differently and communicate with impact. In 2016, LinkedIn named him the “Top Voice” in “Management and Culture.”  His forthcoming book, EQ, Applied,  shares fascinating research, modern examples, and personal stories that illustrate how emotional intelligence works in the real world.
@JustinJBariso 


Founder, Insight@JustinJBariso 










4 COMMENTS























Howard Schultz.
CREDIT: Getty Images










#GreatFallOfChina.
That was one of the top trending hashtags on Twitter yesterday, after more than$1 trillion was wiped from Asian markets, sending the Dow plunging again (it closed for the day down 588 points). You could say the recent events have left a number of people ... on edge.
This fact did not go unnoticed by Howard Schultz, Starbucks' chief executive. And he also made sure Starbucks employees were well aware of the situation--all 190,000 of them.
In a compelling memo sent yesterday, the billionaire chairman eased employees' ("partners" in Starbucks-speak) worries and encouraged them to show special consideration for consumers:

Our customers are likely to experience an increased level of anxiety and concern. Please recognize this and--as you always have--remember that our success is not an entitlement, but something we need to earn, every day. Let's be very sensitive to the pressures our customers may be feeling, and do everything we can to individually and collectively exceed their expectations.

(You can read the memo in full below.)
Love him or hate him, you have to give this to Schultz: He makes a difference.
Critics say it's too much. For example, they cite Schultz's idea earlier this year that began Starbucks' "Race Together" campaign, which asked baristas to start a conversation with customers about race relations in America by writing the phrase on to-go coffee cups. Popular opinion ruled the concept ill-conceived and out-of-touch.
One could similarly dismiss Schultz's latest move as naive, but I'm not one of those people. Here's what I think CEOs and business owners everywhere can learn from Schultz's email:
Stay connected.
Leadership and culture start at the top. It would have been easy for Schultz to read the news and move on, neglecting the opportunity to have any type of impact on his employees. (It's what the vast majority of CEOs did yesterday.)
But Schultz took advantage of a great opportunity to exert positive influence--in this case, inspiring his people to improve their customer service on what would certainly be a depressing day for many.
If you wonder how much of a role that plays in the long run, think about this: How did Starbucks become the largest coffeehouse company on earth? Is its coffee really so much better than everyone else's?
People around the world continue to seek "the Starbucks experience." Schultz's leadership, with his attention to customer service, is a big part of that.
Dignify and praise others.
Schultz (and his communications team) did an exceptional job in crafting yesterday's memo.
It's not just the use of please and thank you. It's not the reassurance to workers that Starbucks, a public company, is doing well and will continue to do so despite the market turmoil. It's not even about the praise Schultz doles out to his employees ... er, partners, when he says "the strength and equity of our brand, and the primary reason for our current and future success is because of all of YOU" and "I believe in you and have never been prouder to be your partner."
It's not only one of those things; it's all of them. Which helps explain why Schultz enjoys a 91 percent approval rating from Starbucks employees on Glassdoor.
This all inevitably leads to the following questions:
Is Howard Schultz really the all-around nice guy that he seems to be? Judge for yourself.
Is Howard Schultz a shrewd and savvy businessman, and a remarkable CEO? Definitely.
Here is yesterday's full memo, as released by The Washington Post:
To: Starbucks partners; managing directors for company-operated and joint venture marketsDate: August 24, 2015Re: Message from Howard: Leading Through Turbulent Times

Dear Partners,
During our 23-year history as a public company, we have experienced--and successfully navigated through--several periods of extreme stock market volatility. And although we are not immune from the global stock market selloff that has now made its way to Wall Street, my confidence in our company and in all of you has never been greater. We are in the midst of another record-setting year--combining our unique "third place" in-store experience with highly relevant coffee and tea innovation and differentiated customer-facing mobile and digital technologies. We are making a profound social impact in the communities we serve around the world, and will continue to do so today and into the future.
Our company has weathered many different types of storms. But our brand has never been stronger or more relevant. Our pipeline of new products and breakthrough innovation has never been more robust. And our long term commitment to delivering an elevated partner experience is unwavering. I can assure you that we will continue to lead and manage the company through the lens of humanity, doing everything we possibly can to continue to make your families proud of our company and all we stand for. You have my word on this.
Today's financial market volatility, combined with great political uncertainty both at home and abroad, will undoubtedly have an effect on consumer confidence and perhaps even our customers' attitudes and behavior. Our customers are likely to experience an increased level of anxiety and concern. Please recognize this and--as you always have--remember that our success is not an entitlement, but something we need to earn, every day. Let's be very sensitive to the pressures our customers may be feeling, and do everything we can to individually and collectively exceed their expectations.
Our growth plans for the future of our company will not be impacted by the turmoil of the financial markets. We will positively manage through today's challenging environment just as we have positively navigated through challenging moments in the past. The experience we deliver in our stores, the strength and equity of our brand, and the primary reason for our current and future success is because of all of YOU. I believe in you and have never been prouder to be your partner.
Onward,Howard

What do you think? Are you a fan of how Schultz runs Starbucks? Why or why not? I'd love to hear from you in the comments.

Meet icons of entrepreneurship at this year's iCONIC Tour in LA!  Speakers include Tony Robbins, Tony Hawk, and Dollar Shave Club's Michael Dubin. To learn more visit iconic.inc.com.

Like this column? Sign up to subscribe to email alerts and you'll never miss a post. The opinions expressed here by Inc.com columnists are their own, not those of Inc.com.



Published on: Aug 25, 2015


















RECOMMENDED SLIDESHOW














































































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft









Howard Schultz by D'Antae Butler on PreziCreateExploreLearn & supportGet startedLog inPricingGet startedLog inMy PrezisExploreLearn & supportProductCompanyCareersSupportCommunityContactAppsEnglishEspañol한국어日本語DeutschPortuguêsFrançaisMagyarItaliano×Houston, we have a problem!Oops. A firewall is blocking access to Prezi content. Check out this article to learn more or contact your system administrator.
                Loading presentation...
            
        You’re using the new, improved player. You can always go back to the old viewer.
    Switch back
            
                
                    Public
                
            
            
                & reusable
            
        
            Create your own
        
                    Make a copy
                
    Share

        Embed
    
                Liked
            
                Like
            Present Remotely Send the link below via email or IMCopy Present to your audienceStart remote presentationInvited audience members will follow you as you navigate and presentPeople invited to a presentation do not need a Prezi accountThis link expires 10 minutes after you close the presentationA maximum of 30 users can follow your presentationLearn more about this feature in our knowledge base article
    Do you really want to delete this prezi?

    Neither you, nor the coeditors you shared it with will be able to recover it again.
DeleteCancelMake your likes visible on Facebook?
        Connect your Facebook account to Prezi and let your likes appear on your timeline.
        You can change this under Settings & Account at any time.
    No, thanksConnect with FacebookHoward Schultz
                            
                                No description
                            
                        
        
            by D'Antae Butler
        
        on 31 October 2014
    TweetComments (0)
                                    Please log in to add your comment.
                                Report abuseTranscript of Howard SchultzWhy good leader?Schultz defaults to being open, and willingly shares his story.He’s not afraid to create a companySchultz admits failure, takes accountability and keeps learning.He use his influence to spread his ideas about corporations with a social conscience to the wider world.Schultz understands his job is to inspire others.AccomplishmentsHoward Schultz has been given several awards for his superb achievements. ‘Israel 50th Anniversary Tribute Award’ in 1998 for playing a significant role in the promotion of a close alliance between the U.S and Israel. ‘National Leadership Award’ for his philanthropic efforts to combat AIDS in 1999. ‘International Distinguished Entrepreneur Award’ from the University of Manitoba for his remarkable success and admirable conduct of Starbucks. He got the FIRST Responsible Capitalism Award in 2007. named ‘Businessperson of the Year’ in 2011 by Fortune magazine for his creativities in the job market.SummaryEarly LifeHoward D. Schultz was born in Brooklyn, New York, on July 19, 1953At age 3, he moved with his family to  Canarsie, Southeastern Brooklyn.Schultz was a natural athletehe lead the basketball courts around his home and the football field at school.He left Canarsie with a football scholarship to Northern Michigan University in 1970.About leaderIntroductionI choose Howard Schults because the chairman and CEO of Starbucks, which is a successful coffee company that teens and everybody enjoys.Howard SchultzStarting CareerPersonailtyI picked Howard Schultz because I liked how he struggled as a child with being poor and now hes one of the top business leaders in the world. that's pretty awesome. i like all his leadership traits and what he represents. Also, i really like Starbucks.By D'Antae ButlerLeadership QualitiesSchultz graduated from the university with a Bachelor of Science degree in communication in 1975.After he found work as an appliance salesman for HammarplastA company that sold European coffee makers in the United States.Schultz noticed that he was selling more coffee makers to a small operation in Seattle, Washington.It was known then as the Starbucks Coffee Tea and Spice CompanySchult's family was literally too poor to put food on the table. It was a memory that Schultz would carry with him into adulthood.Determined to build a better life for himself, Schultz channeled his energy into high school sports. After graduating college, Schultz immediately began working in the sales and marketing division of Xerox Corp.Starbucks owners Gerald Baldwin and Gordon Bowker Impressed by Schultz's energy and marketing skills Schultz joined Starbucks as head of its marketing and retail operations in 1982.Howard Schultz has very strong positive affect.He is constantly trying to bring the best out of his employees, company and himself.Schultz has high self-esteem and will continue to look for more business opportunities.He is very supportiveHas a vision.PassionGreat decision makerTeam builderHas personaily/characterCreditshttp://www.biography.com/people/howard-schultz-21166227#synopsishttp://f12-mana3001.wikispaces.com/Howard+Schultzhttp://www.entrepreneur.com/article/197692http://www.forbes.com/sites/work-in-progress/2012/04/10/why-im-stalking-starbucks-ceo-howard-schultz/3/Full transcriptMore presentations by
    
        
            D'Antae Butler
        Untitled PreziUntitled PreziUntitled Prezi
            More prezis by author
        Popular presentationsSee more popular or the latest prezisProductCompanyCareersSupportCommunityContactApps
                                English
                            
                                español
                            
                                한국어
                            
                                日本語
                            
                                Deutsch
                            
                                Português
                            
                                français
                            
                                Magyar
                            
                                italiano
                            
        © 2017 Prezi Inc. 
        TermsConnect your Facebook account to Prezi and publish your likes in the future. OkNo, thanks
