










 




Schwartz Investment Counsel, Inc.: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 11:27 AM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of Schwartz Investment Counsel, Inc.



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Schwartz Investment Counsel, Inc. is an employee owned investment manager. The firm provides investment counsel services to fiduciaries and families. It primarily provides its services to institutional and individual investors. The firm also caters to high net worth individuals, pension and profit sharing plans, and charitable organizations. It manages separate client-focused equity, fixed income, and balanced portfolios. The firm also launches and manages equity and fixed income mutual funds for its clients. It invests in the public equity and fixed income markets of the United States. For fixed income investments, the firm invests in high-grade fixed-income securities with intermediate and...
Schwartz Investment Counsel, Inc. is an employee owned investment manager. The firm provides investment counsel services to fiduciaries and families. It primarily provides its services to institutional and individual investors. The firm also caters to high net worth individuals, pension and profit sharing plans, and charitable organizations. It manages separate client-focused equity, fixed income, and balanced portfolios. The firm also launches and manages equity and fixed income mutual funds for its clients. It invests in the public equity and fixed income markets of the United States. For fixed income investments, the firm invests in high-grade fixed-income securities with intermediate and short duration. It invests in value stocks of small-cap, mid-cap, and large-cap companies. The firm employs fundamental analysis, contrarian, and conservative approach to create its equity portfolio. Schwartz Investment Counsel, Inc. was founded in 1980 and is based in Plymouth, Michigan with an additional office in Ave Maria, Florida.
Detailed Description


801 West Ann Arbor TrailSuite 244Plymouth, MI 48170United StatesFounded in 1980



Phone: 734-455-7777

Fax: 734-455-7720

www.schwartzinvest.com







Key Executives for Schwartz Investment Counsel, Inc.




Mr. George Peter Schwartz CFA


      	Founder, Chief Executive Officer, Portfolio Manager, and Chairman
      








Mr. Richard Laurence Platte Jr., CFA


      	President, Chief Investment Officer, and Portfolio Manager
      








Mr. Timothy Steven Schwartz CFA


      	CFO, Executive VP, and Portfolio Manager
      








Ms. Laura A. Preston


      	Director of Operations
      








Ms. Cathy M. Stoner CPA


      	Vice President and Chief Compliance Officer
      





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 

Schwartz Investment Counsel, Inc. Key Developments

Schwartz Investment Counsel, Inc. Promotes Michael J. Schwartz to Senior Vice President - Institutional Sales
Jun 2 16
Schwartz Investment Counsel, Inc. has announced the promotion of Michael J. Schwartz to Senior Vice President - Institutional Sales effective June 1, 2016.


Schwartz Investment Counsel, Inc. Names Richard L. Platte as Chief Investment Officer
Sep 15 15
Schwartz Investment Counsel, Inc. has announced that its President, Richard L. Platte, Jr., CFA has also been named Chief Investment Officer. In this role, he is responsible for the implementation of investment strategy for the Firm. Mr. Platte continues in his role as co-portfolio manager of the Ave Maria Rising Dividend Fund, the Ave Maria Growth Fund and the Ave Maria Bond Fund.


Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 @Visory LLC United States 1 Road Partners LLC United States 11T Partners, LLC United States 123Jump.com, Inc. United States 1509225 Ontario, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Schwartz Investment Counsel, Inc., please visit www.schwartzinvest.com.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close































American Tech Report - ITLL







































Close














Quotes by TradingView













Today












Filings and Disclosure


5 Reasons ITLL May Be the Most Profitable Stock Play of 2017

















In 2017, cell phones are as vital to us as the air we breathe. Between both old and young, from personal users to businesses and now even hospitals, mobile phones have become an essential part of the modern eco system. Without one, people have difficulty finding employment and leave themselves negatively exposed to emergencies. The vast majority of American adults - 95% - now own a cell phone. This has resulted in the massive growth of businesses supplying and supplementing this market. Of which ITLL is now becoming a key player. 


The OTCQB is an elite tier of the over the counter markets. These are companies that have audited financials available, are current in their reporting, have verified management and shareholders and additional disclosure requirements to meet. All in all, this signifies that ITLL is on the ball and doing business the right way. Morningstar rates OTC:ITLL at an excellent 3 stars, meaning it is of fair value. The rating is determined by three factors: a stock's current price, Morningstar's estimate of the stock's fair value, and the uncertainty rating of the fair value. The bigger the discount, the higher the star rating. Once again, an excellent omen for savvy investors!Breaking News: ITLL Successfully Closes Acquisition with Completion of Definitive Agreements


With such immense growth in the industry and corporate giants dominating the arena, we frequently see small companies either grow exponentially or get bought out before they become a threat. This is where OTC: ITLL comes into play. Their goal is to deliver market disruptive products and pricing to the millions of consumers who are looking for better deals in the mobile phone and application space. Since ITLL is a public company, we believe this is an excellent opportunity for savvy investors to capitalize on the booming industry. We’ve done some digging and have laid out 6 reasons why we believe ITLL may be the most profitable stock play of 2017. Breaking News: ITLL Successfully Closes Acquisition with Completion of Definitive Agreements.
















Massive telecom acquisitions are happening all the time. They're so common in fact, we barely notice the billions of dollars that are flying between these massive corporations, month after month. For example, in 2017 alone, we've already seen several major acquisitions. Telecom service provider GTT Communications announced in June that it plans to buy network connectivity provider Global Capacity for $100 million in cash and 1.85 million shares of GTT common stock. We also saw that in April, Windstream announced its plan to acquire cloud-based unified communications provider Broadview Networks in an all-cash transaction worth $228 million. And if that isn't enough, in March, Zayo Group Holdings, Inc. closed its $1.42 billion acquisition of Electric Lightwave, the company formerly known as Integra Telecom. All of this happened in just the last few months!All this makes you wonder why this is happening and whether ITLL has what it takes to dance with the big guys. Well, it is our belief that the telecom giants scoop up the smaller, competitive companies because they are a danger to their business model. Big companies like Verizon are making money hand over fist - why stop when you can just scoop up the competition and keep business going as usual?ITLL has made it clear that their goal is to be affordable and disruptive. A similar situation took place in Canada some years ago, when a company named Wind Mobile came into play. Over a few short years Wind grew a massive user base simply because their plans were significantly cheaper than the competition. Recently, Shaw bought them out for $1.6 billion. As a result of all this, our opinion of the ITLL business model is excellent.








1. We've seen this business model work before. 


If you’ve missed putting this on your stock tracker, take a moment and do it right now!

For more information about Intelligent Cloud Resources (OTC:ITLL), visit the company website at http://intelligentcloudresources.com/ or https://www.otcmarkets.com/stock/ITLL/quote. 

As always, we encourage you to do your due diligence thoroughly before making a buying decision. 

Good trading! 

Sincerely, 

The American Tech Report Team


This is a statement that often attracts negativity from skeptics and self-pronounced market professionals. And frankly, it's understandable; it seems too good to be true. We always encourage our readers to do their own due-diligence and this is one of those scenarios. Dig through message boards, scanners and blogs and you'll quickly realize that stocks are making major moves like this on a regular basis. This isn't some mythical unicorn - once again, stocks do this on a regular basis. Below, you can see some examples of movements like this, but believe us when we say there are many, many more. 






3. One trade can make profits of 2,000% or more. 













At the time of writing this article, ITLL is sitting at 80 cents. We believe that this is an extremely attractive price for a company of this caliber. As was observed above, acquisitions in this industry often come in at hundreds of millions or billions of dollars. In addition to this, 80 cents is an excellent place for traders and investors to turn quicker profits. It is much easier for a stock to double or triple at these prices, in a very short period of time. "It’s far better to buy a wonderful company at a fair price than a fair company at a wonderful price” - Warren Buffet







2. The stock is priced right. Better than right. 






















5.	QB Status and 3 stars from Morningstar. 


Keep Track of OTC: ITLL


Name:                     Intelligent Cloud Resources, Inc. Ticker:                     ITLLExchange:              OTC QBWebsite:                 http://intelligentcloudresources.com/
Phone:                    (647) 478-6385
Email:                      info@intelligentcloudresources.com 
CIK:                          0001634912Transfer Agent:     VStock Transfer LLC
For additional information please visit: https://www.otcmarkets.com/stock/ITLL/filings
https://www.otcmarkets.com/stock/ITLL/profile


Sign up for updates on news,charts and other information







We respect your privacy and never share your information with anyone. 


OWCP - 63,900%


When going up against telecom giants, a company has to hold a competitive edge to stand out. Through our due diligence, we have found this to be undoubtedly true for ITLL. The cornerstone to every customer seeking a cell provider is the smartphones that they have available. Smartphones are expensive for your average consumer, as many flagship phones sit around the $1000 mark. ITLL has seemed to solve this problem by partnering up with the smartphone manufacturer, Leagoo. These phones have everything that the typical consumer wants at a fraction of the cost. They are well built, stylish, powerful and power through daily functions like taking photographs and browsing the web on par with phones that are five times the price. All of this seems consistent with ITLL's commitment to lower prices and maintain their competitive edge. In addition to this, they are offering all subscribers a premium mastercard, no questions asked! We believe that many consumers will find this to be an irresistible offer, making the growth potential for ITLL very attractive. 


BLDV - 5,600%


4. The most competitive tech and phones on the market. 


OWCP - 9,900%










Stock Data







Current Market Cap:             $74,684,794Outstanding Shares:             93,355,992






Website:   intelligentcloudresources.comFloat:         69,477,660



Click To Subscribe










Disclaimer


This is a paid advertisement and all individuals should verify all claims and perform their own due diligence on ITLL (and / or any other mentioned companies and / or securities), and read this disclaimer in its entirety.

American Tech Report profiles are not a solicitation or recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities. American Tech Report is a paid advertiser and is not offering securities for sale. Neither American Tech Report nor its owners, operators, affiliates or anyone disseminating information on its behalf is registered as an Investment Advisor under any federal or state law and none of the information provided by American Tech Report, its owners, operators, affiliates or anyone disseminating information on its behalf should be construed as investment advice or investment recommendations.
American Tech Report does not recommend that the securities profiled should be purchased, sold or held and is not liable for any investment decisions by its readers or subscribers.

Information presented by American Tech Report may contain “forward-looking statements ” within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Any statements that express or involve discussions with respect to predictions, expectations, beliefs, plans, projections, objectives, goals, assumptions, or future events or performance, are not statements of historical fact and may be “forward-looking statements.” Forward-looking statements are based on expectations, estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those presently anticipated. Forward-looking statements may be identified through the use of words such as “expects, ” “will, ” “anticipates,” “estimates,” “believes,” “may,” or by statements indicating that certain actions “may,” “could,” or “might” occur.

THIS SITE IS PROVIDED BY AMERICAN TECH REPORT ON AN “AS IS” AND “AS AVAILABLE” BASIS. AMERICAN TECH REPORT MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, AS TO THE OPERATION OF THIS SITE OR THE INFORMATION, CONTENT, MATERIALS, OR PRODUCTS INCLUDED ON THIS SITE. YOU EXPRESSLY AGREE THAT YOUR USE OF THIS SITE IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK.
TO THE FULL EXTENT PERMISSIBLE BY APPLICABLE LAW, AMERICAN TECH REPORT DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. AMERICAN TECH REPORT DOES NOT WARRANT THAT THIS SITE, IT’S SERVERS, OR E-MAIL SENT FROM AMERICAN TECH REPORT ARE FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS. AMERICAN TECH REPORT, ITS MEMBERS, MANAGERS, OWNERS, AGENTS, AND EMPLOYEES WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES OF ANY KIND ARISING FROM THE USE OF THIS SITE, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE, AND CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES.
CERTAIN STATE LAWS DO NOT ALLOW LIMITATIONS ON IMPLIED WARRANTIES OR THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF CERTAIN DAMAGES. IF THESE LAWS APPLY TO YOU, SOME OR ALL OF THE ABOVE DISCLAIMERS, EXCLUSIONS, OR LIMITATIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU, AND YOU MIGHT HAVE ADDITIONAL RIGHTS. By using American Tech Report, you agree, without limitation or qualification, to be bound by, and to comply with, these Terms of Use and any other posted guidelines or rules applicable.

The website contains links to other related World Wide Web Internet sites and resources. American Tech Report is not responsible for the availability of these outside resources, or their contents, nor does American Tech Report endorse nor is American Tech Report responsible for any of the contents, advertising, products or other materials on such sites. Under no circumstances shall American Tech Report be held responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any loss or damages caused or alleged to have been caused by use of or reliance on any content, goods or services available on such sites. Any concerns regarding any external link should be directed to its respective site administrator or webmaster.

You agree to indemnify and hold American Tech Report, its officers, directors, owners, agents and employees, harmless from any claim or demand, including reasonable attorneys fees, made by any third party due to or arising out of your use of the website, the violation of these Terms of Use by you, or the infringement by you, or other user of the website using your computer, of any intellectual property or other right of any person or entity. We reserve the right, at our own expense, to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter otherwise subject to indemnification.

The Terms of Use are governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of Belize and the intellectual property laws of Belize. The Terms of Service for American Tech Report is entered into and shall be deemed wholly performed from July 24th 2017 to August 18th 2017 and shall in all respects be governed by and construed in accordance exclusively with the laws of Belize applicable to contracts made and to be entirely performed therein without regard to principles of conflicts of law. The parties specifically agree that the courts of the Caribbean Court of Justice, shall have personal and subject matter jurisdiction and exclusive venue with respect to any and all disputes in connection herewith.
American Tech Report is owned and operated by Public Ventures Of America Corp, which is a Belize based corporation. We are paid advertisers, also known as stock touts or stock promoters, who disseminate favorable information (the “Information”) about publicly traded companies (the “Profiled Issuers”).
We publish the Information on our website, americantechreport.com and in newsletters, text message alerts, audio services, live interviews, featured “research” reports, on message boards and in email communications for specific time periods that are agreed upon between us and the Profiled Issuer and / or third party paying us. Our publication of the Information is known as a “Campaign”. This information may be sent to potential investors at different times that are minutes, hours, days or even weeks apart. Typically, the trading volume and price of a Profiled Issuer’s securities increases after the information is provided to the first group of investors. Therefore, the later an investor receives the Information, the more likely it is that he will suffer trading losses if they purchase the securities of a Profiled Issuer late in a Campaign. We are paid to advertise the Profiled Issuers, Intelligent Cloud Resources, Inc. American Tech Report has been hired by a third party, Golden Island Investments Ltd., for a period beginning on July 24th 2017 and is scheduled to end on August 18th 2017 to publicly disseminate information about (ITLL) via website and email. We expect to be paid three hundred thousand dollars via a series of bank wire transfers over this period. We will update any changes to our compensation. We own zero shares of (ITLL).

Third Parties paying us to market the Profiled Issuer we believe intend to sell their shares they hold while we tell investors to purchase during the Campaign. Intelligent Cloud Resources Inc. is a penny stock that was illiquid (little to no trading volume) prior to our Campaign, and therefore these securities are subject to wide fluctuations in trading price and volume. During the Campaign the trading volume and price of the securities of each Profile Issuer will likely increase significantly because of the media exposure. When the Campaign ends, the volume and price of the Profiled Issuer will likely decrease dramatically. As a result, investors who purchase during the Campaign and hold shares of the Profiled Issuer when the Campaign ends will probably lose most, if not all, of their investment.

The Information we publish in the Campaign is only a snapshot that provides only positive information about the Profiled Issuers. The Information consists of only positive content. We do not and will not publish any negative information about the Profiled Issuers; accordingly, investors should consider the Information to be one-sided and not balanced, complete, accurate, truthful and / or reliable. We do not verify or confirm any portion of the Information. We do not conduct any due diligence, nor do we research any aspect of the Information including the completeness, accuracy, truthfulness and / or reliability of the Information. We do not review the Profiled Issuers’ financial condition, operations, business model, management or risks involved in the Profiled Issuer’s business or an investment in a Profiled Issuer’s securities.

All information in our Campaign is publicly available information from 3rd party sources and / or the Profiled Issuers and/or the 3rd parties that hire us. We may also obtain the Information from publicly available sources such as the OTC Markets, Google, NASDAQ, NYSE, Yahoo, Bing, the Securities and Exchange Commission’s Edgar database or other available public sources.

We select the stocks we profile and / or pick as we are compensated to advertise them. If an investor relies solely on the Information in making an investment decision it is highly probable that the investor will lose most, if not all, of his or her investment. Investors should not rely on the Information to make an investment decision.

The source of our compensation varies depending upon the particular circumstances of the Campaign. In certain cases, we are compensated by the Profiled Issuers, third party shareholders, and / or other parties related to the Profiled Issuers such as officers and/or directors who will derive a financial or other benefit from an increase in the trading price and/or volume of a Profiled Issuer’s securities.
We make no warranty and / or representation about the Information, including its completeness, accuracy, truthfulness or reliability and we disclaim, expressly and implicitly, all warranties of any kind, including whether the Information is complete, accurate, truthful, or reliable and as such, your use of the Information is at your own risk. The Information is provided as is without limitation.

We are not, and do not act in the capacity of any of the following; as such, you should not construe our activities as involving any of the following: an independent adviser or consultant; a fortune teller; an investment adviser or an entity engaging in activities that would be deemed to be providing investment advice that requires registration either at the federal and / or state level; a broker-dealer or an individual acting in the capacity of a registered representative or broker; a stock picker; a securities trading expert; a securities researcher or analyst; a financial planner or one who engages in financial planning; a provider of stock recommendations; a provider of advice about buy, sell or hold recommendations as to specific securities; or an agent offering or securities for sale or soliciting their purchase.


There are numerous risks associated with each Profiled Issuer and investors should undertake a full review of each Profiled Issuer with the assistance of their financial, legal, and tax advisers prior to purchasing the securities of any Profiled Issuer.
We are not objective or independent and have multiple conflicts of interest. The Profiled Issuers and parties hiring us have conflicts of interest. Third parties that have hired us and own shares will sell these shares while we tell investors to purchase, and this selling of the Profiled Issuer’s securities will likely cause investors to suffer losses.

Our publication of the Information involves actual and material conflicts of interest including but not limited to the fact that we receive monetary compensation in exchange for publishing the (favorable) Information about the Profiled Issuers; and we do not publish any negative information, whatsoever, about the Profiled Issuers; in addition to the fact that while we do not own the Profiled Issuer’s securities, the third parties that hired us do, and intend to sell all of these securities during the Campaign while we publish favorable information that instructs investors to purchase, and this selling of the Profiled Issuer’s securities will likely cause investors to suffer losses.

We are not responsible or liable for any person’s use of the Information or any success or failure that is directly or indirectly related to such person’s use of the Information because we have specifically stated that the information is not reliable and should not be relied upon for any purpose. We are not responsible for omissions and / or errors in the Information and we are not responsible for actions taken by any person who relies upon the Information.
We urge Investors to conduct their own in-depth investigation of the Profiled Issuers with the assistance of their legal, tax and / or investment adviser(s). An investor’s review of the Information should include but not be limited to the Profiled Issuer’s financial condition, operations, management, products and / or services, trends in the industry and risks that may be material to the profiled Issuer’s business and other information he and his advisers deem material to an investment decision. An investor’s review should include, but not be limited to a review of available public sources and information received directly from the Profiled Issuers or from websites such as Google, Yahoo, Bing, OTC Markets, NASDAQ, NYSE, www.sec.gov or other available public sources.

We are providing you with this disclaimer because we are publishing advertisements about penny stocks. Because we are paid to disseminate the Information to the public about securities, we are required by the securities laws including Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the “Exchange Act”) and Rule 10b-5 thereunder, and Section 17(b) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”), to specifically disclose my compensation as well as other important information, This information includes that we may hold, as well as purchase and sell, the securities of a Profiled Issuer before, during and after we publish favorable Information about the Profiled Issuer. We may urge investors to purchase the securities of a Profiled Issuer while we sell my own shares. The anti-fraud provisions of federal and state securities laws require us to inform you that we may engage in buying and selling of Profiled Issuer’s securities before, during and after the Campaigns.

Any investment in the Profiled Issuers involves a high degree of risk and uncertainty. The securities may be subject to extreme volume and price volatility, especially during the Campaigns. Favorable past performance of a Profiled Issuer does not guarantee future results. If you purchase the securities of the Profiled Issuers, you should be prepared to lose your entire investment. Some of the risks involved in purchasing securities of the Profiled Issuers include, but are not limited to the risks stated below.

We do not endorse, independently verify or assert the truthfulness, completeness, accuracy or reliability of the Information. We conduct no due diligence or investigation whatsoever of the Information or the Profiled Issuers and we do not receive any verification from the Profiled Issuer regarding the Information we disseminate.

If we publish any percentage gain of a Profiled Issuer from the previous day close in the Information, it is not and should not be construed as an indication that the future stock price or future operational results will reflect gains or otherwise prove to be advantageous to your investment.
The Information may contain statements asserting that a Profiled Issuer’s stock price has increased over a certain period of time which may reflect an arbitrary period of time, and is not predictive or of any analytical quality; as such, you should not rely upon the (favorable) Information in your analysis of the present or future potential of a Profiled Issuer or its securities.
The Information should not be interpreted in any way, shape, form or manner whatsoever as an indication of the Profiled Issuer’s future stock price or future financial performance.

You may encounter difficulties determining what, if any, portions of the Information are material or non-material, making it all the more imperative that you conduct your own independent investigation of the Profiled Issuer and its securities with the assistance of your legal, tax and financial advisor.
When 3rd parties that hire us acquire, purchase and / or sell the securities of the Profiled Issuers, it may (a) cause significant volatility in the Profiled Issuer’s securities; (b) cause temporary but unrealistic increases in volume and price of the Profiled Issuer’s securities; (c) if selling, cause the Profiled Issuer’s stock price to decline dramatically; and (d) permit themselves to make substantial profits while investors who purchase during the Campaign experience significant losses.

The securities of the Profiled Issuers are high risk, unstable, unpredictable and illiquid which may make it difficult for investors to sell their securities of the Profiled Issuers.

We may hire third party service providers and stock promoters to electronically disseminate live news regarding the Profiled Issuers, yet we have no control over the content of and do not verify the information that the Profiled Issuers and/or third party service providers publish. These third party service providers are likely compensated for providing positive information about the Issuer and may fail to disclose their compensation to you.
If a Profiled Issuer is a SEC reporting company, it could be delinquent (not current) in its periodic reporting obligations (i.e., in its quarterly and annual reports), or if it is an OTC Markets Pink Sheet quoted company, it may be delinquent in its Pink Sheet reporting obligations, which may result in OTC Markets posting a negative legend pertaining to the Profiled Issuer at www.otcmarkets.com, as follows: (i) “Limited Information” for companies with financial reporting problems, economic distress, or that are unwilling to file required reports with the Pink Sheets; (ii) “No Information,” which characterizes companies that are unable or unwilling to provide any disclosure to the public markets, to the SEC or the Pink Sheets; and (iii) “Caveat Emptor,” signifying buyers should be aware that there is a public interest concern associated with a company’s illegal spam campaign, questionable stock promotion, known investigation of a company’s fraudulent activity or its insiders, regulatory suspensions or disruptive corporate actions.

If the Information states that a Profiled Issuer’s securities are consistent with the future economic trends or even if your independent research indicates that, you should be aware that economic trends have their own limitations, including: (a) that economic trends or predictions may be speculative; (b) consumers, producers, investors, borrowers, lenders and/or government may react in unforeseen ways and be affected by behavioral biases that we are unable to predict; (c) human and social factors may outweigh future economic trends that we state may or will occur; (d) clear cut economic predictions have their limitations in that they do not account for the fundamental uncertainty in economic life, as well as ordinary life; (e) economic trends may be disrupted by sudden jumps, disruptions or other factors that are not accounted for in economic trends analysis; in other words, past or present data predicting future economic trends may become irrelevant in light of new circumstances and situations in which uncertainty becomes reality rather than predicted economic outcome; or (f) if the trend predicted involves a single result, it ignores other scenarios that may be crucial to make a decision in the event of unknown contingencies.
The Information is presented only as a brief snapshot of the Profiled Issuer and should only be used, at most, and if at all, as a starting point for you to conduct a thorough investigation of the Profiled Issuer and its securities. You should consult your financial, legal or other adviser(s) and avail yourself of the filings and information that may be accessed at www.sec.gov, www.otcmarkets.com or other electronic media, including: (a) reviewing SEC periodic reports (Forms 10-Q and 10-K), reports of material events (Form 8-K), insider reports (Forms 3, 4, 5 and Schedule 13D); (b) reviewing Information and Disclosure Statements and unaudited financial reports filed with the OTCMarkets.com; (c) obtaining and reviewing publicly available information contained in commonly known search engines such as Google; and (d) consulting investment guides at www.sec.gov and www.finra.org. You should always be cognizant that the Profiled Issuers may not be current in their reporting obligations with the SEC and the OTC Markets and/or have negative legends and designations at otcmarkets.com.

American Tech Report, reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to change, modify, add and/ or remove all or part of this Disclaimer and / or Terms of Use at any time.



















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











SCHWARTZ INVESTMENT COUNSEL INC - AVE MARIA, FL - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



FL



AVE MARIA



Investors, Nec



Investors, Nec



                            SCHWARTZ INVESTMENT COUNSEL INC
                                    



 





















S 


SCHWARTZ INVESTMENT COUNSEL INC
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



5060 ANNUNCIATION CIR AVE MARIA, FL 34142
Get Directions



(239) 867-4364





Business Info



 Founded 2011
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $92,000.00
 Employee Count 2
 Industries Investors, Nec
 Contacts 






Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Since 2011 the company has been providing Investors, Nec. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







S

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com







Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.



























Bing Places for Business
























































































































Bing
 places for business


Sign in using your




Microsoft Account





Work Account





Google Account





Facebook Account

Don't have an account? Create one.




SCHWARTZ INVESTMENT COUNSEL, INC. Credit report, products, contacts













 Florida






Search









    SCHWARTZ INVESTMENT COUNSEL, INC.











Company number F11000003565
        

Status Active
        

FEI number 382325495
        

Company Type Foreign for Profit
        

Home State MI
        

Last activity date not available
        

Date Of Incorporation 8/28/2011
        

Principal Address
            3707 W. MAPLE ROAD, BLOOMFIELD HILLS, 48301
            


Mailing Address 3707 W. MAPLE ROAD, BLOOMFIELD HILLS, MI, 48301
        
SCHWARTZ INVESTMENT COUNSEL, INC. Principals

President
                Schwartz George P
                 


Address
                3707 W. MAPLE ROAD, BLOOMFIELD HILLS, MI, 48301
                 



Vice President, Treasurer
                Schwartz Tim
                 


Address
                5060 ANNUNCIATION CIRCLE #101, AVE MARIA, FL, 34142
                 



Secretary
                Platte Richard Ljr
                 


Address
                3707 W. MAPLE ROAD, BLOOMFIELD HILLS, MI, 48301
                 







Registered Agent

Agent Name SCHWARTZ            TIM (p)
        

Agent Address
                5060 ANNUNCIATION CIRCLE, AVE MARIA, FL, 34142
                

Description
SCHWARTZ INVESTMENT COUNSEL, INC. has been set up 8/28/2011 in state MI.  
The current status of the business is Active. The SCHWARTZ INVESTMENT COUNSEL, INC. principal adress is 3707 W. MAPLE ROAD, BLOOMFIELD HILLS, 48301. 
Meanwhile you can send your letters to 3707 W. MAPLE ROAD, BLOOMFIELD HILLS, MI, 48301. 
The company`s registered agent is SCHWARTZ            TIM 5060 ANNUNCIATION CIRCLE, AVE MARIA, FL, 34142.  
The company`s management are President - Schwartz George P, Vice President, Treasurer - Schwartz Tim, Secretary - Platte Richard Ljr.






Comprehensive Report about this company
        





(view sample)








Similar Companies
SCHWARTZ INVESTMENT HOLDINGS, L.L.C.
SCHWARTZ INVESTMENT LLC
SCHWARTZ INVESTMENTS, INC.
SCHWARTZ INVESTMENTS LIMITED PARTNERSHIP
SCHWARTZ INVESTMENTS LLC
SCHWARTZ INVESTMENTS OF SARASOTA, LTD.
















Michael J. Richter - Director of Marketing at Schwartz Investment Counsel, Inc.



























































                      NEWS HOME
                    

Advertising
Board and Executive Moves
Energy
Health Care
Hedge Funds
M & A
Private Equity
Technology








            You have  
            
9 free profiles

              left this month   
			      

                Start Your Free Trial ➤
              








            Hey, we noticed you're a RelSci Pro subscriber! Would you like to view the page there?
            

                View on RelSci Pro ➤
              




























































































































Email







LinkedIn







Facebook







Google+







Tweet







Reddit





Permalink





Michael J. Richter
Director of Marketing at Schwartz Investment Counsel, Inc.



Overview
Relationships Paths
Career History 


Michael J. Richter
Director of Marketing at Schwartz Investment Counsel, Inc.



 Overview



Number of Relationships



                This person is connected to 21 people.
              






 Relationships
              See Details




George Peter Schwartz

Founder at Schwartz Investment Counsel, Inc.




Robert Christopher Schwartz

Vice President & Director-Marketing at Schwartz Investment Counsel, Inc.





Cathy M. Stoner

Vice President & Chief Compliance Officer at Schwartz Investment Counsel, Inc.




Laura A. Preston

Director, Operations at Schwartz Investment Counsel, Inc.





Todd C. Giessler

Director of Advisory Services at Schwartz Investment Counsel, Inc.




Brandon Scott Scheitler

Portfolio Manager, Fixed Income & Equity Research Analyst at Schwartz Investment Counsel, Inc.





Timothy Steven Schwartz

Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President at Schwartz Investment Counsel, Inc.




Richard Laurence Platte, Jr.

President & Chief Investment Officer at Schwartz Investment Counsel, Inc.





Gregory Richard Heilman

Of Counsel at Schwartz Investment Counsel, Inc.




Mike J. Schwartz

Senior Vice President at Schwartz Investment Counsel, Inc.







See 11 more listings with RelSci Professional.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See 11 More 


 


 Paths to Michael J. Richter



            Michael J. Richter          




 You



 Connections via Relationship Science



 Michael J. Richter






Sync your contacts to see how you can connect with Michael J. Richter.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Career History



Director of Marketing

                                    2011 - Current                


Schwartz Investment Counsel, Inc.


                  Schwartz Investment Counsel manages stock and bond portfolios and balanced portfolios. The firm may recommend all types of equity and debt securities, including, but not limited to, common stocks, preferred stocks, corporate bonds, US Government securities, MBS, convertible securities, warrants, foreign securities, shares of investment companies including ETFs and commercial paper.Schwartz uses fundamental security analysis to identify equity securities that are believed to be selling below their intrinsic value. They seek to identify companies with superior business characteristics and managerial integrity, which may include companies that are currently out-of-favor with the market or companies undergoing changes that may significantly enhance shareholder value in the future. Schwartz generally selects fixed income securities that appear undervalued relative to other securities or securities believed to have a higher potential for credit upgrade. Investments selected for the Ave Maria Mutual Funds, model portfolio management program and certain separately managed accounts are also selected based upon religious criteria designed to avoid companies that operate in a way that is inconsistent with the teachings and values of the Roman Catholic Church. This process screens out two major types of companies, those which support the practice of abortion and those whose policies are judged to be anti-family, such as companies that distribute pornographic material or undermine the Sacrament of Marriage.                





 Other Affiliations




              Michael J. Richter is affiliated with
                            Schwartz Investment Counsel, Inc..
            





You've reached your 10 free profiles limit this month.
Upgrade to RelSci Pro today to enjoy unlimited article views and much more!

Start My Free Trial  ➤

Still not convinced? Check out our full listing of features here.












Are you a RelSci Pro Subscriber?

Login to RelSci Pro 
                        ➤


Not a Pro Subscriber? Log in here to manage your alerts









 Keep me signed in.
        

Login  ➤



        Forgot your Password?
    

























 I have read the LexisNexis terms & conditions




Sign Me Up  ➤




















Carl Domino Inc Raises Stake in CA Inc. (NASDAQ:CA) | Daily Political










































































Home
About/Contact
Columnists
Privacy Policy
























Headlines
Politics
Nation
World
Issues
Economy
Finance




















CA Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily

		Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for CA Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter:



 






Follow DailyPolitical

 
 










Latest News



Carl Domino Inc Raises Stake in CA Inc. (NASDAQ:CA)					

Carl Domino Inc Decreases Stake in Sirius XM Holdings Inc. (SIRI)					

Carl Domino Inc Sells 3,000 Shares of Masco Corporation (MAS)					

Carbonite, Inc. (NASDAQ:CARB) Stake Maintained by Carl Domino Inc					

Eagle Materials Inc (NYSE:EXP) Position Maintained by Carl Domino Inc					

Berkshire Asset Management LLC PA Boosts Position in TE Connectivity Ltd. (TEL)					

Medidata Solutions, Inc. (NASDAQ:MDSO) to Post FY2017 Earnings of $0.82 Per Share, SunTrust Banks Forecasts					

Boenning Scattergood Analysts Raise Earnings Estimates for Sandy Spring Bancorp, Inc. (SASR)					

Quaint Oak Bancorp Inc (QNTO) Announces  Earnings Results					

Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corporation (NYSE:WAB) Releases Quarterly  Earnings Results, Misses Expectations By $0.14 EPS					

AMEC Foster Wheeler plc American Depositary Shares (NASDAQ:AMFW) Receives News Sentiment Score of 0.23					

Chemical Financial Corporation (CHFC) Announces  Earnings Results					

Somewhat Positive News Coverage Somewhat Unlikely to Impact Verifone Systems (NYSE:PAY) Stock Price					

Somewhat Positive News Coverage Somewhat Unlikely to Impact Allscripts Healthcare Solutions (MDRX) Share Price					

Globalstar (GSAT) Earns Daily Media Impact Score of 0.19					

Axiom Securities Reiterates “Sell” Rating for United States Steel Corporation (X)					

TRI Pointe Group (NYSE:TPH) Earning Positive Media Coverage, Report Shows					

VALE S.A. (NYSE:VALE) Downgraded to “Buy” at BidaskClub					

BidaskClub Lowers Unisys Corporation (UIS) to Hold					

Western Alliance Bancorporation’s (WAL) “Buy” Rating Reiterated at Jefferies Group LLC					





 





						Carl Domino Inc Raises Stake in CA Inc. (NASDAQ:CA)					

						 July 26th, 2017  - 0 comments - Filed Under -
 by Jeff Wilder 


							Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles 







Tweet










Carl Domino Inc boosted its position in  CA Inc. (NASDAQ:CA) by 1.0% during the second quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The institutional investor  owned 33,596 shares of the technology company’s stock after buying an additional 340 shares during the period. Carl Domino Inc’s holdings in CA were worth $1,158,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. 
A number of other institutional investors have also recently added to or reduced their stakes in CA. FMR LLC increased its position in  CA by 0.5% in the fourth quarter. FMR LLC now owns 119,299 shares of the technology company’s stock worth $3,790,000 after buying an additional 621 shares in the last quarter.  Quadrature Capital Ltd purchased a new position in  CA during the fourth quarter worth approximately $502,000.  UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. increased its position in  CA by 6.3% in the fourth quarter. UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. now owns 2,090,277 shares of the technology company’s stock worth $66,407,000 after buying an additional 123,497 shares in the last quarter.  Kentucky Retirement Systems purchased a new position in  CA during the fourth quarter worth approximately $722,000.  Finally, Kentucky Retirement Systems Insurance Trust Fund purchased a new position in  CA during the fourth quarter worth approximately $322,000. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own  70.74% of the company’s stock. 
CA Inc. (NASDAQ:CA) traded down 1.08% during midday trading on Wednesday, hitting $34.65. The stock had a trading volume of 579,386 shares. The firm has a market capitalization of $14.48 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 18.73 and a beta of 0.87. The firm has a 50-day moving average price of $33.64 and a 200-day moving average price of $32.49. CA Inc. has a 1-year low of $30.01 and a 1-year high of $36.54. 




CA (NASDAQ:CA) last posted its earnings results on Thursday, May 11th. The technology company reported $0.54 earnings per share for the quarter, topping analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.49 by $0.05. The business had revenue of $1.01 billion for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $996.59 million. CA had a return on equity of 17.15% and a net margin of 19.20%. The firm’s revenue was up .3% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period in the previous year, the firm earned $0.60 EPS.  On average, equities research analysts anticipate that  CA Inc. will post $2.38 earnings per share for the current year. 
COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: “Carl Domino Inc Raises Stake in CA Inc. (NASDAQ:CA)” was first  posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this story on another domain, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of United States & international copyright & trademark legislation. The original version of this story can be read at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/07/26/carl-domino-inc-raises-stake-in-ca-inc-nasdaqca.html. 
Several equities analysts have commented on the company. Zacks Investment Research upgraded CA from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Tuesday, March 28th. DA Davidson downgraded CA from a “buy” rating to a “neutral” rating in a report on Monday, April 10th. Piper Jaffray Companies increased their price target on CA from $42.00 to $45.00 and gave the company an “overweight” rating in a report on Monday, April 17th. Jefferies Group LLC  reiterated a “buy” rating and set a $38.00 price target on shares of CA in a report on Friday, April 28th. Finally, FIG Partners upgraded CA to an “outperform” rating and increased their price target for the company from $40.00 to $42.25 in a report on Wednesday, May 3rd. Four analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, eight have issued  a hold rating and five have issued  a buy rating to the company. The stock  has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $35.10.
In related news, insider Ayman Sayed sold 30,194 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, June 21st. The stock was sold at an average price of $35.62, for a total transaction of $1,075,510.28. Following the transaction, the insider now directly owns 168,455 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $6,000,367.10. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which can be accessed through this hyperlink. 0.90% of the stock is currently owned by insiders. 
CA Company Profile
CA, Inc (CA) is engaged in providing software solutions enabling customers to plan, develop, manage and secure applications and enterprise environments across distributed, cloud, mobile and mainframe platforms. The Company operates through three business segments: Mainframe Solutions, Enterprise Solutions and Services.
Want to see what other hedge funds are holding CA? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for CA Inc. (NASDAQ:CA).






Receive News & Ratings for CA Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for CA Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 
















 Comment on this Post

Click here to cancel reply.



Name (required)

Mail (will not be published) (required)

Website






Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be placed in moderation!




Latest News




Jeff Sessions Spoke of Resigning After Tensions Increase with Trump





President Trump’s Tweets Complicate Already Complicated Week





World Leaders Very Critical of Paris Agreement Decision by Trump





Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected





Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea














			© DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. 


Privacy Policy |
			About | Columnists 
			| Contact 


























































Schwartz Investment Counsel, Inc                                                                                         - Plymouth                                          , MI         - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



MI



Plymouth



Investment Advice



Investment Advice



                            Schwartz Investment Counsel, Inc
                                    



 





















S 


Schwartz Investment Counsel, Inc                                                                                        
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



801 W ANN ARBOR TRL # 244 PLYMOUTH, MI 48170
Get Directions



(248) 644-8500
www.schwartzinvest.com                                                                                  





Business Info



 Founded 1983
 Incorporated MI
 Annual Revenue $3,701,342.00
 Employee Count 1
 Industries Investment Advice
 Contacts George P Schwartz                                                                                                       







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Schwartz Investment Counsel, Inc                                                                                         was founded in 1983, and is located at 801 W Ann Arbor Trl # 244 in Plymouth. Additional information is available at www.schwartzinvest.com                                                                                   or by contacting George P Schwartz                                                                                                        at (248) 644-8500. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







S

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.
















Schwartz Investment Counsel Inc. | Wealthminder











































Schwartz Investment Counsel Inc.


Schwartz Investment Counsel Inc.
(CRD# 104693) is a financial advisory firm headquartered in
Plymouth, MI.
They
manage $1,752,896,968 in 71 accounts and
serve the financial needs of clients across 2 states (or territories).




Current Firm Details



Schwartz Investment Counsel Inc.




801 W. Ann Arbor Trail, Ste 244,
Plymouth,
MI
48170
7344557777
http://www.schwartzinvest.com




http://www.schwartzinvest.com







By the Numbers






Total Assets Under Management

1,753
MILLION



Total Number of Accounts

71
ACCOUNTS



Average Account Value

$24,688,690







Compensation Options




A percentage of assets under your management






Advisory Services Offered




Portfolio management for individuals and/or small businesses
Portfolio management for investment companies (as well as "business development companies")
Portfolio management for businesses (other than small businesses) or institutional clients








Types of Clients










Registered States






Registered Investment Advisor


Advisors affiliated with a RIA are permitted to work with up to five clients in nearly-all states* without explicit registration. The map below shows states where this firm has explicit registration only.




FL, MI






Financial Advisors at Schwartz Investment Counsel Inc.




Showing 1 - 6 of 6 top financial advisors.





1















Timothy S. Schwartz



CRD#:
4473315



801 W. Ann Arbor Trail, Ste 244,
Plymouth,
MI
48170




96

Wealthminder
score








Timothy Schwartz (CRD# 4473315) is an Investment Advisor Representative working at
Schwartz Investment Counsel Inc. in Plymouth, MI and has 
over 15 years
of experience in the finance industry.






2















Brandon S. Scheitler



CRD#:
5121780



801 W. Ann Arbor Trail, Ste 244,
Plymouth,
MI
48170




93

Wealthminder
score








Brandon Scheitler (CRD# 5121780) is an Investment Advisor Representative working at
Schwartz Investment Counsel Inc. in Plymouth, MI and has 
over 10 years
of experience in the finance industry.






3















Robert C. Schwartz



CRD#:
4473324



801 W. Ann Arbor Trail, Ste 244,
Plymouth,
MI
48170




93

Wealthminder
score








Robert Schwartz (CRD# 4473324) is an Investment Advisor Representative working at
Schwartz Investment Counsel Inc. in Plymouth, MI and has 
over 15 years
of experience in the finance industry.






4















Gregory R. Heilman



CRD#:
4667513



801 W. Ann Arbor Trail, Ste 244,
Plymouth,
MI
48170




90

Wealthminder
score








Gregory Heilman (CRD# 4667513) is an Investment Advisor Representative working at
Schwartz Investment Counsel Inc. in Plymouth, MI and has 
1 year
of experience in the finance industry.






5















Richard L. Platte



CRD#:
4344244



801 W. Ann Arbor Trail, Ste 244,
Plymouth,
MI
48170




90

Wealthminder
score








Richard Platte (CRD# 4344244) is an Investment Advisor Representative working at
Schwartz Investment Counsel Inc. in Plymouth, MI and has 
1 year
of experience in the finance industry.






6















George P. Schwartz



CRD#:
416272



801 W. Ann Arbor Trail, Ste 244,
Plymouth,
MI
48170




90

Wealthminder
score








George Schwartz (CRD# 416272) is an Investment Advisor Representative working at
Schwartz Investment Counsel Inc. in Plymouth, MI and has 
1 year
of experience in the finance industry.













Our primary data source is public filings of Form ADV as published by the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) and made available in accordance with the Freedom of Information Act (FOIA). Supplementary information may be provided by listed advisors or their representatives.
Because many firms provide a variety of products or services, an individual may or may not be registered to operate under all services provided by the firm.Do not rely solely on the information on this page. The information may be inaccurate, incomplete or outdated. For the most accurate and up-to-date information, please search for the firm or individual on the SEC site at
http://www.adviserinfo.sec.gov/IAPD/Content/Search/iapd_Search.aspx







Ready to hire a financial advisor?

Get competitive proposals from multiple advisors.

















Request Proposals























Timeout!



You have been idle and will be logged out in

seconds.


Stay Logged In
Log Out Now



















Schwartz Investment Counsel, Inc.  » Mission Statement

























Schwartz Investment Counsel, Inc.

Providing investment counseling services to families, trusts, retirement funds, foundations, endowments, corporations and mutual funds.





About

Mission Statement
Philosophy
Focus

Equity Investment Process
Fixed Income Investment Process


People

Message from our Founder & CEO


Our Legacy
News


Investing

Private Clients
Schwartz Value Focused Fund

Schwartz Value Focused Fund (RCMFX)


Ave Maria Mutual Funds
Ave Maria Separately Managed Accounts


Contact


 


Mission Statement
Our primary objective is to provide superior investment counsel to fiduciaries and families. The interests of our clients are placed above all other considerations. Counseling is tailored to the particular needs and objectives of each individual client. We seek clients with whom we have shared values. We conduct ourselves with integrity in every aspect of our profession, realizing that our reputation is our most valuable asset and if lost, is irreplaceable. Employees are well educated and well compensated. We measure our success in terms of clients’ investment objectives being met. We pursue these principles without calculating the consequences.
 
 
 
 



We measure our success in terms of clients’ investment objectives being met.


Our reputation is our most valuable asset and if lost, is irreplaceable.








				Copyright 2017 Schwartz Investment Counsel, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
				801 West Ann Arbor Trail • Suite 244 • Plymouth, MI 48170 • 734-455-7777
			

About
Investing
Contact
 





You are now leaving the Schwartz Investment Counsel, Inc. website and accessing the Schwartz Value Focused Fund site.
Continue »











Schwartz Investment Counsel, Inc.  » Private Clients

























Schwartz Investment Counsel, Inc.

Providing investment counseling services to families, trusts, retirement funds, foundations, endowments, corporations and mutual funds.





About

Mission Statement
Philosophy
Focus

Equity Investment Process
Fixed Income Investment Process


People

Message from our Founder & CEO


Our Legacy
News


Investing

Private Clients
Schwartz Value Focused Fund

Schwartz Value Focused Fund (RCMFX)


Ave Maria Mutual Funds
Ave Maria Separately Managed Accounts


Contact


 


Private Clients
Managed portfolios for private clients can be comprised of common stocks, high-grade fixed income securities or a combination of the two.  State-specific municipal bonds may be included for those desiring tax-free income.  Portfolios may also be constructed to exclude or emphasize certain securities.
 
 
 
 
 




Equity investment process
Fixed income investment process
Balanced Portfolios 
The Importance of Equities




Quarterly Commentary
Fees & Investment Minimums









				Copyright 2017 Schwartz Investment Counsel, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
				801 West Ann Arbor Trail • Suite 244 • Plymouth, MI 48170 • 734-455-7777
			

About
Investing
Contact
 





You are now leaving the Schwartz Investment Counsel, Inc. website and accessing the Schwartz Value Focused Fund site.
Continue »











Schwartz Investment Counsel, Inc. 


























Schwartz Investment Counsel, Inc.

Providing investment counseling services to families, trusts, retirement funds, foundations, endowments, corporations and mutual funds.





About

Mission Statement
Philosophy
Focus

Equity Investment Process
Fixed Income Investment Process


People

Message from our Founder & CEO


Our Legacy
News


Investing

Private Clients
Schwartz Value Focused Fund

Schwartz Value Focused Fund (RCMFX)


Ave Maria Mutual Funds
Ave Maria Separately Managed Accounts


Contact


 









Welcome to Schwartz Investment Counsel, Inc., established in 1980 and headquartered in Plymouth, Michigan. The Firm provides investment counseling services to families, trusts, retirement funds, foundations, endowments, corporations and mutual funds. Our highly-experienced portfolio managers and analysts are laser-focused on managing high-quality stock and bond portfolios. Our clients benefit from the firm’s key tenets:

Focus on long-term, mutually beneficial relationships
Strong commitment to fiduciary responsibility and prudent investing to meet clients’ investment objectives while remaining consistent with their risk tolerance levels
Diligent application of fundamental security analysis and strict discipline to provide continuity and stability to investment portfolios

 
 
 



“Investing is most intelligent when it is business-like.”
— Benjamin Graham








				Copyright 2017 Schwartz Investment Counsel, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
				801 West Ann Arbor Trail • Suite 244 • Plymouth, MI 48170 • 734-455-7777
			

About
Investing
Contact
 





You are now leaving the Schwartz Investment Counsel, Inc. website and accessing the Schwartz Value Focused Fund site.
Continue »













Schwartz Investment Counsel, Inc.  » Schwartz Value Focused Fund

























Schwartz Investment Counsel, Inc.

Providing investment counseling services to families, trusts, retirement funds, foundations, endowments, corporations and mutual funds.





About

Mission Statement
Philosophy
Focus

Equity Investment Process
Fixed Income Investment Process


People

Message from our Founder & CEO


Our Legacy
News


Investing

Private Clients
Schwartz Value Focused Fund

Schwartz Value Focused Fund (RCMFX)


Ave Maria Mutual Funds
Ave Maria Separately Managed Accounts


Contact


 


Schwartz Value Focused Fund
Schwartz Value Focused Fund (“SVF”) is a mutual fund which seeks long-term capital appreciation through value investing – purchasing shares of strong, growing companies at reasonable prices.
Because small and medium size companies offer vast reward opportunities, fundamental analysis is used to identify emerging companies with outstanding business characteristics. Sometimes the best values are issues not followed by Wall Street analysts. Most value investors attempt to buy fair companies at an excellent price. SVF attempts to buy excellent companies at a fair price. The essence of value investing is finding companies with great business characteristics which by their nature, offer a margin of safety. A truly fine business requires few assets to produce a consistently expanding stream of income. SVF also purchases shares which are temporarily out-of-favor and selling below intrinsic value.
A common thread in SVF investments is that the market price is below what a corporate or entrepreneurial buyer might be willing to pay for the entire business. The auction nature and the inefficiencies of the stock market are such that SVF can often buy a minority interest in a fine company at a small fraction of the price per share necessary to acquire the entire company.
 
Past performance does not guarantee future results.
Mutual Fund investing involves risk, principal loss is possible. The Fund’s investments in small- and mid- capitalization companies could experience greater volatility than investments in large-capitalization companies.
Prospective investors should read the prospectus carefully and consider the Fund’s investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses carefully before investing. The prospectus, which can be obtained by calling 1-800-449-9240 or online at www.schwartzvaluefocusedfund.com, contains this and other important information. 
Distributed by Ultimus Fund Distributors, LLC.




Quarterly Fund Fact Sheet
Prospectus
Quarterly Commentary
Account Application
IRA Application
Roth IRA Application
Annual Report
Semi-Annual Report
Statement of Additional Information
XBRL



Account Access
Shareholders
Financial Professionals


Schwartz Value Focused Fund Facts & Figures
Learn More >


“Value investing consists of nothing more than purchasing a future stream of earnings at an attractive price.”
— Rick Platte, CFA


FINRA’s BrokerCheck
Check the background of Ultimus Fund Distributors, LLC on FINRA’s BrokerCheck.








				Copyright 2017 Schwartz Investment Counsel, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
				801 West Ann Arbor Trail • Suite 244 • Plymouth, MI 48170 • 734-455-7777
			

About
Investing
Contact
 





You are now leaving the Schwartz Investment Counsel, Inc. website and accessing the Schwartz Value Focused Fund site.
Continue »











Schwartz Investment Counsel, Inc.  » Contact Us



























Schwartz Investment Counsel, Inc.

Providing investment counseling services to families, trusts, retirement funds, foundations, endowments, corporations and mutual funds.





About

Mission Statement
Philosophy
Focus

Equity Investment Process
Fixed Income Investment Process


People

Message from our Founder & CEO


Our Legacy
News


Investing

Private Clients
Schwartz Value Focused Fund

Schwartz Value Focused Fund (RCMFX)


Ave Maria Mutual Funds
Ave Maria Separately Managed Accounts


Contact


 


Contact Us
We welcome inquiries about our company and investment strategies. Please feel free to contact us by email, phone, fax,or mail. Our business hours are Monday through Friday, 8 a.m. to 5 p.m. EST.

First Name*Last Name*Phone*Email Address*


Enter Email



Confirm Email


Message*

  










This iframe contains the logic required to handle AJAX powered Gravity Forms.

PRIVACY STATEMENT
Download Now.



Schwartz Investment Counsel, Inc. 

Michigan:
801 West Ann Arbor Trail
Suite 244
Plymouth, MI 48170
Phone: (734) 455-7777
Fax: (734) 455-7720
 
Florida:
5060 Annunciation Circle
Suite 101
Ave Maria, FL 34142
Phone: (239) 867-4520
Fax: (239) 867-4525








				Copyright 2017 Schwartz Investment Counsel, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
				801 West Ann Arbor Trail • Suite 244 • Plymouth, MI 48170 • 734-455-7777
			

About
Investing
Contact
 





You are now leaving the Schwartz Investment Counsel, Inc. website and accessing the Schwartz Value Focused Fund site.
Continue »











Schwartz Investment Counsel, Inc.  » Investing With Us

























Schwartz Investment Counsel, Inc.

Providing investment counseling services to families, trusts, retirement funds, foundations, endowments, corporations and mutual funds.





About

Mission Statement
Philosophy
Focus

Equity Investment Process
Fixed Income Investment Process


People

Message from our Founder & CEO


Our Legacy
News


Investing

Private Clients
Schwartz Value Focused Fund

Schwartz Value Focused Fund (RCMFX)


Ave Maria Mutual Funds
Ave Maria Separately Managed Accounts


Contact


 


Investing With Us
Through a variety of investment products we strive to help others to reach their investment objectives.  These range from mutual funds geared to individual investors to separately managed accounts aimed at institutional investors.
No matter the size of the account, we maintain a disciplined investment philosophy, with the objective of producing a positive, long-term experience for all of our shareholders.
In selecting individual stocks, special emphasis is placed on identifying companies with superior business characteristics and managerial integrity. Price alone cannot compensate for an absence of these qualities. In purchasing equities, we attempt to identify the price at which the market will value the shares three years hence. Because our firm is small, we are not limited to investing in large capitalization companies. We have deployed substantial experience in evaluating small- and mid-cap stocks with the value approach. We buy shares of financially powerful companies when they are out-of-favor and attractively priced, and sell them when they no longer meet our standards. This contrarian discipline reduces the risk of loss while enhancing returns. This approach to value investing has produced very good risk-adjusted returns for clients. We do not worship at the altar of relative performance, but instead strive for attractive absolute returns with low risk. Modest risk incurred is a very important ingredient in the formula. Some managers achieve higher returns, but subject their clients’ assets to significantly greater risks.
Fixed-income securities are often utilized for their defensive characteristics which include predictable income flow and relative principal stability. Based on low historical correlations, fixed income securities may provide a hedge in periods when the stock market performs poorly.  The Firm actively manages high-grade fixed-income portfolios with an emphasis on intermediate and shorter durations.  We also employ sector, credit, and yield curve analysis designed to benefit portfolios from rate shifts and spread changes without resorting to excessive swapping to capture tiny price fluctuations.  Quality is paramount in our selection process and we avoid junk bonds, mortgages and derivatives.
 
 
 
 
 



We offer a diverse menu of investment options including domestic and international equities as well as fixed income securities.


Demonstrated investment management expertise across market capitalizations.


“You only have to know two things about investing: Number 1 — don’t lose money.  And number 2 — don’t forget Number 1.”
— Warren Buffett








				Copyright 2017 Schwartz Investment Counsel, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
				801 West Ann Arbor Trail • Suite 244 • Plymouth, MI 48170 • 734-455-7777
			

About
Investing
Contact
 





You are now leaving the Schwartz Investment Counsel, Inc. website and accessing the Schwartz Value Focused Fund site.
Continue »











Schwartz Investment Counsel, Inc. 


























Schwartz Investment Counsel, Inc.

Providing investment counseling services to families, trusts, retirement funds, foundations, endowments, corporations and mutual funds.





About

Mission Statement
Philosophy
Focus

Equity Investment Process
Fixed Income Investment Process


People

Message from our Founder & CEO


Our Legacy
News


Investing

Private Clients
Schwartz Value Focused Fund

Schwartz Value Focused Fund (RCMFX)


Ave Maria Mutual Funds
Ave Maria Separately Managed Accounts


Contact


 









Welcome to Schwartz Investment Counsel, Inc., established in 1980 and headquartered in Plymouth, Michigan. The Firm provides investment counseling services to families, trusts, retirement funds, foundations, endowments, corporations and mutual funds. Our highly-experienced portfolio managers and analysts are laser-focused on managing high-quality stock and bond portfolios. Our clients benefit from the firm’s key tenets:

Focus on long-term, mutually beneficial relationships
Strong commitment to fiduciary responsibility and prudent investing to meet clients’ investment objectives while remaining consistent with their risk tolerance levels
Diligent application of fundamental security analysis and strict discipline to provide continuity and stability to investment portfolios

 
 
 



“Investing is most intelligent when it is business-like.”
— Benjamin Graham








				Copyright 2017 Schwartz Investment Counsel, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
				801 West Ann Arbor Trail • Suite 244 • Plymouth, MI 48170 • 734-455-7777
			

About
Investing
Contact
 





You are now leaving the Schwartz Investment Counsel, Inc. website and accessing the Schwartz Value Focused Fund site.
Continue »













Schwartz Investment Counsel, Inc.  » Contact Us



























Schwartz Investment Counsel, Inc.

Providing investment counseling services to families, trusts, retirement funds, foundations, endowments, corporations and mutual funds.





About

Mission Statement
Philosophy
Focus

Equity Investment Process
Fixed Income Investment Process


People

Message from our Founder & CEO


Our Legacy
News


Investing

Private Clients
Schwartz Value Focused Fund

Schwartz Value Focused Fund (RCMFX)


Ave Maria Mutual Funds
Ave Maria Separately Managed Accounts


Contact


 


Contact Us
We welcome inquiries about our company and investment strategies. Please feel free to contact us by email, phone, fax,or mail. Our business hours are Monday through Friday, 8 a.m. to 5 p.m. EST.

First Name*Last Name*Phone*Email Address*


Enter Email



Confirm Email


Message*

  










This iframe contains the logic required to handle AJAX powered Gravity Forms.

PRIVACY STATEMENT
Download Now.



Schwartz Investment Counsel, Inc. 

Michigan:
801 West Ann Arbor Trail
Suite 244
Plymouth, MI 48170
Phone: (734) 455-7777
Fax: (734) 455-7720
 
Florida:
5060 Annunciation Circle
Suite 101
Ave Maria, FL 34142
Phone: (239) 867-4520
Fax: (239) 867-4525








				Copyright 2017 Schwartz Investment Counsel, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
				801 West Ann Arbor Trail • Suite 244 • Plymouth, MI 48170 • 734-455-7777
			

About
Investing
Contact
 





You are now leaving the Schwartz Investment Counsel, Inc. website and accessing the Schwartz Value Focused Fund site.
Continue »











Schwartz Investment Counsel, Inc.  » Investing With Us

























Schwartz Investment Counsel, Inc.

Providing investment counseling services to families, trusts, retirement funds, foundations, endowments, corporations and mutual funds.





About

Mission Statement
Philosophy
Focus

Equity Investment Process
Fixed Income Investment Process


People

Message from our Founder & CEO


Our Legacy
News


Investing

Private Clients
Schwartz Value Focused Fund

Schwartz Value Focused Fund (RCMFX)


Ave Maria Mutual Funds
Ave Maria Separately Managed Accounts


Contact


 


Investing With Us
Through a variety of investment products we strive to help others to reach their investment objectives.  These range from mutual funds geared to individual investors to separately managed accounts aimed at institutional investors.
No matter the size of the account, we maintain a disciplined investment philosophy, with the objective of producing a positive, long-term experience for all of our shareholders.
In selecting individual stocks, special emphasis is placed on identifying companies with superior business characteristics and managerial integrity. Price alone cannot compensate for an absence of these qualities. In purchasing equities, we attempt to identify the price at which the market will value the shares three years hence. Because our firm is small, we are not limited to investing in large capitalization companies. We have deployed substantial experience in evaluating small- and mid-cap stocks with the value approach. We buy shares of financially powerful companies when they are out-of-favor and attractively priced, and sell them when they no longer meet our standards. This contrarian discipline reduces the risk of loss while enhancing returns. This approach to value investing has produced very good risk-adjusted returns for clients. We do not worship at the altar of relative performance, but instead strive for attractive absolute returns with low risk. Modest risk incurred is a very important ingredient in the formula. Some managers achieve higher returns, but subject their clients’ assets to significantly greater risks.
Fixed-income securities are often utilized for their defensive characteristics which include predictable income flow and relative principal stability. Based on low historical correlations, fixed income securities may provide a hedge in periods when the stock market performs poorly.  The Firm actively manages high-grade fixed-income portfolios with an emphasis on intermediate and shorter durations.  We also employ sector, credit, and yield curve analysis designed to benefit portfolios from rate shifts and spread changes without resorting to excessive swapping to capture tiny price fluctuations.  Quality is paramount in our selection process and we avoid junk bonds, mortgages and derivatives.
 
 
 
 
 



We offer a diverse menu of investment options including domestic and international equities as well as fixed income securities.


Demonstrated investment management expertise across market capitalizations.


“You only have to know two things about investing: Number 1 — don’t lose money.  And number 2 — don’t forget Number 1.”
— Warren Buffett








				Copyright 2017 Schwartz Investment Counsel, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
				801 West Ann Arbor Trail • Suite 244 • Plymouth, MI 48170 • 734-455-7777
			

About
Investing
Contact
 





You are now leaving the Schwartz Investment Counsel, Inc. website and accessing the Schwartz Value Focused Fund site.
Continue »






