 



Frank T. MacInnis Retires from EMCOR Group, Inc. Board of Directors Steven B. Schwarzwaelder Elected to the Board of Directors | Business Wire


























































Frank T. MacInnis Retires from EMCOR Group, Inc. Board of Directors


Steven B. Schwarzwaelder Elected to the Board of Directors






October 30, 2015 09:00 AM Eastern Daylight Time



NORWALK, Conn.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--EMCOR Group, Inc. (NYSE: EME) today announced that Frank T. MacInnis, a 
      member of the Company’s board of directors and former Chief Executive 
      Officer and Chairman of the Board, has retired. Mr. MacInnis previously 
      served as Chairman of the Board from April 1994 to June 2013 and as 
      Chief Executive Officer from April 1994 to January 2011.
    


      Stephen W. Bershad, Chairman of the Board of EMCOR Group, stated: “We 
      are grateful to Frank for his long service to our Company and our board. 
      The Company has benefited from his stewardship and his leadership over 
      the last 21 years.”
    

      The Company also announced the election of Steven B. Schwarzwaelder to 
      its Board of Directors.
    

      Mr. Schwarzwaelder, 60, retired from McKinsey & Company in 2007 as a 
      Director after a career that spanned 27 years with the firm. During his 
      tenure with McKinsey, Mr. Schwarzwaelder was an elected member of 
      McKinsey’s Shareholders Council from 2000 to 2006, and was a member of 
      the Managing Director’s 5-person Advisory Committee, a member of the 
      Director Review Committee, and the Chair of the External Candidate 
      Election Committee. During his last five years with McKinsey, Mr. 
      Schwarzwaelder had oversight responsibility for McKinsey’s global 
      functional practices.
    

      Mr. Bershad commented: “We are pleased to welcome Steven Schwarzwaelder 
      to EMCOR’s Board of Directors. Steven has spent a successful career 
      advising industrial corporations in the areas of corporate and business 
      strategy, operations, mergers and acquisitions, sales and marketing, and 
      large-scale performance improvement programs. This extensive and deep 
      experience makes Steven an ideal addition to our Board and we look 
      forward to leveraging his insights as we continue to grow EMCOR.”
    

      Prior to joining McKinsey, Mr. Schwarzwaelder worked for Inland Steel in 
      Chicago in both its sales and finance areas. Since McKinsey, he has 
      served as a senior advisor to two private equity firms: Texas Pacific 
      Group (TPG) and Centerbridge Capital. From 2011 through March 2014, Mr. 
      Schwarzwaelder also served on the Board of Directors of Dana Corporation.
    

      Mr. Schwarzwaelder currently serves on the Board of Directors of two 
      private companies: Cardinal Logistics Holdings and Nexeo Solutions. He 
      also serves as an executive advisor to Teletracking, a leading provider 
      of operational systems to health care providers.
    

      Mr. Schwarzwaelder received a liberal arts degree from Denison 
      University and completed his MBA at the University of Chicago.
    

      EMCOR Group, Inc. is a Fortune 500 leader in mechanical and electrical 
      construction services, industrial and energy infrastructure and building 
      services. This press release and other press releases may be viewed at 
      the Company’s Web site at www.emcorgroup.com.
    

This release may contain certain forward-looking statements within 
      the meaning of the Private Securities Reform Act of 1995. Any such 
      comments are based upon information available to EMCOR management and 
      its perception thereof, as of this date, and EMCOR assumes no obligation 
      to update any such forward-looking statements. These forward-looking 
      statements may include statements regarding market opportunities, market 
      share growth, gross profit, backlog mix, projects with varying profit 
      margins, and selling, general and administrative expenses. These 
      forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties that could 
      cause actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking 
      statements. Accordingly these statements are no guarantee of future 
      performance. Such risk and uncertainties include, but are not limited 
      to, adverse effects of general economic conditions, changes in the 
      political environment, changes in the specific markets for EMCOR's 
      services, adverse business conditions, availability of adequate levels 
      of surety bonding, increased competition, unfavorable labor productivity 
      and mix of business. Certain of the risks and factors associated with 
      EMCOR's business are also discussed in the Company's 2014 Form 10-K and 
      in other reports filed from time to time with the Securities and 
      Exchange Commission. All these risks and factors should be taken into 
      account in evaluating any forward-looking statements.





Contacts

      FOR: EMCOR GROUP, INC.R. Kevin MatzExecutive Vice President, 
      Shared Services(203) 849-7938orFTI Consulting, Inc.Investors: 
      Michelle Bitman(212) 850-5600orLAK Public Relations, 
      Inc.Media: Lisa Linden / Mollie Fullington(212) 575-4545 / 
      (917) 346-6123
    












Contacts

      FOR: EMCOR GROUP, INC.R. Kevin MatzExecutive Vice President, 
      Shared Services(203) 849-7938orFTI Consulting, Inc.Investors: 
      Michelle Bitman(212) 850-5600orLAK Public Relations, 
      Inc.Media: Lisa Linden / Mollie Fullington(212) 575-4545 / 
      (917) 346-6123
    






 
 

 






Search




Advanced News Search

Advanced News Search













Log In
Sign Up












    Steven Schwarzwaelder | McKinsey & Company | ZoomInfo.com




Steven  Schwarzwaelder's Phone & Address | PeopleByName















 
Contact
Login










 Home
People Alphabetically
S
Schwarzwaelder

Steven  Schwarzwaelder




People directory with over 600,000,000 names!

Record ID: 717727808Steven B Schwarzwaelder532 Lincoln AvePittsburgh, PA 15202Background Check - Available
Record ID: 717727809Steven B Schwarzwaelder173 Backbone RdSewickley, PA 15143Age 62 (Born 1955)(412) 741-0219Background Check - Available








 


 




1,379,043,021 total records available




Tweet





  Testimonials Read testimonials from real customers who already used our services. Read More

  Webmasters Earn 75% commission on every sale you drive to our website. Weekly payouts! Read More

   Mobile Version Visit us from your smart phone anywhere you are. Read More

   Recent Lookups Check out the most recent reverse phone lookups on PeopleByName.com Read More

 



 Home Mobile Version Phone Directory People Directory Remove information
 Terms of Service Privacy Policy Affiliate Program About Us 
 Member Login Frequently Asked Questions Contact Us Testimonials 
 Careers Product & Services Volume Discounts Site Map 




© PeopleByName All Rights Reserved. 2010-2017






Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Steven B. Schwarzwaelder: Executive Profile & Biography - Bloomberg










































  





















































































July 28, 2017 2:24 PM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of Centerbridge Partners, L.P.



SnapshotPeople 




OverviewBoard MembersCommittees



Executive Profile
Steven B. Schwarzwaelder  Senior Advisor, Centerbridge Partners, L.P.AgeTotal Calculated CompensationThis person is connected to 1 Board Members in 1 different organizations across 3 different industries.See Board Relationships62--
Background

		Mr. Steven B. Schwarzwaelder, also known as Steve, serves as a Senior Advisor at Centerbridge Partners, L.P. Mr. Schwarzwaelder also serves as an Advisor of TPG Growth. He served as the Managing Director for Cleveland, Pittsburgh and Detroit office at McKinsey & Company and led its North American Operations Effectiveness Practice and provided oversight leadership to its global functional practices. At McKinsey, he primarily counseled industrial corporation Chief Executive ... Officers in corporate and business unit strategy, mergers and acquisitions, operations, sales and marketing and performance improvement programs. He joined McKinsey & Company in 1980 and served for 27 years of service. He retired from McKinsey in 2007 as a Director and an elected member of McKinsey's Shareholders Council from 2000 to 2006. During his last five years with McKinsey, he had oversight responsibility for McKinsey's global functional practices (Strategy, Operations, Corporate Finance, Marketing and Sales, Organization and Business Technology), Knowledge Operations and Research and Information Services. Prior to joining McKinsey, He worked for Inland Steel in Chicago in both its sales and finance areas. Since McKinsey, he has served as a senior advisor to two private equity firms: Texas Pacific Group (TPG) and Centerbridge Capital. From 2011 to March 2014, He also served on the Board of Directors of Dana Corporation. He has been a Director of EMCOR Group Inc. since October 29, 2015. He serves as a Director of Cardinal Logistics Holdings. He served as a Director of Nexeo Solutions Holdings, LLC since November 3, 2011. He served as a Director at Transportation 100 Holdco, L.L.C. He served as a Director of Dana Holding Corporation since August 30, 2011 until May 2014. He received a Liberal Arts degree from Denison University in 1977 with a major in Economics, where he graduated with Highest Distinction and was elected to Phi Beta Kappa and earned a Master of Business Administration degree, with Honors, from the University of Chicago, in 1980.Read Full Background




Corporate Headquarters
375 Park AvenueNew York, New York 10152-0002United StatesPhone: 212-672-5000Fax: 212-672-5001
Board Members Memberships
2015-PresentDirectorEMCOR Group, Inc.
Education
MBA 1980The University of ChicagoUnknown/Other Education 1977Denison University
Other Affiliations
EMCOR Group, Inc.Dana IncorporatedThe University of ChicagoTPG GrowthNexeo Solutions Holdings, LLCDenison UniversityTransportation 100 Holdco, L.L.C.


Annual Compensation
				There is no Annual Compensation data available.
				Stocks Options
				There is no Stock Options data available.
				Total Compensation
				There is no Total Compensation data available.
			



Request Profile Update
















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



COMPETITOR COMPENSATIONThere is no Competitor Compensation data available.










Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Centerbridge Partners, L.P., please visit .  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close





























Steven B Schwarzwaelder - Pittsburgh, PA | Intelius



























Sign In



We found Steven B Schwarzwaelder in Pittsburgh, PA


Steven B Schwarzwaelder

                                                                           Intelius found that Steven B Schwarzwaelder  is  a male between 60 and 70 years old from Pittsburgh, PA.  We have connected them to
                14 addresses,
                5 phones,
                and 3 relatives or associates.
         





Also Known As

Steve  Schwarzwaelder


Get Report Now

Age

Steven B Schwarzwaelder is in his 60s

Steven Has Lived In

Pittsburgh, PA
El Paso, TX
Norwalk, CT

Steven's Relatives

Cheryl Schwarzwaelder
Ann Matherlee
Katlyn Schwarzwaelder







Steven B Schwarzwaelder



Zodiac SignAries



GenderMale



Professional Status
Board Member at EMCOR Group , Inc.



Get Report Now










Want to know more about Steven? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about Steven, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on Steven B Schwarzwaelder
Get a Criminal Check on Steven B Schwarzwaelder
Get a Public Record Report on Steven B Schwarzwaelder
Get a People Search Report on Steven B Schwarzwaelder


Steven B Schwarzwaelder's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where Steven B Schwarzwaelder has lived as well as Steven B Schwarzwaelder's phone numbers and email addresses.




Steven B Schwarzwaelder Has Lived in 6 States
Pennsylvania Address for Steven B Schwarzwaelder


110 W******* R* 

Pittsburgh, PA


Has Lived In

Pittsburgh, PA
El Paso, TX


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with Steven B Schwarzwaelder

(941) ***-**** - Sarasota, FL 
(412) ***-**** - Sewickley, PA 
(312) ***-**** - Chicago, IL 


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with Steven B Schwarzwaelder



Get Email Report




Steven B Schwarzwaelder's Education Information
Known Schools Attended
Learn about Steven B Schwarzwaelder's academic history.  Find out which schools Steven B Schwarzwaelder attended, the dates attended as well as the degrees Steven B Schwarzwaelder received.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Steven B Schwarzwaelder Has Attended 2 Schools
Denison University Steven B Schwarzwaelder has a Liberal Arts degree in Economics               
University of Chicago                                             


Steven B Schwarzwaelder's Professional Information
Information regarding Steven B Schwarzwaelder's professional history.  Find out previous places Steven B Schwarzwaelder has worked as well as dates employed.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Steven B Schwarzwaelder Has Worked at 6 Places
Company: EMCOR Group , Inc.
               Title: Board Member
Company: Mckinsey & Company
               Title: Director
Steven B Schwarzwaelder's Experience
Title: Board Member
               Company: EMCOR Group , Inc.
Job Details
               A Fortune 500 company with estimated 2016 revenues of ~$7.4B, EMCOR Group, Inc. (NYSE: EME) is a leader in mechanical and electrical construction, industrial and energy infrastructure, and building services. A provider of critical infrastructure systems, EMCOR gives life to new structures and sustains life in existing ones by its planning, installing, operating, maintaining, and protecting the sophisticated and dynamic systems that create facility environments---such as electrical, mechanical, lighting, air conditioning, heating, security, fire protection, and power generation systems---in virtually every sector of the economy and for a diverse range of businesses, organizations and government. EMCOR represents a rare combination of broad reach with local execution, combining the strength of an industry leader with the knowledge and care of 170 locations. The ~33,000 skilled employees of EMCOR have made the Company, in the eyes of leading business publications, amongst the "World's Most Admired" and "Best Managed". EMCOR's diversity---in terms of the services it provides, the industries it serves and the geography it spans---has enabled it to create a stable platform for sustained results. The Company's strong financial position has enabled it to attract and retain among the best local and regional talent, to undertake and complete the most ambitious projects, and to redefine and shape the future of the construction and facilities services industry.
Title: Director
               Company: Mckinsey & Company
Job Details
               McKinsey & Company is a global management consulting firm dedicated to helping the world's leading organizations address their strategic challenges. With consultants deployed in more than 50 countries around the globe, McKinsey advises on strategic, operational, organizational and technological issues. For more than eight decades, the firm's primary objective has been to serve as an organization's most trusted external advisor on critical issues facing senior management.
Additional Professional Information on Steven B Schwarzwaelder

 See Steven B Schwarzwaelder's LinkedIn Profile



Steven B Schwarzwaelder's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for Steven B Schwarzwaelder


Steven B Schwarzwaelder's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of Steven B Schwarzwaelder's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
Steven Schwarzwaelder
Username Matches

                  StevenSchwarzwaelder
                  SchwarzwaelderSteven
                  Steven.Schwarzwaelder
                  Schwarzwaelder.Steven
                  Steven_Schwarzwaelder
                  Schwarzwaelder_Steven
                  Steven-Schwarzwaelder
                  Schwarzwaelder-Steven
                  SSchwarzwaelder
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
S Schwarzwaelder







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.




















Steven B. Schwarzwaelder - Executive Bio, Compensation History, and Contacts - Equilar Atlas










 

















Log in | Sign up








x

 






As Featured In



















Steven B. Schwarzwaelder
Board Member at EMCOR Group, Inc.


View Full Profile
Are you Steven B. Schwarzwaelder? Claim your profile


 


Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Steven B. Schwarzwaelder's full profile. 
With Equilar Atlas, you can:



IDENTIFY corporate executives in Steven B. Schwarzwaelder's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Steven B. Schwarzwaelder's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Steven B. Schwarzwaelder through your network of contacts.
												








Steven B. Schwarzwaelder's Executive Work History


Current


Board Member, 
EMCOR Group, Inc.


Past
To view Steven B. Schwarzwaelder's complete executive work history, sign up now
Education


Denison University


														 M.B.A., 
															University of Chicago


Age
61

 
 


Steven B. Schwarzwaelder's Biography



Mr. Schwarzwaelder was a Director at McKinsey & Company and consulted largely with global industrial corporations during his 27 years with the firm from August 1980 through March 2007. As a Director, he also served as an elected member of McKinsey's Shareholders' Council from 2000 through 2006, an appointed member of the Managing Directors' 5-person Advisory Committee and had oversight responsibility for McKinsey's global functional practices (Strategy, Operations, Corporate Finance, Marketing & Sales, Organization, and Business Technology). Currently, Mr. Schwarzwaelder serves on the Board of Directors of Cardinal Logistics Holdings and also ...
(Read More)

			Mr. Schwarzwaelder was a Director at McKinsey & Company and consulted largely with global industrial corporations during his 27 years with the firm from August 1980 through March 2007. As a Director, he also served as an elected member of McKinsey's Shareholders' Council from 2000 through 2006, an appointed member of the Managing Directors' 5-person Advisory Committee and had oversight responsibility for McKinsey's global functional practices (Strategy, Operations, Corporate Finance, Marketing & Sales, Organization, and Business Technology). Currently, Mr. Schwarzwaelder serves on the Board of Directors of Cardinal Logistics Holdings and also serves as an executive advisor to TeleTracking, a leading provider of operational systems to health care providers. From 2011 through March 2014, Mr. Schwarzwaelder served on the Board of Directors of Dana Corporation and from 2011 through June 2016, he served on the Board of Directors of Nexeo Solutions. He served as a Senior Advisor to Centerbridge Capital and TPG from November 2013 through December 2014 and from March 2011 through December 2015, respectively. He has been one of our directors since October 29, 2015. With over 27 years of experience at McKinsey and as a director of both public and private companies, Steve has a deep and extensive background in corporate governance, strategy, operations, mergers and acquisitions, sales and marketing, and large-scale performance improvement programs.
		
Source: EMCOR Group, Inc. on 04/19/2017
		
	

 






Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Steven B. Schwarzwaelder's full profile. 



												By accessing Equilar Atlas, you can view bios, network, salary and wealth events
												of industry-leading executives like Steven B. Schwarzwaelder. More specifically, you'll be able to:
												

IDENTIFY corporate executives in Steven B. Schwarzwaelder's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Steven B. Schwarzwaelder's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Steven B. Schwarzwaelder through your network of conections.
												




View Full Profile


 








Search for over 360,000 executive profiles.





/bio



													Example: Steven B. Schwarzwaelder


















Steven B. Schwarzwaelder's Connections (68)





Sign up now to view Steven B. Schwarzwaelder's 68 connections »









John H. Williford
Former Senior Vice President and President and Former Chief Executive Officer of Menlo Worldwide, LLC, Con-way Inc.









Roger J. Wood
Board Member, Brunswick Corporation









Brandt F. McKee
Former Board Member, Dana Incorporated









Kenneth M. Burke
Board Member, EQT Corporation









Maxine L. Mauricio
Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary, EMCOR Group, Inc.









Jerry E. Ryan
Board Member, EMCOR Group, Inc.









Mark A. Schulz
Board Member, Dana Incorporated









Aziz S. Aghili
President, Off-Highway Technologies, Dana Incorporated









Terrence J. Keating
Board Member, Dana Incorporated









David H. Laidley
Board Member, EMCOR Group, Inc.








Popular Profiles






														Sign up now to view more executive profiles »
														









Thomas J. Lynch
Executive Chairman, TE Connectivity Ltd.









John J. Kita
EVP and CFO, A. O. Smith









Carl G. Annessa
EVP and COO, Hornbeck Offshore Services, Inc.









Elon R. Musk
CEO and Chairman, Tesla









Michael C. Montgomery
Board Member, NMI Holdings, Inc.












×

Claim Your Profile Coming Soon
Interested in updating your biography and work history?
We're working on making it happen.
We'll email you when this feature is available.
Please enter valid email address.

Done


Thank you for your interest.
Ok






			Browse executive profiles:
			
				 A
			
				 B
			
				 C
			
				 D
			
				 E
			
				 F
			
				 G
			
				 H
			
				 I
			
				 J
			
				 K
			
				 L
			
				 M
			
				 N
			
				 O
			
				 P
			
				 Q
			
				 R
			
				 S
			
				 T
			
				 U
			
				 V
			
				 W
			
				 X
			
				 Y
			
				 Z



Equilar Homepage
Equilar Atlas
Equilar Insight
Equilar BoardEdge
Equilar Engage
Research Services
Knowledge Network
About Us
Login

ï¿½ 2017 Equilar All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
1100 Marshall Street, Redwood City, CA 94063 | Phone (650) 241-6600 | Fax (650) 701-0993



























EMCOR Group announces the election of Steven Schwarzwaelder to its Board of Directors





























































































































[email protected]








twitterlinkedin







About

Our Vision, our Mission
Our Team
Our Values
Our Partners
FAQ
Terms & Conditions
Privacy policy


Board News

latest Board News
Board News by location…

Europe
USA / Canada
Middle East
all the others


Board News by company type

Public / Listed
VC / PE backed
Privately held
Trust / Fund / REIT


Board News by industry…

Life Sciences / Health Care
Financials
Information Technology


Women on Board
submit a Press Release


Board Directory

Company Press Releases
Public / Listed
Global 500
Fortune 500
Private or VC / PE backed
Unicorns
Trust / Fund


Newsletter
Contact
Log In
Register

Select PageAbout    Our Vision, our Mission
    Our Team
    Our Values
    Our Partners
    FAQ
    Terms & Conditions
    Privacy policy
Board News    latest Board News
    Board News by location…        Europe
        USA / Canada
        Middle East
        all the others
    Board News by company type        Public / Listed
        VC / PE backed
        Privately held
        Trust / Fund / REIT
    Board News by industry…        Life Sciences / Health Care
        Financials
        Information Technology
    Women on Board
    submit a Press Release
Board Directory    Company Press Releases
    Public / Listed
    Global 500
    Fortune 500
    Private or VC / PE backed
    Unicorns
    Trust / Fund
Newsletter
Contact
Log In
Register







HomeBoard - USA / Can. Board Listed/Public Companies EMCOR Group  announces the election of Steven Schwarzwaelder to its Board of Directors EMCOR Group  announces the election of Steven Schwarzwaelder to its Board of Directors








October 30, 2015
By  Talent4Boards Team
Comments are Off
Board - USA / Can., Board Listed/Public Companies


– USA, CT – EMCOR Group, Inc. (NYSE: EME) today announced that Frank T. MacInnis, a member of the Company’s board of directors and former Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board, has retired. Mr. MacInnis previously served as Chairman of the Board from April 1994 to June 2013 and as Chief Executive Officer from April 1994 to January 2011.
Stephen W. Bershad, Chairman of the Board of EMCOR Group, stated: “We are grateful to Frank for his long service to our Company and our board. The Company has benefited from his stewardship and his leadership over the last 21 years.”
The Company also announced the election of Steven B. Schwarzwaelder to its Board of Directors.
Mr. Schwarzwaelder, 60, retired from McKinsey & Company in 2007 as a Director after a career that spanned 27 years with the firm. During his tenure with McKinsey, Mr. Schwarzwaelder was an elected member of McKinsey’s Shareholders Council from 2000 to 2006, and was a member of the Managing Director’s 5-person Advisory Committee, a member of the Director Review Committee, and the Chair of the External Candidate Election Committee. During his last five years with McKinsey, Mr. Schwarzwaelder had oversight responsibility for McKinsey’s global functional practices.
Mr. Bershad commented: “We are pleased to welcome Steven Schwarzwaelder to EMCOR’s Board of Directors. Steven has spent a successful career advising industrial corporations in the areas of corporate and business strategy, operations, mergers and acquisitions, sales and marketing, and large-scale performance improvement programs. This extensive and deep experience makes Steven an ideal addition to our Board and we look forward to leveraging his insights as we continue to grow EMCOR.”
Prior to joining McKinsey, Mr. Schwarzwaelder worked for Inland Steel in Chicago in both its sales and finance areas. Since McKinsey, he has served as a senior advisor to two private equity firms: Texas Pacific Group (TPG) and Centerbridge Capital. From 2011 through March 2014, Mr. Schwarzwaelder also served on the Board of Directors of Dana Corporation.
Mr. Schwarzwaelder currently serves on the Board of Directors of two private companies: Cardinal Logistics Holdings and Nexeo Solutions. He also serves as an executive advisor to Teletracking, a leading provider of operational systems to health care providers.
Mr. Schwarzwaelder received a liberal arts degree from Denison University and completed his MBA at the University of Chicago.
EMCOR Group, Inc. is a Fortune 500 leader in mechanical and electrical construction services, industrial and energy infrastructure and building services.
- Disclaimer - News, data and statement included in this release are intended exclusively for information purposes. Product and brand names used in this release maybe trademarks or registered trade marks of their respective owners. Talent4Boards accepts neither liability for the consequences of the reader’s reliance, nor responsibility for the adequacy or accuracy of this release. No data or statement in this release should be considered a recommendation for the purchase, retention or sale of the securities referred to herein.Other related posts:EMCOR appoints Kevin McEvoy to the Board of DirectorsEMCOR Group adds John Altmeyer to the Board of DirectorsEMCOR Group appoints Carol Lowe to the Board of DirectorsTalent4Boards Teamhere the original post => 





Comments are closed.



Latest Boardroom News


Standard Chartered announces Dr Ngozi Okonjo-Iweala to its Board as upcoming Independent Non-Executive Director
July 27, 2017



Tri-Star Resources appoints Mark Wellesley-Wood as Executive Chairman
July 27, 2017



Pacific City Financial appoints Sang Lee as new Chairman of the Board of Directors
July 27, 2017



Medallion Financial adds John Everets to its Board as Independent Director
July 27, 2017



Morgan Stanley announces Board member Tom Glocer as upcoming Independent Lead Director
July 27, 2017











Random BoardsSprue AegisCox EnterprisesBBB TherapeuticsVantage HealthFrontier IP Group











© 2013-2017 - Talent4Boards Inc. - All rights reserved.  - Geneva - Miami - London - Boston - Paris - Shanghai - Monaco -







































Steven Schwarzwaelder - Emcor Group Insider Transactions | TipRanks   





Go ProLogin / Sign Up Follow✓Get Real Time TransactionsInsider DetailsSteven SchwarzwaelderEmcor Group (EME)Director Not RankedSteven Schwarzwaelder's PerformanceSteven Schwarzwaelder has not reported any informative transactions and therefore cannot be ranked.How are Insiders Ranked? Insider Holdings 64.3% Dana Holding (DAN) 35.7% Emcor Group (EME)$516KSee the Top Stocks by Insiders > Insider RolesDana Holding (DAN): DirectorEmcor Group (EME): DirectorSee the Top 25 Corporate Insiders > Steven Schwarzwaelder's Trading Historybased on Form 4 Follow✓Get Real Time TransactionsCompany NameInsider PositionHolding ValueLast TransactionLast Transaction  AmountLast Transaction DateEMEEmcor GroupDirector$184,022Uninformative Buy$0Jun 02, 2017DANDana HoldingDirector$331,528Uninformative Buy$0Mar 03, 2014See All Insider Trading from Today >You May Also LikeMeet our Smart Portfolio. See what top analysts say about your stocks.Get a breakdown of the different strategies based on detected insider trading activity.Find the best performing Analyst in each sector. Follow them so you never miss a recommendation.Related LinksHow can I benefit from Insider Trading? >See the Top 25 Corporate Insiders >Go to Hot Stocks by Insiders >Find which stocks Insiders traded today >Become a TipRanks MemberGet the best Investing Tips & Hacks straight to your emailFree MembershipSubmitInsider Trading Daily NewsletterProfessional day-trading strategy based on predictive insider transactionsAnnual Return: +85.42%Learn More >Powered by
























