    James Scibetta | Pacira Pharmaceuticals, Inc. | ZoomInfo.com










Today's Stock Market News and Analysis - Nasdaq.com



































































Hot Topics:
ETFs |
Smart Portfolio |
Currencies |
Online Broker Center















Search






















Home >
	Stock Market News




Today's Stock Market News & Analysis







    Facebook's 2017 Profitability Will Be Even Better Than Expected
    

By Motley Fool


    Investors were particularly encouraged by the company's outlook for expenses this year.
    






			3 ETFs to Keep You Invested After Retirement
			

By Motley Fool


        ETFs offer diversification, income, and growth at a low cost.
		




        Never Again: Big Oil Is Back And Practicing Caution
		

By Oilprice.com


        Oil majors are coming around to the idea that oil prices will remain depressed for the foreseeable future.
		




        3 Value Stocks for Wise Investors
		

By Motley Fool


        A look at 3 overlooked stocks.
		







Latest News Videos







As long as Amazon's investments tur... Post 'New Yorker' rant, this video ... North Korea launches ballistic miss... Bill Cohan's Advice to Anthony Scar... 




Latest News



Expedia Posting Strong Gain After Reporting Q2 Results


7/28/2017 2:16:00 PM - RTT News

Appears In: Fundamental Analysis




Italy passes Monte dei Paschi state rescue into law


7/28/2017 2:05:00 PM - Reuters

Appears In: Politics




TransCanada to make final decision on Keystone XL by December


7/28/2017 2:04:00 PM - Reuters

Appears In: World Markets




After-Hours Earnings Report for July 28, 2017 :  SGBK, URG


07/28/2017 2:00 PM - NASDAQ.com News

Appears In: Earnings




Banks must face interest rate swap class action -U.S. judge


7/28/2017 1:58:00 PM - Reuters

Appears In: Stocks




Oil jumps to 2-month high, heads for biggest weekly rise of 2017


7/28/2017 1:56:00 PM - Reuters

Appears In: Stocks




Charlie Gard, "beautiful little boy" at heart of dispute, dies


7/28/2017 1:52:00 PM - Reuters

Appears In: Stocks




National Oilwell Varco posts narrower second-quarter loss as revenue rises


7/28/2017 1:51:00 PM - Reuters

Appears In: Fundamental Analysis




Is This Why MuleSoft, Inc. Stock Fell Today?


07/28/2017 1:45 PM - Motley Fool

Appears In: Stocks




Health Care Sector Update for 07/28/2017: LMAT,CYTR,ATNM


07/28/2017 1:44 PM - MT Newswires

Appears In: US Markets




ANALYSIS-Amazon everywhere: E-commerce titan is topic companies can't avoid


7/28/2017 1:44:00 PM - Reuters

Appears In: Stocks




First Solar Pulls Back Off Best Levels But Remains Firmly Positive


7/28/2017 1:40:00 PM - RTT News

Appears In: Politics




Technology Sector Update for 07/28/2017: FSLR,ATEN,MSTR


07/28/2017 1:39 PM - MT Newswires

Appears In: Commodities




EXCLUSIVE-Majority of Americans support transgender military service


7/28/2017 1:39:00 PM - Reuters

Appears In: Government




Friday's ETF with Unusual Volume: FDN


07/28/2017 1:37 PM - BNK Invest

Appears In: Investing Ideas




Asset Sales Continue to Impact Welltower Inc's Results


07/28/2017 1:37 PM - Motley Fool

Appears In: Stocks




IMF says dollar overvalued; euro, yen, yuan broadly in line with fundamentals


7/28/2017 1:37:00 PM - Reuters

Appears In: Politics




Friday's ETF Movers: GDXJ, XME


07/28/2017 1:36 PM - BNK Invest

Appears In: Investing Ideas




Friday Sector Laggards: General Contractors & Builders, Non-Precious Metals & Non-Metallic Mining Stocks


07/28/2017 1:35 PM - BNK Invest

Appears In: Investing Ideas




Moog Powers Higher on Strength in Aircraft Controls, Components


07/28/2017 1:35 PM - Motley Fool

Appears In: Stocks





View More Headlines







Browse News by Category



ETFs


Mid-Day ETF Update: ETFs, Stocks Lower as Political Woes, Mixed Data...


These Hot Brazil, Chip, Large-Growth Plays Deflect Summer Cooldown


India Equity ETN (INP) Hits New 52-Week High




More ETFs



Technology


Comcast-Backed Virtual Reality Startup AltspaceVR Shuts Down


How Facebook’s Move to Video Will Fundamentally Change Its Business


Apple Discontinues iPod Shuffle and Nano




More Technology




Commodities


Technology Sector Update for 07/28/2017: FSLR,ATEN,MSTR


Consumer Sector Update for 07/28/2017: AAN,SAM,DEST


Mid-Day Market Update: Boston Beer Surges On Earnings Beat;...




More Commodities



Investing ideas


Friday's ETF with Unusual Volume: FDN


Friday's ETF Movers: GDXJ, XME


Friday Sector Laggards: General Contractors & Builders, Non-Precious...




More Investing ideas













Market Intelligence



Stay ahead of the markets with these must-read articles



3D Printing is Quietly Thriving Without Mainstream Adoption

Trevir Nath


Nasdaq (NDAQ) 2nd Quarter Profit Surges More Than Twofold

Richard Saintvilus


An In-Depth Look At Baidu's (BIDU) Artificial Intelligence Aspirations

Prableen Bajpai

















Stock Market Today






Stocks to Watch




                  Why Chevron's Earnings Weren't as Bad as They Looked
            






Featured Story from



















Latest Articles by Martin Tillier




                        Martin Tiller's new must-read column on the markets
Enlightening. Entertaining. Every day. Only at NASDAQ.com.



The Case for 2 Beleaguered Oilfield Service Stocks


                                    07/28/2017 9:04 AM
                                


Earnings Confirm Facebook Is Better Investment Than Twitter


                                    07/27/2017 11:06 AM
                                


Eli Lilly (LLY)'s Seemingly Illogical Reaction To Earnings Beat


                                    07/25/2017 10:28 AM
                                


Week Ahead: Earnings Highlights


                                    07/24/2017 10:15 AM
                                


Don't Count OPEC Out Yet


                                    07/21/2017 9:26 AM
                                




More Martin Tillier




























CLOSEX

Edit Favorites

Enter up to 25 symbols separated by commas or spaces in the text box below. These symbols will be available during your session for use on applicable pages.






Update

Clear List







CLOSEX
Customize your NASDAQ.com experience
Background Color Selector

Select the background color of your choice:





 Black
							





 Slate Gray
							






 Light Gray
							





 Gray Blue
							






Quote Search

Select a default target page for your quote search:



						 Real-Time

						 After Hours

						 Pre-Market
 News
					


						 Flash Quote

						 Summary Quote

						 Interactive Charts

						 Default Setting




					Please note that once you make your selection, it will apply to all future visits to NASDAQ.com.
					If, at any time, you are interested in reverting to our default settings, please select Default Setting above.
					
					If you have any questions or encounter any issues in changing your default settings, please email isfeedback@nasdaq.com.
				





CLOSEX
Please confirm your selection:

					You have selected to change your default setting for the Quote Search. This will now be your default target page;
					unless you change your configuration again, or you delete your
					cookies. Are you sure you want to change your settings?


YES
NO













CLOSEX


Please disable your ad blocker (or update your settings to ensure that javascript and cookies are enabled), so that we can continue to provide you with the first-rate market news and data you've come to expect from us.





CLOSEX







































	Nephros Inc Appoints James S Scibetta as Chairman of Board of Directors













































Employer:
Login
Post Jobs


Job Seeker:
Login
Sign Up

























Search Life Sciences Jobs





Search Job Title Only












Radius:
Miles



Km80.5
















                 News | News By Subject | News by Disease |  
    News By Date | Search News



















Get Our FREEIndustry eNewsletter

email:


*
            
*
            



















 

 






Nephros Inc. (NEP) Appoints James S. Scibetta as Chairman of Board of Directors  











Tweet








9/17/2008 10:54:30 AM


NEW YORK, Sept. 17 /PRNewswire-FirstCall/ -- Nephros, Inc. , a medical device company focused on developing advanced filtration products for ESRD therapy and water purification, announced today that Mr. James S. Scibetta was appointed to serve as Chairman of its Board of Directors. Mr. Scibetta is a highly respected healthcare industry executive with more than 20 years of experience in investment banking and corporate management."We are pleased to have such an experienced healthcare industry executive as Chairman of our Board of Directors," said Eric Rose, who has stepped down as Lead Director of Nephros in connection with Mr. Scibetta's election as Chairman, but will remain on the Board of Directors. "Jim possesses substantial industry knowledge as well as corporate governance and management experience. As we drive our development and marketing programs forward, Jim's experience and proven track record in corporate strategy will be a valuable asset to the Company's Board and to its newly appointed CEO."Mr. Scibetta is currently the Chief Financial Officer of Pacira Pharmaceuticals, Inc, an acute care specialty pharmaceutical company with a primary focus on developing products which satisfy the needs of customers in the institutional marketplace.  He is also a Director and Audit Committee Chairman of Labopharm, Inc. (NasdaqGM: DDSS), an international specialty pharmaceutical company focused on improving existing drugs by incorporating its proprietary, advanced controlled-release technologies.  Previously, Mr. Scibetta was a consultant to Genzyme Corporation following his instrumental role as CFO of Bioenvision Inc. in its 2007 sale to Genzyme for $345 million.  Prior to his tenure at Bioenvision Mr. Scibetta was EVP and CFO of Merrimack Pharmaceuticals, Inc. where he aided the company in raising over $140 million of equity and debt capital.  Prior to his life science company executive tenures, Jim held senior investment banking positions at PaineWebber and Shattuck Hammond Partners where he was responsible for sourcing and executing capital raising, strategic advisory and mergers & acquisitions transactions for a broad base of public and private technology-based healthcare companies encompassing businesses of biotechnology, pharmacy benefits management, CRO, health and wellness benefits management, disease management, evidenced-based medicine and others."I am honored to serve as Chairman of Nephros's Board of Directors," said Mr. Scibetta. "I look forward to working actively with the entire Nephros management team as they move the Company's products forward and advance the Company's strategic business objectives."Mr. Scibetta holds a B.S. in Physics from Wake Forest University and an M.B.A. in Finance from the University of Michigan. He completed executive education studies in the Harvard Business School Leadership & Strategy in Pharmaceuticals and Biotechnology program.About Nephros, Inc.Nephros, Inc., headquartered in New York, is a medical device company developing and marketing products designed to improve the quality of life for the End-Stage Renal Disease (ESRD) patient while addressing the critical financial and clinical needs of the care provider. ESRD is a disease state characterized by the irreversible loss of kidney function. The Nephros HDF system is designed to remove a range of harmful substances more effectively, and more cost-effectively, than existing ESRD treatment methods; particularly with respect to substances known collectively as "middle molecules." These molecules have been found to contribute to such conditions as dialysis-related amyloidosis, carpal tunnel syndrome, degenerative bone disease and, ultimately, mortality in the ESRD patient. Nephros products are sold and distributed throughout Europe and are currently being used in over fifty clinics in Europe.Nephros also markets a line of water filtration products, the Dual Stage Ultrafilter (DSU). The Company's patented dual stage cold sterilization Ultrafilter has the capability to filter out bacteria and, due to its exceptional filtration levels, filter out many viruses and parasites. The DSU proprietary design provides dual-stage filtration which reduces the risk of filtration failure. With an initial focus on health care, the DSU is in a pilot-use program at a major U.S. medical center and has been selected for further development by the U.S. Marine Corps. For more information on Nephros please visit the Company's website, www.nephros.com.Forward-Looking StatementsThis news release contains certain "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, as amended. Such statements include statements regarding the efficacy and intended use of the Company's technologies under development, the timelines for bringing such products to market and the availability of funding sources for continued development of such products and other statements that are not historical facts, including statements which may be preceded by the words "intends," "may," "will," "plans," "expects," "anticipates," "projects," "predicts," "estimates," "aims," "believes," "hopes," "potential" or similar words. For such statements, the Company claims the protection of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995.Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance, are based on certain assumptions and are subject to various known and unknown risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond the Company's control. Actual results may differ materially from the expectations contained in the forward-looking statements. Factors that may cause such differences include the risks that: (i) Nephros may not be able to obtain funding if and when needed or on terms favorable to it in order to continue operations or fund its clinical trials; (ii) Nephros may not be able to continue as a going concern; (iii) Nephros may not be able to liquidate its short-term investments when needed to fund its operations; (iv) Nephros may be unable to maintain compliance with the American Stock Exchange's continued listing standards; (v) products that appeared promising to Nephros in research or clinical trials may not demonstrate anticipated efficacy, safety or cost savings in subsequent pre-clinical or clinical trials; (vi) Nephros may not obtain appropriate or necessary governmental approvals to achieve its business plan or effectively market its products; (vii) Nephros may encounter unanticipated internal control deficiencies or weaknesses or ineffective disclosure controls and procedures; (viii) HDF therapy may not be accepted in the United States and/or Nephros' technology and products may not be accepted in current or future target markets, which could lead to failure to achieve market penetration of Nephros' products; (ix) Nephros may not be able to sell its ESRD therapy or water filtration products at competitive prices or profitably; (x) Nephros may not be able to secure or enforce adequate legal protection, including patent protection, for its products; and (xi) Nephros may not be able to achieve sales growth in Europe or expand into other key geographic markets. More detailed information about Nephros and the risk factors that may affect the realization of forward-looking statements is set forth in Nephros' filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including Nephros' Annual Report on Form 10-KSB filed with the SEC for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2007 and Nephros' Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC for the period ended June 30, 2008. Investors and security holders are urged to read these documents free of charge on the SEC's web site at www.sec.gov. Nephros does not undertake to publicly update or revise its forward-looking statements as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.CONTACT:  Eileen Sukumaran, Nephros, Inc., +1-212-781-5113,Eileen@nephros.com Web site:  http://www.nephros.com/ 






                Read at
                BioSpace.com







Related News
Nephros Inc. (NEP) Appoints Ernest A. Elgin III as President and Chief Executive Officer  Encorium Group, Inc. (ENCO) Appoints David Ginsberg President and Chief Executive Officer  Nephros Inc. (NEP) Reports Second Quarter 2008 Financial Results  GlaxoSmithKline (GSK) (JOBS) Creates New Cancer Drug Group in R&D Revamp  Nephros Inc. (NEP) Completes Pivotal U.S. Clinical Trial for its Hemodiafiltration Products  NEA Appoints David M. Mott as General Partner  Nephros Inc. (NEP) Reports 2008 First Quarter Financial Results  New CEO Gives Boston Base to Virtual Cortria Corporation Nephros Inc. (NEP) Appoints New CFO  Chemaphor Inc. (CFR.TO) Appoints Dr. Paul Dick as Chief Executive Officer  




Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
comments powered by Disqus






















                            •
                            BioSpace.com










                            •
                            Nephros Inc.




             
        





                            •
                            Biotech/Pharma - Personnel




             
        















                              
                            

                              
                             
                              
                            

                              
                            








                 
































James S Scibetta - Glen Rock, NJ | Intelius



























Sign In



We found James S Scibetta in Glen Rock, NJ


James S Scibetta

                                                                           Intelius found that James S Scibetta  is  a male between 50 and 60 years old from Glen Rock, NJ.  We have connected them to
                14 addresses,
                13 phones,
                and 10 relatives or associates.
         






Get Report Now

Age

James S Scibetta is in his 50s

James Has Lived In

Glen Rock, NJ
North Brunswick, NJ
Franklin, NJ

James's Relatives

Linda Scibetta
Louis Scibetta
Colleen Scibetta
Alexander Scibetta







James S Scibetta



Zodiac SignLibra



GenderMale



Professional Status
Chief Financial Officer at Pacira Pharmaceuticals, Inc.



Get Report Now










Want to know more about James? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about James, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on James S Scibetta
Get a Criminal Check on James S Scibetta
Get a Public Record Report on James S Scibetta
Get a People Search Report on James S Scibetta


James S Scibetta's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where James S Scibetta has lived as well as James S Scibetta's phone numbers and email addresses.




James S Scibetta Has Lived in 5 States
New Jersey Address for James S Scibetta


3 R***** C* 

Glen Rock, NJ


Has Lived In

Glen Rock, NJ
North Brunswick, NJ


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with James S Scibetta

(201) ***-**** - Glen Rock, NJ 
(973) ***-**** - Parsippany, NJ 
(201) ***-**** - Ridgewood, NJ 


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with James S Scibetta

j**********a@***.com
j************a@***.com
j***********a@***.com


Get Email Report




James S Scibetta's Education Information
Known Schools Attended
Learn about James S Scibetta's academic history.  Find out which schools James S Scibetta attended, the dates attended as well as the degrees James S Scibetta received.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


James S Scibetta Has Attended 4 Schools
University of Michigan - Stephen M. Ross School of Business 1986 – 1988               James S Scibetta has a MBA in Finance               
University of Michigan - Stephen M. Ross School of Business               1986 – 1988               James S Scibetta has a MBA, Finance in Finance               
Wake Forest University               1982 – 1986               James S Scibetta has a Bs in Physics               
Wake Forest University               1982 – 1986               James S Scibetta has a Bs, Physics in Physics               


James S Scibetta's Professional Information
Information regarding James S Scibetta's professional history.  Find out previous places James S Scibetta has worked as well as dates employed.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


James S Scibetta Has Worked at 12 Places
Company: Pacira Pharmaceuticals, Inc.
               Title: Chief Financial Officer
Company: Genzyme Corporation
               Title: Consultant Oncology Division
James S Scibetta's Experience
Title: Chief Financial Officer
               Company: Pacira Pharmaceuticals, Inc.
Job Details
               Company Size: $100 mil to less than $250 mil - Employee Range: 100 to less than 500. Pacira Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (NASDAQ: PCRX) is a specialty pharmaceutical company focused on the clinical and commercial development of new products that meet the needs of acute care practitioners and their patients. The companyâ€™s flagship product, EXPARELÂ® (bupivacaine liposome injectable suspension), indicated for single-dose infiltration into the surgical site to produce postsurgical analgesia, was commercially launched in the United States in April 2012. EXPAREL and two other products have successfully utilized DepoFoamÂ®, a unique and proprietary product delivery technology that encapsulates drugs without altering their molecular structure, and releases them over a desired period of time.
Title: Consultant Oncology Division
               Company: Genzyme Corporation
Job Details
               Company Size: $1 bil and above - Employee Range: 25,000 to less than 100,000
Additional Professional Information on James S Scibetta

 See James S Scibetta's LinkedIn Profile



James S Scibetta's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for James S Scibetta


James S Scibetta's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of James S Scibetta's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
James Scibetta
Username Matches

                  JamesScibetta
                  ScibettaJames
                  James.Scibetta
                  Scibetta.James
                  James_Scibetta
                  Scibetta_James
                  James-Scibetta
                  Scibetta-James
                  JScibetta
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
J Scibetta







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.













James S. Scibetta | Management Team | Pacira Pharmaceuticals Inc.




















10578 Science Center DriveSuite 125San Diego, CA 92121(858) 625 2424
5 Sylvan WayParsippany, NJ 07054(973) 254 3560




ABOUT PACIRA

Overview
Management
Board of Directors


|

PRODUCTS & PIPELINE


EXPAREL®

About EXPAREL®
Partnering


DepoCyt(e)®

About DepoCyt(e)®
Strategic Partnering

Clinical Trials



|
PLATFORM

About DepoFoam® 
How it Works
Applications 
Partnership Opportunities 
Grants


|
INVESTORS & MEDIA

Company Overview
Corporate Governance
Stock Information
Research Coverage
Press Releases

SEC Filings

Legal Resolution Overview
Event Calendar
Online Investor Kit
E-mail Alerts
Information Request


|
CAREERS

Why Pacira?
Opportunities




 



Overview
Management
Board of Directors
 
 
Management Team 
James S. ScibettaPresident
Since joining Pacira in 2008, Jim Scibetta has been given increasing responsibility and oversight. In 2015, Mr. Scibetta was appointed President, responsible for overseeing the day-to-day operations and tactical execution of the Company’s Customer and Patient Solutions (CPS) group, comprised of its customer-facing resources, and overseeing the Company’s Science Center Campus activities, which includes commercial manufacturing, tech transfer and R&D. Mr. Scibetta served as Chief Financial Officer from 2008 through May 2016. Mr. Scibetta led the Company’s 2011 IPO and subsequent debt and equity financings as Chief Financial Officer.
Mr. Scibetta has more than 25 years of operational and financial executive and investment banking experience serving public and private healthcare and life sciences companies. Prior to joining Pacira, Mr. Scibetta served as CFO of Bioenvision Inc. (NASDAQ: BIVN), an international biotechnology company that developed and commercialized products for hematological and solid tumor cancers. In 2007, Mr. Scibetta was instrumental in completing the $345 million sale of Bioenvision to Genzyme Corporation (NASDAQ: GENZ). Mr. Scibetta consulted to Genzyme from the time of the sale in 2007 until he joined Pacira. From 2001 to 2006, Mr. Scibetta was Executive Vice President and CFO of Merrimack Pharmaceuticals Inc. Prior to 2001, Mr. Scibetta spent over a decade in investment banking where he was responsible for sourcing and executing transactions for a broad base of public and private healthcare and life sciences companies.
Mr. Scibetta currently serves as Chairman of the audit committee of Matinas BioPharma. Mr. Scibetta has prior Board experience with life sciences companies Nephros Inc., Merrimack Pharmaceuticals and Labopharm Inc.
Mr. Scibetta received his Bachelor of Science in Physics from Wake Forest University and an MBA from the University of Michigan. He also completed the Harvard Business School executive education program "Leadership & Strategy in Pharmaceuticals and Biotechnology." Mr. Scibetta was named the 2013 CFO of the Year by njbiz.com.


Quick Links
Corporate Presentation
News
EXPAREL
About Management
Grants
Clinical Trials



Legal Resolution Overview




MANAGEMENT
David StackChief Executive Officer and Chairman

Kristen Williams, JDChief Administrative Officer, General Counsel and Secretary
James B. Jones, MD, PharmDSenior Vice President andChief Medical Officer 
Robert WeilandChief Commercial Officer
Charles A. Reinhart IIIChief Financial Officer
Scott Braunstein, MD Chief Strategy Officer
Richard Scranton, MD, MPHChief Scientific Officer
David St. Peter, MD, FHMVice President, Advanced Solutions and Customer Care
Vladimir Kharitonov, PhDVice President, Research and Development
Raymond KaczmarekVice President, Commercial Manufacturing and Supply Operations
Richard KahrVice President, Human Resources




Contact Us
Legal
Site Map

© 2017 Pacira Pharmaceuticals











James S. Scibetta - Former President at Pacira Pharmaceuticals Inc.



























































                      NEWS HOME
                    

Advertising
Board and Executive Moves
Energy
Health Care
Hedge Funds
M & A
Private Equity
Technology








            You have  
            
9 free profiles

              left this month   
			      

                Start Your Free Trial ➤
              








            Hey, we noticed you're a RelSci Pro subscriber! Would you like to view the page there?
            

                View on RelSci Pro ➤
              




























































































































Email







LinkedIn







Facebook







Google+







Tweet







Reddit





Permalink





James S. Scibetta
Former President at Pacira Pharmaceuticals Inc.



Overview
In The News Relationships Paths
Education Career History Boards & Committees Political Donations Public Holdings 


James S. Scibetta
Former President at Pacira Pharmaceuticals Inc.



 Overview



Age



53
                                  (Born 1964)
                                              




Notable Companies


Bioenvision, Inc.

Merrimack Pharmaceuticals, Inc.

UBS Paine Webber, Inc.




Board Seats



5





Number of Relationships



                This person is connected to 758 people.
              






 In The News
          See more




RelSci
July 11, 2017





                        James S. Scibetta is no longer serving in their position at Pacira Pharmaceuticals Inc.                    





PR Newswire
June 12, 2017





                        Generic Drugs Stock Performance Review -- Ironwood Pharma, Medicines Co., Supernus Pharma, and Pacira Pharma                    





GlobeNewswire
May 23, 2017





                        Pacira Pharmaceuticals Announces Resignation of James Scibetta                    





RelSci
April 11, 2017





                        James S. Scibetta is now serving in a new board position at MonoSol Rx, Inc.                    





GlobeNewswire
April 11, 2017





                        MonoSol Rx Appoints James S. Scibetta to Board of Directors                    







See full news coverage and complete stories with RelSci Professional.

Create Your News Feed








See  More 






 Relationships
              See Details




Daron G. Evans

Director, President & Chief Executive Officer at Nephros, Inc.




Santo J. Costa

Of Counsel at Smith, Anderson, Blount, Dorsett, Mitchell & Jernigan LLP





Gordon J. Fehr

Former President at Pfizer Canada, Inc.




Roelof Rongen

Director & Chief Executive Officer at Matinas BioPharma Holdings, Inc.





Robert J. Mulroy

Former President & Chief Executive Officer at Merrimack Pharmaceuticals, Inc.




Jerome D. Jabbour

President at Matinas BioPharma Holdings, Inc.





Anthony J. Sinskey

Co-Director of the Malaysia-MIT Biotechnology Partnership Program at Massachusetts Institute of Technology




Kristen Marie Williams

Chief Administrative Officer, General Counsel & Secretary at Pacira Pharmaceuticals Inc.





Lauren Bullaro Riker

Principal Accounting Officer at Pacira Pharmaceuticals Inc.




Gary L. Crocker

Founder at Crocker Ventures LLC







See 748 more listings with RelSci Professional.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See 748 More 


 


 Paths to James S. Scibetta



            James S. Scibetta          




 You



 Connections via Relationship Science



 James S. Scibetta






Sync your contacts to see how you can connect with James S. Scibetta.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Educational Background



Bachelor of Science in Physics 


Wake Forest University

                  Wake Forest University is an institution of higher education dedicated to the pursuit of excellence in the liberal arts and in graduate and professional education. It operates Wake Forest College, a graduate school of arts and sciences, and four professional schools.                




Executive Education Program-Leadership & Strategy in Pharmaceuticals & Biotechnology 


Harvard University - Harvard Business School

                  Harvard Business School (HBS) is the graduate business school of Harvard University in Boston, Massachusetts, United States. The school offers a large full-time MBA program, doctoral programs, and many executive education programs. It owns Harvard Business School Publishing, which publishes business books, leadership articles, online management tools for corporate learning, case studies, and the monthly Harvard Business Review.                




MBA in Finance 


University of Michigan - Stephen M. Ross School of Business

                  The Stephen M. Ross School of Business at the University of Michigan is a vibrant and distinctive learning community grounded in the principle that business can be an extraordinary vehicle for positive change in today's dynamic global economy.

At the Ross School of Business, our mission is to develop leaders who make a positive difference in the world. Through thought and action, members of the Ross community drive change and innovation that improves business and society.                





 Career History



President

                                    2008 - 2017                


Pacira Pharmaceuticals Inc.


                  Pacira Pharmaceuticals, Inc. is a specialty pharmaceutical company. It develops, commercializes, and manufactures pharmaceutical products for use in hospitals and ambulatory surgery centers. It develops pharmaceutical products based on its proprietary DepoFoam drug delivery technology. The company markets EXPAREL, a liposome injection of bupivacaine, an amide-type local anesthetic, indicated for administration into the surgical site to produce postsurgical analgesia; and DepoCyt(e), a liposomal formulation of the chemotherapeutic agent cytarabine indicated for the intrathecal treatment of lymphomatous meningitis, a cancer of the immune system. Its product pipeline comprise EXPAREL that has completed Phase II clinical trials for postsurgical analgesia-nerve block administration; DepoNSAID, which is in preclinical trials for the relief of that is in preclinical trials acute pain; and DepoTXA is currently in pre-clinical development, which is used to treat or prevent excessive blood loss during surgery by promoting hemostasis. Pacira Pharmaceuticals was founded in December 2006 and is headquartered in Parsippany, NJ.                




Consultant

                                    2007 - 2008                


Sanofi Genzyme


                  Genzyme Corp. develops and manufactures specialty therapeutic, surgical and diagnostic product. It serves in the areas of rare genetic diseases, multiple sclerosis, cardiovascular diseases and endocrinology. The company was founded on June 8, 1981 and is headquartered in Cambridge, MA.                




Chief Financial Officer

                                    2006 - 2007                


Bioenvision, Inc.


                  Bioenvision, Inc. provides research and development services on pharmaceutical products. Its products include clofarabine, leukemia, lymphoma, and gossypol. The company was founded by Christopher B. Wood in 1996 and is headquartered in New York, NY.                




Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President

                                    1998 - 2006                


Merrimack Pharmaceuticals, Inc.


                  Merrimack Pharmaceuticals, Inc. engages in discovering, developing and preparing to commercialize innovative medicines consisting of novel therapeutics paired with diagnostics for the treatment of cancer. Its offers its first commercial product, Onivyde, which is a novel encapsulation of the marketed chemotherapy drug irinotecan in liposomal formulation. The company was founded by Anthony J. Sinskey, Gavin MacBeath and Ulrik B. Nielsen in 1993 and is headquartered in Cambridge, MA.                




Chief Financial Officer

                                    Prior                


UBS Paine Webber, Inc.


                  UBS Paine Webber, Inc., part of UBS Group AG, is a company headquartered in Dallas, TX. The firm provides financial services.                




Senior Investment Banker

                                    Prior                


Morgan Keegan Healthcare Investment Banking


                  Morgan Keegan Healthcare Investment Banking provides investment banking and financial advisory services. It also provides strategic advisory, merger and acquisition advisory, placements of debt and equity, taxable and tax-exempt debt underwriting, financial advisory, derivatives, reinvestments, and real estate transaction services. It serves hospitals, senior living, managed care, pharmaceuticals, medical distribution, outsourcing, healthcare information technology, real estate, higher education, and specialty not-for-profit organizations. The company was founded in 1993 and is headquartered in New York, NY.                





 Boards & Committees



Corporate Boards ▾




Member, Board of Directors

                    2017 - Current                  


MonoSol Rx, Inc.

                    MonoSol Rx, Inc. specializes in the drug delivery technology. It develops, manufactures, and commercializes pharmaceutical films, individual film doses, and finished products for patients, physicians, and caregivers. The company was founded in 2004 and is headquartered in Warren, NJ.                  




Independent Non-Employee Director

                    2013 - 2017                  


Matinas BioPharma Holdings, Inc.

                    Matinas BioPharma Holdings, Inc. is a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company that engages in the development off innovative anti-infective for orphan indications. Its pipeline develops fungal infections, vulvovaginal candidiasis, tolerability in hematologic malignancy, gram-negative bacterial infections, chronic and acute bacterial infections formulations. The company was founded in May 2013 and is headquartered in Bedminster, NJ.                  




Director

                    2007 - 2013                  


Nephros, Inc.

                    Nephros, Inc. is a medical device company, which engages in developing and selling liquid purification filters and an on-line mid dilution hemodiafiltration system. Its ultrafilters are used in dialysis centers for the removal of biological contaminants from water, bicarbonate concentrate, and blood. The company was founded on April 3, 1997 and is headquartered in River Edge, NJ.                  




Director

                    2001 - 2008                  


Labopharm, Inc.

                    Labopharm, Inc. discovers and develops drugs. The company was founded in 1990 and is headquartered in Montreal, Canada.                  




Member, Board of Directors

                    1998 - 2004                  


Merrimack Pharmaceuticals, Inc.

                    Merrimack Pharmaceuticals, Inc. engages in discovering, developing and preparing to commercialize innovative medicines consisting of novel therapeutics paired with diagnostics for the treatment of cancer. Its offers its first commercial product, Onivyde, which is a novel encapsulation of the marketed chemotherapy drug irinotecan in liposomal formulation. The company was founded by Anthony J. Sinskey, Gavin MacBeath and Ulrik B. Nielsen in 1993 and is headquartered in Cambridge, MA.                  





 Political Donations



$250

                  1992                


Elizabeth Holtzman


                  Counsel at Herrick, Feinstein LLP                





 Public Holdings






Restricted data only for RelSci Professional users.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Other Affiliations




              James S. Scibetta is affiliated with
                            Pacira Pharmaceuticals Inc., Sanofi Genzyme, Bioenvision, Inc., Merrimack Pharmaceuticals, Inc., UBS Paine Webber, Inc., Morgan Keegan Healthcare Investment Banking, MonoSol Rx, Inc., Matinas BioPharma Holdings, Inc., Nephros, Inc., Labopharm, Inc., Merrimack Pharmaceuticals, Inc..
            





You've reached your 10 free profiles limit this month.
Upgrade to RelSci Pro today to enjoy unlimited article views and much more!

Start My Free Trial  ➤

Still not convinced? Check out our full listing of features here.












Are you a RelSci Pro Subscriber?

Login to RelSci Pro 
                        ➤


Not a Pro Subscriber? Log in here to manage your alerts









 Keep me signed in.
        

Login  ➤



        Forgot your Password?
    

























 I have read the LexisNexis terms & conditions




Sign Me Up  ➤
















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












MonoSol Rx Appoints James S. Scibetta to Board of Directors - MarketWatch




















































Bulletin






Investor Alert







New York Markets Close in:



Market Snapshot
Winners and Losers




















press release


					April 11, 2017, 8:31 a.m. EDT
				
MonoSol Rx Appoints James S. Scibetta to Board of Directors
























WARREN, N.J., Apr 11, 2017 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE via COMTEX) --


                                        








MonoSol Rx, a specialty pharmaceutical company leveraging its PharmFilm(R) technology to develop and bring to market products that improve patient outcomes and address unmet needs, today announced the appointment of James S. Scibetta to the company's board of directors.           









Mr. Scibetta brings a wealth of specialty pharmaceutical industry experience to the MonoSol Rx board of directors.  In his current role as President of Pacira Pharmaceuticals                 

/quotes/zigman/3627855/composite PCRX
+0.25%


, he oversees the day-to-day operations of the Customer and Patient Solutions group, and its commercial activities related to the flagship product EXPAREL(R), and also directs the company's Science Center Campus and UK entity activities related to manufacturing, technology transfer and R&D.  From 2008 through May 2016, Mr. Scibetta was CFO, and he led the company's IPO in 2011.  As part of the executive team at Pacira, Mr. Scibetta helped the company transition from a business model centered around royalty-based licensing of a drug delivery technology, into a fully integrated developer of proprietary commercialized products. Mr. Scibetta also serves on the Board of Matinas BioPharma                 

/quotes/zigman/86364512/composite MTNB
-2.42%


, a clinical stage specialty pharma company using its proprietary, lipid-crystal, nanoparticle delivery technology to provide oral administration of anti-infective medicines which today are only able to be delivered intravenously,


                                        








Before joining Pacira, Mr. Scibetta was CFO of Bioenvision Inc.  where he was instrumental in completing the $345 million sale of the company to Genzyme Corporation, and he was CFO of Merrimack Pharmaceuticals Inc.  Additionally, Mr. Scibetta has spent more than a decade in investment banking, where he sourced and executed transactions for a broad base of public and private healthcare and life sciences companies.  Mr. Scibetta received his Bachelor of Science in Physics from Wake Forest University and a Master of Business Administration from the University of Michigan.


                                        








"Jim offers several decades of knowledge and experience to our company's board, and his contributions will be important to the company's continued growth," said Keith Kendall, CEO of MonoSol Rx. "We look forward to Jim's added perspective as MonoSol Rx transitions to developing and commercializing its own set of proprietary products.  Jim's experience is a great fit for where we see the future of the company." 


                                        








"I am pleased to join the board of directors at MonoSol Rx and look forward to working closely with the board and management team to extend the company's reach into new market segments," said James Scibetta, President of Pacira. "The company's growing portfolio of commercial and development stage products have the potential to offer a better delivery option, underpinned by MonoSol Rx's best-in class technology, for patients suffering from a variety of diseases."


                                        








About MonoSol RxMonoSol Rx is a specialty pharmaceutical company leveraging its proprietary PharmFilm technology to develop products that improve patient outcomes and address unmet needs.   PharmFilm can benefit patients by improving the efficacy, safety, and compliance of pharmaceutical products. MonoSol Rx's leadership in film drug technology is supported by strong IP protection, a robust pipeline of prescription drug formulations, and two FDA-approved products -- Suboxone(R) (buprenorphine and naloxone) sublingual film and Zuplenz(R) (ondansetron) oral soluble film. For press releases and other company information, visit         www.monosolrx.com
.


                                        













        
        Contact
        
        MonoSol Rx
        Jessica Patel
        jpatel@monosolrx.com
        
        The Ruth Group
        Lee Roth
        lroth@theruthgroup.com
        (646) 536-7012
        
        






 

















Copyright (C) 2017 GlobeNewswire, Inc. All rights reserved.
                    



/quotes/zigman/3627855/composite 





 Add to watchlist
                    
PCRX




Pacira Pharmaceuticals Inc.


                US
                
                    : U.S.: Nasdaq
                
            




$
39.65



+0.10
+0.25%




Volume: 618,146
July 28, 2017 2:25p






P/E RatioN/A
Dividend YieldN/A




Market Cap$1.59 billion
Rev. per Employee$557,018





 









 





/quotes/zigman/86364512/composite 





 Add to watchlist
                    
MTNB




Matinas BioPharma Holdings Inc.


                US
                
                    : U.S.: NYSE American
                
            




$
1.21



-0.03
-2.42%




Volume: 77,160
July 28, 2017 2:22p






P/E RatioN/A
Dividend YieldN/A




Market Cap$113.33 million
Rev. per Employee$1,497





 









 





































Most Popular





1.






All the companies in Jeff Bezos’s empire, in one (large) chart






2.





Market Snapshot

Stock market edges lower, on track for weekly losses 






3.





The Ratings Game

Get ready for the less-profitable Amazon that you used to know 






4.





MarketWatch First Take

Intel earnings have message for AMD and Nvidia: ‘Bring it on’






5.





SectorWatch

What 'Flash Boys' Brad Katsuyama thinks is killing Wall Street trade








Find a Broker

Partner Center »























Featured Stories





Seeing America again through new eyes







How to dig yourself out of debt







Move over, Tesla? Karma unveils its hybrid sports car







The salary you need to afford a home in these 25 cities







Why OPEC will never cut production again













Log In




2:25 PM EDT
July 28, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Open


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
2:24pWage-rebound story takes another hit after drab ECI report
2:24pStock market lower after Amazon disappointment, but pares losses
2:21pPeople aren’t saving for retirement and that’s why myRA is shutting down 
2:15pHow a college degree is like a Social Security check
2:13pOpinion Journal: The Trump Tax Reform Agenda
2:10pRetire early? Sounds great on paper but it could cost a lot
2:07p101 things to do in London for $20 or less
2:05pWho are the beneficiaries of a 401(k) if my wife and I die at the same time?
2:04pCharlie Gard, British baby at center of controversy, has died
2:03pUnder Armour's stock's low price doesn't mean it is cheap
2:00pRetirement Weekly news and analysis
1:56pFloyd Mayweather says he is going to make bank off an ICO
1:54pFoxconn’s history of broken promises casts a shadow on Wisconsin news
1:52pGoodyear stock stumbles 11% after quarter ‘played out differently than we expected’
1:49pThis city’s subway system will soon run mostly on renewable energy
1:48pWhich state’s 529 plan is right for you?
1:45pWhy so many teens are clueless about money
1:45pHere’s something that can improve your memory — and help you sleep
1:44pGold marks highest finish since mid-June, up 1.1% for the week
1:40pHow your pet could make you a target for scammers
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,807.44

+10.89
+0.05%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,376.52

-5.66
-0.09%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,470.07

-5.35
-0.22%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15
































































 



































Pacira Pharmaceuticals Announces the Promotion of James S. Scibetta to President | Benzinga

















Benzinga


Benzinga Pro


Marketfy


Financial Data & APIs


Fintech Awards


Premarket Prep







Membership is FreeWhat are you waiting for? Sign up now!
Username: 


Username available!Username taken!
Email: 


Email available!Email taken!
Password: 



Leave blank: 




OR




Free Account Login
Click here to access your premium account

Username or email: 



Password: 




OR

Forgot password?'

Looking for



?

CLICK HERE




  Contribute Login Sign up  

 
 
 


Benzinga - Feed Your Mind.












HomeBest of Benzinga
Careers
About
Contact Us
Partners
Benzinga Fintech Awards

NewsEarnings
Guidance
Dividends
M&A
Buybacks
Legal
Interviews
Management
Retail Sales
Offerings
IPOs
Insider Trades
Biotech/FDA

MarketsPre-Market
After Hours
Movers
Forex
Commodities
Options
Binary Options
Bonds
Futures
Global Economics
Previews
Reviews
Small-Cap

RatingsAnalyst Color
Downgrades
Upgrades
Initiations
Price Target

IdeasLong Ideas
Short Ideas
Technicals
From The Press
Jim Cramer
Rumors
ETFs

TechStart-Ups

Fintech
Personal Finance
Marketfy
Benzinga Pro

















Market Overview















TickersArticlesKeywordsSearch by keyword...googlecse


 



 
 






Pacira Pharmaceuticals Announces the Promotion of James S. Scibetta to President





Globe Newswire 
 

      {{following ? "Following" : "Follow"}}
     



                    October 20, 2015 7:30am                  
 
Comments







Share:
 





 

-- Dave Stack Remains Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Continues to Drive Commercial Strategy and Clinical Development of EXPAREL® and the DepoFoam® Pipeline --
-- Mr. Scibetta to Lead Tactical Execution of Operations -- PARSIPPANY, N.J., Oct.  20, 2015  (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Pacira Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (NASDAQ: PCRX) today announced that James S. Scibetta has been appointed president, effective October 20, 2015. In this capacity, Mr. Scibetta will oversee the day-to-day operations and tactical execution of the Company's newly formed Customer and Patient Solutions (CPS) group, comprised of its customer-facing resources. He will also continue to oversee the Pacira Science Center Campus (SCC) activities.   Mr. Scibetta will continue to report to Chief Executive Officer and Chairman Dave Stack, who will maintain oversight of the commercial and corporate strategy. Mr. Stack will also continue to lead the development program for the expanded use of EXPAREL® (bupivacaine liposome injectable suspension) and the DepoFoam® pipeline of products, as well as business operations and performance. "Jim is a proven leader with demonstrated excellence in organizational efficiency to optimize results, and has been instrumental in accelerating the growth of Pacira," said Mr. Stack. "This important evolution of senior management allows me the opportunity to place renewed focus on product strategy and long-term value driving opportunities for the Company and affords me the ability to more closely interface with our customers again. I look forward to continuing to advance our corporate mission to improve patient care by providing an innovative non-opioid option like EXPAREL to as many postsurgical patients as appropriate." Mr. Scibetta joined Pacira as chief financial officer in 2008 and led the Company's 2011 initial public offering and subsequent debt and equity financings. In 2013, he took on the additional responsibility of oversight of the Pacira Science Center Campus activities. In 2014, Mr. Scibetta was promoted to senior vice president. He has more than 25 years of financial executive and investment banking experience serving public and private healthcare and life sciences companies. Mr. Scibetta will continue to serve as chief financial officer while the company conducts a search for his successor, who will report to Mr. Stack. Chief Administrative Officer, General Counsel and Secretary Kristen Williams, JD; Chief Medical Officer James B. Jones, MD, PharmD; and Senior Vice President, Strategy and Corporate Development, Scott Braunstein, MD will also continue to report to Mr. Stack. About Pacira                                                                            Pacira Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (NASDAQ: PCRX) is a specialty pharmaceutical company focused on the clinical and commercial development of new products that meet the needs of acute care practitioners and their patients. The company's flagship product, EXPAREL® (bupivacaine liposome injectable suspension), indicated for single-dose infiltration into the surgical site to produce postsurgical analgesia, was commercially launched in the United States in April 2012. EXPAREL and two other products have successfully utilized DepoFoam®, a unique and proprietary product delivery technology that encapsulates drugs without altering their molecular structure, and releases them over a desired period of time. Additional information about Pacira is available at www.pacira.com. About EXPAREL® EXPAREL (bupivacaine liposome injectable suspension) is currently indicated for single-dose infiltration into the surgical site to produce postsurgical analgesia. The product combines bupivacaine with DepoFoam®, a proven product delivery technology that delivers medication over a desired time period. EXPAREL represents the first and only multivesicular liposome local anesthetic that can be utilized in the peri- or postsurgical setting. By utilizing the DepoFoam platform, a single dose of EXPAREL delivers bupivacaine over time, providing significant reductions in cumulative pain score with up to a 45 percent decrease in opioid consumption; the clinical benefit of the opioid reduction was not demonstrated. Additional information is available at www.EXPAREL.com.   Important Safety Information  EXPAREL is contraindicated in obstetrical paracervical block anesthesia. EXPAREL has not been studied for use in patients younger than 18 years of age. Non-bupivacaine-based local anesthetics, including lidocaine, may cause an immediate release of bupivacaine from EXPAREL if administered together locally. The administration of EXPAREL may follow the administration of lidocaine after a delay of 20 minutes or more. Other formulations of bupivacaine should not be administered within 96 hours following administration of EXPAREL. Monitoring of cardiovascular and neurological status, as well as vital signs should be performed during and after injection of EXPAREL as with other local anesthetic products. Because amide-type local anesthetics, such as bupivacaine, are metabolized by the liver, EXPAREL should be used cautiously in patients with hepatic disease. Patients with severe hepatic disease, because of their inability to metabolize local anesthetics normally, are at a greater risk of developing toxic plasma concentrations. In clinical trials, the most common adverse reactions (incidence greater-than or equal to 10%) following EXPAREL administration were nausea, constipation, and vomiting. Please see the full Prescribing Information for more details available at http://www.exparel.com/pdf/EXPAREL_Prescribing_Information.pdf.  Forward Looking Statements Any statements in this press release about our future expectations, plans, outlook and prospects, and other statements containing the words "believes," "anticipates," "plans," "estimates," "expects," and similar expressions, constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of The Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by such forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors, including risks relating to: the success of our sales and manufacturing efforts in support of the commercialization of EXPAREL; the rate and degree of market acceptance of EXPAREL; the size and growth of the potential markets for EXPAREL and our ability to serve those markets; our plans to expand the use of EXPAREL to additional indications and opportunities, including nerve block, oral surgery and chronic pain, as well as pediatrics, and the timing and success of any related clinical trials; the related timing and success of a United States Food and Drug Administration supplemental New Drug Application; the adverse effects and impacts of FDA warning letters; the outcome of the U.S. Department of Justice inquiry; our plans to evaluate, develop and pursue additional DepoFoam-based product candidates; clinical studies in support of an existing or potential DepoFoam-based product; our plans to continue to manufacture and provide support services for our commercial partners who have licensed DepoCyt(e); our commercialization and marketing capabilities; our and Patheon UK Limited's ability to successfully and timely construct dedicated EXPAREL manufacturing suites; and other factors discussed in the "Risk Factors" of our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2014 and in other filings that we periodically make with the SEC. In addition, the forward-looking statements included in this press release represent our views as of the date of this press release. Important factors could cause our actual results to differ materially from those indicated or implied by forward-looking statements, and as such we anticipate that subsequent events and developments will cause our views to change. However, while we may elect to update these forward-looking statements at some point in the future, we specifically disclaim any obligation to do so. These forward-looking statements should not be relied upon as representing our views as of any date subsequent to the date of this press release.
Company Contact:
Pacira Pharmaceuticals, Inc.
Jessica Cho, (973) 254-3574

Media Contact:
Pure Communications, Inc.
Dan Budwick, (973) 271-6085


View Comments and Join the Discussion!
 

View the discussion thread.









 










        Newsletter & Alerts
      










          Become a Wall-Street Wizard.
        




Market in 5 Minutes
Everything you need to know about the market - quick & easy.





Daily Analyst Rating
A summary of each day’s top rating changes from sell-side  analysts on the street.





FinTech Focus
Yesterday’s biggest gainers and losers. As well as 10 stocks to keep an eye on for Today






TERMS & CONDITIONS





Thank You
for registering for Benzinga’s newsletters and alerts.



            • The Daily Analysts Ratings email will be received daily between 7am and 10am.
          

            • The Market in 5 Minutes email will be received daily between 7am and 8am.
          

            • The Fintech Focus email will be received every Friday between 2pm and 5pm.
          


          If you have any questions as it relates to either of the three newsletters, please feel free to contact us at  1-877-440-ZING.
        









Trending
Recent








1
MITL, SHOR: 20 Stocks Moving In Thursday's Pre-Market Session


2
BMY, MRK: Why Is AstraZeneca Sinking Today?


3
MGM, GILD: Gilead Sciences, Verizon Communications, And MGM Reso...


4
DEST, MBRX: 22 Stocks Moving In Friday's Pre-Marke...


5
NFLX, TSLA: The JPMorgan Mid-Day Note That Mi...


6
TSLA: Tesla's Breakout Will Ta...


7
WDC, STX: Western Digital And S...

 





1
INTC: What Does Wall Street Have To Say About Intel's Earnings Report?


2
FB, TWTR: Social Q2s: Facebook Rules, Twitter Drools, Snapchat Starting To Los...


3
MAT: After 5 Years, Mattel's Top Line Returns To Growth; Q4 Guide...


4
WDC, PLT: 20 Biggest Mid-Day Losers For Friday


5
MoPop In Detroit: A Closer Look At The Indie Music Festival


6
Top Companies In San Francisco Using Tech To Upgrade Pers...


7
ATEN, FSLR: 18 Biggest Mid-Day Gainers For Friday

 






 



View upcoming Earnings, Ratings, Dividend and Economic Calendars. 



 












          Benzinga is a fast-growing, dynamic and innovative financial media outlet that empowers investors with high-quality, unique content.
        





Popular ChannelsAnalyst Ratings
Be Your Own Boss
ETFs
Economics
Forex
Hot
News
Options
Press Releases
Start-ups
Tech
Tools & FeaturesAffiliate Program
PreMarket Prep
Feeds
News Widget
Real Time Feed
Sitemap
Submit News Tips
About BenzingaAbout Us
Licensing and APIs
Apps (iOS and Android)
Fintech Awards
Blog
Syndication
In the News
Careers
Service Status
Contact Us
Disclaimer
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions


Benzinga Partners
 


 


1 (877) 440-9464 (ZING)
© Copyright Benzinga




























Matinas BioPharma Appoints James S. Scibetta to Board of DirectorsHomeMailFlickrTumblrNewsSportsFinanceCelebrityAnswersGroupsMobileMoreTry Yahoo Finance on Firefox »YahooSearchSearchSign inU.S. Markets close in 1 hr 35 minsS&P 5002,470.04-5.38 (-0.22%)Dow 3021,806.32+9.77 (+0.04%)Nasdaq6,376.52-5.66 (-0.09%)Today's ChartsDon't get blindsided by Tesla's shiny new Model 3Matinas BioPharma Appoints James S. Scibetta to Board of DirectorsMarketwiredNovember 18, 2013ReblogShareTweetShareBEDMINSTER, NJ--(Marketwired - November 18, 2013) - Matinas BioPharma Holdings, Inc., an emerging biopharmaceutical company focused on the development and commercialization of omega-3 fatty acid-based prescription therapeutics for the treatment of cardiovascular conditions, announced today the appointment of James S. Scibetta to its Board of Directors. Mr. Scibetta replaces Jerome D. Jabbour who resigned from the Board to focus on his management operations role as Chief Business Officer and General Counsel at the Company.Mr. Scibetta is a life sciences executive with over 20 years of financial leadership and operational experience and a successful track record in value creation in both private and public companies. He joins Matinas BioPharma's board during an important time for the Company, as it is focused on advancing the development of its innovative omega-3 lead product candidate, MAT9001, for the treatment of severe hypertriglyceridemia and mixed dyslipidemia with the goal of commencing its registration program in 2014. Herbert Conrad, Matinas BioPharma's Chairman of the Board commented, "I am very pleased to welcome Jim to Matinas BioPharma's Board of Directors. I have no doubt Jim will bring a valuable perspective to the Company during this growth phase. His superior skill set complements our current board and we fully expect to leverage his proven business acumen and solid industry experience."James S. Scibetta, CFO Pacira Pharmaceuticals, Inc., stated, "I am very impressed with Matinas BioPharma's management team, all having played key roles in leading the development and successful approval, nearly a decade ago, of the first FDA-approved prescription omega-3 product. I believe this experience will be invaluable as the Company continues advancing MAT9001 and establishes this novel product candidate as a potential important option to treat severe hypertriglyceridemia and mixed dyslipidemia."Mr. Scibetta is currently Chief Financial Officer of Pacira Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Prior to joining Pacira in 2008, he served as a consultant to Genzyme Corporation following the sale of Bioenvision Inc. to Genzyme in 2007. From 2006 to 2007 Mr. Scibetta was CFO of Bioenvision where he was instrumental in the $345 million sale to Genzyme. From 2001 to 2006, he was EVP and CFO of Merrimack Pharmaceuticals Inc. Mr. Scibetta has Board experience at life sciences companies Nephros Inc., Merrimack Pharmaceuticals and Labopharm Inc. Prior to his executive management experience, Mr. Scibetta spent over a decade in investment banking where he was responsible for sourcing and executing transactions for a broad base of public and private healthcare and life sciences companies. Mr. Scibetta received his Bachelor of Science in Physics from Wake Forest University and an MBA from the University of Michigan.Roelof Rongen, Matinas BioPharma's Chief Executive Officer, stated, "We expect Jim's deep and diverse skill set and industry perspective will be beneficial in the development and implementation of our growth strategy. We are fortunate to have him join as we transition into a clinical stage development company in the coming year." About MAT9001  Matinas BioPharma is developing MAT9001 for therapeutic applications, with severe hypertriglyceridemia (TG > 500 mg/dL) and mixed dyslipidemia (TG 200-499 mg/d with concomitant statin therapy) as the lead indications. Based on promising early data, the Company is preparing to file an Investigational New Drug Application (IND) with the U.S. Food and Drug Administration and conduct a human study in the first half of 2014. Assuming positive data from this study, Matinas BioPharma anticipates commencing the first of its pivotal Phase 3 registration studies in 2014. The Company believes that the composition of MAT9001 represents a significantly differentiated lipid profile, providing unique clinical benefits. About Matinas BioPharma  Matinas BioPharma Holdings, Inc. is an early stage privately-held biopharmaceutical company focused on the development of omega-3-based prescription therapeutics for the treatment of cardiovascular conditions. The Company's lead product candidate, MAT9001, is designed for treatment of severe hypertriglyceridemia (TG > 500 mg/dl) and mixed dyslipidemia (TG 200-499 mg/dl while on statin therapy). The Matinas BioPharma management team brings a cumulative multi-decade omega-3 pharmaceutical experience to the Company, providing a unique perspective and capability for the development of the next generation of omega-3-fatty acid-based pharmaceutical products.Read MoreFor more information, please visit www.matinasbiopharma.com.Forward Looking Statements:  This release contains "forward-looking statements", including those related to the Company's strategic focus and the future development MAT9001. Forward-looking statements reflect management's current knowledge, assumptions, judgment and expectations regarding future performance or events. Although management believes that the expectations reflected in such statements are reasonable, they give no assurance that such expectations will prove to be correct and you should be aware that actual results could differ materially from those contained in the forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, including, but not limited to, our ability to successfully complete research and further development and commercialization of MAT9001; our ability to obtain additional capital to meet our liquidity needs on acceptable terms, or at all, including the additional capital which will be necessary to complete the clinical trials for MAT9001; the uncertainties inherent in clinical testing; the timing, cost and uncertainty of obtaining regulatory approvals; our ability to protect the Company's intellectual property; the loss of any executive officers or key personnel or consultants; competition; changes in the regulatory landscape or the imposition of regulations that affect the Company's products. All forward-looking statements are expressly qualified in their entirety by this cautionary notice. You are cautioned not to place undue reliance on any forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of this release. We have no obligation, and expressly disclaim any obligation, to update, revise or correct any of the forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.ReblogShareTweetShareRecently ViewedYour list is empty.What to Read NextOpioid protest leads to change at drug wholesalerABC NewsEngineer Finds Pattern; Makes Millions in StocksMoney MorningSponsoredBehind Uber’s Messy CEO Search Is a Divided BoardroomBloombergThe 'two pizza rule' is a secret to productive meetings that helped Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos become one of the world's richest menBusiness InsiderThe real reason overseas manufacturing is coming to AmericaYahoo FinanceZuckerberg Wife's Ambitious Secret Finally ExposedUNewz.MeSponsoredTax cuts just got more likelyYahoo FinanceAll the companies in Jeff Bezos’s empire, in one (large) chartMarketWatchSBUX Unicorn Frap wasn’t magical enough to save earningsYahoo Finance VideoDiscover it: 4.8 out of 5 avg. by 24K+ customersDiscover CardSponsoredFast food restaurants work through rising wage pressuresYahoo FinanceTODAY'S CHARTS: Don't get blindsided by Tesla's shiny new Model 3Yahoo FinanceTrump’s unwitting legacy could be universal health coverageYahoo FinanceWhat's the Problem with Joel Osteen?ChurchLeaders.comSponsored9 ways to break free from your credit card debtYahoo FinanceVietnam says others should respect its right to drill for South China Sea oilReutersMcConnell lashes out at GOP defectors, Democrats in aftermath of 'disappointing' health care voteliberaltroll10: McConnell is a petty, power hungry little man that got the DEFEAT HE so richly DESERVES.Join the Conversation1 / 54.2k








