Scientific Industries Inc Competitors and Products in the Pharmaceutical Manufacturing Resource Directory   Pharmaceutical Manufacturing Resource DirectoryScientific Industries IncScientific Industries Inc Rating: 0 -  Write A Review 070 Orville DriveBohemia, NY 11716-2512Competitors of Scientific Industries IncVWR InternationalVWR is the leading, global, independent provider of products, services and solutions to laboratory and production facilities for customers in the pharmaceutical, biotechnology, industrial, education, government and healthcare industries. write a reviewGeneral Lab & Cleanroom SupplyFull-line distributor of quality, name-brand products for lab, cleanroom, safety, production, and office. Volume discount program. Stocking warehouses. write a reviewBioSpec ProductsBioSpec has been providing innovative scientific equipment for more than 30 years. Many of our products are "firsts" in the industry and the bulk of our products are of our design. We don’t vest heavily in advertising but, rather, rely on promotion through word-of-mouth and methods references... write a review×Rate and Review Scientific Industries Inc     Click on a star to rate this companyRating is requiredYour AssociationCustomerPartnerSupplierOther Name, Title, Company  Post anonymouslyYour Comments When writing a review, please adhere to the Review Guidelines.     Thanks for submitting your review of Scientific Industries Inc. We'll email you as soon as it's published, (typically within 48 hours). We really value your contributions, and so does our community of business professionals. They count on honest reviews like yours.Thanks for submitting your review of Scientific Industries Inc.We'll email you as soon as it's published, (typically within 48 hours).We really value your contributions, and so does our community of business professionals. They count on honest reviews like yours.Close×Rate and Review VWR International     Click on a star to rate this companyRating is requiredYour AssociationCustomerPartnerSupplierOther Name, Title, Company  Post anonymouslyYour Comments When writing a review, please adhere to the Review Guidelines.     Thanks for submitting your review of VWR International. We'll email you as soon as it's published, (typically within 48 hours). We really value your contributions, and so does our community of business professionals. They count on honest reviews like yours.Thanks for submitting your review of VWR International.We'll email you as soon as it's published, (typically within 48 hours).We really value your contributions, and so does our community of business professionals. They count on honest reviews like yours.Close×Rate and Review General Lab & Cleanroom Supply     Click on a star to rate this companyRating is requiredYour AssociationCustomerPartnerSupplierOther Name, Title, Company  Post anonymouslyYour Comments When writing a review, please adhere to the Review Guidelines.     Thanks for submitting your review of General Lab & Cleanroom Supply. We'll email you as soon as it's published, (typically within 48 hours). We really value your contributions, and so does our community of business professionals. They count on honest reviews like yours.Thanks for submitting your review of General Lab & Cleanroom Supply.We'll email you as soon as it's published, (typically within 48 hours).We really value your contributions, and so does our community of business professionals. They count on honest reviews like yours.Close×Rate and Review BioSpec Products     Click on a star to rate this companyRating is requiredYour AssociationCustomerPartnerSupplierOther Name, Title, Company  Post anonymouslyYour Comments When writing a review, please adhere to the Review Guidelines.     Thanks for submitting your review of BioSpec Products. We'll email you as soon as it's published, (typically within 48 hours). We really value your contributions, and so does our community of business professionals. They count on honest reviews like yours.Thanks for submitting your review of BioSpec Products.We'll email you as soon as it's published, (typically within 48 hours).We really value your contributions, and so does our community of business professionals. They count on honest reviews like yours.Close×Sign up for full directory site access or loginLogin or sign upForgot PasswordLinkedIn user?You can use your LinkedIn account to login to Pharmaceutical Manufacturing Resource Directory. Login with LinkedInEmail AddressPasswordInvalid username or password    Forgot PasswordPrivacy Policy | Terms of UseLinkedIn user?You can use your LinkedIn account to sign up for Pharmaceutical Manufacturing Resource Directory. Sign up with LinkedInNameEmail AddressJob FunctionAdministrationCEO/President/ OwnerCFOCIO/CTOConsultantCustomer ServiceEngineer/ProgrammerFacilities/OperationsFinance ManagerFinance StaffGeneral ManagerHuman ResourcesIS/ IT StaffIS/IT ManagementMarketing ManagerMarketing StaffOtherPartner/PrincipalPurchasing ManagerSales Dev.Sales Dev. ManagerVP/Senior Manager Company NamePasswordAccount already exists. Please login with correct username and password.Privacy Policy | Terms of UseForgot Your Password? Enter the email address on your account. We will email you information to reset your password. LoginEmail AddressScientific Industries , Inc. Competitors and Products in the Laboratory Equipment and Supplies Directory   Laboratory Equipment and Supplies DirectoryScientific Industries , Inc.Scientific Industries , Inc. Rating: 0 -  Write A Review 070 Orville DriveBohemia, NY 11716Competitors of Scientific Industries , Inc.UDY CorporationUDY Corporation has the expertise to assist you with all of your project needs and a complete fabrication shop is at your service. Products include: hay and forage core samplers, Cyclone sample mills for laboratory sample preparation, React-R-Shakers, the React-R-Mill, Udy Protein Analyzer... Read More Send an email Email Sent 11 products Write a reviewDaigger write a reviewThermotron IndustriesThermotron Industries is North America's largest manufacturer of Environmental Test Chambers, Vibration Test Systems, Accelerated Stress Test equipment and Functional Test & Measurement Systems. Thermotron is a technology leader and pioneer in the test equipment field. Each piece of equipment... write a review×Rate and Review Scientific Industries , Inc.     Click on a star to rate this companyRating is requiredYour AssociationCustomerPartnerSupplierOther Name, Title, Company  Post anonymouslyYour Comments When writing a review, please adhere to the Review Guidelines.     Thanks for submitting your review of Scientific Industries , Inc.. We'll email you as soon as it's published, (typically within 48 hours). We really value your contributions, and so does our community of business professionals. They count on honest reviews like yours.Thanks for submitting your review of Scientific Industries , Inc..We'll email you as soon as it's published, (typically within 48 hours).We really value your contributions, and so does our community of business professionals. They count on honest reviews like yours.Close×Rate and Review UDY Corporation     Click on a star to rate this companyRating is requiredYour AssociationCustomerPartnerSupplierOther Name, Title, Company  Post anonymouslyYour Comments When writing a review, please adhere to the Review Guidelines.     Thanks for submitting your review of UDY Corporation. We'll email you as soon as it's published, (typically within 48 hours). We really value your contributions, and so does our community of business professionals. They count on honest reviews like yours.Thanks for submitting your review of UDY Corporation.We'll email you as soon as it's published, (typically within 48 hours).We really value your contributions, and so does our community of business professionals. They count on honest reviews like yours.Close×Contact UDY Corporation Your Name Email Address Your Job FunctionAdministrationCEO/President/ OwnerCFOCIO/CTOConsultantCustomer ServiceEngineer/ProgrammerFacilities/OperationsFinance ManagerFinance StaffGeneral ManagerHuman ResourcesIS/ IT StaffIS/IT ManagementMarketing ManagerMarketing StaffOtherPartner/PrincipalPurchasing ManagerSales Dev.Sales Dev. ManagerVP/Senior Manager Your Company Subject Line Message
I saw your company in the Laboratory Equipment and Supplies Directory and would like to have someone contact me.     Information Requested.Close×Rate and Review Daigger     Click on a star to rate this companyRating is requiredYour AssociationCustomerPartnerSupplierOther Name, Title, Company  Post anonymouslyYour Comments When writing a review, please adhere to the Review Guidelines.     Thanks for submitting your review of Daigger. We'll email you as soon as it's published, (typically within 48 hours). We really value your contributions, and so does our community of business professionals. They count on honest reviews like yours.Thanks for submitting your review of Daigger.We'll email you as soon as it's published, (typically within 48 hours).We really value your contributions, and so does our community of business professionals. They count on honest reviews like yours.Close×Rate and Review Thermotron Industries     Click on a star to rate this companyRating is requiredYour AssociationCustomerPartnerSupplierOther Name, Title, Company  Post anonymouslyYour Comments When writing a review, please adhere to the Review Guidelines.     Thanks for submitting your review of Thermotron Industries. We'll email you as soon as it's published, (typically within 48 hours). We really value your contributions, and so does our community of business professionals. They count on honest reviews like yours.Thanks for submitting your review of Thermotron Industries.We'll email you as soon as it's published, (typically within 48 hours).We really value your contributions, and so does our community of business professionals. They count on honest reviews like yours.Close×Sign up for full directory site access or loginLogin or sign upForgot PasswordLinkedIn user?You can use your LinkedIn account to login to Laboratory Equipment and Supplies Directory. Login with LinkedInEmail AddressPasswordInvalid username or password    Forgot PasswordPrivacy Policy | Terms of UseLinkedIn user?You can use your LinkedIn account to sign up for Laboratory Equipment and Supplies Directory. Sign up with LinkedInNameEmail AddressJob FunctionAdministrationCEO/President/ OwnerCFOCIO/CTOConsultantCustomer ServiceEngineer/ProgrammerFacilities/OperationsFinance ManagerFinance StaffGeneral ManagerHuman ResourcesIS/ IT StaffIS/IT ManagementMarketing ManagerMarketing StaffOtherPartner/PrincipalPurchasing ManagerSales Dev.Sales Dev. ManagerVP/Senior Manager Company NamePasswordAccount already exists. Please login with correct username and password.Privacy Policy | Terms of UseForgot Your Password? Enter the email address on your account. We will email you information to reset your password. LoginEmail Address







Scientific Industries Inc Reviews and Profile



































                                	no rating information is available for this company
                                Scientific Industries Inc
Scientific Industries Inc Reviews



							Furniture for plants and workshops                       	









Home


                    	Furniture for plants and workshops                   	

Scientific Industries Inc












Scientific Industries Inc

AddressAirport International Plaza, 70 Orville Drive  Airport International Plaza 
City 
Websitewww.scind.com


                                    Is this your company? 
Click Here to Claim Ownership of Company and Manage Company Profile


Post a Review
File a Dispute


Share This Page












Description

                                        Scientific Industries, Inc. designs, manufactures and markets a variety of laboratory equipment. The Company's products principally consist of laboratory mixers, rotators/rockers, refrigerated incubators and magnetic stirrers. The Company's products are generally used for research purposes in laboratories of universities, hospitals, pharmaceutical companies, clinics, medical device manufacturers and other related industries. Scientific Industries, Inc.'s primary product is the Vortex-Genie 2 Mixer, which is used to mix the contents of test tubes, beakers, and other various containers by placing such containers on a rotating cup or other attachments, which cause the contents to be mixed at varying speeds. In December 2006, the Company acquired Altamira Instruments, Inc., a global producer and distributor of custom quality catalyst research instruments.
Scientific Industries manufactures research laboratory equipment, featuring the genie line of mixers, particularly the vortex genie mixer. The company's products are generally used by clinics, hospitals, and universities, among other customers.
					                                    


Review Scientific Industries Inc






Your name:



Email Address: *we do not share this information



Phone Number: *we do not share this information



How would you rate this company?

No Rating Selected
5 Stars - Excellent Experience
4 Stars - Good Experience
3 Stars - Satisfactory Experience
2 Stars - Bad Experience
1 Stars - Very Bad Experience



Provide a description of your experience with the company:




Prove you are human. Type the word "Blue" into the field below.







I have read and agree to the Terms and Conditions of this website



I have read and agree to the Posting Rules of this website



I have read and agree to the Privacy Policy of this website


Submit Review






















Invalid email/password. Please try again.

Forgot Password?

Submit



















I Agree to the 
                                
Terms & Conditions & 
                                    Privacy Policy






Register






















































Products




































Fisher Scientific 
Fisher HealthCare 
Fisher Science Education 

 






















					
					Sign Up for Email
					
						

Customer Service +1 800-766-7000

















0
 


 







Summer Spotlight: Save Up to 50% 


Chemical Structure
Certificates
Safety Data Sheets
Order Status 	
Special Offers & Programs
Order By Catalog Number
 


 









 









			Search
		



















Sign In 






My 


Account



 








0



 


 
 
 








Fisher ScientificProducts
 
 
 
 





Products





All Products
Brands A - Z



Jump to...
All Products
Brands A - Z


All Products









Animal Research
Animal Care Products
Animal Surgical Equipment
Drosophila Products and Supplies


Autoclaving, Sterilization and Lab Washers
Autoclave Bags
Floor Model Sterilizers and Autoclaves
Glassware Washers and Dryers
Microplate Washer Accessories
Microplate Washers
Sterilization Verification Indicators
Sterilization Wrapping Material
Sterilizer and Autoclave Baskets
Sterilizer and Autoclave Printers, Shelves and Accessories
Sterilizer and Autoclave Stands
Sterilizers and Autoclaves
Ultrasonic Cleaners


Balances, Scales and Weighing
Balance Accessories
Calibration Weights
Laboratory Balances
Microbalances
Scales
Weighing Papers and Dishes


Beakers, Bottles, Cylinders and Glassware
Ampules
Beakers
Bottles, Jars and Jugs
Burettes
Carboys
Crucibles
Cuvets and Cells
Cylinders
Funnels and Filtration
Glass Beads, Stopcocks and Speciality Glass Labware
Glass Microscope Slides and Coverslips
Glass Reservoirs and Reservoir Liners
Multilayer Large Scale Cell Culture Systems
Pots
Spigots
Tanks


Carboys, Jars, and Liquid Storage
Bottles, Jars and Jugs
Bottletop Diluters and Dispensers
Carboys
Pots
Reservoirs and Liners
Spigots
Tanks


Cell Culture
Antibiotics, Buffers and Supplements
Cell Culture Dishes, Plates and Flasks
Cell Culture Media
Cell Dividers, Inserts, Scrapers and Utensils
Cell Isolation
Cell Lines
Cryogenic Storage
Fetal Calf and Other Sera
Microscopes and Cellular Imaging
Serological Pipets


Centrifuges and Microcentrifuges
Benchtop Centrifuges
Centrifugal Evaporators
Centrifugal Filter Devices
Centrifuge Accessories
Centrifuge Adapters
Centrifuge Buckets
Centrifuge Rotors
Centrifuge Tubes and Bottles
Floor Model Centrifuges
Microcentrifuges


Chemicals
Acids and Bases
Analytical and Chromatography
Biochemicals and Diagnostics
Buffers and Solutions
Heterocyclic Building Blocks
Organic Building Blocks
Organometallics
Other Inorganic Compounds
Salts and Inorganics
Solvents
Standards
Water


Chromatography
Autosampler Vial Crimpers and Decappers
Autosampler Vials, Caps, and Closures
Chromatography Columns and Cartridges
Chromatography Instruments
Chromatography Spare Parts
Chromatography Syringes
Chromatography Water
Chromatography and Mass Spectrometry Reagents
Gases and Gas Accessories
Packings for Chromatography Columns
Paper Chromatography Products
Solid Phase Extraction Products
TLC Products


Clamps, Stands and Supports
Clamps
Glass Joint Adapters
Glass Joint Sleeves
Glass Joint Tape
Glass Tubing Accessories
Stands
Supports for Flasks, Cylinders and Apparatus


Desiccation and Evaporation
Desiccants and Drying Agents
Desiccators
Drying Chambers and Towers
Evaporators
Freeze Dryers
Glass Drying Tubes


Diagnostic Tests and Clinical Products
Analyzers and Instruments
Chemicals
Clinical Chemistry Analyzers
Diagnostic Tests and Controls
Healthcare Exam Furniture
Hematology and Coagulation Testing
Histology, Cytology, and Anatomical Pathology
Microbiology








Dishes, Plates and Flasks
Cell Culture Dishes, Plates and Flasks
Dishes
Flasks
Microplates


Education
Apparatus
Chemicals for Education
Consumables and Supplies for Education
Electrical Equipment and Supplies
Electrophoresis for Education
Equipment and Instruments for Education
Laboratory Furniture for Education
Models and Model Making
Physics Apparatus
Preserved Specimens


Electrophoresis, Western Blotting and ELISA
ELISA Reagents, Plates and Accessories
Electrophoresis
Western Blotting Reagents, Membranes, Supplies


Filtration
Bottle Tops and Filter Units
Extraction Thimbles
Filter Holders and Hardware
Filter Paper
Filtering Flasks and Microplates
Filtering Funnels
Filtering Pipette Tips
Glass Fiber Filters and Prefilters
Membranes for Filtration
Stirred Cells
Syringe and Syringeless Filters


First Responder Products
First Responder Equipment and Supplies
Personal Protective Equipment


Fume Hoods and Safety Cabinets
Laboratory Hoods and Enclosures
Safety Cabinets


Furniture, Storage, Casework, Carts and Hoods
Carts
Healthcare Exam Furniture
Racks
Seating
Shelving
Sinks
Storage Cabinets and Accessories
Supply Dispensers
Work Surfaces


Gloves, Glasses and Safety
Bags
Chemical Monitoring Instrumentation
Cleaning Supplies
Combustion Testing Instrumentation
Confined Space Ventilation
Controlled Environments and Cleanroom
Ear Plugs and Hearing Protection
Ergonomics
Eyewashes and Showers
Facility Maintenance and Safety
Fall Protection
First Aid and Medical
Glasses, Goggles and Face Masks
Gloves
Hats and Helmets
Hazardous Materials Storage and Disposal
Lab Coats, Aprons and Apparel
Noise Monitoring Instrumentation
Personal Protective Equipment
Radiation Monitoring Instrumentation
Respiratory Protection
Sharps Containers
Spill Control and Containment
Traffic Safety
Wipes and Absorbant Pads


Healthcare
Blood Bank
Centrifuges and Microcentrifuges
Clinical Analyzers and Instruments
General Laboratory Equipment
Hematology
Phlebotomy
Specimen Collection and Handling
Thermometers, Timers and pH
Urology


Histology and Cytology
Automated Coverslippers and Accessories
Cryostats and Accessories
Embedding
Forceps Warmers
Histology Reagents
Microtomes and Accessories
Phosphate Buffered Saline
Slide Labelers
Slide Mounting Media
Slide Stainers and Accessories
Slide Warmers
Stains Dyes and Indicators
Tissue Clearing Agents
Tissue Decalcifiers
Tissue Dehydrants
Tissue Fixatives
Tissue Pretreatment Reagents
Tissue Processor Reagents
Tissue Processors and Accessories
Tissue Stain Blocking Reagents


Incubators, Hot Plates, Baths and Heating
Baths
Burners and Lighters
Furnaces
Heaters and Heating Mantles
Hotplates and Hotplate Stirrers
Incubators
Ovens










Instrument Lamps, Lighting and Electrical
Controllers
Electrical Equipment and Supplies
Lamps and Lighting








Laboratory Automation Products
Automated Agar and Media Plate Filler
Automated Agar and Media Plate Filler Accessories
Automated Laboratory Systems
Laboratory Automation Software and Accessories
Pipetting Workstation Accessories
Pipetting Workstations


Life Sciences
Antibodies
Biochemicals and Reagents
Biological Buffers
Cell Analysis
Cell Culture
Cellular Imaging Instrumentation
Custom Services and Products
Enzymes and Inhibitors
Life Science Equipment and Instruments
Microbiology
Molecular Biology Reagents and Kits
Nucleic Acid Purification
PCR and qPCR
Protein Biology
RNAi and RNA Reagents


Microbiology Equipment
Environmental Systems for Microbiology
Microarray Scanners
Microbial Air Sampler
Microinjectors for Molecular Biology


Microscopes, Slides and Coverslips
Coverslips
Microscope Lamps and Accessories
Microscope Slides
Microscopes


Mixers, Shakers and Stirrers
Mixers
Shakers, Rockers, and Rotators
Stirrers and Stir Bars
Vortexers


PCR and qPCR
Oligonucleotides
PCR Plates
PCR Reagents and Kits
PCR Tubes
Thermal Cyclers


Pipets, Pipettes and Pipette Tips
Dispensers
Pipet Cleaning Equipment
Pipets
Pipette Tips and Racks
Pipettes


Production
Cell Culture And Analysis
Chemicals And Solvents
Controlled Environments
Production Equipment And Apparatus
Production Essentials
Production Glass
Production Plastics


Racks, Boxes, Labeling and Tape
Boxes
Mailing and Shipping Products
Racks
Tapes and Labels


Recorders and Dataloggers
Dataloggers
Recorders and Integrators


Refrigerators, Freezers and Cryogenics
Boxes and Containers for Refrigerators and Freezers
Combination Refrigerator Freezers
Freezers
Liquid Nitrogen and Cryopreservation Storage
Refrigerators


Sonicators, Homogenizers and Blenders
Blenders
Homogenizers and Immersion Blenders
Mortars and Pestles
Sonicators
Tissue Grinders








Spatulas, Forceps and Utensils
Cell Lifters, Scrapers, and Spreaders
Cell Strainers
Clamps and Supports
Cloning Rings and Cylinders
Cork Borers
Dissection Equipment
Inoculating Loops and Needles
Knives and Scalpels
Mortars and Pestles
Safety Pins
Samplers
Scissors
Sieves
Spatulas
Stir Bars and Rods
Syringes and Needles
Tweezers and Forceps


Spectrophotometers, Refractometers and Benchtop Instruments
Anemometers and Flowmeters
Barometers
Calorimeters
Coagulation Analyzers
Colorimeters
Counting Devices
Digestors
Distillation Equipment
Electrolysis
Electrophoresis Equipment
Electroporators
Evaporators
Extraction Systems
Fermentors and Bioreactors
Flash Point Testers
Fluorometers
Freeze Dryers
Hardness Testers
Ice Makers
Luminometers
Melting Point Apparatus
Microplate Instrumentation
Moisture Meters
Noise Meters
Osmometers
Particle Analysis
Penetrometers
Photodocumentation Systems
Photometers and Light Meters
Polarimeters
Pouch and Bag Sealers
Presses
Pressure Calibrators
Pycnometers
Refractometers
Solvent Recovery and Recycling
Specific Gravity Meters
Spectroscopy
Tachometers and Stroboscopes
Tensiometers
Thermal Cyclers
Transilluminators
Turbidity Meters
UV Crosslinkers
Viscometers


Syringes and Needles
Needles
Sharps Containers
Syringe Filters
Syringes and Syringes with Needles


Test Tubes, Vials, Caps and Closures
Tube and Vial Racks and Storage
Tubes
Vials


Testing and Filtration
Distillation Equipment
Food and Beverage Testing
Turbidity Meters
Water Purification
Water Testing and Environmental Analysis


Thermometers, pH Meters, Timers and Clocks
Barometers
Hygrometers
Moisture Meters
Psychrometers
Temperature Indicator Tapes
Thermometers
Timers, Clocks, and Stopwatches
Titrators
pH and Electrochemistry


Tubing and Pumps
Pumps
Tubing


Warranties, Services, and Training
Service and Support
Training and Instruction
Warranties


Wipes, Towels and Cleaning
Buckets and Pails
Cleaners and Disinfectants
Handcare, Soaps, and Sanitizers
Janitorial Supplies
Wipes and Absorbent Pads


Workspace Essentials (MRO)
Janitorial and Sanitary Products
Lubricants and Penetrating Fluids
Material Handling
Tapes and Adhesives
Tools

















Brands A - Z






#
a
b
c
d
e
f
g
h
i
j
k
l
m
n
o
p
q
r
s
t
u
v
w
x
y
z



 



miscellaneous
back to top







3B Scientific




3M




3M/Aerion






 



A
back to top







Abbott Laboratories
Abnova Corporation
ABX Diagnostics, Inc.
accumet
Acme United Corporation
Acros Organics
Action Pump Company
Advance Tabco
Advanced Containment Systems, Inc. (ACSI)
Advanced Instruments
Advantus Corporation
Aearo Company
AGA Marvel
Agilent Technologies




Air Impurities Removal Systems, Inc
Air Iso, Inc.
Air Systems International
Airgas Victor
Alconox
Aldon Corporation
Alere
Alfa Aesar
Allen Datagraph, Inc.
Allied National Inc
Alluviam LLC
Alpha Magnetics and Coils
Alphaprotech
Alpine Packaging




Alta Diagnostics, Inc.
Altay Scientific
Ambu, Inc.
Amerex Corporation
American Allsafe Co.
American Educational Products, LLC
American Health Products
American Innotek, Inc.
American Precision Plastics
American Safety Clothing Inc
Ampco Metal Inc
Anatomical Chart Company
Andover Coated Products
Ansell




Ansul Fire
Applied Biosystems
Applied Scientific Devices Corp
Appropriate Technical Resources Inc
Aqua Communications, Inc
Aqua Phoenix Scientific
Aristatek
Arlington Scientific
Associated Bag Company
Atago USA Inc
ATM Corporation
Aven Tools






 



B
back to top







Barnett Canvas Goods & Bags Co
Barringer Instruments, Inc.
BD Biosciences
BD Diagnostic Systems
Bearse Manufacturing Co.
Beckman Coulter
Beckman Coulter Primary Care Diagnostics
Bel-Art Products
Bell Metal Specialties




Berkshire Corporation
Best Yet Tag
Bevco Precision Manufacturing Co
Bio Tek Instruments
Bioassay Systems
Biofit Engineered Products
BioMed Diagnostics
BioScience
Biosite, Inc.




Biosynergy
Biotang Inc
Bitronics Inc
Black Hawk Industries
Boekel Scientific
Boron Molecular
Bradley Corporation
Brady Corporation
BrandTech Scientific




Branson Ultrasonics Corporation
Breeze Corporation Inc
Brinkmann Instruments, Inc.
Buchi
Bulbtronics, Inc.
Bullard Company






 



C
back to top







C & A Scientific Co., Inc.
Cadence Science, Inc
Caffeinated Mug Company
Cancer Diagnostics
Cannon Instrument Company
Cardinal Detecto Scale Company
Carestream Health, Inc
Carl Zeiss, Inc.
Carolina Biological Supply
Carolina Glove Company
Carolina Shoe Company




Carson Optical
Carton Optical Industries, Ltd.
CBS Scientific
CCP Industries Inc
CEL Instruments Ltd
Celestron International
CellPath
Cellucap
Cellular Dynamics International
Centennial Products
Cepheid




Chesapeake Equipment Company Inc
Christensen Educational Materials
Chums Ltd
CL Sturkey
Cleanwear USA
Clinical Data
Colder Products Company
Columbus Chemical, Inc.
Com-Pac International
CON-SPACE Communications, Inc.
Contec Inc.




Control Company
Corning, Inc.
Covidien
Crosscutting Concepts LLC
CSC Scientific Company Inc.
CTL Scientific Supply Corp.
CurranTaylor, Inc.
Custom Embedding
Cyalume Technologies
Cymatics






 



D
back to top







DAKO North America
Dalloz Fall Protection
Dalloz Safety
DBI Sala Inc.
DCP Microdevelopment Limited
Decon Laboratories, Inc.




Denoyer Geppert Company
Despatch
Dialogic Communications Corporation
Diamonite Products Manufacturing
Diversified Woodcrafts, Inc.
Doe and Ingalls




Dolan-Jenner Industries
Domnick Hunter
Draeger Safety, Inc.
Drew Scientific, Inc.
Drifire
Drucker Diagnostics




Dupont Personal Protection
Dwyer Instruments Inc
Dynalab Corporation
Dynamation Inc
Dynarex Corporation






 



E
back to top







E Com Seating, Inc
Eagle MHC
EarthBox
Edsal Mfg Company Inc
Educational Insights
Edvotek
Edwards High Vacuum International




EFD
Eisco
Electrix Inc
Elkhart Brass Mfg Co Inc
EMCO Industries, Inc.
Engelhard Clal
Entegris, Inc.




Environmental Express
Eppendorf North America
ER Advanced Ceramics, Inc.
Esselte Pendaflex
Estes Industries
Eurofins MWG Operon LLC​
EVOS




Excel Equipment and Supply
Excelta Corporation
Exper Tech






 



F
back to top







F J Gray & Company
Falcon Safety Products
Fascinations
Fire Hooks Unlimited Inc
Fischer Technical Company




Fisher Bioreagents
Fisher Chemical
Fisher Container Corp.
Fisher Scientific
Fisher Scientific Traceable




Fisherbrand
Foamtec International
Force One
Foss North America
Fotodyne Inc.




Fountainhead Group Inc
Fred S Carver Inc
Freudenberg Household Prod LP
Fuji Film U.S.A., Inc.






 



G
back to top







Galloway Plastics Inc
Gaumard Scientific Models
GCS Service Inc
GE Healthcare Life Sciences
Gelman Sciences Corp. (Pall Gelman)
Genlantis / Gene Therapy Systems, Inc




Genome Explorations
Gentra Systems, Inc.
George Glove Company Inc
Getinge USA
Gibco
Gillis Associated Industries, Inc.




Gilson Inc.
Global Resources Inc
Glove Guard LP
Godax Labs Inc
Greiner Bio One
GSC




Guardian Protective Wear
Gurley Precision Instruments






 



H
back to top







H-B Instrument Company
Hacker Instruments
Haemonetics Corporation
Hamilton Company
Handspring
Harbinger
Hardigg Industries, Inc




Heidolph North America
Heliocentris
Hermle Labor Technik
Hettich Centrifuges
High Five Products
Honeywell Burdick and Jackson
Honeywell Chemicals




Honeywell Chromasolv
Honeywell Fluka
Honeywell Hydranal Reagents
Honeywell Riedel-de Haen
Honeywell Safety Products
Horiba Instruments
Hose & Accessories Sales




Hotpack
Hurst Jaws Of Life
HY Grade Distributors
HydroTherm






 



I
back to top







IKA Works
Immunostics
Impacto Protective Products
Industrial Fiber Optics Inc




Insect Lore Products
Instrumentation Laboratory
Interbio
Interkey Ltd




International Enviroguard Systems
International Enzymes, Inc.
Interspiro
Interworld Network Intl




Invitrogen






 



J
back to top







J.T.Baker
JAC Medical Products
Jackson Safety, Inc. World Headquarters
Jackson Welding Supply Company




Jade Scientific, Inc
James Industries Inc
Janos Technology
Johannes Lieder GmbH & Co. KG




John M. Maris Company
John Plant Company
John Wiley and Sons
Johnson & Johnson Consumer Products




Johnson & Johnson Health
Justrite Manufacturing Company






 



K
back to top







K'Nex Education
Kamiya Biomedical
Kappler, Inc.
Kaps Industries Inc




Kedman Company
Ken-A-Vision, Inc.
Kessler Instruments
Kimberly-Clark Corporation




Kimble
Kipp & Zonen
KNF Flexpak Corporation
Kochek Company






 



L
back to top







L S Starrett Company
Lab-Aids, Inc.
Labconco (Education)
Labconco Corporation (Research)
Labplas
LaMotte Company




Lane Science Equipment Corporation
Lanx Fabric Systems
Lawrence Productions
Laxco Inc
Learning Resources, Inc
Leica Biosystems




LGP Consulting
Liberty Industries
Lide Labs Inc
Life Corporation
Life Secure
Lifescan




Lifesign LLC
Longwood Elastomers Inc
Luster Leaf Products, Inc.
LW SCIENTIFIC
Lynn Peavey Company






 



M
back to top







M & I Glass Company
M-Pro LLC
Mab Technologies, Inc
Macron
Marketing International
Marligen Biosciences, Inc
Master Lock
Maybridge
McGraw Hill Companies
Mechanix Wear
Medco Instruments
Medica Corporation




Medical Packaging
Medivibe Technology Ltd.
Medline Industries
Medpro Inc
Medtrol Inc
Medtronic, Inc.
Mesosystems Technology, Inc.
Meteor Glass
Metrohm USA
Mettler-Toledo
MichClone Associates, Inc.
Micro Essential Lab




Microbiologics
Microflex Corporation
Micronova Mfg Co.
Milestone Medical Technologies
Millennium Sciences Inc
Miller Industrial Products Company
Millipore Sigma
Minor Rubber Company Inc
Mintie Technologies, Inc.
Minuteman International, Inc.
Mirus Bio LLC
Mitchell Plastics




Modulus Data Systems
Molded Fiber Glass Tray Company
Moldex Metric Inc.
Molecular Model Enterprise
Moore Medical Corp
Morphix Technologies
Morwell MD Biosciences
Mott Manufacturing
MP Biomedicals, Inc
MSA
Mystaire






 



N
back to top







Nada Scientific Ltd
Nalco Chemical Company
Nanogen, Inc
Nasco
National Marker Co.
National Public Seating Corporation
National Scientific Supply Company, Inc
Natural Science Industries Ltd




Neese Industries Inc.
Neo/Sci Corporation
Neotek
Neutec Group
Nevs Ink, Inc
New Pig Corporation
Newark Electronics
Newell Rubbermaid Inc




NewPath Learning
Newtex Industries, Inc.
Nextteq
Nice Pak Products
Niles Biological
Nilfisk of America
Nor-Lake Scientific
Nordon, Inc.




Novus Biologicals
NPC Photo Division
NPS Corporation
NSI Environmental Solutions
Nutheme Illustrated Safety Company
Nycom Inc
Nymox Corporation






 



O
back to top







Oakton
Oberon Company
Occunomix International Inc
Ohaus Scale Corporation
Ohio Valley Specialty Chemical




OK-1 Manufacturing
Olympic Optical Co.
Olympus America Inc.
Omar Supplies, Inc
Omega Optical Inc




Omni International Inc
Omnifit
Onguard Industries LLC
Opti Gone Associates
Ortho-Clinical Diagnostics




Osborn Scientific
Osmonics
Oster Sunbeam Professional Products
Owen Mumford, Inc.






 



P
back to top







Pacific Science Supplies Inc
Pacific Scientific Instruments
Palo Enterprises
Panduit
Paoli Clay Company
Paragon C and C
Parker Plastics Corporation
Parr Instrument Company
Parter Medical Products
Pasco Scientific
Patterson Saw & Supply Co., Inc.
Paulson Mfg
Peco Sales
Pelican Products Inc.
Pellets Inc
Perfex Corp.
Performance Fabrics, Inc




Periodic Round Table
Permanent Magnet
Perry Don
Petzl America
PGI
Pharmablock  USA Inc
Pharmco Products
Phillips Consumer Electronics Company
Phipps & Bird
Phoenix Diagnostics, Inc
Phoenix Medical Technology Inc.
Phototherm LP
Photovolt Instruments, Inc
Pigeon Mountain
Plas-Labs, Inc.
Plasticoid
Plex Lab Corporation




PML Microbiologicals
Pointe Scientific
Polar Ware Company
Polaroid
Poly Pro Inc
Poly Scientific
PolyConversions, Inc.
Polymedco
Polyscience Corporation
Pope Scientific, Inc.
Porex Technologies
Post Medical
Power Hawk Technologies, Inc.
Precision Dynamics
Precision Laboratories Inc
Precision Systems Inc.
Prentice Hall Inc




Princo Instruments Inc
Prinzing Enterprises Incorporated
Pro-Lab Diagnostics
Promega Corporation
Propper Manufacturing Co.
Protective Industrial Products, Inc.
Protectoseal Company
Proteintech Group Inc
Pulpit Rock Inc
Purdue Fredick Company
Purfybr
Puritan Medical Products Company LLC
Pyramex Safety Products






 



Q
back to top







Q Glass Company
QBC Diagnostics, Inc.
Qorpak




QRP Gloves, Inc.
Quadrex Corporation
Quantum Dot Corporation




Quartz Scientific, Inc.
Queue Inc
Quidel Corporation




Quincy Lab Inc






 



R
back to top







R & M Marketing
R&D Systems
R3 Safety
RAM Scientific, Inc.
Ranaco Corporation
Raylabcon, Inc.
Rayovac
RD Plastics Company, Inc
Red Kap Industries




Reeves Manufacturing
Reichert, Inc
Reinnervate Limited
Remco
Renco Corporation
Rescue Technology
Resolution Technology Now: Optimize Technologies
Respiratory Systems Incorporated
Response Biomedical




Restek Corporation
Retsch, Inc.
Revco Industries, Inc
Revolutionary Science
Rheodyne LP
Ricca Chemical Company
Richmond Technology
Ringers Gloves
Rite-Tek Canada




RKI Instruments
RMC Medical
Robert L Orr Charts
Roche Diagnostics
Rotronic Instrument Corp
Ryler Enterprises






 



S
back to top







S-Curve Technologies
SA Scientific
Saf T Pak Inc.
Saf-Tech, Inc.
Safari Limited
Safe Industries Inc
Safetec Of America, Inc.
Safety Solutions, Inc.
Saint Gobain Performance Plastics
Sarstedt Inc
Sartorius
Sarut Inc
Scarfo
Sceptor Industries
Schaefer Ventilation Equipment
Science First
Science Source
Scientific Cell Company, Inc.
Scientific Device Laboratory, Inc
Scientific Laser Connection Inc
Scientific Safety Solvents
Scientific Specialties, Inc.
Scientific Systems, Inc
Scigen Inc




SciMatCo
Scott Health & Safety
Scott Medical Products
Se Cur All Cabinets
Seca Corp
Seco Industries
Sekisui Diagnostics
Select Medical Supply
Selecto Scientific
Sellstrom Manufacturing
Sempco Inc
Sempermed USA, Inc.
Sensidyne, Inc.
Separation Technology
Sepco Company
SeraCare Life Sciences
SGE, Inc.
Shamrock Scientific
Shelby Specialty Gloves
Shore Instrument
Showa Best Glove
Showboard Inc
Si Metric Manufacturing Limited
Siemens Healthineers




Sigma Aldrich
Silicone Stirling Paper
Simon & Schuster
Simport Scientific
Simulaids, Inc.
Simulation Curriculum
Sirchie Finger Print
Sklar Instruments
Smart Solutions
Smiths Medical PM, Inc.
Snap Tite Hose Inc
Snowcraft
Solar World
Sonoco
Sorbent Products Co Inc
Southern Biotechnology Associates
Speakman Company
Spectronics Corporation
Spectrum Chromatography
Spectrum Medical Industries Inc
Sper Scientific
SPEX CertiPrep
Splash Shield
Sqwincher Corporation




Stanbio Laboratory
Stant Corporation
Starplex Scientific
Static Solutions
Steel Grip Inc.
Steiner Industries
STERIS Corporation
StockerYale Inc.
Stockhausen Inc.
Stockwell Scientific
Stovall Life Science, Inc.
Streamlight
Streck Laboratories
Super Vacuum Manufacturing Co Inc
Superior Uniform Group Inc
Surgical Design
Survivair
Swan Label and Tag
Swift Optical Instruments, Inc.
Synoptics, Inc.
System Scale Corporation






 



T
back to top







Tagg Industries
Tantec
Tapcon, Inc.
Tasa Graphic Arts Inc
Task Force Tips, Inc
Taylor Technologies Inc
Team Equipment Inc
Tec Laboratories Inc
Tecan Systems
Tech Glass, Inc.
Tech Ref Inc
Technical Products International Inc
Techniglove International Inc
Tecniplast USA, Inc
Teksys Corporation




Tele-Lite, Inc.
Teledyne Analytical
Teledyne ISCO, Inc
Tempshield, Inc.
Terra Universal Inc
Terumo Medical Corporation
Texwipe
The C-Thru Ruler Co.
Therapak Corporation
Thermo Scientific
Three Rivers Amphibian Inc
Tians International
Timemed Labeling Systems, Inc.
Tingley Rubber Co.
Tintometer Group




Tip Industries, Inc.
TMW Media Group Visionquest
Toepre Glassblowing Co
Tool Specialty Co.
Top Lab Corporation
Torrey Pines Scientific
Tosoh Bioscience LLC
Total Fire Group
Touchless Housewares & Products, Inc.
Transcat Eil
Transgenomic, Inc.
Trelleborg
Tri Continent Scientific
Triangle Biomedical Sciences, Inc (TBS)
Triarch Inc




Trinity Biotech, Inc
Triops Inc
Tripp Lite
Trippnt
Troemner
TSI Incorporated
Tubewriter / California Advanced Labeling, Inc&sdp
Tufpak
Turtle Plastics
TVI Corporation
TWD Scientific LLC






 



U
back to top







Ultra Scientific
Ultra Tape
Uncle Milton Industries
Unifire Power Blowers, Inc
Unisource




United Products & Instruments, Inc.
United Scientific Supplies, Inc
United States Biological Corporation
United Textile
University Of Chicago Press




UOP Mat Sen
Upchurch Scientific
US Biomax Inc
Us Oil Co Inc
US Safety




UVP, Inc






 



V
back to top







VAI
Valumax International, Inc
Variety Glass




Vernier Software
Vidaro Corporation
Viking Manufacturing Company




VistaLab Technologies, Inc.
Volu Sol






 



W
back to top







W. A. Hammond Drierite Company, Ltd.
W. S. Tyler
Wabash Instrument Corporation
Wagner Spraytech Corporation
Wale Apparatus Company
Wall Lenk Corporation
Walter Products
Walter Stern Inc.
Waring Products




Warson Group
Watson-Marlow Bredel
Wearwell Tennessee Mat Company Inc.
Weinbrenner Shoe
Wells Cargo
Wells Lamont Industry Group
Wesco Industrial Products
West Chester Marketing
West Coast Aquatics




Western Analytical Products, Inc.
WGBH
WH Salisbury & Co.
Wheaton Science Products
White Owl Enterprises
White Swan*Meta
Whitney Products, Inc
Wild Goose Company
William Kendrick Company




Wilson Bohannan Company
Wilson Pet Supply Inc
Wiremold Brooks Electronics Division
Wisconsin Aluminum Foundry Company Inc
WM Johnson & Associates
Workman Publishing
Workrite Uniform Company
Worldwide Glass Resource






 



X
back to top







XO Corporation




Xylem Inc






 



Y
back to top







Yamato Scientific America, Inc.
Yellow Springs Instrument (YSI)




Young Naturalist Company
Youngstown Barrel & Drum Company






 



Z
back to top







ZeptoMetrix Corporation
Ziamatic Corporation




Zoll Medical Corporation
ZymeTx










 
 






 

 













Catalog of Departments - MegaDepot






 My account   Shop by Departments    Promotions  Brands  Industries  Resources 

GET $5 OFF ON YOUR FIRST PURCHASE

LEARN MORE

 (800) 970-3646 (USA)  Help    Contact Us  Help Center       Sign in My account       My cart   All DepartmentsCleaning EquipmentEducation & Teaching SuppliesHand ToolsHVAC/R Equipment & FansLab & ScientificMachines & Power ToolsMarking ToolsMaterial Handling EquipmentMeasuring & Layout ToolsMed Equipment & SuppliesNetworking & WiringOpticsOtherPlumbingPrinters & ScannersProcess Control & AutomationSafetySealants & TapesSecuritySoftwareTest EquipmentWelding & Soldering Equipment  Go 

FREE SHIPPING


      On Flir Ex Series Cameras
    

  Home   Departments Departments  
At MegaDepot we offer a wide array оf value-driven products, designed tо meet each customer's needs, budget and lifestyle.  And being experienced specialists in such spheres as: Hand Tools and Instruments, Lab & Scientific technologies, Plumbing, Optics, Safety and Security products, HVAC/R Equipment, Education & Teaching Supplies - makes us able to provide you with the widest choice of product categories and solutions you can get. From Measuring Tapes to Micrometers and from simple Cleaning Pads and Absorbents to Oil Skimmers or Ultrasonic Cleaners. In addition to that, EVERY prоduct we deliver is backed by our famous brands' warranties and calibration programs.
Our products are divided into 22 main Departments with their own specific categories.
You are welcome to click оn any picture оr product department below to learn more about and browse through our products.

 Cleaning Equipment    Education & Teaching Supplies    Hand Tools    HVAC/R Equipment & Fans    Lab & Scientific    Machines & Power Tools    Marking Tools    Material Handling Equipment    Measuring & Layout Tools    Med Equipment & Supplies    Networking & Wiring    Optics    Other    Plumbing    Printers & Scanners    Process Control & Automation    Safety    Sealants & Tapes    Security    Software    Test Equipment    Welding & Soldering Equipment   
  Search within a range of departments to narrow the results.    Cleaning Equipment (1,341)    Air Purifiers (124)    Brooms (121)    Brushes (79)    Chemicals (67)    Cleaning Kits (187)    Floor Dryers (27)    Scrubbers & Vacuum Cleaners (157)    Washers (511)      Education & Teaching Supplies (2,824)    Biology Supplies (1,199)    Chemistry Supplies (43)    Constructors (73)    General (98)    Geography & Astronomy Supplies (35)    Physics Supplies (1,283)    Robots (30)      Hand Tools (25,552)    Benders (195)    Blades (177)    Chisels (128)    Clamping Tools (144)    Concrete & Masonry Tools (3,952)    Crimp Tools (412)    Cutters (570)    Drills (533)    Extractors (100)    Fasteners (1,084)    Files (164)    Fish Tapes (270)    Fuse Pullers (128)    Guns (852)    Hammers & Mallets (231)    Inspection Mirrors (59)    Knives (261)    Knockout Punches (290)    Magnets (73)    Manual Staple Guns (29)    Nut Drivers (1,935)    Parts & Accessories (3,129)    Pliers (999)    Prybars (53)    Pumps (74)    Punchdown Tools (98)    Punches (277)    Saws (88)    Scissors (86)    Screwdrivers (1,285)    Scribers (61)    Taps & Dies (1,315)    Tool Belts (38)    Tool Kits (553)    Tool Storage (623)    Tubing Tools (209)    Tweezers (274)    Vises (116)    Wire Strippers (811)    Wrenches (3,725)      HVAC/R Equipment & Fans (3,763)    Accessories & Replacement Parts (1,275)    Cooling Units (95)    Fans (136)    Filters (335)    Heat Exchangers (29)    Heaters (63)    Hoses (883)    Manifold Gauges (552)    Pressure Pumps (54)    Refrigerant Recovery Machines (87)    Repair & Test Kits (74)    Thermostats (68)    Vacuum Pumps (102)      Lab & Scientific (36,225)    Autoclaves & Sterilizers (133)    Bags & Covers (133)    Chemicals (203)    Clamps & Supports (885)    Cleaners (302)    Clothing & Safety (291)    Cutting Equipment (45)    Furniture (404)    Glassware & Plasticware (11,527)    Heating & Cooling Equipment (2,222)    Lab Supplies (488)    Measurement Equipment (4,123)    Microscopes & Magnifiers (1,275)    Mixing & Separating Equipment (4,462)    Parts & Accessories (386)    Probes (133)    Pumps (1,528)    Reactors (318)    Scales & Balances (5,656)    Storage & Waste (634)    Testers (464)    Tubing (580)    Washers & Dryers (20)    Water Purifiers (115)      Machines & Power Tools (24,775)    Countersinks & Counterbores (303)    Crimping Tools (203)    Cutting Tools (142)    Drill Bits (6,984)    End Mills (4,342)    Grinder Tools (121)    Hole Saws (836)    Impact Wrenches (54)    Knockout Punches (643)    Masonry Tools (75)    Oscillating Tools (170)    Parts & Accessories (7,982)    Pipe & Tube Machines (301)    Power Drills (117)    Pulling (267)    Pumps (1,399)    Reamers (358)    Rivets (54)    Saws (297)    Side Milling Cutter (85)      Marking Tools (1,650)    Chalks (47)    Markers (880)    Paint Equipment (689)      Material Handling Equipment (7,155)    Buckets & Bottles (77)    Carts & Dollies (255)    Conveyors & Supports (39)    Cranes (195)    Drums & Tanks (61)    Hand Trucks (143)    Hooks (121)    Ladders & Steps (140)    Legal for Trade Scale (286)    Loading Dock Equipment (410)    Oil Skimmers (83)    Packing Tools and Materials (102)    Ropes (136)    Scales & Balances (3,436)    Storage Options (1,041)    Workbenches & Tool Stands (545)      Measuring & Layout Tools (14,020)    Angles (136)    Calipers (535)    Dimensioning Systems (108)    Gage Blocks (411)    Gages (3,375)    Indicators (2,096)    Levels (246)    Measuring Systems & Tool Presetters (402)    Measuring Tapes (67)    Measuring Tool Kits (98)    Micrometers (702)    Optical & Laser Levels (43)    Parts & Accessories (5,142)    Protractors (55)    Rulers (260)    Stands (209)    Surface Roughness Testers (88)      Med Equipment & Supplies (5,107)    Med Supplies & Accessories (3,531)    Mobility Aids & Supports (441)    Stethoscopes (60)    Therapeutic & Diagnostic Equipment (1,052)      Networking & Wiring (23,250)    Cabinet Remote Monitors (79)    Cable Identificators (4,453)    Cable Supports (2,145)    Cable Ties (501)    Cables (6,620)    Carts (20)    Connector Adapters (687)    Device Programmers (2,069)    Digital Signage Equipment (37)    EC Switches (137)    Extenders (265)    Fusion Splicers (62)    Headsets (38)    Heat Shrink Tubes (375)    Media Converters (428)    Modems (31)    Patch & Fiber Panels (74)    Racks and Cabinets (416)    Servers (52)    Splitters (91)    Switches (748)    Trays (101)    Wallplate (643)    Wire Connectors (3,107)      Optics (1,069)    Accessories (150)    Binoculars (185)    Magnifiers (306)    Spotting Scopes (47)    Telescopes (70)    Weapon Sights (246)      Other (86,058)    Accuform Partnumbers (74,519)    Automotive (2,847)    Beach Carts (47)    Books & Brochures (165)    Cases & Bags (438)    Grills & Campfire Rings (115)    Hatchery (225)    Indicator Lights (61)    Jacks (151)    Kitchen Tools & Equipment (68)    Lighting & Illumination (765)    Mahr Federal Partnumbers (5,054)    Power Supplies (562)    Rivets (383)    Sound Systems (54)    Stools & Chairs (76)    Strut Systems & Accessories (126)    Tents & Showcases (118)    Unsorted (37)    Waste Disposal (168)      Plumbing (38,982)    Clamps (1,689)    Collars (46)    Couplings (3,995)    Drains (404)    Ferrules (934)    Filters (55)    Fittings (16,978)    Gaskets (2,530)    Hoses (882)    Hydrant Adapters (415)    Nozzles (500)    Nuts (213)    O-Rings (168)    Packing Materials (237)    Petroleum Nozzles (29)    Pipes and Tubes (422)    Plumbing Fixtures (59)    Pumps (1,189)    Reels & Racks (230)    Repair Kits & Replacements (1,556)    Sleeves (404)    Strainers (773)    Valves (3,827)    Washdown & Mixing Systems (433)    Water Sterilizers (1,179)      Printers & Scanners (12,580)    3D Printer Filaments (208)    3D Printers (48)    Barcode Scanners (441)    Blank Labels (3,956)    Blank Signs (168)    Blank Tags (101)    Blank Tapes (4,411)    Cartridges (261)    Contour Cutters (66)    Overlaminates (222)    Parts & Accessories (927)    Printer Heads (111)    Printer Ribbons (1,087)    Printers (615)      Process Control & Automation (20,249)    Combination Units (306)    Communicators & Accessories (331)    Controllers (1,695)    Filters (503)    Fittings (995)    Gauges (2,426)    Indicators (1,043)    Laminar Flow Elements (94)    Lubricators (838)    Monitors (709)    Regulators (406)    Sensors (1,227)    Switches (2,526)    Transducers (46)    Transformers (28)    Transmitters (3,733)    Valves (3,737)    Vibrators (21)      Safety (113,334)    Absorbent Mats & Rugs (31)    Absorbent Pads & Rolls (139)    Banners (321)    Binders & Inserts (101)    Bumps & Barricades (408)    Cones (180)    Dispensers (73)    Emergency Eyewash & Safety Showers (660)    Emergency Lights & Sirens (633)    Fall Protection (1,535)    Fuses & Circuit Breakers (193)    Information Centers (332)    Labels (8,093)    Lockout Tagout Kits (295)    Lockouts (920)    Marking Flags (80)    Personal Protective Equipment (1,428)    Pipe Markers (8,899)    Posters (343)    Railings & Panels (45)    Scoreboards (83)    Sign Posts & Accessories (626)    Signs (80,621)    Stands (39)    Stencils (439)    Strip Doors (306)    Switches (52)    Tags (4,426)    Tapes (1,814)      Sealants & Tapes (1,046)    Adhesives (124)    Anti-Seize Compounds (171)    Caulks (74)    Lubricants (310)    Sealants (355)      Security (20,811)    Cabinet Locks (804)    Cable Locks (73)    Chain Locks (56)    Door Viewers & Bells (94)    Electric Fences (195)    Electric Strikes & Locks (456)    Exit Devices (305)    Flashlights (95)    Hasps (52)    ID Card Readers (43)    Key Cabinets (76)    Padlocks (13,966)    Parts & Accessories (1,701)    Person Identification Supplies (2,273)    Safes (85)    Seals (45)    Smart Cards & Keys (141)    Video Surveillance (307)      Software (634)    Educational (264)    Label Marking (141)    Measuring & Calibrating (116)    Networking (58)    Software Solutions (42)      Test Equipment (19,191)    Borescopes (362)    Cable Testers (228)    Calibrators (271)    Chart Recorders (128)    Circuit Tracers & GFCI (79)    Clocks & Timers (117)    Combustion Analyzers (405)    Data Loggers (593)    Force Gauges (506)    Gas Detectors & Analyzers (1,265)    Hardness Testers (200)    Insulation Testers (31)    Joint Testers (72)    Leads & Probes (365)    Leak Detectors (269)    Light Sources (77)    Manhole Testers (57)    Metal Detectors (147)    Meters (11,823)    Navigation Systems (80)    Network Analyzers (66)    Oscilloscopes (106)    Particle Counters (157)    Pipe & Cable Locators (79)    Power Supplies (172)    Spectrum Analyzers (117)    Stroboscopes (95)    Surge/Impulse Testers (31)    Temperature Indicators (776)    Test Kits (95)    Thermal Imaging Cameras (228)    Thickness Testers (20)    Voltage Detectors (69)    Weather Stations (133)      Welding & Soldering Equipment (3,635)    Fluxes (57)    Gas Regulators (199)    Hoses (99)    Parts & Accessories (592)    Soldering Tools (578)    Tips (1,401)    Torches (222)    Welders & Plasma Cutters (461)  


MegaDepot brings together the end-user and manufacturer, the benefit of experience that money can't buy. We are proud that we have contributed to the success of our end-users (customers) and suppliers in offering/providing as well as in searching and finding the technologies for every application needed and demanded in modern daily life.
It's important tо organize products into departments and categories to help the customers with the flow throughout your website. They should start at the top level and work through the departments to the end category, ending up successfully in the needed one and matching exactly the personal/specific needs and demands. We realize that defining our product department and category well, we lay the foundation for successful analysis as well as product search to your advantage. 
We have a long past because we have always looked to the future, which has required us to constantly improve and update our products, application methods and technologies. At the same time, we believe that the traditional values of hard work, integrity, innovation, dedicated customer service, and loyalty to our customers and manufacturers, are still the values that will stand the test of time.








Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Scientific Industries, Inc.


















 












0 item(s) - $0.00

Your shopping cart is empty!

 





Search






Home

HomeWish List (0)My AccountShopping CartCheckout






           Welcome visitor you can login or create an account.         












Products

 

Products Catalog

Antibodies Immunodetection
Assays and Kits
Bioreagents
Lab Supplies
Immunohistochemistry Tools
Instruments and Equipment
Sample Preparation




Advanced Products Search


Products by Technique

Cellular and Tissue Analysis
Nucleic Acid Research
Protein Expression and analysis




Products by Applications

Cancer Research
Cell Biology
Drug Discovery Development
Immunology
Molecular Biology
Pathology and Immunohistochemistry
Signal Transduction
Stem Cell Research




Products by Supplier Lists

Accelagen Inc.
BenchMark Scientific
Bio-Quick Corp.
Codex Biosolutions, Inc.
DBio
Logos Biosystems
Molecular Transfer, Inc.
NewEast Biosciences
more...






Applications

 
Applications

Cancer Research
Cell Biology
Drug Discovery Development
Gene Expression and Delivery 
Immunology
Molecular Biology
Neuroscience
Pathology and Immunohistochemistry
Signal Transduction
Stem Cell Research




Products by Technique

Cellular and Tissue Analysis
Cell and Functional Assays
Cell Culture and Stem Cell Research
Cell Isolation and Tissue Dissociation
Immunohistochemistry
Transfection and Transformation




 

Nucleic Acid Research
Gene Expression and Delivery
Isolation and Purification
Mapping and Cloning




 

Protein Expression and Analysis
Antibodies & Immunodetection Reagents
Protein Isolation, Stabilization, and Purification
Transfection






Services

 
Vita Service
	
About VitaScientific Services Network
Service Menu
Service Request Form (login needed)
Contact Us
 






Support

 
Resource Center
	
Product Documents
Technical Notes
Publications
 




Web Tool Box
	
Antibody search
Clone search
Calculator




Order Center
	
How to Order
Register with Us
Login



Advanced Products Search


Contact Us
	
Ways to Contact Us
About VitaScientific






Promos

VitalSigns

 
the blog of VitaScientific
	
New Product & Technology
Lab Tips, Tricks, & Techniques
Science News & Events
VitaScientific News 






























Home
         » Supplier
         » Scientific Industries, Inc.



Scientific Industries, Inc.
Scientific Industries, Inc. is the designer and manufacturer of the Vortex-Genie® laboratory vortex mixer and shaker, as well as a complete line of other Genie™ lab products including microplate shakers and mixers, cell disruptor and homogenizers, magnetic stirrers for every need – low speed, high speed, single position, multi-position, and large volume, large capacity orbital shakers, rotators, rockers, cell culture incubators, shaking incubators, refrigerated incubators, and hydbrization ovens. All of our Genie™ products are proudly made in the USA.
Since its foundation in 1954, Scientific Industries has focused on providing rugged, reliable products, which most notably includes the world-famous Vortex-Genie mixer. Over the years, this vortex mixer and shaker, has become an essential piece of equipment for any type of laboratory, and the vast array of accessories permits convenient mixing in any type of container.
The Vortex-Genie Family is based upon, and originates from, the original Scientific Industries Vortex Jr. Mixer, manufactured prior to 1962. This product line has evolved and expanded over the years, but has maintained the reputation as a “workhorse” and a “must have” in almost any type of laboratory.
Our reputation for high quality, reliability, and affordability is evident from our sales volume—to date, more than 1,000,000 units have been purchased! Moreover, Scientific Industries’ products are built to last, with many of those units still in use today! Our team of engineers is committed to innovating and expanding the Genie family product line, providing our customers with the finest in mixing equipment.




Show:

15

15
25
50
75
100



Sort By:

Default

Default
Name (A - Z)
Name (Z - A)
Price (Low > High)
Price (High > Low)
Rating (Highest)
Rating (Lowest)
Model (A - Z)
Model (Z - A)



Product Compare (0) 





100mL Flask Clamp, (SI-1610)

100mL Flask Clamp, (SI-1610)..



                $21.70                      
Add to Wish List
Add to Compare







125/150mL Flask Clamp, (SI-1611)

125/150mL Flask Clamp, (SI-1611)..



                $24.85                      
Add to Wish List
Add to Compare







1L Flask Clamp, (SI-1614)

1L Flask Clamp, (SI-1614)..



                $47.50                      
Add to Wish List
Add to Compare







250mL Flask Clamp, (SI-1612)

250mL Flask Clamp, (SI-1612)..



                $31.00                      
Add to Wish List
Add to Compare







2L Flask Clamp, (SI-1615)

2L Flask Clamp, (SI-1615)..



                $78.50                      
Add to Wish List
Add to Compare







500mL Flask Clamp, (SI-1613)

500mL Flask Clamp, (SI-1613)..



                $37.25                      
Add to Wish List
Add to Compare







Accessory Tray for Multi-MicroPlate Genie, (SI-4010)

Accessory Tray for Multi-MicroPlate Genie, (SI-4010)..



                $103.00                      
Add to Wish List
Add to Compare







Adhering Mat, Blue, 18" x 18", (SI-1617)

Adhering Mat, Blue, 18" x 18", (SI-1617)..



                $98.80                      
Add to Wish List
Add to Compare







Bag Rotator, 120V, (SI-1000)

Bag Rotator, 120V, (SI-1000)..



                $1,012.00                      
Add to Wish List
Add to Compare







Digital Disruptor Genie, 120V, (SI-DD38)

Digital Disruptor Genie, 120V, (SI-DD38)..



                $700.00                      
Add to Wish List
Add to Compare







Digital MegaMag Genie, 120V, (SI-3236)

Digital MegaMag Genie, 120V, (SI-3236)..



                $859.00                      
Add to Wish List
Add to Compare







Digital MicroPlate Genie Pulse, 120V, (SI-0400A)

Digital MicroPlate Genie Pulse, 120V, (SI-0400A)..



                $711.00                      
Add to Wish List
Add to Compare







Digital QuadMag Genie, 120V, (SI-5236)

Digital QuadMag Genie, 120V, (SI-5236)..



                $1,087.00                      
Add to Wish List
Add to Compare








Digital Vortex-Genie 2, 120V



Shaking or Vortexing Action. Variable speed control allows slow speed shaking action up to high-speed vortexing. In addition, each attachment is designed to produce different mixing actions, allowing users to choose the correct action for each application.

Multi-Task Versatility. A broad rang..



$468.00 $421.20

Add to Wish List
Add to Compare






Disruptor Beads, 0.1mm, 8 oz. Bottle, (SI-BG01)

Disruptor Beads, 0.1mm, 8 oz. Bottle, (SI-BG01)..



                $28.00                      
Add to Wish List
Add to Compare




 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 > >| Showing 1 to 15 of 102 (7 Pages)










Customer Service

My Account
Order History
Wish List

Support Requests
Contact Us




Information

Newsletter
About Us
Partner with VitaScientific.com
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions









   


©BioAstrum Corporation. All Rights Reserved 2014.


Google+






Low Price Guarantee Terms - MegaDepot






 My account   Shop by Departments    Promotions  Brands  Industries  Resources 

GET $5 OFF ON YOUR FIRST PURCHASE

LEARN MORE

 (800) 970-3646 (USA)  Help    Contact Us  Help Center       Sign in My account       My cart   All DepartmentsCleaning EquipmentEducation & Teaching SuppliesHand ToolsHVAC/R Equipment & FansLab & ScientificMachines & Power ToolsMarking ToolsMaterial Handling EquipmentMeasuring & Layout ToolsMed Equipment & SuppliesNetworking & WiringOpticsOtherPlumbingPrinters & ScannersProcess Control & AutomationSafetySealants & TapesSecuritySoftwareTest EquipmentWelding & Soldering Equipment  Go 

FREE SHIPPING


      On Flir Ex Series Cameras
    

  Home    Help & Info    Guarantees   Low Price Guarantee Terms Low Price Guarantee Terms  



Ordering

Order Status
Purchase Orders






Shipping

Free Shipping
Shipment Tracking






Return Policy

Product Return Procedure
Restocking Fee






International Sales

Payment
Shipping




Browse help topics  International Sales  International Sales Backorders  Documents  Export Administration Regulations (EAR)  Export Policy and Restrictions Information  Important Export Restrictions Warning  International Traffic in Arms Regulations (ITAR)  Payment  Proforma Invoice  Shipping  Warranties   Ordering Information  Ordering Information Correction of Errors and Inaccuracies  Product Description  B2G, Military and Law Enforcement Orders  RFQ & Volume Orders  Purchase Orders  Order Verification  Backorders  Coupon Codes  Order Cancellation  Payment Options  Sales Tax  Ordering  W9 Form  Missing Package   Account  Account Order Status  Saved Credit Cards  Product Status  Order History  Changing your password  Changing your email address  Address Book   Company Information  Company Information About Us  Our Clients   Contacts  Contacts Contact Us  Contact Manufacturers Support   FAQs  FAQs Additional Documents and Certificates  Why Buy From an Authorized Distributor?  Affiliate Program   Guarantees  Guarantees Privacy Policy  Low Price Guarantee Terms  Safety & Security  Limitation of Liability  Warranties  Force Majeure   Shipping  Shipping Free Shipping  Shipping rates and charges  Expedited Shipping (Next Day Air, 2nd Day Air, etc.)  Shipment Tracking  Shipping Carriers Contact Information  Shipping to APO/FPO/DPO Addresses  Special Delivery Options  Important Shipping Notices  Hazardous Shipping   Product Return Procedure  Product Return Procedure Defective Products Return  Other Conditions  Products that are NOT Returnable  Returns due to Our Errors  Returns for products Damaged in Shipping  Wrong, NOT Wanted, Non-Defective Products Low Price Guarantee Terms  


If within 30 days of the date you purchase (the order date shown in your MegaDepot Order Confirmation), the exact same product is advertised on MegaDepot.com at a lower published retail price, we will refund you the difference, up to $100. Please check the eligibility terms and conditions below before making a request.
Note: Items purchased through a bundling arrangement or specific promotion are not eligible for the Low Price Guarantee.
To get paid for the published retail price difference, send your Order Confirmation email and a proof of the lower price advertised on our website, and MegaDepot will send you a refund for the price difference. See more details for request process below. Some terms and conditions apply, see below.
Eligibility
Each time you purchase from MegaDepot, you automatically receive the Low Price Guarantee benefits for 30 days of the date you purchase. 
Request
During the 30 day eligibility period, you can request a Low Price Guarantee benefit if the price of the purchased item has dropped. Only registered MegaDepot users can submit a Low Price Guarantee request.
A request must include the following information:

Your MegaDepot.com Order Confirmation Number.
A screenshot and the URL of the same item you purchased, showing the new price.

LOW PRICE GUARANTEE - TERMS AND CONDITIONS

Customer must submit a request following the instructions above in "Request". MegaDepot will review such request for completeness and legitimacy, and, if approved, will make payment directly to customer.
MegaDepot Low Price Guarantee is available only as follows:

For a request greater than $10, up to $100 per transaction and up to a maximum of $100 per claimant in any twelve-month period;
Only the purchaser listed in the "Billing Information" section of the original Order Confirmation, to whom MegaDepot sent emails at the time of sale, may submit a claim;
Requester must have US billing address (USA PayPal user) in order to submit a claim;
The request must be filed within 30 days of the original date of purchase indicated in the Order Confirmation;
The price reduction that is the subject of the request must pertain to the same exact item part number (including same model, size, color, etc.) being offered for sale on MegaDepot.com website.
Low Price Guarantee will not apply to any item purchased for which a volume discount, a bundling arrangement (e.g.: two-for-one), promotion, a customer rebate, an inventory liquidation, "closeout sale", "discontinued item", product sold with a "free offer" (e.g.: free case, etc.), or if other similar special promotional pricing mechanism is applied to the original purchase.
Shipping, handling, taxes, surcharges, and any other similar fees will be excluded from determination of any claim;
No requests may rise from a currency fluctuation; all requests will be reviewed in US dollar terms as priced on MegaDepot.com website.
Low Price Guarantee will not apply to partial, incomplete or cancelled orders, or to any order that is otherwise disputed by either party.
MegaDepot will be the final arbiter of all requests under the Lowest Price Guarantee, and all request determinations will be final.









Find Your Favorite Supplier















 











0 item(s) - $0.00

Your shopping cart is empty!

 





Search






Home

HomeWish List (0)My AccountShopping CartCheckout






           Welcome visitor you can login or create an account.         












Products

 

Products Catalog

Antibodies Immunodetection
Assays and Kits
Bioreagents
Lab Supplies
Immunohistochemistry Tools
Instruments and Equipment
Sample Preparation




Advanced Products Search


Products by Technique

Cellular and Tissue Analysis
Nucleic Acid Research
Protein Expression and analysis




Products by Applications

Cancer Research
Cell Biology
Drug Discovery Development
Immunology
Molecular Biology
Pathology and Immunohistochemistry
Signal Transduction
Stem Cell Research




Products by Supplier Lists

Accelagen Inc.
BenchMark Scientific
Bio-Quick Corp.
Codex Biosolutions, Inc.
DBio
Logos Biosystems
Molecular Transfer, Inc.
NewEast Biosciences
more...






Applications

 
Applications

Cancer Research
Cell Biology
Drug Discovery Development
Gene Expression and Delivery 
Immunology
Molecular Biology
Neuroscience
Pathology and Immunohistochemistry
Signal Transduction
Stem Cell Research




Products by Technique

Cellular and Tissue Analysis
Cell and Functional Assays
Cell Culture and Stem Cell Research
Cell Isolation and Tissue Dissociation
Immunohistochemistry
Transfection and Transformation




 

Nucleic Acid Research
Gene Expression and Delivery
Isolation and Purification
Mapping and Cloning




 

Protein Expression and Analysis
Antibodies & Immunodetection Reagents
Protein Isolation, Stabilization, and Purification
Transfection






Services

 
Vita Service
	
About VitaScientific Services Network
Service Menu
Service Request Form (login needed)
Contact Us
 






Support

 
Resource Center
	
Product Documents
Technical Notes
Publications
 




Web Tool Box
	
Antibody search
Clone search
Calculator




Order Center
	
How to Order
Register with Us
Login



Advanced Products Search


Contact Us
	
Ways to Contact Us
About VitaScientific






Promos

VitalSigns

 
the blog of VitaScientific
	
New Product & Technology
Lab Tips, Tricks, & Techniques
Science News & Events
VitaScientific News 


























Home

    
     » Supplier

Find Your Favorite Supplier
Supplier Index:

    
       A

    
       B

    
       C

    
       D

    
       E

    
       F

    
       G

    
       I

    
       L

    
       M

    
       N

    
       O

    
       Q

    
       S

    
       T

    
       V


A


Accelagen Inc.


Accelagen is a fast growing Gene-to-Protein company providing superior quality services and products. The Accelagen team has demonstrated independent research capability in many projects and provided innovative solutions. They have established an unsurpassed track record of timely completion of projects over the years.




Active Protein, Inc.


Active Protein is a reagents developer based in California.  




Ameritech Biomedicines, Inc.


Ameritech Biomedicines is a high-tech biotechnology company headquartered in Houston, Texas, USA.
As a research-based high-tech enterprise, Ameritech Biomedicines carries out close exchanges and cooperations with research and educational institutes. Focusing on molecular immunology and biology, cell biology, the company obsesses leading-edge technology and ideas, first-class experts and technical teams, and has developed a sequence of high-tech reagents used in scientific researches.
Ameritech Biomedicines aims to produce high-tech，high-quality，low-price and high-end reagents used in the field of life sciences. The products include antibody, PCR, cloning and mutation, reverse transcription and real-time PCR, nucleic acid extraction and purification, embryonic stem cell culture, transfection reagents and growth factors, protein research reagents, fluorescence in situ hybridization and DNA markers, chromatin immunoprecipitation (ChIP) and other products.
Ameritech Biomedicines has been making sustaining efforts to introduce new technology and improve the scientific research level of genomics, proteomics, clinical diagnostics and other areas. Relying on extraordinary research capabilities and innovative technologies, we will continue to develop new products with powerful competitiveness, and promote life science research.






B


Benchmark Scientific


Benchmark Scientific is an equipment supplier that specializes in developing laboratory equipment for life science labs.
New from Benchmark Scientific:





PlateFugeTM, benchtop centrifuge for PCR and microplates

Quickly spins down PCR Strips/plates, microplates or even deep well plates
Patent pending rotor design prevents cross-contamination/spillage
Accepts all PCR plates (or microplates, PCR strip tubes with optional adaptor, deep well plates with optional rotors)






VornadoTM Miniature Vortex Mixer

Powerful vortexing for tubes up to 50 ml
Insta-TouchTM pressure sensitive activated operation
"Mini" sized, less than 4 in. wide






R1000 CoolCubeTM
A Cold block for setting up your PCR reaction, it can maintain temperature at approximately 0° C for up to four hours. the lock has two sides, holds 0.2, 1.5, 2.0 ml tubes and PCR strips/plate;




Benchmark Scientific Equipment Highlights:












Incu-shaker and Orbi-shakers with magnetic flask clamps
 


Countertop microcentrifuges with mixed rotor
 


BeadBug homogenizers
 


BenchRockers
 










Tabletop Autoclaves, Sterilizers
 


Digital and Analog Heatblocks
 


Countertop Incubators
 


Waterbaths
 










Vortex and Mixers
 


Rollers
 


Microplate Incubator/Mixer
 


Lab Supplies
 




 




Bio-Quick Corp.


Bio-Quick is a technology company dedicated to developing innovative technologies for pathology laboratories.  
 

QC-Dots Control Slides
These are quality control slides designed to provide on-slide staining controls for IHC staining and in situ hybridization applications.  QC-Dots slides are pre-spotted with cells that are carefully selected to serve as both positive and negative controls in an IHC or ISH application.  The patent-pending technology was developed over many years and validated for many IHC biomarkers.  QC-Dots slides can be used for establishing optimal testing conditions for new antibodies or used routinely replacing blank microscope slides.
How It Works
Control spots are carefully designed and developed for different IHC or ISH applications, QC-Dots slides can be used just like any blank microscopic slides except positive and negative controls are already there.

Digital Pathology
In a time when many IHC staining images are scanned/digitized and analysed using imaging analysis software, QC-Dots control slides enable automated image analysis and read-out.  By including positive and negative control features on the same slide where the sample is also stained, QC Dots slides make it possible for image analysis software to analyze control signals and sample signals at the same time.  


Different QC-Dots Control Slides:





QC-Dots CA
This is a slide designed for cancer IHC application; The slide contains 9 carefully selected cancer and normal cells spots, those cell spots can be used as positive and negative controls for IHC staining of cancer cells and tissues.  





QC-Dots ID
This is a slide designed for viral IHC/ISH applications; The slide contains spots of cells that infected by 8 different viruses and one spot of cells with no viral infection as the negative control.   





QC-Dots HP
is a slide designed for H. pylori staining; The slide contains two spots: one with cells infected by H. pylori, one with no infection.  The slide is designed for H. pylori IHC/ISH applications.








BioPointe Scientific


BioPointe Scientific is a supplier in San Diego, California. The company is specialized in laboratory plastic products. 
At BioPointe Scientific, we are committed to supplying our customers with products that meet the highest quality standards. We do this by constantly monitoring and improving our manufacturing process from start to finish. Our stringent quality control procedures are second to none. Our processes ensure our customers will receive a product that will be consistent in reliability and quality. We stand behind our products, and will continuously look at ways to improve our business, to provide you, our customer, with the finest laboratory products in the industry.




BioSmith


Founded in 1996 in San Diego California, BioSmoith Biotech offers research supplies as well as novel laboratory related products. 
We are continually looking for additional novel products to add to our line. 






C


Celetrix Biotechnologies


Celetrix Biotechnologies' new sealed-tube electroporation technology (patent pending) delivers superior performance over all currently available electroporation methodologies.  The new technology eliminates variation in transfer efficiency and toxicity seen with the older electroporation methods such as cuvette or capillary electroporation. The new Model CTX-1500A electroporation device is simple to use and consistantly delivers high efficiency nucleic acid transfer with low toxicity to many diverse target cell types: adherent culture, suspension cells, primary neurons...




Codex Biosolutions, Inc.


CodexBiosolutions provides cell based assay products and services to academic and governmental research institutes, and other research labs within the pharmaceutical and biotechnology industries. The company is headquartered in the I-270 Hi-Tech corridor in the state of Maryland. The core products of CodexBiosolution are ACTOne Cell lines and membrane potential kits which are licensed from BD Biosciences. They also develop other new cell based products to meet the demands from various customers.
ACTOne Cell Based Assay Technology
ACTOne Technology is the key platform used by Codex BioSolutions for development of Cell Based Assay for GPCR and PDE.

It is based upon a modified cyclic nucleotide-gated (CNG) ion channel as a biosensor of cAMP activity in live cells. This channel responds in real-time to increases or decreases in intracellular cAMP levels by coordinately altering cation flux (e.g., calcium, potassium or sodium), which can be measured by calcium-sensitive fluorescent indicators, or by Codex’s optimized membrane-potential dye on broadly-available plate readers or on single-cell imagers. By juxtapositioning this biosensor adjacent to adenylyl cyclase, the enzyme responsible for synthesis of cAMP, in the membrane of cells that also express the GPCR target of interest, the biosensor provides ultrasensitive responses to cAMP fluctuations (Rich et. al., J. Gen. Physiol. 2000;116:147–161). The technology platform enables live-cell GPCR screening or deorphanization of agonists, antagonists and allosteric modulators of Gs, Gi or Gq-coupled receptors in 1536-well formats. Because the technology directly measures cAMP through CNG channels, it detects GPCR activity through its nature pathway. No engineering or modifications to the G protein is required. The assay is highly sensitivity to intracellular cAMP change. It has excellent signal to noise ratio and high z’ value. It is also cost-effective and easy to use. Preliminary evidence has been developed that supports the ability to freeze these cell lines in ready-to-screen format, and for enabling receptor profiling for specificity assessment.
The cyclic nucleotide phosphodiesterases (PDEs) are enzymes that catalyze hydrolysis of 3′, 5′-cyclic nucleotides, such as cyclic adenosine monophosphate (cAMP) and cyclic guanosine monophosphate (cGMP), to their corresponding 5′-nucleotide monophosphates. These enzymes play important roles in controlling cellular concentrations of cyclic nucleotides and have central roles in a variety of intracellular signaling events. As such, phosphodiesterases are emerging as a promising class of drug targets, particularly in asthma, cardiovascular and CNS diseases. Currently PDE inhibitors are identified in screens employing biochemical assays using pure substrates (cAMP or cGMP) and purified recombinant PDE enzymes. We have leveraged the CNG channels in the ACTOne Technology to detect intracellular cAMP/cGMP changes and developed the first commercially available live-cell PDE inhibitor assays.
To measure cAMP specific PDE activity, a constitutively active Gs-coupled GPCR is over-expressed in the cells containing CNG channels to stimulate adenylyl cyclases, leading to cAMP synthesis. The produced cAMP is hydrolyzed by intracellular PDE so the steady cAMP is kept at low level. Upon the PDE activity inhibition, the cellular cAMP level rises quickly and is measured by the CNG biosensor. This assay has been used to identify inhibitors of PDE4 in a 1536 well format (Titus et al, J Biomol Screen 2008; 13: 609-618).
To assay cGMP specific PDE activity, soluble guanylate cyclase (sGC) was stably transfected into the cells containing CNG channels. Cellular cGMP can be increased by the sGC stimulator, BAY 41-2272. In the presence of cGMP specific PDE, the produced cGMP is hydrolyzed quickly by PDE so the steady level of cGMP is low. By adding a cGMP specific PDE inhibitor, the cGMP can accumulate quickly and activate CNG channels.

ACTOne Membrane Potential Dye Kits
ACTOne Cell Lines

 






D


DBio


DBio is a life science supplier based in College Park, Maryland, USA.  Founded in 2011, DBio brings high quality laboratory supplies, instruments and equipment from tools developers all over the world.  
 
Highlights of DBio Products:




Common laboratory buffers in ready-to-use packets, just add water to dissolve, you will get fresh buffer every time.

Precast PAGE gels for protein analysis for either Life Technologies or BioRad gel boxes.



Nitrocellulose membranes for Western Blotting in convenient pre-cut filter paper sandwich packs.

Newly designed X-ray film cassettes and Ultra sensitive blue X-ray films for Western Blotting imaging.



Universal spin columns for nucleic acid preparations: DNA, RNA and plasmid DNA mini preps, fragment clean up and recovery.

Full size or under the counter laboratory freezers and refrigerators;


 
 
 
 



 
 




Dojindo Molecular Technologies, Inc


Headquartered in Kumamoto, Japan, Dojindo's company history dates back to the establishment of the Dojindo Pharmacy in 1910's by Keiji Ueno. Ever since, Dojindo has been producing reagents to support the progress of scientific research.
Dojindo produces over 500 well-known products used by research organizations in many disciplines. Many of these products were developed jointly between Dojindo staff and outside researchers. Dojindo Strives to expand its ability to analyze the future direction of science by maintaining continued interest in new research activities as well as improving its information-gathering network. Dojindo is ready for this shortened product cycle because our creative researchers are working continuously to meet tomorrow's research needs.






E


ELMI Ltd. 


ELMI Ltd. is a leading laboratory equipment manufacturer located in the Baltic States and Russia which has been in operation since 1989. Their focus is supplying the industry with state-of-the-art technologies of high quality and performance at reasonable prices. ELMI product lines are constantly updated to fit the very latest modern techniques that customers desire. The up-to-date business management methods used by ELMI allow them to operate with low costs and respond to market needs very fast. ELMI products are produced in the best manufacturing environments and meet strict quality control standards which keep customers satisfied throughout the years.

Most Popular ELMI Lab Equipments:





SkylineTM, benchtop centrifuge for 15, 50 ml tubes and microplates

Compact, quiet, yet versatile for cell culture room and general lab usage;
Less than $1,200. also available as FDA registered version for medical laboratories;
Three year manufacturer warranty;






 
Intelli-MixerTM

A series of versatile lab mixers that mix many different sizes tubes, flasks;
Rotating, rocking, shaking and mixing samples;
Come in 3 different sizes with many accessories;
Three year manufacturer warranty;





 
Equipment Highlights:











Microcentrifuges and Unique centrifuge/mixer
 


Magnetic Multi-Stirrer
 


Digital and Analog Rockers/Shakers
 









Microplate Incubator/Mixer
 


Vortexer
 


Water Bath
 








EZBiolab


EZBiolab provides innovative products and high quality research services at affordable prices for life science research. Founded by scientists with decades of research experience in both academic and industry settings, EZBiolab sets high standards for scientific excellence and customer satisfaction.






F


Fine Biotech


Fine Biotech is a Wuhan based biotech company specializing in a full line of quality research kits including ELISA Kits, related ELISA reagents, high quality antibodies, and recombinant proteins.




Four E's Scientific


Guangzhou Four E's scientific Co., Ltd was established to serve the laboratory market worldwide with an objective to be recognized as one of China's leading manufacturers, exporters and marketers of top quality laboratory instruments and scientific equipments. We have been manufacturing a wide choice of quality laboratory analysis, testing and measuring instruments including Centrifuges, Shakers, Magnetic Stirrers, Rotators, Dry Bath Incubators, Spectrophotometers etc. Our dedicated engineering and R&D team work to continually develop new products in addition to implementing product improvements for our existing products. Our goal is to design and manufacture new and innovative research tools for the life science that will cover nearly all of your laboratory needs.
By maintaining the ISO9001:2008 and ISO13485:2003 certifications, we continue to ensure total quality control of our products. All spects of design and manufacture are performed in the company's modern production facilities. At 4E's Scientific, we realize that our job is not complete until our customers are completely satisfied and we strive to earn 100% customer satisfaction by providing products with the highest quality at the most economical prices and with timely delivery schedules.
We provide in an extremely wide range of laboratory instruments, but our capacities extend far beyond manufacturing laboratory equipment. OEM is available on request. We're experienced in OEM services and can provide custom products made to customer specifications.
Four E's Scientific cares about the products we create and values the customers we serve. We want to exceed our customers exectations and work to provide a foundation for the sustainable success for all our customers.
We're here for you and look forward to serving you.
 






G


GL Biochem Ltd


GL Biochem is an internationally recognized biochemical manufacturing company that specializes in the production of peptide reagents, custom peptides and antibodies. GL Biochem is based in Shanghai, China where a 50,000 square foot headquarter and research facility is located. There are 5 manufacturing sites and 2 Research & Development centers that all together total over 350,000 square feet. We employ over 1000 science professionals with strong Biotech industry backgrounds. Our highly qualified staff which includes over 13 years of GL management experience and our modern facilities allow GL Biochem is to provide high quality, value-added peptide related products. We support today leading medical researchers all over the world.
 




GYROZEN


GYROZEN is a leading manufacturer in South Korea of centrifuges, sample concentrators and laboratory shakers.
GYROZEN centrifuges are qualified separation tools that provide accurate and stable centrifugation technology.
Discover the ideal centrifuge and accessories for your everyday research needs.






I


Implen


Implen is a privately held corporation that is a leading supplier for spectroscopy instruments and consumables for the non-destructive analysis of ultra low volume samples. The company focuses on biological, chemical, and pharmaceutical laboratories in industry and research. Implen has a strong focus on the customer taking pride in providing quality products and a high level of customer service to achieve total customer satisfaction.
Implen NanoPhotometers



Model
NP80
N60
N50
C40


 






Sample Options
Nanovolume and cuvette
Nanovolume
Nanovolume
Cuvette


Full Spectrum Scan
200 - 900 nm
200 - 900 nm
200 - 650 nm
200 - 900 nm


Detection Range, nanovolume
dsDNA: 1 - 16,500 ng/ul BSA:    0.03 - 478 mg/ml
dsDNA: 1 - 16,500 ng/ul BSA:    0.03 - 478 mg/ml
dsDNA: 1 - 7,500 ng/ul BSA:    0.15 - 217 mg/ml
N/A


Detection Range, Cuvette 
dsDNA: 0.1 - 130 ng/ul BSA:    0.003 - 3.7 mg/ml
N/A
N/A
dsDNA: 0.1 - 130 ng/ul BSA:    0.003 - 3.7 mg/ml


Path - length
0.67 and 0.07 mm
0.67 and 0.07 mm
0.67 and 0.07 mm
10 mm


Pre-programmed nucleic acid & protein methods

Yes

Yes
Yes
Yes


Measure 260/230 & s60/280 ratios
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes


LCD Touch Screen (glove compatible)
Optional
Optional
Optional
Optional


Customizable Methods
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes


Built-In Temperature Controlled Cuvette Holder
Yes
 
 
Yes


Built-In Vortex
Yes
Yes
 
 


Built-In Battery Pack
Optional
Optional
Optional
Optional



 






L


Logos Biosystems


Founded in 2008, Logos Biosytems is developing a series of lab automation systems and imaging instruments. The primary commercial targets of Logos Biosystems are cell biology and molecular biology. Their mission is to provide innovative research solutions to the scientists in these fields. Based on highly advanced robotics and imaging technology, Logos Biosystems will continue to release more and more advanced levels of innovative instruments for cell and molecular biology research.
Logos Products At a Glance





X-CLARITY Electrophoretic Tissue Clearing (ETC) System, LGBED0001
Tissue clearing instrument for 3-D imaging and more



iRiS Digital Cell Imaging System, LGBD50001
Digital inverted fluorescence microscope with ultra-low noise CMOS sensor.



Luna II cell counter with optional built-in printer.
The newest addition to the poplular Luna cell counter family.





 






Luna Bright Field Cell Counter:
			Bright field (typan blue) cell counting for primary and cultured cells.


Luna-FL Fluorescence Cell Counter:
			Bright field and two color fluorescence cell counting; Advanced applications such as GFP expression, yeast viability counting.

Luna-Stem Fluorescence Cell Counter:
			Dual fluorescence cell counter that accurately counts nucleated and non-nucleated cells such as stem cells and stromal vascular fraction (SVF).




IRIS Digital Cell Imaging Systems:
Publication quality three color Epi-fluorescence imaging at your figure tips:
 








 

Key Features and Benefits of Luna Cell Counters:
Advanced Hardware and Software Design:

Touch Screen controls --- no computer is needed
High Resolution CCD camera --- produces accurate cell counting results
Powerful data processing chip --- 7 seconds cell counting to results time - the Luna-BF cell counter is one of the fastest cell counters on the market!
Patented T-Bond cell counting slides --- nearly half the price of other brands, ensuring minimal long term usage costs
Intuitive and flexible user interface --- enables on-board analysis, easy printing and exporting of data

Advanced Applications for the Luna FL Fluorescence Cell Counter:

Acridine Orange / Propidium Iodide (AO/PI) cell viability Assay
GFP transfection Assay
Yeast cell counting capability

Luna cell counters are used to count many different primary cells and cultured cell lines. Join the rapidly expanding users around the world, and discover the many benefits of Luna Automated Cell Counting!
Already using the Luna Cell Counter? Add your favorite cells to this list --- send us the picture and we will post it for you:





Jurkat


MDA-MB-468


N4 
(mHypoE-N4)


MCF7


N7 
(mHypoE-N7)


HL-60




IMR-32


Saccharomyces Cerevisiae


HeLa


Human 
PBMC


DAUDI


UWB1.289




COS7


SUM149PT


SCN 2.2


CC-503


Mouse Thymocyte


MIA PaCa-2




Mouse
Splenocyte


CHO


U2OS


PBMC


NIH3T3


COS-7




Hs-578-T


N44 
(mHypoE-N44)


293T


MDA-MB-436


BT-549


Mouse
PBMC




293A


MDA-MB-231


Mouse
neuron


GT1-7


Your cell 


MCF 10A




 
 







M


Molecular Transfer, Inc.


Molecular Transfer, Inc (MTI) was established in the summer of 2003 by a small group of highly experienced biotechnology professionals, who were formerly at Invitrogen/ Life Technologies, with the vision of providing superior products in the area of transformation and transfection reagents.  MTI has been providing high quality and state of the art products to the research community through several OEM manufacturing relationships with large, well-known research product companies. In 2009, MTI expanded into the stem cell and neuronal cell areas through its acquisition of GlobalStem, Inc. 

       The founding scientific members of the MTI team have a history of innovation and success in the development of leading-edge technologies in the transfection and transformation arena. During their tenure with BRL / Gibco, Life Technologies/ Invitrogen, they led the development and pioneering commercialization of Lipofectin™,  Lipofectamine™ and Lipofectamine™2000 as well as other transfection products.   MTI has continued to develop pioneering products in the area of transfection through invention and licensing of enabling technologies. These inventions are combined to create  new cutting edge transfection reagents.
   The MTI scientist also helped led the development and pioneering commercialization of virtually all of the offerings in the famous DH5α™ and DH10B™ lines in collaboration with Doug Hanahan. The MTI scientist  helped established and patented the use of low temperature growth to make highly competent frozen cells while at BRL. MTI has continued these pioneering developments   and makes chemically competent cells (5 alpha and 10B) and electrocompetent cells (electro 10B) at the highest efficiency and quality transformation products . An innovative, ready-to-use and proprietary Electro 10B in cuvettes has also been commercialized (US Pat # 7,078,227, 8,105,818). 
   
  GlobalStem is providing neuronal cells and stem-cell products to the research market. These include optimized and qualified growth media, sera, feeder cells, supplements, growth factors, and assay kits, as well as transfection reagents
MTI has an active research program that utilizes expertise in transfection, as well as in stem cell research, to develop novel reagents that are used to deliver nucleic acids into stem cells and neuronal cells. Furthermore, new reagents in the area of gene silencing, mRNA delivery, and genome editing are being developed. MTI is an S-corporation majority owned by its employees.
Introducing DNA-InTM, a new generation of universal transfection reagent for primary and cultured cell lines
DNA-In is a new transfection reagent that has been tested in many popular cell lines and primary cells.  It provides a superior transfection efficiency to Lipofectamine and Lipofectamine 2000.  The tranfection procedure is also simplified so that it is easier to use and optimize.


Cells were transfected with a plasmid, containing EmeraldGFP behind an EF1α promoter, with either DNA-In™ or Lipofectamine®2000, at several different lipid:DNA ratios and examined ~44 hours post-transfection. Representative images of the best conditions for each transfection reagent are shown.

Product Selection Guide








DNA Delivery Reagents
Product Name
Applications


General Purpose Transfection Reagent
DNA-In™
Passaged cell lines (e.g. NIH 3T3, HeLa, MCF7), primary cells


Cell Line and Cell Type Specific Transfection Reagents
DNA-In™ A549
A549 Cells


DNA-In™ CHO
CHO-K1 Cells


DNA-In™ 293
293 Cells


DNA-In™ HepG2
HepG2 Cells


DNA-In™ Neuro
Primary and cultured neurons, neurostem cells


DNA-In™ Stem
Stem cells


mRNA Delivery Reagents
mRNA-In™ 
General purpose mRNA delivery


mRNA-In™ Neuro
Neurons, neurostem cells


siRNA Delivery Reagents
Coming soon, contact us about sample
			 



 
 
DH5α™, DH10B™,Lipofectamine™ and Lipofectin™ are registered trademarks of Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc.






N


NanoSurface Biomedical, Inc.


"In vivo, In vitro"
 
NanoSurface Biomedical’s ANFS (Anisotropically NanoFabricated Substratum) technology brings an in vivo-like cell culture platform to researchers for in vitro cell/tissue studies. Featuring topographical resemblance to the extracellular matrix, nanopatterned substrates provide a topographical and mechanical niche for cells to grow as if they are in vivo.
Nanopatterned surfaces influence both cellular morphology and phenotype. For example, when used with cardiomyocytes, formation of striated sarcomeres, intercalated discs, and polarized expression of gap junction proteins such as cinnexin43 all occur. Phenotypically, cells cultured on ANFS are more mature, and more physiologic, resulting in more predictive, reliable, and reproduceable experiments. 



 
Background

There are many examples of how nanotopographic structures throughout tissues and organs within multi-cellular organisms influence cellular behavior.

With lithographic manufacturing technology, it now is possible to precisely fabricate biomimetic nanotopographic structures within a cell culture device that produce a more 'natural' cellular behavior within a cell population.


Numerous in vitro studies utilizing fabricated nanotopograhic features demonstrate how biomimetic nanostructures impact cellular behaviors (e.g. cell morphology and cell differentiation) and physiology. The following figure shows how cells exhibit different morphologies depending on whether or not the culture surface is flat or grooved.


 
ANFS (Anisotropically NanoFabricated Substratum) Technology
 
Nanostructure with 800 nm wide, 600 nm ridges/grooves is created with nanofabrication.


 
ANFS Cell/Tissue Culture Dish and Plates
 


 
Cell and Tissue Culture with ANFS Surface
 
Human iPSC derived cardiomyocytes (left panel) and Endothelial cells (EA.hy926 human ECs) (Right Panel) cultures grown on either a flat or ANFS surface.


 
Easy to Use ANFS Cell Culture Protocol
 


 
Documents
 
ANFS Technology Brochure
ANFS Cell Culture Products Brochure
ANFS dish and 6 Well Plate Product Sheet
Published Cell Adhesion Data on ANFS Surface
Nanosurface Cell Culture Protocol

 
Publication References

 


 
Cell Type
Publication




1
Cardiomyocytes
Kim et al., PNAS. 2010, 107(2), 565-570


2
Human iPSC derived cardiomyocytes
Macadangdang et al, Cellular and Molecular Bioengineering. 2015, 8(3), 320-332


3
Smooth muscle cells
Nemeth et al. Tissue Engineering: Part A. 20(21 and 22), 2817-2829


4
Endothelial cells (EA.hy926 human ECs)
Jeon et al. ACS Applied Materials and Interfaces. 2015, 4525-4531


5
NIH 3T3 fibroblast cells
Kim et al. Biomaterials, 2009, 30(29), 5433–5444


6
Dental pulp stem cells
Nemeth et al. Tissue Engineering: Part A. 20(21 and 22), 2817-2829


7
Human mesenchymal stem cells
J. Kim et al. Scientific Reports 3, Article number: 3552 (2013)


8
Pre-adipocytes (3T3-L1)
M.S. Kim et al Nanotechnology Journal, Volume 22, Issue Number 49



 
 





Nest Scientific USA Inc.


NEST Scientific is a manufacturer of laboratory plastic products.  Nest has decades of plastic injection molding experience that allows us to control the highest quality standards expected for applications in hospitals, research communities and industrial/clinical laboratories. All Nest products are manufactured using high quality material under the stringent quality system control.  Nest's expansive manufacturing site in Wuxi, China is ISO9001:2008 and FDA registered.  Nest USA offers an expansive listing of Cell/Tissue Culture treated goods, qPCR/PCR consumables & general lab consumables available for distribution. 


Nest Lab Supply Product Category



Cell Culture
Sample Storage & Liquid Handling
PCR Consumables
Bacterial Culture


Cell culture flasks, petri dishes, accessories
Centrifuge tubes, eppendorf tubes, serological pipettes, pipette tips, tube racks & boxes
Strip tubes & caps, PCR plates
Petri dishes, accessories


ELISA Plates
Cryogenic Storage
Storage Plates
Cuvettes


Detachable & undetachable high binding ELISA plataes
Cryogenic storage vials, tube racks & boxes
Deepwell 96 well, 384 well plates
Disposable standard and semi-micro cuvettes


Gloves
 
 
 







NewEast Biosciences


A Helping Hand for Your Research.
NewEast Biosciences is the leader in developing oncogene mutation specific monoclonal antibodies.  NewEast Biosciences has the most extensive panel of monoclonal antibodies in the market against a number of important oncogene proteins. These mutant specific antibodies can be used in basic cancer research. More importantly, they can also be used in clinical research, and potentially be developed into diagnostic assays.

AKT1 and AKT1 (E49K)
ALK and ALK (R1275Q, C1156Y)
ATM and ATM (F858L, R3008H, R2443Q, Q2442P)
B-Raf and B-Raf (V600D, V600E, V600K, V600R, N581S, G469E)
CTNNB and CTNNB (T41A, S37F, S37Y)
EGFR (vIII) and EGFR (V769L, G719S, G719A, G719S, L861Q, L858R, D761Y, A839T, G863D, N826S, L858Q)
ERBB2 poly, ERBB2 mono and ERBB2 (V777A)
IDH1 (R132S, R132H) and IDH2 (R172W,R172K, R172H, R140Q, R172G)
MEK1 (A146T, Q56P, I111S)
PIK3CA and PIK3CA(H1047R, E545K, Q546K, H1047Y, E542Q, D549N)
Ras(G12D, G13D, G13A, G12S, Q61L, Q61H, A146T, Q61R)
TP53 and TP53(R175H)poly, TP53(R282W)poly, TP53(R282W)mono, TP53(R175H)mono
β-catenin and β-catenin (A43V, G38D, G48D, E53K)

Browsing primary antibodies by groupings:

Biomarker antibodies;
G-protein antibodies; 
Antibodies against wild type and mutant oncogene proteins;







O


OmicBiosystems


        Omic Biosystems is to create and provide state-of-the-art technological solutions
for the studies of omics biosciences. Its discoveries, reagents, systems, and services will enable acceleration in scientific exploration and discoveries that make human life better         





Q


Quality Biological 


When it comes to solutions, experience makes a difference. We specialize in product solutions and business solutions; and we make them work for our customers.Quality is our number one priority, and for more than 30 years we’ve manufactured ready-to-use products for researchers and customized solutions for business. Regardless of whether a solution is used at the bench or in a commercial process, our experience makes us flexible and responsive. These are the qualities that make our solutions work for you! Founded in 1983, Quality Biological is a privately held company located in Gaithersburg, Maryland.






S


Sage Creation Science


Beijing Sage Creation Science Co., Ltd is a leading manufacturer of fluorescence/chemiluminescence imagers, gel imagers and laser scanners.
 




Samin Science Co. Ltd


Samin Science is a leading manufacturer of lab furniture and equipment for lab gas supply, lab ventilation, lab safety and environment control.  The company is operated under a registered ISO 14001 and 9001 quality system.  Samin is a member of the International Scientific Equipment and Furniture Association (SEFA). Samin's Labsis lab furniture system incorporates innovative modern furniture design, highest quality material and craftsmanship.  Labsis products have been installed in many major academic and industrial sites all over the world.





Scientific Industries, Inc.


Scientific Industries, Inc. is the designer and manufacturer of the Vortex-Genie® laboratory vortex mixer and shaker, as well as a complete line of other Genie™ lab products including microplate shakers and mixers, cell disruptor and homogenizers, magnetic stirrers for every need – low speed, high speed, single position, multi-position, and large volume, large capacity orbital shakers, rotators, rockers, cell culture incubators, shaking incubators, refrigerated incubators, and hydbrization ovens. All of our Genie™ products are proudly made in the USA.
Since its foundation in 1954, Scientific Industries has focused on providing rugged, reliable products, which most notably includes the world-famous Vortex-Genie mixer. Over the years, this vortex mixer and shaker, has become an essential piece of equipment for any type of laboratory, and the vast array of accessories permits convenient mixing in any type of container.
The Vortex-Genie Family is based upon, and originates from, the original Scientific Industries Vortex Jr. Mixer, manufactured prior to 1962. This product line has evolved and expanded over the years, but has maintained the reputation as a “workhorse” and a “must have” in almost any type of laboratory.
Our reputation for high quality, reliability, and affordability is evident from our sales volume—to date, more than 1,000,000 units have been purchased! Moreover, Scientific Industries’ products are built to last, with many of those units still in use today! Our team of engineers is committed to innovating and expanding the Genie family product line, providing our customers with the finest in mixing equipment.




Signalway Antibody LLC


SAB is a professional manufacturer of phospho-specific antibody products, and we are committed to providing high-quality antibody research tools for life science companies, hospitals, and institutions around the world. Currently, SAB's products cover cell signal transduction, cancer, stem cell, immunology, neuroscience, apoptosis, infectious diseases and other areas.
SAB maintains the best standards in quality assurance and quality control that meets the highest international standards and integrity. We promise that the product quality of every batch can maintain specificity, stability, and continuity from our production workshop to the hands of users through continuous verification of production, testing, and logistics procedures.






T


Transformation Biosciences


Founded in the summer of 2003 by a group of highly experienced biotechnology professionals, Transformation Biosciences is a Division of Molecular Transfer Inc (MTI).  The founding members have a history of innovation and success in the development of leading-edge technologies in transfection and transformation tools. They led the development and pioneering commercialization of virtually all of the offerings in the famous DH5α™, DH10B™, and Lipofectamine™ families of products during their tenure with Invitrogen, and formerly, Life Technologies/BRL.
Outstanding performance...Unsurpassed quality...Affordably priced...Since 2003, MTI has been providing quality products to the research community through several OEM manufacturing relationships with large, well-known research product companies. In late 2007, the members of MTI decided to establish a new division known as Transformation Biosciences (TFB). The main focus of this effort is to bring high performing competent cell products directly to researchers. We, at TFB, believe this allows us to offer frozen, ready-to-use, competent bacterial cells of outstanding performance and unsurpassed quality at very affordable pricing.
DH5α™, DH10B™, and Lipofectamine™ are trademarks of Invitrogen Corporation.
Full selection of competent cell products for all transformation applications:

TFB Electro10B™ and TFB Electro 10BF’™: High efficiency electro-competent cells, with optional expression control (laclq);
TFB 10B™ and TFB 10B™ 96-Well: High efficiency chemically-competent cells, also in high throughput format;
TFB5α™, TFB5α™ Economy and TFB5α™ 96-Well: Chemically competent cells, For demanding applications such as cDNA library construction, cloning of PCR products, and gene banks use the high efficiency TFB 5 Alpha™ cells;  For routine subcloning applications, use TFB 5 Alpha™ Economy cells; TFB5α™ 96-Well is in a ready-to-use format for high throughput transformation.
TFB Blue™: High efficiency competent cells for cDNA library construction, gene banks and M13 bacteriophage work, ideal for cloning and expression of toxic genes.

Competent cells selection guide:




Specifications and Applications


TFB Electro10B™


 TFB Electro 10BF’™


 TFB5α™


TFB5α™ Economy


TFB5α™ 96-Well


TFB 10B™


TFB Blue™


TFB 10B™ 96-Well




T1 phage resistant (fhuA)


X


X


X


X


X


X


X


X




Reduced recombinant events, stabilizing plasmid (recA)


X


X


X


X


X


X


X


X




Endonuclease deficient, Improved plasmid miniprep quality (endA)


X


X


X


X


X


X


X


X




Blue/white screening for clone selection (lacZΔM15)


X


X


X


X


X


X


X


X




Enhanced expression control (laclq)

 

X

 
 
 
 

X


 




Cloning eukaryotic DNA (mcrA,B,C, mrr0)


X


 


 


 


 


X


 


X




cDNA libraries 


X


X


X

 

X


X


X


X




Propagates M13(F+)


X


X


X


 


X


X


X


X




Gene banks


X


X


X

 

X


X


X


X




High-throughput cloning


X


X


X


 


X


X


X


X




PCR cloning 


X


X


X

 

X


X


X


X




Subcloning (amount of DNA is not a limiting consideration)


 


 


 


X


 


 


 


 




Transformation efficiency (cfu/μg)* 


>1010


>1010


>109


>107


>108


>109


>109


>108




 
 






V


Virongy, LLC


Virongy is virological reagent and tool company established to support research and clinical investigation.
Virongy’s mission is to provide scientists and clinicians with innovative technologies for studying viruses and viral vectors. Virongy provides virological services that meet the highest academic and industry standards, facilitating scientific discoveries, clinical diagnostics, and disease treatment.
 




VitaScientific Service Network


A network of service providers working together with VitaScientific to deliver custom research service to academic and industical customers.









Customer Service

My Account
Order History
Wish List

Support Requests
Contact Us




Information

Newsletter
About Us
Partner with VitaScientific.com
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions









   


©BioAstrum Corporation. All Rights Reserved 2014.


Google+






Catalog of Brands - MegaDepot






 My account   Shop by Departments    Promotions  Brands  Industries  Resources 

GET $5 OFF ON YOUR FIRST PURCHASE

LEARN MORE

 (800) 970-3646 (USA)  Help    Contact Us  Help Center       Sign in My account       My cart   All DepartmentsCleaning EquipmentEducation & Teaching SuppliesHand ToolsHVAC/R Equipment & FansLab & ScientificMachines & Power ToolsMarking ToolsMaterial Handling EquipmentMeasuring & Layout ToolsMed Equipment & SuppliesNetworking & WiringOpticsOtherPlumbingPrinters & ScannersProcess Control & AutomationSafetySealants & TapesSecuritySoftwareTest EquipmentWelding & Soldering Equipment  Go 

FREE SHIPPING


      On Flir Ex Series Cameras
    

  Home   Brands Brands  

MegaDepot is built оn a strоng foundation of integrity. And оur reputation fоr quality, reliability and innovation is represented by the brands and their products, sоftware, certificates and various services they carry or additionally offer. As we increase оur offerings, we remain keenly focused оn enhancing our unique technology differentiation — and delivering integrated, value-added solutions.
MegaDepot is proud to be an authorized distributor for all and each of the brands we carry. When you buy from an authorized dealer, you are assured of a high level of reliability and honesty. When you buy from MegaDepot, you do so with peace of mind.


Featured Brands                          
  0-9    A    B    C    D    E    F    G    H    I    J    K    L    M    N    O    P    Q    R    S    T    U    V    W    X    Y    Z    0-9    3B Scientific    3D Stuffmaker    A    A&D Medical    A&D Weighing    Abanaki    Abatement Technologies    Abloy    Abus    Accuform    AccuTrak    Ace Glass    ACR    Across    Action Pump    Adam Equipment    ADC    Advanced Orthopaedics    AEMC    AFS    Agela Technologies    AgraTronix    Air Science    AirMover    Airwolf 3D    Airy Technology    Alemite    All American    All-Weather    AMC    American Beauty Tools    American Educational Products    American Weigh Scales    AMICO    AMMEX    Ample Scientific    AMS    Anest Iwata    Anti-Seize Technology    APG    Aqua Ultraviolet    AR North America    Arconic    Aries FilterWorks    Arrow    Atago    Austin    Aven    B    Bacharach    Bahco    Barska    BarTender    Beckman Coulter    Bel-Art Products    Beta Tools    Big Gator Tools    Bio Plas    BioPointe Scientific    BlackBox    Blue Ocean    BMT USA    Bradley    Brady    Brady People Id    BrandTech    Brecknell    Burndy    C    Carson Optical    Casella    Cash Acme    Cat Pumps    CCL    CDI    Cembre    Chemetrics    Cherne    Cleveland    CMT    Cole-Parmer    Comark    Compliance West    Conitec Datasystems    Control Devices    Cooper-Atkins    Core Products    CPAC Equipment    Crest Ultrasonics    CycloMop    D    Davis Instruments    Dawson    Delco Remy    DeltaTrak    Diamond Products    Digi-Sense    Dino-Lite    Dixon Valve    Duro United    Dwyer    Dynalon    Dynamic Safety    Dynarex    E    E-Instruments    Eagle Tool US    Eclipse Tools    Ecom    Edsal    EE Tools    Eklind    Elenco    Elga LabWater    Emperor Aquatics    Enerac    Ergodyne    Eschenbach    Ever-Tite    Evolis    Excalibur    Extech    EZ Digital    F    FallTech    Fein    Felco    Fieldpiece    Firefly    Fisher    FJC    FJM Security    Flir    Flowline    Fowler    G    Garmin    Garvey    General Tools    GfG Instrumentation    GHS Safety    Globe Scientific    Goal Zero    GQF    Greenlee    Guardian Equipment    H    HawkEye    Heathrow Scientific    Heck    Helukabel USA    Heuer    HF Scientific    HID Global    High-Tech Conversions    Honeywell    Howard    Hurricone    I    Ideal    Ika Works    IMAK Compression    IMAK Ergo    IMAK RSI    IMR Environmental Equipment    Industrial Test Systems    Insize    Instrument Technology, Inc.    Intelligent    Intellinetix    Intuit    Irrometer    J    Jomar    Julabo    K    K Tool International    Kaltman Creations    Kanomax    Kestrel    Kinesio    Kitagawa    Knipex    Konus    Kraft Tool Company    Kushlan    Kwikset    L    La-Co    Lab Companion    LabExact    LabTech    LaMotte    Levenhuk    Lignomat    Little Giant    Locoloc    LogRite    Longevity    Lorex    Lotos    Love Controls    Lovibond    LW Measurements    LW Scientific    M    Mahr    MakerGear    Mark-10    Markal    Marson    Master Lock    Mastercool    MCC    Medicool    Mercoid    Meriam    Met One Instruments    Mettler Electronics    Microflex    Milton    Milwaukee    MiniAirMover    MK Diamond    Morris    MSSC    MTC Moisture Analyzers    N    National Safety Compliance    Nellcor    Nice Stretch    Nissen    NMC    North American Signal Company    Norton    O    Oakton    Oberon Company    OEL Insulated Tools    Ohaus    Oki Data    Optima Scale    P    Pacific Handy Cutter    Palmer Wahl    Peco    Pedrollo    Pfannenberg    Phase II    Pilot Rock    Polar Ice    PolyScience    Power Wizard    PowerSight    Prime Scales    Printek    Proximity    Psiber    PureAire    Q    Q-Scope    R    R. M. Young    Radwag    Raymarine    REED Instruments    Reichert    ReliaMed    Rellfaith    Rice Lake    Robo 3D    Rockwell    Roscoe Medical    Rothenberger    Rutherford Controls    S    Safeway Hydraulics    SAM Medical Products    Sartorius    SATO America    Schonstedt    Scientech    Scientific Industries    Scilogex    Scissor-Lok    SE International    Seal-Tight    Seca    ServoDyne    Sharkbite    Shimpo    SIGLENT    Snap-Loc    Soft Stride    Span    Sper Scientific    SPM Instrument    Stanbio Laboratory    STC    Steady Step    Steinel    Steren    Stir-Pak    Stromberg Carlson    Summa    T    Tach-It    Tajima    Talboys    Tasco, Inc.    Teknetics    Testo    The Energy Detective    Therabath    Thinklogical    Thor    Titan    Topcon    Torbal    Tornado    TPI    Tractel    Tramex    TrippNT    Troemner    Truelok    U    U.S. Jack    UEi    Unisource    United Scientific Supplies    Uniweld    UP 3D    V    Vacuubrand    Vaisala    Valterra    Vee Gee Scientific    Velleman    Vestil    Viasensor    Vision Engineering    W    W.E. Anderson    Webstone    Welch    Wheeleez    WIKA    Wilcom    Williams    Winters    WNL Products    Wohler    Woodward Fab    X    Xeltek    XYZprinting    Y    Yamaha Generator    Yamato    Yellow Jacket    Z    Zebra    Zing Green Products    ZipWall    Zurn  


Find the best selection at MegaDepot


Carefully selected for their impeccable style and quality, we are confident you'll be into them as much as we are.
​Our portfolio of leading brands is organized into seventeen industrial segments. What unites all of these segments is a belief in brand-led growth, based on an understanding of the constantly changing needs of our consumers and the ability to create products that win in the market by delivering superior performance, design and innovation. This commitment has enabled us to build a strong competitive position in each of our categories as consumers worldwide trust and prefer our brands.
No other on-line store offers this comprehensive range of machines and equipment, tools and instruments than we do. Our brands are respected. They're experienced. They're diverse. They're forward thinking. And that's why MegaDepot strives to offer more solutions for our every customer than any other online shop does.
















Scientific Industries, Inc.




































Fisher Scientific 
Fisher HealthCare 
Fisher Science Education 

 






















					
					Sign Up for Email
					
						

Customer Service +1 800-766-7000

















0
 


 







Summer Spotlight: Save Up to 50% 


Chemical Structure
Certificates
Safety Data Sheets
Order Status 	
Special Offers & Programs
Order By Catalog Number
 


 









 









			Search
		



















Sign In 






My 


Account



 








0



 


 
 
 








Fisher ScientificBrandsScientific Industries, Inc.
 
 
 
 






Scientific Industries, Inc.















  



































1 – 30 of  Products













 











 

 











2 Universal Clip Plates - Scientific Industries, Inc.






































You have no items in your shopping cart.






 




		  
		 










JavaScript seems to be disabled in your browser.
                    You must have JavaScript enabled in your browser to utilize the functionality of this website.                






            1.888.850.6208            

   



 0 
 
 
    

My Account






















   











 

Vortex Mixers & Shakers




Vortex Mixers



Large Capacity Vortex Mixers



Microplate Shakers



Orbital Shakers



Cell Disruptors



Centrifuges



Accessories




 

Rotators / Rockers & Incubators




Incubators



Rotators / Rockers



Accessories




 

Magnetic Stirrers




MagStir Genie



MultiMagStir Genie



MegaMag Genie



QuadMag Genie




 

Laboratory Balances



 

Precision Scales




Precision Series



Advanced Series



PRO Series




 

Analytical Balances




Advanced Series



Advanced-Plus Series



PRO Series




 

Moisture Analyzers




Precision



Professional




 

Pharmacy Balances




Precision



Professional



Mechanical




 

Pill Counters




Cloud with Database



Standalone






 

Force Gauges



 

FB THOR Precision 




FB High Resolution



FB High Capacity




 

FC ZEUS Professional 




FC High Resolution



FC High Capacity




 

FS TORQUE Pro




FSA Cap Tester



FSB Jacobs Chuck



FSC Tool Testers





Test Stands


 

Accessories




Attachments and Grips



Load-Cells





Force Gauge Certificates




 

Bioprocessing




CellPhase



CellStation



 
 

Utilities

Contact Us
Find your Distributor
Online Catalog
Support 
Warranty Registration
Replacement Parts
Applications
Literature Downloads & Manuals
Distributor Portal
Trade Shows
FAQs
About Us



Tel.1.888.850.6208





 





            1.888.850.6208            

   



 0 
 
 
    

My Account





Utilities &nbsp


Contact Us
Find your Distributor
Online Catalog
Support 
Warranty Registration
Replacement Parts
Applications
Literature Downloads & Manuals
Distributor Portal
Trade Shows
FAQs
About Us







            1.888.850.6208            

   



 0 
 
 
    

My Account





Cart &nbsp




You have no items in your shopping cart.




 




            1.888.850.6208            

   



 0 
 
 
    

My Account





Search &nbsp



Search Site





Search







 




            1.888.850.6208            

   



 0 
 
 
    

My Account





Contact &nbsp








 


				80 Orville Drive, Suite 102
				
				Bohemia, New York , 11716 
				







 


Phone: (631) 567-4700
					
Toll Free: (888) 850-6208
					
				







 


custsvc@scientificindustries.com







Contact Us












*Name





*Email







*Telephone




*Comment













* Required Fields


Submit






.
	      


 




            1.888.850.6208            

   



 0 
 
 
    

My Account





User &nbsp






Registered Customers

If you have an account with us, please log in.


*Email Address





*Password





* Required Fields






Login
Create an Account


Forgot Your Password?





















Home
—› 


2 Universal Clip Plates


 
 
 







 In stock










 
 










 

2 Universal Clip Plates
 

SKU: SI-1134


Quick Overview
Pack of 2 clip plates with two elastic bands each for use with odd-shapped sample vessels. This can be attached to the Magnetic Platform for use with the Roto-Shake Genie, Rotator Genie, Enviro-Genie or Incubator-Genie.


Quantity:

 

 
Add To Compare
 
 



$52.02 





Add to Cart
 
 
Also available through preferred distributors and partners:















































 







 



 






Product Download












 
 
 
 




 






×
Coming Soon


 

Close






Need Help?




 
 




TALK TO US
Want to speak to someone? We 're here to answer any questions. Just call! 
Monday ‐ Friday, 9:00 AM ‐ 5:00 PM EST.
 +1 888 850-6208


 
 

 Need Help?


Chat with an expert
We're offline
Would you like to accept a Live Help Center
with one our staff members?


Accept
Decline



 





Your inquiry was submitted and will be responded to as soon as possible. Thank you for contacting us.



TALK TO US


Name*




Email*




Telephone*










* Required Fields
 


Comment*




Submit

 
 
 



 
 
 
















Microplate Shakers - Scientific Industries, Inc.






































You have no items in your shopping cart.






 




		  
		 










JavaScript seems to be disabled in your browser.
                    You must have JavaScript enabled in your browser to utilize the functionality of this website.                






            1.888.850.6208            

   



 0 
 
 
    

My Account






















   











 

Vortex Mixers & Shakers




Vortex Mixers



Large Capacity Vortex Mixers



Microplate Shakers



Orbital Shakers



Cell Disruptors



Centrifuges



Accessories




 

Rotators / Rockers & Incubators




Incubators



Rotators / Rockers



Accessories




 

Magnetic Stirrers




MagStir Genie



MultiMagStir Genie



MegaMag Genie



QuadMag Genie




 

Laboratory Balances



 

Precision Scales




Precision Series



Advanced Series



PRO Series




 

Analytical Balances




Advanced Series



Advanced-Plus Series



PRO Series




 

Moisture Analyzers




Precision



Professional




 

Pharmacy Balances




Precision



Professional



Mechanical




 

Pill Counters




Cloud with Database



Standalone






 

Force Gauges



 

FB THOR Precision 




FB High Resolution



FB High Capacity




 

FC ZEUS Professional 




FC High Resolution



FC High Capacity




 

FS TORQUE Pro




FSA Cap Tester



FSB Jacobs Chuck



FSC Tool Testers





Test Stands


 

Accessories




Attachments and Grips



Load-Cells





Force Gauge Certificates




 

Bioprocessing




CellPhase



CellStation



 
 

Utilities

Contact Us
Find your Distributor
Online Catalog
Support 
Warranty Registration
Replacement Parts
Applications
Literature Downloads & Manuals
Distributor Portal
Trade Shows
FAQs
About Us



Tel.1.888.850.6208





 





            1.888.850.6208            

   



 0 
 
 
    

My Account





Utilities &nbsp


Contact Us
Find your Distributor
Online Catalog
Support 
Warranty Registration
Replacement Parts
Applications
Literature Downloads & Manuals
Distributor Portal
Trade Shows
FAQs
About Us







            1.888.850.6208            

   



 0 
 
 
    

My Account





Cart &nbsp




You have no items in your shopping cart.




 




            1.888.850.6208            

   



 0 
 
 
    

My Account





Search &nbsp



Search Site





Search







 




            1.888.850.6208            

   



 0 
 
 
    

My Account





Contact &nbsp








 


				80 Orville Drive, Suite 102
				
				Bohemia, New York , 11716 
				







 


Phone: (631) 567-4700
					
Toll Free: (888) 850-6208
					
				







 


custsvc@scientificindustries.com







Contact Us












*Name





*Email







*Telephone




*Comment













* Required Fields


Submit






.
	      


 




            1.888.850.6208            

   



 0 
 
 
    

My Account





User &nbsp






Registered Customers

If you have an account with us, please log in.


*Email Address





*Password





* Required Fields






Login
Create an Account


Forgot Your Password?

















Home
—› 


Vortex Mixers & Shakers
—› 


Microplate Shakers


 
 
 





Microplate ShakersOur MicroPlate Genie line consists of digital and analog models which are offered in single and multi-plate configurations.  Our exclusive precise vortex orbit guarantees true vortexing action in each well of the microplate, at all times.





Grid 
                                                                List 
                                                   

 

Sort By:


 
                                    position 
                  




                    Position                



                    Name                



                    Price                





 




View: 

 
             
                 
             
                 
                            12    
                        




                 12              



                 24              



                 36              




 
 
 















 





                            
                            Digital MicroPlate G...                         


SKU: SI-0400A
                         MicroPlate mixing with precise control of speed and time with Pulsing feature.                         
                           


$725.22 






DETAILS
Add to compare
 

 
















 





                            
                            MicroPlate Genie                         


SKU: SI-0400
                         MicroPlate mixing action with a vortexing orbit of 1.0mm.                         
                           


$550.80 






DETAILS
Add to compare
 

 
















 





                            
                            Digital Multi-MicroP...                         


SKU: SI-4000A
                         Mixing up to 4 microplates with precise control of speed and time.                         
                           


$840.48 






DETAILS
Add to compare
 

 
















 





                            
                            Multi-MicroPlate Gen...                         


SKU: SI-4000
                         MicroPlate mixing up to 4 microplates with configurable speed and time.                         
                           


$708.90 






DETAILS
Add to compare
 

 








 
 

 




 




Categories




Vortex Mixers & Shakers




                              
                    Vortex Mixers                                            
                


                              
                    Large Capacity Vortex Mixers                                            
                


                              
                    Microplate Shakers                                            
                


                              
                    Orbital Shakers                                            
                


                              
                    Cell Disruptors                                            
                


                              
                    Centrifuges                                            
                


                              
                    Accessories                                            
                





Rotators / Rockers & Incubators
 


                              
                    Incubators                                            
                


                              
                    Rotators / Rockers                                            
                


                              
                    Accessories                                            
                





Magnetic Stirrers
 


                              
                    MagStir Genie                                            
                


                              
                    MultiMagStir Genie                                            
                


                              
                    MegaMag Genie                                            
                


                              
                    QuadMag Genie                                            
                





Laboratory Balances
 


                              
                    Precision Scales                                            
                



                              
                    Precision Series                                            
                


 
 

                              
                    Advanced Series                                            
                


 
 

                              
                    PRO Series                                            
                


 
 

 


                              
                    Analytical Balances                                            
                



                              
                    Advanced Series                                            
                


 
 

                              
                    Advanced-Plus Series                                            
                


 
 

                              
                    PRO Series                                            
                


 
 

 


                              
                    Moisture Analyzers                                            
                



                              
                    Precision                                            
                


 
 

                              
                    Professional                                            
                


 
 

 


                              
                    Pharmacy Balances                                            
                



                              
                    Precision                                            
                


 
 

                              
                    Professional                                            
                


 
 

                              
                    Mechanical                                            
                


 
 

 


                              
                    Pill Counters                                            
                



                              
                    Cloud with Database                                            
                


 
 

                              
                    Standalone                                            
                


 
 

 





Force Gauges
 


                              
                    FB THOR Precision                                             
                



                              
                    FB High Resolution                                            
                


 
 

                              
                    FB High Capacity                                            
                


 
 

 


                              
                    FC ZEUS Professional                                             
                



                              
                    FC High Resolution                                            
                


 
 

                              
                    FC High Capacity                                            
                


 
 

 


                              
                    FS TORQUE Pro                                            
                



                              
                    FSA Cap Tester                                            
                


 
 

                              
                    FSB Jacobs Chuck                                            
                


 
 

                              
                    FSC Tool Testers                                            
                


 
 

 


                              
                    Test Stands                                            
                


                              
                    Accessories                                            
                



                              
                    Attachments and Grips                                            
                


 
 

                              
                    Load-Cells                                            
                


 
 

 


                              
                    Force Gauge Certificates                                            
                





Bioprocessing
 


                              
                    CellPhase                                            
                


                              
                    CellStation                                            
                









        Compare Products                    
    

You have no items to compare.To add products click  


 close


 
 

 






×
Coming Soon


 

Close






Need Help?




 
 




TALK TO US
Want to speak to someone? We 're here to answer any questions. Just call! 
Monday ‐ Friday, 9:00 AM ‐ 5:00 PM EST.
 +1 888 850-6208


 
 

 Need Help?


Chat with an expert
We're offline
Would you like to accept a Live Help Center
with one our staff members?


Accept
Decline



 





Your inquiry was submitted and will be responded to as soon as possible. Thank you for contacting us.



TALK TO US


Name*




Email*




Telephone*










* Required Fields
 


Comment*




Submit

 
 
 



 
 
 

















Laboratory equipment - Scientific Industries, Inc.





































You have no items in your shopping cart.






 




		  
		 










JavaScript seems to be disabled in your browser.
                    You must have JavaScript enabled in your browser to utilize the functionality of this website.                






            1.888.850.6208            

   



 0 
 
 
    

My Account






















   











 

Vortex Mixers & Shakers




Vortex Mixers



Large Capacity Vortex Mixers



Microplate Shakers



Orbital Shakers



Cell Disruptors



Centrifuges



Accessories




 

Rotators / Rockers & Incubators




Incubators



Rotators / Rockers



Accessories




 

Magnetic Stirrers




MagStir Genie



MultiMagStir Genie



MegaMag Genie



QuadMag Genie




 

Laboratory Balances



 

Precision Scales




Precision Series



Advanced Series



PRO Series




 

Analytical Balances




Advanced Series



Advanced-Plus Series



PRO Series




 

Moisture Analyzers




Precision



Professional




 

Pharmacy Balances




Precision



Professional



Mechanical




 

Pill Counters




Cloud with Database



Standalone






 

Force Gauges



 

FB THOR Precision 




FB High Resolution



FB High Capacity




 

FC ZEUS Professional 




FC High Resolution



FC High Capacity




 

FS TORQUE Pro




FSA Cap Tester



FSB Jacobs Chuck



FSC Tool Testers





Test Stands


 

Accessories




Attachments and Grips



Load-Cells





Force Gauge Certificates




 

Bioprocessing




CellPhase



CellStation



 
 

Utilities

Contact Us
Find your Distributor
Online Catalog
Support 
Warranty Registration
Replacement Parts
Applications
Literature Downloads & Manuals
Distributor Portal
Trade Shows
FAQs
About Us



Tel.1.888.850.6208





 





            1.888.850.6208            

   



 0 
 
 
    

My Account





Utilities &nbsp


Contact Us
Find your Distributor
Online Catalog
Support 
Warranty Registration
Replacement Parts
Applications
Literature Downloads & Manuals
Distributor Portal
Trade Shows
FAQs
About Us







            1.888.850.6208            

   



 0 
 
 
    

My Account





Cart &nbsp




You have no items in your shopping cart.




 




            1.888.850.6208            

   



 0 
 
 
    

My Account





Search &nbsp



Search Site





Search







 




            1.888.850.6208            

   



 0 
 
 
    

My Account





Contact &nbsp








 


				80 Orville Drive, Suite 102
				
				Bohemia, New York , 11716 
				







 


Phone: (631) 567-4700
					
Toll Free: (888) 850-6208
					
				







 


custsvc@scientificindustries.com







Contact Us












*Name





*Email







*Telephone




*Comment













* Required Fields


Submit






.
	      


 




            1.888.850.6208            

   



 0 
 
 
    

My Account





User &nbsp






Registered Customers

If you have an account with us, please log in.


*Email Address





*Password





* Required Fields






Login
Create an Account


Forgot Your Password?






















 SUPPORTNeed help or assistance with one of our products? Get quick and easy access to technical assistance including live help support .





 WARRANTY REGISTRATION Validating your warranty is easy. Register today and get extended free coverage.






 PRESS RELEASES Stay up to date on new product releases, trade show schedules, and exciting company news.






 
FIND YOUR DISTRIBUTOR

Choose from the finest distributors that stock all of your favorite Genie products and Torbal Balances.







Rockers & Incubators view all














 Enviro-Genie

 

Environmentally Controlled  5-in-1 Refrigerator / Incubator /Rotator / Rocker / Stirrer
 
 
 
 


          DETAILS          
 
 











 Incubator-Genie

 

Allows to heat, rotate, rock, and shake all in one compact unit. 
 
 
 
 


          DETAILS          
 
 











 Rotator Genie with Magnetic Pl...

 

Securely holds various spring clip mounting plates for rotating action.
 
 
 
 


          DETAILS          
 
 











 Rotator Genie

 

Specifically built to hold a variety of tubes, flasks, microplates, bags, and irregularly shaped vessels at any angle.
 
 
 
 


          DETAILS          
 
 











 Roto-Shake Genie

 

Combines rocking and rotating in one rugged and versatile design.
 
 
 
 


          DETAILS          
 
 







Vortex Mixers & Shakers view all














 Mini-300 Orbital-Genie Ratchet...

 

Platform with ratcheting clamps for gentle shaking of odd shaped vessels and containers.
 
 
 
 


          DETAILS          
 
 











 Digital MicroPlate Genie Pulse

 

MicroPlate mixing with precise control of speed and time with Pulsing feature.
 
 
 
 


          DETAILS          
 
 











 Vortex-Genie Pulse

 

True pulsing action guarantees more collisions and random motion.
 
 
 
 


          DETAILS          
 
 











 Digital Vortex-Genie 2

 

Our most programmable Vortex-Genie with digital control display of speed and time.
 
 
 
 


          DETAILS          
 
 











 Vortex-Genie MAX

 

High velocity vortex mixer, fully programmable for the most demanding laboratory applications. Up to 2000 RPM.
 
 
 
 


          DETAILS          
 
 











 Multi Vortex-Genie

 

Large capacity shaking with true vortexing action, featuring an adjustable clamping system. Up to 1000 RPM.
 
 
 
 


          DETAILS          
 
 











 Orbital-Genie Flask Clamps

 

Orbital-Genie for standard flask clamps is equipped with a platform for accepting various size flasks or beakers.
 
 
 
 


          DETAILS          
 
 







Precision Scales, Analytical Balances & Moisture Analyzers view all














 AGN200

 

200g x 0.0001g Analytical Balance w/ Auto Calibration & USB
 
 
 
 


          DETAILS          
 
 











 ATS120

 

0.01% [120 x 0.001g] Moisture Analyzer - 160C Drying
 
 
 
 


          DETAILS          
 
 











 AD520

 

520g x 0.001g Precision Scale
 
 
 
 


          DETAILS          
 
 











 AG3000

 

3000g x 0.01g Precision Scale w/ Auto Calibration & USB
 
 
 
 


          DETAILS          
 
 











 AGS120 250C PRO

 

0.01% [120g x 0.001g] Moisture Analyzer - 250C Drying
 
 
 
 


          DETAILS          
 
 












From our YouTube Channel










Introducing the Wizard Mini-Fuge

- Compact and Space-Saving design
- Super Quiet with minimum vibration
- Includes all essential adapters and accessories

  DETAILS 






Non-invasive pH and DO monitoring systems
Scientific Industries offers a complete line of optical pH and DO sensors which are ideal for almost any bioprocessing application and cell cultivation monitoring.
 DETAILS 











Stay Current view all
 



  

Read More

 

Mini Orbital-Genie

New robust & compact Mini Orbital-Genie Shakers. Unique benchtop orbital shakers deliver exceptional performance, much like the large footprint Orbital-Genie, but for smaller capacity and containers requiring a small orbit.
 ≫read more≪ 





  

Read More

 

Experimental Biology

EB Chicago 2017 April 22-26
 ≫read more≪ 





  

Read More

 

CellPhase

Scientific Bioprocessing, a division of Scientific Industries, introduces non-invasive pH and DO monitoring.
 ≫read more≪ 





  

Read More

 

ASM Microbe 2017

ASM June 1-5 New Orleans Booth# 3026
 ≫read more≪ 


 

 
 
 






×
Coming Soon


 

Close






Need Help?




 
 




TALK TO US
Want to speak to someone? We 're here to answer any questions. Just call! 
Monday ‐ Friday, 9:00 AM ‐ 5:00 PM EST.
 +1 888 850-6208


 
 

 Need Help?


Chat with an expert
We're offline
Would you like to accept a Live Help Center
with one our staff members?


Accept
Decline



 





Your inquiry was submitted and will be responded to as soon as possible. Thank you for contacting us.



TALK TO US


Name*




Email*




Telephone*










* Required Fields
 


Comment*




Submit

 
 
 



 
 
 

















×
Our Videos






Close








Moisture Analyzers - Scientific Industries, Inc.






































You have no items in your shopping cart.






 




		  
		 










JavaScript seems to be disabled in your browser.
                    You must have JavaScript enabled in your browser to utilize the functionality of this website.                






            1.888.850.6208            

   



 0 
 
 
    

My Account






















   











 

Vortex Mixers & Shakers




Vortex Mixers



Large Capacity Vortex Mixers



Microplate Shakers



Orbital Shakers



Cell Disruptors



Centrifuges



Accessories




 

Rotators / Rockers & Incubators




Incubators



Rotators / Rockers



Accessories




 

Magnetic Stirrers




MagStir Genie



MultiMagStir Genie



MegaMag Genie



QuadMag Genie




 

Laboratory Balances



 

Precision Scales




Precision Series



Advanced Series



PRO Series




 

Analytical Balances




Advanced Series



Advanced-Plus Series



PRO Series




 

Moisture Analyzers




Precision



Professional




 

Pharmacy Balances




Precision



Professional



Mechanical




 

Pill Counters




Cloud with Database



Standalone






 

Force Gauges



 

FB THOR Precision 




FB High Resolution



FB High Capacity




 

FC ZEUS Professional 




FC High Resolution



FC High Capacity




 

FS TORQUE Pro




FSA Cap Tester



FSB Jacobs Chuck



FSC Tool Testers





Test Stands


 

Accessories




Attachments and Grips



Load-Cells





Force Gauge Certificates




 

Bioprocessing




CellPhase



CellStation



 
 

Utilities

Contact Us
Find your Distributor
Online Catalog
Support 
Warranty Registration
Replacement Parts
Applications
Literature Downloads & Manuals
Distributor Portal
Trade Shows
FAQs
About Us



Tel.1.888.850.6208





 





            1.888.850.6208            

   



 0 
 
 
    

My Account





Utilities &nbsp


Contact Us
Find your Distributor
Online Catalog
Support 
Warranty Registration
Replacement Parts
Applications
Literature Downloads & Manuals
Distributor Portal
Trade Shows
FAQs
About Us







            1.888.850.6208            

   



 0 
 
 
    

My Account





Cart &nbsp




You have no items in your shopping cart.




 




            1.888.850.6208            

   



 0 
 
 
    

My Account





Search &nbsp



Search Site





Search







 




            1.888.850.6208            

   



 0 
 
 
    

My Account





Contact &nbsp








 


				80 Orville Drive, Suite 102
				
				Bohemia, New York , 11716 
				







 


Phone: (631) 567-4700
					
Toll Free: (888) 850-6208
					
				







 


custsvc@scientificindustries.com







Contact Us












*Name





*Email







*Telephone




*Comment













* Required Fields


Submit






.
	      


 




            1.888.850.6208            

   



 0 
 
 
    

My Account





User &nbsp






Registered Customers

If you have an account with us, please log in.


*Email Address





*Password





* Required Fields






Login
Create an Account


Forgot Your Password?

















Home
—› 


Laboratory Balances
—› 


Moisture Analyzers


 
 
 





Precision view allThe Precision line includes advanced models designed for applications that require high accuracy, as well as basic affordable analyzers designed for simple and less demanding analyses. The die-cast metal base and rugged housing guarantees long operating life.Avilable models (3)  (view all)  




















 





                            BTS110                         



                         	0.1% [110g x 0.01g] Moisture Analyzer - 160C Drying                          



$1,099.00 






DETAILS
Add to compare

 















 





                            ATS60                         



                         	0.01% [60g x 0.001g] Moisture Analyzer - 160C Drying                         



$1,299.00 






DETAILS
Add to compare

 















 





                            ATS120                         



                         	0.01% [120 x 0.001g] Moisture Analyzer - 160C Drying                         



$1,369.00 






DETAILS
Add to compare

 





Professional view allAGS PRO analyzers are built with rugged die-cast metal housing making the unit resistant to heavy usage in challenging environments. Built with Torbal’s electromagnetic force restoration load-cell which offers uncompromising accuracy of 0.01% (0.001g). Avilable models (2)  (view all)  



















 





                            AGS60 250C PRO                         



                         	0.01% [60g x 0.001g] Moisture Analyzer - 250C Drying                         



$1,599.00 






DETAILS
Add to compare

 















 





                            AGS120 250C PRO                         



                         	0.01% [120g x 0.001g] Moisture Analyzer - 250C Drying                         



$1,699.00 






DETAILS
Add to compare

 





 




Categories




Vortex Mixers & Shakers
 


                              
                    Vortex Mixers                                            
                


                              
                    Large Capacity Vortex Mixers                                            
                


                              
                    Microplate Shakers                                            
                


                              
                    Orbital Shakers                                            
                


                              
                    Cell Disruptors                                            
                


                              
                    Centrifuges                                            
                


                              
                    Accessories                                            
                





Rotators / Rockers & Incubators
 


                              
                    Incubators                                            
                


                              
                    Rotators / Rockers                                            
                


                              
                    Accessories                                            
                





Magnetic Stirrers
 


                              
                    MagStir Genie                                            
                


                              
                    MultiMagStir Genie                                            
                


                              
                    MegaMag Genie                                            
                


                              
                    QuadMag Genie                                            
                





Laboratory Balances




                              
                    Precision Scales                                            
                



                              
                    Precision Series                                            
                


 
 

                              
                    Advanced Series                                            
                


 
 

                              
                    PRO Series                                            
                


 
 

 


                              
                    Analytical Balances                                            
                



                              
                    Advanced Series                                            
                


 
 

                              
                    Advanced-Plus Series                                            
                


 
 

                              
                    PRO Series                                            
                


 
 

 


                              
                    Moisture Analyzers                                            
                



                              
                    Precision                                            
                


 
 

                              
                    Professional                                            
                


 
 

 


                              
                    Pharmacy Balances                                            
                



                              
                    Precision                                            
                


 
 

                              
                    Professional                                            
                


 
 

                              
                    Mechanical                                            
                


 
 

 


                              
                    Pill Counters                                            
                



                              
                    Cloud with Database                                            
                


 
 

                              
                    Standalone                                            
                


 
 

 





Force Gauges
 


                              
                    FB THOR Precision                                             
                



                              
                    FB High Resolution                                            
                


 
 

                              
                    FB High Capacity                                            
                


 
 

 


                              
                    FC ZEUS Professional                                             
                



                              
                    FC High Resolution                                            
                


 
 

                              
                    FC High Capacity                                            
                


 
 

 


                              
                    FS TORQUE Pro                                            
                



                              
                    FSA Cap Tester                                            
                


 
 

                              
                    FSB Jacobs Chuck                                            
                


 
 

                              
                    FSC Tool Testers                                            
                


 
 

 


                              
                    Test Stands                                            
                


                              
                    Accessories                                            
                



                              
                    Attachments and Grips                                            
                


 
 

                              
                    Load-Cells                                            
                


 
 

 


                              
                    Force Gauge Certificates                                            
                





Bioprocessing
 


                              
                    CellPhase                                            
                


                              
                    CellStation                                            
                









        Compare Products                    
    

You have no items to compare.To add products click  


 close


 
 

 






×
Coming Soon


 

Close






Need Help?




 
 




TALK TO US
Want to speak to someone? We 're here to answer any questions. Just call! 
Monday ‐ Friday, 9:00 AM ‐ 5:00 PM EST.
 +1 888 850-6208


 
 

 Need Help?


Chat with an expert
We're offline
Would you like to accept a Live Help Center
with one our staff members?


Accept
Decline



 





Your inquiry was submitted and will be responded to as soon as possible. Thank you for contacting us.



TALK TO US


Name*




Email*




Telephone*










* Required Fields
 


Comment*




Submit

 
 
 



 
 
 

















Vortex-Genie MAX - Scientific Industries, Inc.






































You have no items in your shopping cart.






 




		  
		 










JavaScript seems to be disabled in your browser.
                    You must have JavaScript enabled in your browser to utilize the functionality of this website.                






            1.888.850.6208            

   



 0 
 
 
    

My Account






















   











 

Vortex Mixers & Shakers




Vortex Mixers



Large Capacity Vortex Mixers



Microplate Shakers



Orbital Shakers



Cell Disruptors



Centrifuges



Accessories




 

Rotators / Rockers & Incubators




Incubators



Rotators / Rockers



Accessories




 

Magnetic Stirrers




MagStir Genie



MultiMagStir Genie



MegaMag Genie



QuadMag Genie




 

Laboratory Balances



 

Precision Scales




Precision Series



Advanced Series



PRO Series




 

Analytical Balances




Advanced Series



Advanced-Plus Series



PRO Series




 

Moisture Analyzers




Precision



Professional




 

Pharmacy Balances




Precision



Professional



Mechanical




 

Pill Counters




Cloud with Database



Standalone






 

Force Gauges



 

FB THOR Precision 




FB High Resolution



FB High Capacity




 

FC ZEUS Professional 




FC High Resolution



FC High Capacity




 

FS TORQUE Pro




FSA Cap Tester



FSB Jacobs Chuck



FSC Tool Testers





Test Stands


 

Accessories




Attachments and Grips



Load-Cells





Force Gauge Certificates




 

Bioprocessing




CellPhase



CellStation



 
 

Utilities

Contact Us
Find your Distributor
Online Catalog
Support 
Warranty Registration
Replacement Parts
Applications
Literature Downloads & Manuals
Distributor Portal
Trade Shows
FAQs
About Us



Tel.1.888.850.6208





 





            1.888.850.6208            

   



 0 
 
 
    

My Account





Utilities &nbsp


Contact Us
Find your Distributor
Online Catalog
Support 
Warranty Registration
Replacement Parts
Applications
Literature Downloads & Manuals
Distributor Portal
Trade Shows
FAQs
About Us







            1.888.850.6208            

   



 0 
 
 
    

My Account





Cart &nbsp




You have no items in your shopping cart.




 




            1.888.850.6208            

   



 0 
 
 
    

My Account





Search &nbsp



Search Site





Search







 




            1.888.850.6208            

   



 0 
 
 
    

My Account





Contact &nbsp








 


				80 Orville Drive, Suite 102
				
				Bohemia, New York , 11716 
				







 


Phone: (631) 567-4700
					
Toll Free: (888) 850-6208
					
				







 


custsvc@scientificindustries.com







Contact Us












*Name





*Email







*Telephone




*Comment













* Required Fields


Submit






.
	      


 




            1.888.850.6208            

   



 0 
 
 
    

My Account





User &nbsp






Registered Customers

If you have an account with us, please log in.


*Email Address





*Password





* Required Fields






Login
Create an Account


Forgot Your Password?





















Home
—› 


Vortex-Genie MAX


 
 
 







 In stock










 
 







This Product is Proudly Manufactured in the United States












 

Vortex-Genie MAX
 

SKU: SI-MX200


Quick Overview
Heavy duty high velocity vortex mixing. Fully programmable for speed and time, up to 2000 RPM . Durable and heavy zinc die casting with specially designed feet prevents "walking." Holds six 250ml flasks (no additional holder necessary ), tube racks can hold up to 20 tubes, and two 2-MicroPlate inserts holding up to 4 microplates.







*Voltage & plug configuration


SI-MX200 120V, 60Hz - U.S Standard SI-MX201 230V, 50Hz - No Plug SI-MX202 230V, 50Hz - Euro Plug SI-MX203 230V, 50Hz - British Plug SI-MX204 230V, 50Hz - Swiss Plug SI-MX206 230V, 50Hz - Australian Plug SI-MX205 100V, 50/60Hz  



* Required Fields



Quantity:

 

 
Add To Compare
 
 



$2,536.74 





Add to Cart
 
 
 
 
Also available through preferred distributors and partners:













































 







 



 






Product Functions
Product Download
Specifications
Accessories






Features and Functions




Digital Speed Control
Provides accuracy, reproducibility, and repeatability with complete control of speed and time.


Durability
Heavy zinc die casting with specially designed feet prevents “walking”. 


Use With Open Containers
 Programmable gentle ramp up to speed allows the use of open containers. 

 
High Speed Vortexing
True high capacity vortex mixing up to 2000 RPM.


Unique Ratcheting Clamps System
Unique ratcheting clamping system will securely hold flasks, bottles, tubes and microplates. Ideal for repetitive protocols and use with open containers. 


Three Modes
Choose from "NORMAL", "REVERSE", and "PULSE".











 


MANUAL
 

 


LITERATURE
 




APPLICATIONS





REPLACEMENT PARTS









×
Manual


Vortex-Genie Max Manual 

Close









×
Literarure



Vortex Genie Max Literature 


Close









×
Applications Print




Print
Close









×
Replacement parts








Close







Specifications





Speed (RPM)
500 - 2000RPM (up to 1950RPM for 50Hz models)


Timer
Hands Free	1 min - 99 hours or continuous


Pulse - ON/OFF
0.1 seconds - 99 minutes


 Product Weight
10.4 Kgs (23 lbs)


Dimensions (base)
310 x 270 x 195mm  (12.2 x 10.6 x 7.7in)







 

Accessoriess List

 
 












                                Max Tube Rack (for 10 tubes)                        




$124.44 


Add to Cart













                                Max Tube Rack (set of 2 for 20 tubes)                        




$244.80 


Add to Cart













                                MicroPlate Foam Insert for 2 Plates                        




$76.50 


Add to Cart













                                MicroPlate Foam Insert for 2 Plates (set of 2)                        




$122.40 


Add to Cart















 
 
 
 




 






×
Coming Soon


 

Close






Need Help?




 
 




TALK TO US
Want to speak to someone? We 're here to answer any questions. Just call! 
Monday ‐ Friday, 9:00 AM ‐ 5:00 PM EST.
 +1 888 850-6208


 
 

 Need Help?


Chat with an expert
We're offline
Would you like to accept a Live Help Center
with one our staff members?


Accept
Decline



 





Your inquiry was submitted and will be responded to as soon as possible. Thank you for contacting us.



TALK TO US


Name*




Email*




Telephone*










* Required Fields
 


Comment*




Submit

 
 
 



 
 
 













