


403 - Forbidden: Access is denied.



Server Error


403 - Forbidden: Access is denied.
You do not have permission to view this directory or page using the credentials that you supplied.







403 - Forbidden: Access is denied.



Server Error


403 - Forbidden: Access is denied.
You do not have permission to view this directory or page using the credentials that you supplied.






Scopus Partners LP: CEO and Executives - Bloomberg








































  





















































































July 23, 2017 2:42 AM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of Scopus Partners LP



SnapshotPeople 




OverviewBoard MembersCommittees



Key Executives for Scopus Partners LP
NameBoard RelationshipsTitleAgeAlexander   Mitchell  No RelationshipsManaging Member and Portfolio Manager--
Scopus Partners LP Board Members*
NameBoard RelationshipsPrimary CompanyAgeThere is no Board Members data available.
Scopus Partners LP Executive Committees*
Committee NameChairpersonBoard RelationshipsMembersThere is no committee data available.
*Data is at least as current as the most recent Definitive Proxy.
Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



CEO COMPENSATION IN THIS INDUSTRY  Industry Range










INDUSTRY EXECUTIVE CHANGESThere is no Executive Change data available.Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Scopus Partners LP, please visit .  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close





































































SCOPUS PARTNERS, L.P. Top Holdings  

































WhaleWisdom









Search All
Search 13F Filers Only
Search SEC Filer
Search Stocks Only
Search Mgmt Inv. Cos Only
ETFs Only
Search Active




















                      SCOPUS PARTNERS, L.P.
                    

•   NEW YORK, NY
                          • Hedge Fund
                      
How do I update this listing?




                                             Scopus Partners is based out of New York.    The firm last filed a Form D notice of exempt offering of securities on 2016-12-02. The filing was for a pooled investment fund:  hedge fund The notice  included securities offered of Pooled Investment Fund Interests,Other
                                           














Summary
13D/G
Insider (Form 4)
Form D 6



   Create Email Alert
 




×
Email Notification.







                   ***Log In or
                   Sign-up
                   to see more advanced email alert options such as selecting any type of
                   SEC form, multiple filers or classes of filers, and much more.***
                 

                    ...or to simply have an email sent to you whenever we receive a new
                           13F filing from SCOPUS PARTNERS, L.P., enter your
                    email address below and choose 'Submit'.
                

Your email:








Cancel














Contact Info




scopus partners, l.p.


717 FIFTH AVENUE, 21ST FLOOR

NEW YORK
NY
                                                        
                                                    10022


                                                      Business Phone:
                                                      212-251-3270







Recent SEC Filings




D/A filed on 12/02/2016
4 filed on 08/10/2016
4 filed on 08/08/2016
4 filed on 01/07/2016
4 filed on 12/21/2015
4 filed on 12/16/2015
D/A filed on 12/02/2015
4 filed on 11/05/2015
4 filed on 10/30/2015
D/A filed on 12/02/2014
















Schedule 13D and 13G events since 03/31/2017

Subscription required



 
Form 4 - Non-derivative Insider Transactions Since 03/31/2017
Loading...



Form D Filings

  Form D is a form to be used to file a notice of an exempt offering of securities with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
  Form D contains basic information about the offering and the company.


Form D Filings


Filing Date
Form Type
Industry Group
Securities Offered
Total Offering Amount
Total Amount Sold
Total Remaining




2016-12-02
D/A
POOLED INVESTMENT FUND:  HEDGE FUND

      Pooled Investment Fund Interests,Other
    
INDEFINITE
615,433,856
INDEFINITE


2015-12-02
D/A
POOLED INVESTMENT FUND:  HEDGE FUND

      Pooled Investment Fund Interests,Other
    
INDEFINITE
582,197,589
INDEFINITE


2014-12-02
D/A
POOLED INVESTMENT FUND:  HEDGE FUND

      Pooled Investment Fund Interests,Other
    
INDEFINITE
568,997,589
INDEFINITE


2013-05-17
D/A
POOLED INVESTMENT FUND:  HEDGE FUND

      Pooled Investment Fund Interests,Other
    
INDEFINITE
561,186,183
INDEFINITE


2012-05-07
D/A
POOLED INVESTMENT FUND:  HEDGE FUND

      Pooled Investment Fund Interests,Other
    
INDEFINITE
556,211,183
INDEFINITE


2011-05-04
D/A
POOLED INVESTMENT FUND:  HEDGE FUND

      Pooled Investment Fund Interests,Other
    
INDEFINITE
527,594,617
INDEFINITE




Other Issuers in Filings


Name
Address





  No Other Issuers
  




Related Parties included in filings


Name
Address
Relationship




ALEXANDER   MITCHELL

          subscription required
    


          EXECUTIVE OFFICER
      



DANIEL   AHARON

          subscription required
    


          EXECUTIVE OFFICER
      



DANIEL   FRIED

          subscription required
    


          EXECUTIVE OFFICER
      



JONATHAN   D'ORSI

          subscription required
    


          EXECUTIVE OFFICER
          PROMOTER
      



N/A   SCOPUS ADVISORS, LLC

          subscription required
    


          EXECUTIVE OFFICER
      



N/A   SCOPUS ASSET MANAGEMENT, L.P.

          subscription required
    


          PROMOTER
      











Elevate your investments
Try it for free




























 


























Scopus Asset Management L.P. Lowers Stake in Air Products and Chemicals, Inc. (NYSE:APD) - Watch List News



















































Home
About
Staff
Privacy Policy
Contact
























Headlines
Business
US News
Health
World
Investing
Technology




















Air Products and Chemicals Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily

		Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Air Products and Chemicals Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter:



 






Follow Watchlist News

 











Latest News



At Home Group Inc (NASDAQ:HOME) Downgraded to Sell at Zacks Investment Research					

Zacks Investment Research Upgrades KCAP Financial, Inc. (KCAP) to Hold					

HTG Molecular Diagnostics, Inc. (NASDAQ:HTGM) Upgraded to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research					

Kingfisher plc (KGFHY) Rating Lowered to Sell at Zacks Investment Research					

Lion Biotechnologies, Inc. (NASDAQ:IOVA) Upgraded to “Buy” at Zacks Investment Research					

Jc Decaux Sa (NASDAQ:JCDXF) Rating Lowered to Sell at Zacks Investment Research					

Hess Midstream Partners LP (NASDAQ:HESM) Upgraded to Buy by Zacks Investment Research					

Harmonic Inc. (NASDAQ:HLIT) Lowered to Strong Sell at Zacks Investment Research					

GoPro, Inc. (GPRO) Upgraded by Vetr Inc. to Strong-Buy					

Alphabet Inc. (GOOGL) Stock Rating Lowered by Vetr Inc.					

Zacks Investment Research Upgrades Harvest Capital Credit Corporation (NASDAQ:HCAP) to Hold					

GlycoMimetics, Inc. (GLYC) Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research					

Zacks Investment Research Lowers Galectin Therapeutics Inc. (NASDAQ:GALT) to Hold					

NIC Inc. (EGOV) Upgraded to Buy by Zacks Investment Research					

8×8 Inc (EGHT) Raised to Buy at Zacks Investment Research					

DASAN Zhone Solutions, Inc. (DZSI) Cut to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research					

Dicerna Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (DRNA) Rating Lowered to Sell at Zacks Investment Research					

Zacks Investment Research Downgrades IDI, Inc. (NASDAQ:COGT) to Sell					

Differential Brands Group Inc. (DFBG) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Hold”					

lululemon athletica inc. (NASDAQ:LULU) Receives New Coverage from Analysts at Needham & Company LLC					



Archives

July 2017
June 2017
May 2017
April 2017
March 2017
February 2017
January 2017
December 2016
November 2016
October 2016
September 2016
August 2016
July 2016
June 2016
May 2016
March 2016
November 2015
October 2015
September 2015
August 2015
July 2015
June 2015
May 2015
April 2015
March 2015
February 2015
January 2015
December 2014
November 2014
October 2014
September 2014
August 2014
July 2014
June 2014
May 2014
April 2014
March 2014
February 2014
January 2014




 




						Scopus Asset Management L.P. Lowers Stake in Air Products and Chemicals, Inc. (NYSE:APD)					

						 July 16th, 2017  - 0 comments - Filed Under -
 by Kyle Jackson 


							Filed Under: Investing - SEC Filing Articles 






Tweet










Scopus Asset Management L.P. lowered its stake in  Air Products and Chemicals, Inc. (NYSE:APD) by 50.0% during the first quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The institutional investor  owned 25,000 shares of the basic materials company’s stock after selling 25,000 shares during the period. Scopus Asset Management L.P.’s holdings in Air Products and Chemicals were worth $3,382,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. 
Other institutional investors also recently bought and sold shares of the company. iAB Financial Bank bought a new position in  Air Products and Chemicals during the first quarter valued at about $100,000.  State of Alaska Department of Revenue acquired a new position in  Air Products and Chemicals during the first quarter valued at $109,000.  Guardian Life Insurance Co. of America boosted its position in  Air Products and Chemicals by 0.7% in the first quarter. Guardian Life Insurance Co. of America now owns 838 shares of the basic materials company’s stock valued at $113,000 after buying an additional 6 shares during the period.  Webster Bank N. A. boosted its position in  Air Products and Chemicals by 68.2% in the first quarter. Webster Bank N. A. now owns 851 shares of the basic materials company’s stock valued at $115,000 after buying an additional 345 shares during the period.  Finally, Mosaic Family Wealth LLC boosted its position in  Air Products and Chemicals by 3.7% in the first quarter. Mosaic Family Wealth LLC now owns 1,000 shares of the basic materials company’s stock valued at $135,000 after buying an additional 36 shares during the period. Institutional investors own  89.12% of the company’s stock. 
Air Products and Chemicals, Inc. (NYSE APD) opened at 145.57 on Friday. Air Products and Chemicals, Inc. has a 52-week low of $127.02 and a 52-week high of $150.45. The company has a market capitalization of $31.69 billion, a P/E ratio of 10.07 and a beta of 1.26. The firm has a 50-day moving average price of $144.33 and a 200 day moving average price of $142.11. 




Air Products and Chemicals (NYSE:APD) last issued its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, April 27th. The basic materials company reported $1.43 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $1.38 by $0.05. Air Products and Chemicals had a return on equity of 19.26% and a net margin of 36.19%. The firm had revenue of $1.98 billion during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $1.84 billion. During the same quarter in the previous year, the company posted $1.82 earnings per share. The company’s revenue was up 11.4% compared to the same quarter last year.  On average, analysts predict that  Air Products and Chemicals, Inc. will post $6.15 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. 
The company also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Monday, August 14th. Shareholders of record on Monday, July 3rd will be paid a dividend of $0.95 per share. This represents a $3.80 annualized dividend and a yield of 2.61%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Thursday, June 29th. Air Products and Chemicals’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is currently 26.28%. 
TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: “Scopus Asset Management L.P. Lowers Stake in Air Products and Chemicals, Inc. (NYSE:APD)” was  posted by Watch List News and is the property of of Watch List News. If you are reading this report on another site, it was stolen and republished in violation of international trademark and copyright legislation. The legal version of this report can be read at https://www.watchlistnews.com/scopus-asset-management-l-p-lowers-stake-in-air-products-and-chemicals-inc-nyseapd/1441559.html. 
Several research firms have commented on APD. Deutsche Bank AG upgraded Air Products and Chemicals from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and boosted their target price for the company from $148.00 to $160.00 in a research note on Monday, May 1st. Zacks Investment Research upgraded Air Products and Chemicals from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $152.00 target price on the stock in a research note on Tuesday, April 18th. Jefferies Group LLC  restated a “hold” rating and issued a $155.00 target price on shares of Air Products and Chemicals in a research note on Tuesday, May 2nd. Finally, BidaskClub cut Air Products and Chemicals from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a research note on Friday, June 23rd. Two analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, five have issued  a hold rating and seven have assigned  a buy rating to the stock. The stock  has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $152.85.
Air Products and Chemicals Company Profile
Air Products and Chemicals, Inc, is an industrial gases company. The Company’s Industrial Gases business provides atmospheric and process gases and related equipment to manufacturing markets, including refining and petrochemical, metals, electronics, and food and beverage. The Company is also a supplier of liquefied natural gas process technology and equipment.
Want to see what other hedge funds are holding APD? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Air Products and Chemicals, Inc. (NYSE:APD).



Receive News & Ratings for Air Products and Chemicals Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Air Products and Chemicals Inc. and related companies with Analyst Ratings Network's FREE daily email newsletter.



 










Kyle Jackson 























 Comment on this Post

Click here to cancel reply.



Name (required)

Mail (will not be published) (required)

Website






Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be placed in moderation!




Latest News




Sirius XM Making Big Investment In Pandora





Tax Reform Not Going Quite As Planned





Western Digital Files Lawsuit To Halt Toshiba Chip Business Sale





Sinclair Broadcast Group Announces Deal For Tribune Media





Starbucks Has A Hit With Its Unicorn Frappuccino











			© Watch List News, LLC 2008-2017. All rights reserved. 


Privacy Policy |
			About | Staff 
			| Contact 



























































































 Elsevier’s Scopus Partners with CWTS and SCImago to Offer Multidimensional Evaluation of Research Journals  














Skip to content














Menu







Cart
0




 View Cart
 Register/Login
 Account
 Help and Contact
 Logout








Search







 




Search



Search in:



All



Webpages



Books



Journals





 






Home
About
Press releases
Science & technology






 
Elsevier’s Scopus Partners with CWTS and SCImago to Offer Multidimensional Evaluation of Research Journals
Metrics to be Powered by Scopus and Freely Available Online


Share this:  














 
Amsterdam, 26 January 2010 – Elsevier, a world-leading publisher of scientific, technical and medical information products and services, today announced that its flagship product Scopus has successfully partnered with the Centre for Science and Technology Studies (CWTS) and the SCImago Research Group, endorsing two complementary journal metrics, SNIP and SJR. The metrics will be freely available online at www.journalmetrics.com, and integrated into Scopus, allowing researchers around the world to analyze journals within the abstract and citation database. The indicators will offer a greater currency and flexibility in journal performance measurement than any single-metric method currently available.
SNIP, which stands for Source Normalized Impact per Paper, measures a journal's contextual citation impact and was developed by CWTS. It allows direct comparison of journals in different subject fields, by accounting for the frequency at which authors cite other papers, the speed of maturation of citation impact, and the extent to which the database covers the field's literature.
SJR stands for SCImago Journal Rank, and was developed by the SCImago Research Group. It is a measure of the scientific prestige of scholarly sources: value of weighted citations per document. A journal transfers its own 'prestige', or status, to another through the act of citing it. In effect, this means that a citation from a source with a relatively high SJR is worth more than a citation from a source with a lower SJR.
Putting SNIP and SJR side by side and applying them to the breadth and depth of the Scopus database, which covers the greatest number of journal titles including local language titles from developed and emerging countries, the new offering represents the most inclusive bibliometric analytics available for journals. Their integration helps to meet the evolving needs of the scientific community by providing current, flexible, transparent data to empower users to build their own tailored journal ranking systems.
“For many years, the scientific community has called for more accurate metrics that move beyond standard journal classification,” said Niels Weertman, Director Scopus, Performance & Planning and Collaboration Tools for Elsevier. “We are pleased to have the opportunity to partner with CWTS and SCImago to power the next level of bibliometric analysis. Bringing a more nuanced approach, we hope to enhance research performance measurement.”
“It’s long been understood that no single journal metric can realistically address the needs of the research community,” added Professor Henk F. Moed, currently a senior staff member with CWTS in the Department of Social Sciences at Leiden University who will be joining Elsevier as a senior scientific advisor next month. “Our challenge was to develop a more flexible system. Matching the strengths and weaknesses of one metric to another complementary metric, we were able to fill many of the existing analytical gaps. We hope to further expand the number of metrics working alongside each other in the future.”
“By aligning our SJR indicator with SNIP and leveraging the coverage breadth and depth of Scopus, we are confident that the outcome is the most complete bibliometric analysis available today,” stated Professor Félix de Moya Anegón of the Centre for Human and Social Sciences (CCHS) of the Spanish National Research Council (CSIC) in Madrid and director of SCImago. “We’re also excited by the new opportunity this creates for community-generated ranking systems that more closely meet market needs and draw a more accurate picture of research output.”
The journal metrics will be updated twice annually and made available to Scopus subscribers at   http://www.scopus.com and to non-Scopus users at www.journalmetrics.com free of charge. Additional information on the SJR and SNIP indicators is available through the following recent publications:

“Measuring contextual citation impact of scientific journals”, Henk Moed, Creator of SNIP
“The SJR indicator: A new indicator of journals' scientific prestige”, BorjaGonzalez-Pereira, Vicente Guerrero-Bote, Felix Moya-Anegon

# # #
About Centre for Science and Technology Studies (CWTS)CWTS is a research institute at Leiden University specializing in the measurement of research and technological performance, mapping of science and the study of the science-technology interface. CWTS BV is a knowledge company dedicated to bibliometric and related information products primarily developed at the CWTS institute.
The CWTS institute and CWTS BV together form a symbiotic organisation in which each part benefits from the achievements of the other. The knowledge base is built primarily in the institute, while products usually find their way through CWTS BV.
About SCImago Research GroupSCImago is a research group dedicated to information analysis, representation and retrieval by means of visualisation techniques.
About Scopus.comCovering the world’s research literature, Scopus.com is the largest abstract and citation database of peer-reviewed literature and quality web sources with smart tools to track, analyze and visualize research. Its unique database contains abstracts and references from 18,000 titles from more than 5,000 publishers worldwide, ensuring broad interdisciplinary coverage. In addition, Scopus not only offers users citation information about the articles covered, but also integrates web and patent searches directly from its clean and simple interface. Direct links to full-text articles, library resources and other applications like reference management software, make Scopus quicker, easier and more comprehensive to use than any other literature research tool. For more information about Scopus please visit   http://www.info.scopus.com



About Elsevier
Elsevier is a global information analytics company that helps institutions and professionals progress science, advance healthcare and improve performance for the benefit of humanity. Elsevier provides digital solutions and tools in the areas of strategic research management, R&D performance, clinical decision support, and professional education; including ScienceDirect, Scopus, ClinicalKey and Sherpath. Elsevier publishes over 2,500 digitized journals, including The Lancet and Cell, more than 35,000 e-book titles and many iconic reference works, including Gray's Anatomy. Elsevier is part of RELX Group, a global provider of information and analytics for professionals and business customers across industries.  www.elsevier.com


Media Contact:Deanna Decker
PSB PR
+1 212 752 8338
ddecker@psbpr.com

























Close






 









Elsevier.com visitor survey
We are always looking for ways to improve customer experience on Elsevier.com. 
We would like to ask you for a moment of your time to fill in a short questionnaire, at the end of your visit. 
 
If you decide to participate, a new browser tab will open so you can complete the survey after you have completed your visit to this website. Thanks in advance for your time.
Accept Decline












 


