







Scott® Toilet Paper, Flushable Wipes, & Paper Towel Products



































SIGN IN/
REGISTER 


USA . English

USA . English
USA . Español



BUY ONLINE


 Enter Text
 SEARCH
 





















BUY ONLINE

COUPONS


                                OUR PRODUCTS
                                










TOILET PAPER




                                                                                            Scott® Extra Soft
                                                                                        




                                                                                            Scott® Tube-Free
                                                                                        




                                                                                            Scott® 1000
                                                                                        




                                                                                            Scott® Rapid-Dissolving
                                                                                        


TOILET PAPER




WIPES




                                                                                            Scott® Flushable Cleansing Cloths
                                                                                        


WIPES




PAPER TOWELS




                                                                                            Scott® Towels
                                                                                        


PAPER TOWELS




DO IT YOURSELF




                                                                                                Scott® Shop Towels
                                                                                            




                                                                                                Scott® Rags
                                                                                            


DO IT YOURSELF








                                FEATURED
                                













                                                                Scott® 1000 Sweepstakes
                                                            




                                                                Scott® Towels Sweepstakes
                                                            




                                                                Tube-Free TP Quiz
                                                            










                                            ABOUT US
                                            













                                                                            Our Story
                                                                        




                                                                            Sustainability
                                                                        









SIGN IN/
REGISTER

language

USA . English
USA . Español

























 


SEARCH



SEARCH








OUR PRODUCTSMEET THE SCOTT® FAMILY
With a highly rated Scott® product for every part of your home, and more than one way to get them there, we’ve got your family covered.








IN YOUR BATHROOM
TOILET
PAPER




SOFT, THICK SHEETS FOR YOUR COMFORT
 
 Scott® Extra Soft





BUY NOW


CUSHIONY SOFT. NO TUBE TO TOSS
 
 Scott® Tube-Free





BUY NOW


1000 SEPTIC-SAFE SHEETS THAT JUST KEEP ON GOING
 
 Scott® 1000





BUY NOW


PERFECT FOR YOUR RV, BOAT OR SEPTIC TANK
 
 Scott® Rapid-Dissolving





BUY NOW










IN YOUR BATHROOM
FLUSHABLE CLEANSING
CLOTHS




FOR THAT FRESH AND CLEAN FEELING
 
 Scott® Flushable Cleansing Cloths





BUY NOW










IN YOUR KITCHEN

PAPER TOWELS




UNIQUE RIDGES FOR A COMPLETE CLEAN
 
 Scott® Paper Towels





BUY NOW












IN YOUR WORKSHOP
DO IT YOURSELF





SOFT. ABSORBENT. AND WORKSHOP-STRONG
 
 Scott® Shop Towels





BUY NOW


BUILT FOR HOME IMPROVEMENT PROJECTS
 
 Scott® Rags





BUY NOW













LOOKING TO SAVE ON SCOTT® PRODUCTS? CHECK OUT THE
COUPONS FROM THE
SCOTT® BRAND.


SAVE NOW
















Walter Scott - Wikipedia






















 






Walter Scott

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

For other people named Walter Scott, see Walter Scott (disambiguation).





This article's lead section may not adequately summarize key points of its contents. Please consider expanding the lead to provide an accessible overview of all important aspects of the article. Please discuss this issue on the article's talk page. (February 2017)




Sir Walter Scott, Bt



Raeburn's portrait of Sir Walter Scott in 1822



Born
15 August 1771
College Wynd, Edinburgh
Scotland


Died
21 September 1832(1832-09-21) (aged 61)
Abbotsford, Roxburghshire
Scotland


Occupation



Historical novelist
Poet



Advocate



Sheriff-Depute
Clerk of Session





Nationality
British


Alma mater
University of Edinburgh


Period
19th century


Literary movement
Romanticism


Spouse
Charlotte Carpenter (Charpentier)






Signature



Sir Walter Scott, 1st Baronet, FRSE (15 August 1771 – 21 September 1832) was a Scottish historical novelist, playwright and poet. Many of his works remain classics of both English-language literature and of Scottish literature. Famous titles include Ivanhoe, Rob Roy, Old Mortality, The Lady of the Lake, Waverley, The Heart of Midlothian and The Bride of Lammermoor.
Although primarily remembered for his extensive literary works and his political engagement, Scott was an advocate, judge and legal administrator by profession, and throughout his career combined his writing and editing work with his daily occupation as Clerk of Session and Sheriff-Depute of Selkirkshire.
A prominent member of the Tory establishment in Edinburgh, Scott was an active member of the Highland Society and served a long term as President of the Royal Society of Edinburgh (1820–32).



Contents


1 Life and works

1.1 Early days
1.2 Meeting with Blacklock and Burns
1.3 Start of literary career, marriage and family
1.4 Poetry
1.5 Novelism
1.6 Recovery of the Crown Jewels, baronetcy and ceremonial pageantry
1.7 Financial problems and death


2 Personal life
3 Abbotsford
4 Legacy

4.1 Later assessment
4.2 Memorials and commemoration
4.3 Literature by other authors


5 Bibliography

5.1 Novels
5.2 Poetry
5.3 Short stories
5.4 Plays
5.5 Non-fiction


6 See also
7 References
8 Further reading
9 External links



Life and works[edit]
Early days[edit]




Scott's childhood at Sandyknowes, in the shadow of Smailholm Tower, introduced him to the tales and folklore of the Scottish Borders.


The son of a Writer to the Signet (solicitor),[1] Scott was born in 1771 in his Presbyterian family's third-floor flat on College Wynd in the Old Town of Edinburgh, a narrow alleyway leading from the Cowgate to the gates of the University of Edinburgh (Old College).[2] He survived a childhood bout of polio in 1773 that left him lame,[3] a condition that was to have a significant effect on his life and writing.[4] To cure his lameness he was sent in 1773 to live in the rural Scottish Borders at his paternal grandparents' farm at Sandyknowe, adjacent to the ruin of Smailholm Tower, the earlier family home.[5] Here he was taught to read by his aunt Jenny, and learned from her the speech patterns and many of the tales and legends that characterised much of his work. In January 1775 he returned to Edinburgh, and that summer went with his aunt Jenny to take spa treatment at Bath in England, where they lived at 6 South Parade.[6] In the winter of 1776 he went back to Sandyknowe, with another attempt at a water cure at Prestonpans during the following summer.[5]




The Scotts' family home in George Square, Edinburgh


In 1778, Scott returned to Edinburgh for private education to prepare him for school, and joined his family in their new house built as one of the first in George Square.[2] In October 1779 he began at the Royal High School of Edinburgh (in High School Yards). He was now well able to walk and explore the city and the surrounding countryside. His reading included chivalric romances, poems, history and travel books. He was given private tuition by James Mitchell in arithmetic and writing, and learned from him the history of the Church of Scotland with emphasis on the Covenanters. After finishing school he was sent to stay for six months with his aunt Jenny in Kelso, attending the local grammar school where he met James and John Ballantyne, who later became his business partners and printed his books.[7]
Meeting with Blacklock and Burns[edit]
Scott began studying classics at the University of Edinburgh in November 1783, at the age of 12, a year or so younger than most of his fellow students. In March 1786 he began an apprenticeship in his father's office to become a Writer to the Signet. While at the university Scott had become a friend of Adam Ferguson, the son of Professor Adam Ferguson who hosted literary salons. Scott met the blind poet Thomas Blacklock, who lent him books and introduced him to James Macpherson's Ossian cycle of poems. During the winter of 1786–87 the 15-year-old Scott saw Robert Burns at one of these salons, for what was to be their only meeting. When Burns noticed a print illustrating the poem "The Justice of the Peace" and asked who had written the poem, only Scott knew that it was by John Langhorne, and was thanked by Burns.[8] When it was decided that he would become a lawyer, he returned to the university to study law, first taking classes in Moral Philosophy and Universal History in 1789–90.[7]
After completing his studies in law, he became a lawyer in Edinburgh. As a lawyer's clerk he made his first visit to the Scottish Highlands directing an eviction. He was admitted to the Faculty of Advocates in 1792. He had an unsuccessful love suit with Williamina Belsches of Fettercairn, who married Scott's friend Sir William Forbes, 7th Baronet.
Start of literary career, marriage and family[edit]




A copy of Scott's Minstrelsy in the National Museum of Scotland


As a boy, youth and young man, Scott was fascinated by the oral traditions of the Scottish Borders. He was an obsessive collector of stories, and developed an innovative method of recording what he heard at the feet of local story-tellers using carvings on twigs, to avoid the disapproval of those who believed that such stories were neither for writing down nor for printing.[9] At the age of 25 he began to write professionally, translating works from German,[10] his first publication being rhymed versions of ballads by Gottfried August Bürger in 1796. He then published an idiosyncratic three-volume set of collected ballads of his adopted home region, The Minstrelsy of the Scottish Border. This was the first sign from a literary standpoint of his interest in Scottish history.
As a result of his early polio infection, Scott had a pronounced limp. He was described in 1820 as tall, well formed (except for one ankle and foot which made him walk lamely), neither fat nor thin, with forehead very high, nose short, upper lip long and face rather fleshy, complexion fresh and clear, eyes very blue, shrewd and penetrating, with hair now silvery white.[11] Although a determined walker, on horseback he experienced greater freedom of movement. Unable to consider a military career, Scott enlisted as a volunteer in the 1st Lothian and Border yeomanry.[12]
On a trip to the Lake District with old college friends he met Charlotte Genevieve Charpentier (or Carpenter), daughter of Jean Charpentier of Lyon in France, and ward of Lord Downshire in Cumberland, an Episcopalian. After three weeks of courtship, Scott proposed and they were married on Christmas Eve 1797 in St Mary's Church, Carlisle (a church set up in the now destroyed nave of Carlisle Cathedral).[13][14] After renting a house in George Street, they moved to nearby South Castle Street. They had five children, of whom four survived by the time of Scott's death, most baptized by an Episcopalian clergyman. In 1799 he was appointed Sheriff-Depute of the County of Selkirk, based in the Royal Burgh of Selkirk. In his early married days Scott had a decent living from his earnings at the law, his salary as Sheriff-Depute, his wife's income, some revenue from his writing, and his share of his father's rather meagre estate.
After their third son was born in 1801, they moved to a spacious three-storey house built for Scott at 39 North Castle Street. This remained Scott's base in Edinburgh until 1826, when he could no longer afford two homes. From 1798 Scott had spent the summers in a cottage at Lasswade, where he entertained guests including literary figures, and it was there that his career as an author began. There were nominal residency requirements for his position of Sheriff-Depute, and at first he stayed at a local inn during the circuit. In 1804 he ended his use of the Lasswade cottage and leased the substantial house of Ashestiel, 6 miles (9.7 km) from Selkirk. It was sited on the south bank of the River Tweed, and the building incorporated an old tower house.[2]
Scott's father, also Walter (1729–1799), was a Freemason, being a member of Lodge St David, No.36 (Edinburgh), and Scott also became a Freemason in his father's Lodge in 1801, albeit only after the death of his father.[15]
Poetry[edit]




Sir Walter Scott, novelist and poet - painted by Sir William Allan


In 1796, Scott's friend James Ballantyne[16] founded a printing press in Kelso, in the Scottish Borders. Through Ballantyne, Scott was able to publish his first works, including "Glenfinlas" and "The Eve of St. John", and his poetry then began to bring him to public attention. In 1805, The Lay of the Last Minstrel captured wide public imagination, and his career as a writer was established in spectacular fashion.
He published many other poems over the next ten years, including the popular The Lady of the Lake, printed in 1810 and set in the Trossachs. Portions of the German translation of this work were set to music by Franz Schubert. One of these songs, "Ellens dritter Gesang", is popularly labelled as "Schubert's Ave Maria".
Beethoven's opus 108 "Twenty-Five Scottish Songs" includes 3 folk songs whose words are by Walter Scott.
Marmion, published in 1808, produced lines that have become proverbial. Canto VI. Stanza 17 reads:


Yet Clare's sharp questions must I shun
Must separate Constance from the nun
Oh! what a tangled web we weave
When first we practise to deceive!
A Palmer too! No wonder why
I felt rebuked beneath his eye.[17]


In 1809 Scott persuaded James Ballantyne and his brother to move to Edinburgh and to establish their printing press there. He became a partner in their business. As a political conservative,[18] Scott helped to found the Tory Quarterly Review, a review journal to which he made several anonymous contributions. Scott was also a contributor to the Edinburgh Review, which espoused Whig views.
Scott was ordained as an elder in the Presbyterian Church of Duddington and sat in the General Assembly for a time as representative elder of the burgh of Selkirk.
When the lease of Ashestiel expired in 1811 Scott bought Cartley Hole Farm, on the south bank of the River Tweed nearer Melrose. The farm had the nickname of "Clarty Hole", and when Scott built a family cottage there in 1812 he named it "Abbotsford". He continued to expand the estate, and built Abbotsford House in a series of extensions.[2]
In 1813 Scott was offered the position of Poet Laureate. He declined, due to concerns that "such an appointment would be a poisoned chalice", as the Laureateship had fallen into disrepute, due to the decline in quality of work suffered by previous title holders, ", as a succession of poetasters had churned out conventional and obsequious odes on royal occasions."[19] He sought advice from the Duke of Buccleuch, who counseled him to retain his literary independence, and the position went to Scott's friend, Robert Southey.[20]
Novelism[edit]




A Legend of Montrose, illustration from the 1872 edition


Although Scott had attained worldwide celebrity through his poetry, he soon tried his hand at documenting his researches into the oral tradition of the Scottish Borders in prose fiction—stories and novels—at the time still considered aesthetically inferior to poetry (above all to such classical genres as the epic or poetic tragedy) as a mimetic vehicle for portraying historical events. In an innovative and astute action, he wrote and published his first novel, Waverley, anonymously in 1814. It was a tale of the Jacobite rising of 1745. Its English protagonist, Edward Waverley, like Don Quixote a great reader of romances, has been brought up by his Tory uncle, who is sympathetic to Jacobitism, although Edward's own father is a Whig. The youthful Waverley obtains a commission in the Whig army and is posted in Dundee. On leave, he meets his uncle's friend, the Jacobite Baron Bradwardine and is attracted to the Baron's daughter Rose. On a visit to the Highlands, Edward overstays his leave and is arrested and charged with desertion but is rescued by the Highland chieftain Fergus MacIvor and his mesmerizing sister Flora, whose devotion to the Stuart cause, "as it exceeded her brother's in fanaticism, excelled it also in purity". Through Flora, Waverley meets Bonnie Prince Charlie, and under her influence goes over to the Jacobite side and takes part in the Battle of Prestonpans. He escapes retribution, however, after saving the life of a Whig colonel during the battle. Waverley (whose surname reflects his divided loyalties) eventually decides to lead a peaceful life of establishment respectability under the House of Hanover rather than live as a proscribed rebel. He chooses to marry the beautiful Rose Bradwardine, rather than cast his lot with the sublime Flora MacIvor, who, after the failure of the '45 rising, retires to a French convent.
There followed a succession of novels over the next five years, each with a Scottish historical setting. Mindful of his reputation as a poet, Scott maintained the anonymity he had begun with Waverley, publishing the novels under the name "Author of Waverley" or as "Tales of..." with no author. Among those familiar with his poetry, his identity became an open secret, but Scott persisted in maintaining the façade, perhaps because he thought his old-fashioned father would disapprove of his engaging in such a trivial pursuit as novel writing. During this time Scott became known by the nickname "The Wizard of the North". In 1815 he was given the honour of dining with George, Prince Regent, who wanted to meet the "Author of Waverley".




"Edgar and Lucie at Mermaiden's well" by Charles Robert Leslie (1886), after Sir Walter Scott's Bride of Lammermoor. Lucie is wearing a full plaid.


Scott's 1819 series Tales of my Landlord is sometimes considered a subset of the Waverley novels and was intended to illustrate aspects of Scottish regional life. Among the best known is The Bride of Lammermoor, a fictionalized version of an actual incident in the history of the Dalrymple family that took place in the Lammermuir Hills in 1669. In the novel, Lucie Ashton and the nobly born but now dispossessed and impoverished Edgar Ravenswood exchange vows. But the Ravenswoods and the wealthy Ashtons, who now own the former Ravenswood lands, are enemies, and Lucie's mother forces her daughter to break her engagement to Edgar and marry the wealthy Sir Arthur Bucklaw. Lucie falls into a depression and on their wedding night stabs the bridegroom, succumbs to insanity, and dies. In 1821, French Romantic painter Eugène Delacroix painted a portrait depicting himself as the melancholy, disinherited Edgar Ravenswood. The prolonged, climactic coloratura mad scene for Lucia in Donizetti's 1835 bel canto opera Lucia di Lammermoor is based on what in the novel were just a few bland sentences.
Tales of my Landlord includes the now highly regarded novel Old Mortality, set in 1679–89 against the backdrop of the ferocious anti-Covenanting campaign of the Tory Graham of Claverhouse, subsequently made Viscount Dundee (called "Bluidy Clavers" by his opponents but later dubbed "Bonnie Dundee" by Scott). The Covenanters were presbyterians who had supported the Restoration of Charles II on promises of a Presbyterian settlement, but he had instead reintroduced Episcopalian church government with draconian penalties for Presbyterian worship. This led to the destitution of around 270 ministers who had refused to take an oath of allegiance and submit themselves to bishops, and who continued to conduct worship among a remnant of their flock in caves and other remote country spots. The relentless persecution of these conventicles and attempts to break them up by military force had led to open revolt. The story is told from the point of view of Henry Morton, a moderate Presbyterian, who is unwittingly drawn into the conflict and barely escapes summary execution. In writing Old Mortality Scott drew upon the knowledge he had acquired from his researches into ballads on the subject for The Minstrelsy of the Scottish Border.[21] Scott's background as a lawyer also informed his perspective, for at the time of the novel, which takes place before the Act of Union of 1707, English law did not apply in Scotland, and afterwards Scotland has continued to have its own Scots law as a hybrid legal system. A recent critic, who is a legal as well as a literary scholar, argues that Old Mortality not only reflects the dispute between Stuart's absolute monarchy and the jurisdiction of the courts, but also invokes a foundational moment in British sovereignty, namely, the Habeas Corpus Act (also known as the Great Writ), passed by the English Parliament in 1679.[22] Oblique reference to the origin of Habeas corpus underlies Scott's next novel, Ivanhoe, set during the era of the creation of the Magna Carta, which political conservatives like Walter Scott and Edmund Burke regarded as rooted in immemorial British custom and precedent.
Ivanhoe (1819), set in 12th-century England, marked a move away from Scott's focus on the local history of Scotland. Based partly on Hume's History of England and the ballad cycle of Robin Hood, Ivanhoe was quickly translated into many languages and inspired countless imitations and theatrical adaptations. Ivanhoe depicts the cruel tyranny of the Norman overlords (Norman Yoke) over the impoverished Saxon populace of England, with two of the main characters, Rowena and Locksley (Robin Hood), representing the dispossessed Saxon aristocracy. When the protagonists are captured and imprisoned by a Norman baron, Scott interrupts the story to exclaim:

It is grievous to think that those valiant barons, to whose stand against the crown the liberties of England were indebted for their existence, should themselves have been such dreadful oppressors, and capable of excesses contrary not only to the laws of England, but to those of nature and humanity. But, alas ...fiction itself can hardly reach the dark reality of the horrors of the period. (Chapter 24.33)

The institution of the Magna Carta, which happens outside the time frame of the story, is portrayed as a progressive (incremental) reform, but also as a step towards the recovery of a lost golden age of liberty endemic to England and the English system. Scott puts a derisive prophecy in the mouth of the jester Wamba:


Norman saw on English oak.
On English neck a Norman yoke;
Norman spoon to English dish,
And England ruled as Normans wish;
Blithe world in England never will be more,
Till England's rid of all the four. (Ivanhoe, Ch. xxvii)


Although on the surface an entertaining escapist romance, alert contemporary readers would have quickly recognised the political subtext of Ivanhoe, which appeared immediately after the English Parliament, fearful of French-style revolution in the aftermath of Waterloo, had passed the Habeas Corpus Suspension acts of 1817 and 1818 and other extremely repressive measures, and when traditional English Charter rights versus revolutionary human rights was a topic of discussion.[23]
Ivanhoe was also remarkable in its sympathetic portrayal of Jewish characters: Rebecca, considered by many critics the book's real heroine, does not in the end get to marry Ivanhoe, whom she loves, but Scott allows her to remain faithful to her own religion, rather than having her convert to Christianity. Likewise, her father, Isaac of York, a Jewish moneylender, is shown as a victim rather than a villain. In Ivanhoe, which is one of Scott's Waverley novels, religious and sectarian fanatics are the villains, while the eponymous hero is a bystander who must weigh the evidence and decide where to take a stand. Scott's positive portrayal of Judaism, which reflects his humanity and concern for religious toleration, also coincided with a contemporary movement for the Emancipation of the Jews in England.
Recovery of the Crown Jewels, baronetcy and ceremonial pageantry[edit]




Rediscovering the 'lost' Honours of Scotland in 1818






George IV landing at Leith in 1822


Scott's fame grew as his explorations and interpretations of Scottish history and society captured popular imagination. Impressed by this, the Prince Regent (the future George IV) gave Scott permission to conduct a search for the Crown Jewels ("Honours of Scotland"). During the years of the Protectorate under Cromwell the Crown Jewels had been hidden away, but had subsequently been used to crown Charles II. They were not used to crown subsequent monarchs, but were regularly taken to sittings of Parliament, to represent the absent monarch, until the Act of Union 1707. Thereafter, the honours were stored in Edinburgh Castle, but the large locked box in which they were stored was not opened for more than 100 years, and stories circulated that they had been "lost" or removed. In 1818, Scott and a small team of military men opened the box, and "unearthed" the honours from the Crown Room in the depths of Edinburgh Castle. A grateful Prince Regent granted Scott the title of baronet,[24] and in March 1820 he received the baronetcy in London, becoming Sir Walter Scott, 1st Baronet.[25]
After George's accession to the throne, the city council of Edinburgh invited Scott, at the King's behest, to stage-manage the 1822 visit of King George IV to Scotland.[24] With only three weeks for planning and execution, Scott created a spectacular and comprehensive pageant, designed not only to impress the King, but also in some way to heal the rifts that had destabilised Scots society. He used the event to contribute to the drawing of a line under an old world that pitched his homeland into regular bouts of bloody strife. He, along with his "production team", mounted what in modern days could be termed a PR event, in which the King was dressed in tartan, and was greeted by his people, many of whom were also dressed in similar tartan ceremonial dress. This form of dress, proscribed after the 1745 rebellion against the English, became one of the seminal, potent and ubiquitous symbols of Scottish identity.[26]
In his novel Kenilworth, Elizabeth I is welcomed to the castle of that name by means of an elaborate pageant, the details of which Scott was well qualified to itemize.
Much of Scott's autograph work shows an almost stream-of-consciousness approach to writing. He included little in the way of punctuation in his drafts, leaving such details to the printers to supply.[27] He eventually acknowledged in 1827 that he was the author of the Waverley Novels.[26]
Financial problems and death[edit]




Sir Walter Scott's grave at Dryburgh Abbey


In 1825 a UK-wide banking crisis resulted in the collapse of the Ballantyne printing business, of which Scott was the only partner with a financial interest; the company's debts of £130,000 (equivalent to £9,600,000 in 2015) caused his very public ruin.[28] Rather than declare himself bankrupt, or to accept any kind of financial support from his many supporters and admirers (including the king himself), he placed his house and income in a trust belonging to his creditors, and determined to write his way out of debt. He kept up his prodigious output of fiction, as well as producing a biography of Napoleon Bonaparte, until 1831. By then his health was failing, but he nevertheless undertook a grand tour of Europe, and was welcomed and celebrated wherever he went. He returned to Scotland and, in September 1832, during the epidemic in Scotland that year, died of typhus[29] at Abbotsford, the home he had designed and had built, near Melrose in the Scottish Borders. (His wife, Lady Scott, had died in 1826 and was buried as an Episcopalian.) Two Presbyterian ministers and one Episcopalian officiated at his funeral.[30] Scott died owing money, but his novels continued to sell, and the debts encumbering his estate were discharged shortly after his death.[28]
Personal life[edit]
Scott's eldest son Lt Walter Scott, inherited his father's estate and possessions. He married Jane Jobson, only daughter of William Jobson of Lochore (died 1822) and his wife Rachel Stuart (died 1863) on 3 February 1825.[31]
Scott, Sr.'s lawyer from at least 1814 was Hay Donaldson WS (died 1822), who was also agent to the Duke of Buccleuch. Scott was Donaldson's proposer when he was elected a Fellow of the Royal Society of Edinburgh.[32]
His distant cousin was the poet Randall Swingler.
Abbotsford[edit]




Abbotsford House






Tomb of Walter Scott, in Dryburgh Abbey by Henry Fox Talbot, 1844


When Scott was a boy, he sometimes travelled with his father from Selkirk to Melrose, where some of his novels are set. At a certain spot the old gentleman would stop the carriage and take his son to a stone on the site of the Battle of Melrose (1526).[33]
During the summers from 1804, Scott made his home at the large house of Ashestiel, on the south bank of the River Tweed 6 miles (9.7 km) north of Selkirk. When his lease on this property expired in 1811, Scott bought Cartley Hole Farm, downstream on the Tweed nearer Melrose. The farm had the nickname of "Clarty Hole", and when Scott built a family cottage there in 1812 he named it "Abbotsford". He continued to expand the estate, and built Abbotsford House in a series of extensions.[2] The farmhouse developed into a wonderful home that has been likened to a fairy palace. Scott was a pioneer of the Scottish Baronial style of architecture, therefore Abbotsford is festooned with turrets and stepped gabling. Through windows enriched with the insignia of heraldry the sun shone on suits of armour, trophies of the chase, a library of more than 9,000 volumes, fine furniture, and still finer pictures. Panelling of oak and cedar and carved ceilings relieved by coats of arms in their correct colours added to the beauty of the house.[34][verification needed]
It is estimated that the building cost Scott more than £25,000 (equivalent to £1,900,000 in 2015). More land was purchased until Scott owned nearly 1,000 acres (4.0 km2). A Roman road with a ford near Melrose used in olden days by the abbots of Melrose suggested the name of Abbotsford. Scott was buried in Dryburgh Abbey, where his wife had earlier been interred. Nearby is a large statue of William Wallace, one of Scotland's many romanticised historical figures.[35] Abbotsford later gave its name to the Abbotsford Club, founded in 1834 in memory of Sir Walter Scott.[36]
Legacy[edit]


Part of the Politics series on


Toryism







Characteristics


Monarchism
Traditionalism
High Church Anglicanism
Traditional Catholicism
Loyalism
Royalism
Interventionism
Agrarianism/Self-sufficiency
Counterrevolution
Classicism
High culture
Noblesse oblige
Organic unity
Unionism








General topics


Cavaliers
Cavalier Parliament
Château Clique
Jacobitism
Divine right of kings
Corporatism
Family Compact (Canada)
Oxford Movement
Powellism








People


Robert Filmer
1st Earl of Clarendon
Roger L'Estrange
1st Earl of Rochester
1st Viscount Bolingbroke
3rd Earl of Bute
1st Duke of Wellington
Walter Scott
Stanley Baldwin
G. K. Chesterton
Winston Churchill
Enoch Powell
George Grant








Related topics


Conservatism
Distributists
Miguelism
Vendéens
Chouans
Legitimism
Carlism
Sanfedismo
Viva Maria
Cristeros
Reactionary
High Tory
Red Tory
Loyalist
Royalist
Veronese Easter
Tory corporatism
Tory socialism
Pink Tory
Ultra-Tories









v
t
e





Later assessment[edit]







Although he continued to be extremely popular and widely read, both at home and abroad,[37] Scott's critical reputation declined in the last half of the 19th century as serious writers turned from romanticism to realism, and Scott began to be regarded as an author suitable for children. This trend accelerated in the 20th century. For example, in his classic study Aspects of the Novel (1927), E. M. Forster harshly criticized Scott's clumsy and slapdash writing style, "flat" characters, and thin plots. In contrast, the novels of Scott's contemporary Jane Austen, once appreciated only by the discerning few (including, as it happened, Sir Walter Scott himself) rose steadily in critical esteem, though Austen, as a female writer, was still faulted for her narrow ("feminine") choice of subject matter, which, unlike Scott, avoided the grand historical themes traditionally viewed as masculine.
Nevertheless, Scott's importance as an innovator continued to be recognized. He was acclaimed as the inventor of the genre of the modern historical novel (which others trace to Jane Porter, whose work in the genre predates Scott's) and the inspiration for enormous numbers of imitators and genre writers both in Britain and on the European continent. In the cultural sphere, Scott's Waverley novels played a significant part in the movement (begun with James Macpherson's Ossian cycle) in rehabilitating the public perception of the Scottish Highlands and its culture, which had been formally suppressed as barbaric, and viewed in the southern mind as a breeding ground of hill bandits, religious fanaticism, and Jacobite rebellions. Scott served as chairman of the Royal Society of Edinburgh and was also a member of the Royal Celtic Society. His own contribution to the reinvention of Scottish culture was enormous, even though his re-creations of the customs of the Highlands were fanciful at times, despite his extensive travels around his native country. It is a testament to Scott's contribution in creating a unified identity for Scotland that Edinburgh's central railway station, opened in 1854 by the North British Railway, is called Waverley. The fact that Scott was a Lowland Presbyterian, rather than a Gaelic-speaking Catholic Highlander, made him more acceptable to a conservative English reading public. Scott's novels were certainly influential in the making of the Victorian craze for all things Scottish among British royalty, who were anxious to claim legitimacy through their rather attenuated historical connection with the royal house of Stuart.[citation needed]
At the time Scott wrote, Scotland was poised to move away from an era of socially divisive clan warfare to a modern world of literacy and industrial capitalism. Through the medium of Scott's novels, the violent religious and political conflicts of the country's recent past could be seen as belonging to history—which Scott defined, as the subtitle of Waverley ("'Tis Sixty Years Since") indicates, as something that happened at least 60 years ago. Scott's advocacy of objectivity and moderation and his strong repudiation of political violence on either side also had a strong, though unspoken, contemporary resonance in an era when many conservative English speakers lived in mortal fear of a revolution in the French style on British soil. Scott's orchestration of King George IV's visit to Scotland, in 1822, was a pivotal event intended to inspire a view of his home country that, in his view, accentuated the positive aspects of the past while allowing the age of quasi-medieval blood-letting to be put to rest, while envisioning a more useful, peaceful future.
After Scott's work had been essentially unstudied for many decades, a revival of critical interest began from the 1960s. Postmodern tastes favoured discontinuous narratives and the introduction of the "first person", yet they were more favourable to Scott's work than Modernist tastes. While F. R. Leavis had disdained Scott, seeing him as a thoroughly bad novelist and a thoroughly bad influence (The Great Tradition [1948]), György Lukács (The Historical Novel [1937, trans. 1962]) and David Daiches (Scott's Achievement as a Novelist [1951]) offered a Marxian political reading of Scott's fiction that generated a great deal of genuine interest in his work. Scott is now seen as an important innovator and a key figure in the development of Scottish and world literature, and particularly as the inventor of the historical novel.[38]
Memorials and commemoration[edit]




The Scott Monument on Edinburgh's Princes Street






Statue by Sir John Steell on the Scott Monument in Edinburgh






Scott Monument in Glasgow's George Square






Statue on the Glasgow monument


During his lifetime, Scott's portrait was painted by Sir Edwin Landseer and fellow-Scots Sir Henry Raeburn and James Eckford Lauder. In Edinburgh, the 61.1-metre-tall Victorian Gothic spire of the Scott Monument was designed by George Meikle Kemp. It was completed in 1844, 12 years after Scott's death, and dominates the south side of Princes Street. Scott is also commemorated on a stone slab in Makars' Court, outside The Writers' Museum, Lawnmarket, Edinburgh, along with other prominent Scottish writers; quotes from his work are also visible on the Canongate Wall of the Scottish Parliament building in Holyrood. There is a tower dedicated to his memory on Corstorphine Hill in the west of the city and, as mentioned, Edinburgh's Waverley railway station takes its name from one of his novels.
In Glasgow, Walter Scott's Monument dominates the centre of George Square, the main public square in the city. Designed by David Rhind in 1838, the monument features a large column topped by a statue of Scott.[39] There is a statue of Scott in New York City's Central Park.[40]
Numerous Masonic Lodges have been named after him and his novels. For example: Lodge Sir Walter Scott, No.859, (Perth, Australia) and Lodge Waverly, No.597, (Edinburgh, Scotland).[41]
The annual Walter Scott Prize for Historical Fiction was created in 2010 by the Duke and Duchess of Buccleuch, whose ancestors were closely linked to Sir Walter Scott. At £25,000 it is one of the largest prizes in British literature. The award has been presented at Scott's historic home, Abbotsford House.
Scott has been credited with rescuing the Scottish banknote. In 1826, there was outrage in Scotland at the attempt of Parliament to prevent the production of banknotes of less than five pounds. Scott wrote a series of letters to the Edinburgh Weekly Journal under the pseudonym "Malachi Malagrowther" for retaining the right of Scottish banks to issue their own banknotes. This provoked such a response that the Government was forced to relent and allow the Scottish banks to continue printing pound notes. This campaign is commemorated by his continued appearance on the front of all notes issued by the Bank of Scotland. The image on the 2007 series of banknotes is based on the portrait by Henry Raeburn.[42]
During and immediately after World War I there was a movement spearheaded by President Wilson and other eminent people to inculcate patriotism in American school children, especially immigrants, and to stress the American connection with the literature and institutions of the "mother country" of Great Britain, using selected readings in middle school textbooks.[43] Scott's Ivanhoe continued to be required reading for many American high school students until the end of the 1950s.
A bust of Scott is in the Hall of Heroes of the National Wallace Monument in Stirling.
Literature by other authors[edit]
In Charles Baudelaire's La Fanfarlo (1847), poet Samuel Cramer says of Scott:

Oh that tedious author, a dusty exhumer of chronicles! A fastidious mass of descriptions of bric-a-brac ... and castoff things of every sort, armor, tableware, furniture, gothic inns, and melodramatic castles where lifeless mannequins stalk about, dressed in leotards.

In the novella, however, Cramer proves as deluded a romantic as any hero in one of Scott's novels.[44]
In Anne Brontë's The Tenant of Wildfell Hall (1848) the narrator, Gilbert Markham, brings an elegantly bound copy of Marmion as a present to the independent "tenant of Wildfell Hall" (Helen Graham) whom he is courting, and is mortified when she insists on paying for it.
In a speech delivered at Salem, Massachusetts, on 6 January 1860, to raise money for the families of the executed abolitionist John Brown and his followers, Ralph Waldo Emerson calls Brown an example of true chivalry, which consists not in noble birth but in helping the weak and defenseless and declares that "Walter Scott would have delighted to draw his picture and trace his adventurous career".[45]
In his 1870 memoir, Army Life in a Black Regiment, New England abolitionist Thomas Wentworth Higginson (later editor of Emily Dickinson), described how he wrote down and preserved Negro spirituals or "shouts" while serving as a colonel in the First South Carolina Volunteers, the first authorized Union Army regiment recruited from freedmen during the Civil War (memorialized in the 1989 film Glory). He wrote that he was "a faithful student of the Scottish ballads, and had always envied Sir Walter the delight of tracing them out amid their own heather, and of writing them down piecemeal from the lips of aged crones".
According to his daughter Eleanor, Scott was "an author to whom Karl Marx again and again returned, whom he admired and knew as well as he did Balzac and Fielding".[46]
In his 1883 Life on the Mississippi, Mark Twain satirized the impact of Scott's writings, declaring (with humorous hyperbole) that Scott "had so large a hand in making Southern character, as it existed before the [American Civil] war", that he is "in great measure responsible for the war".[47] He goes on to coin the term "Sir Walter Scott disease", which he blames for the South's lack of advancement. Twain also targeted Scott in Adventures of Huckleberry Finn, where he names a sinking boat the "Walter Scott" (1884); and, in A Connecticut Yankee in King Arthur's Court (1889), the main character repeatedly utters "great Scott" as an oath; by the end of the book, however, he has become absorbed in the world of knights in armor, reflecting Twain's ambivalence on the topic.
The idyllic Cape Cod retreat of suffragists Verena Tarrant and Olive Chancellor in Henry James' The Bostonians (1886) is called Marmion, evoking what James considered the Quixotic idealism of these social reformers.
In To the Lighthouse by Virginia Woolf, Mrs. Ramsey glances at her husband:

He was reading something that moved him very much ... He was tossing the pages over. He was acting it – perhaps he was thinking himself the person in the book. She wondered what book it was. Oh, it was one of old Sir Walter’s she saw, adjusting the shade of her lamp so that the light fell on her knitting. For Charles Tansley had been saying (she looked up as if she expected to hear the crash of books on the floor above) that people don’t read Scott any more. Then her husband thought, “That’s what they’ll say of me;” so he went and got one of those books ... [Scott's] feeling for straight forward simple things, these fishermen, the poor old crazed creature in Mucklebackit’s cottage [in The Antiquary] made him feel so vigorous, so relieved of something that he felt roused and triumphant and could not choke back his tears ... It fortified him. He clean forgot all the little rubs and digs of the evening ... and his being so irritable with his wife and so touchy and minding when they passed his books over as if they didn’t exist at all. Raising the book a little to hide his face, he let them fall and shook his head from side to side and forgot himself completely (but not one or two reflections about morality and French novels and English novels and Scott’s hands being tied but his view perhaps being as true as the other view), forgot his own bothers and failures completely in poor Steenie’s drowning and Mucklebackit’s sorrow (that was Scott at his best) and the astonishing delight and feeling of vigor that it gave him. Well, let them improve upon that, he thought as he finished the chapter ... The whole of life did not consist in going to bed with a woman, he thought, returning to Scott and Balzac, to the English novel and the French novel.

In 1951, science-fiction author Isaac Asimov wrote Breeds There a Man...?, a short story with a title alluding vividly to Scott's The Lay of the Last Minstrel (1805).
In To Kill a Mockingbird (1960), the protagonist's brother is made to read Walter Scott's book Ivanhoe to the ailing Mrs. Henry Lafayette Dubose, and he refers to the author as "Sir Walter Scout", in reference to his own sister's nickname.
In Mother Night (1961) by Kurt Vonnegut, Jr., memoirist and playwright Howard W. Campbell, Jr., prefaces his text with the six lines beginning "Breathes there the man..."
In Knights of the Sea (2010) by Canadian author Paul Marlowe, there are several quotes from and references to Marmion, as well as an inn named after Ivanhoe, and a fictitious Scott novel entitled The Beastmen of Glen Glammoch.
Bibliography[edit]




Sir Walter Scott by Robert Scott Moncrieff.


Novels[edit]
The Waverley Novels is the title given to the long series of Scott novels released from 1814 to 1832 which takes its name from the first novel, Waverley. The following is a chronological list of the entire series:

1814: Waverley
1815: Guy Mannering
1816: The Antiquary
1816: The Black Dwarf and The Tale of Old Mortality – the 1st installment from the subset series, Tales of My Landlord
1817: Rob Roy
1818: The Heart of Midlothian – the 2nd installment from the subset series, Tales of My Landlord
1819: The Bride of Lammermoor and A Legend of Montrose – the 3rd installment from the subset series, Tales of My Landlord
1820: Ivanhoe
1820: The Monastery and The Abbot – from the subset series, Tales from Benedictine Sources
1821: Kenilworth
1822: The Pirate
1822: The Fortunes of Nigel
1822: Peveril of the Peak
1823: Quentin Durward
1824: St. Ronan's Well
1824: Redgauntlet
1825: The Betrothed and The Talisman – from the subset series, Tales of the Crusaders
1826: Woodstock
1828: The Fair Maid of Perth – the 2nd installment from the subset series, Chronicles of the Canongate (sometimes not considered as part of the Waverley Novels series)
1829: Anne of Geierstein
1832: Count Robert of Paris and Castle Dangerous – the 4th installment from the subset series, Tales of My Landlord

Other novels:

1831–1832: The Siege of Malta – a finished novel published posthumously in 2008
1832: Bizarro – an unfinished novel (or novella) published posthumously in 2008

Poetry[edit]
Many of the short poems or songs released by Scott were originally not separate pieces but parts of longer poems interspersed throughout his novels, tales, and dramas.

1796: "The Chase" – an English-language translation of the German-language poem by Gottfried August Bürger entitled "Der Wilde Jäger" (or, "The Wild Huntsmen", its more common English translation), first of the translations and imitations from German ballads by Scott
1802–1803: "The Minstrelsy of the Scottish Border"
1805: "The Lay of the Last Minstrel"
1806: "Ballads and Lyrical Pieces"
1808: "Marmion"
1810: "The Lady of the Lake"
1811: "The Vision of Don Roderick"
1813: "The Bridal of Triermain"
1813: "Rokeby"
1815: "The Field of Waterloo"
1815: "The Lord of the Isles"
1817: "Harold the Dauntless"

Short stories[edit]

1827: "The Highland Widow", "The Two Drovers", and "The Surgeon's Daughter" – the 1st installment from the series, Chronicles of the Canongate
1828: "My Aunt Margaret's Mirror", "The Tapestried Chamber", and "Death of the Laird's Jock" – from the series, The Keepsake Stories

Plays[edit]

1799: Goetz of Berlichingen, with the Iron Hand: A Tragedy – an English-language translation of the 1773 German-language play by Johann Wolfgang von Goethe entitled Götz von Berlichingen
1822: Halidon Hill
1823: MacDuff's Cross
1830: The Doom of Devorgoil
1830: Auchindrane

Non-fiction[edit]

1796 Translations & imitations of German Ballads Librivox audio
1814–1817: The Border Antiquities of England and Scotland – a work co-authored by Luke Clennell and John Greig with Scott's contribution consisting of the substantial introductory essay, originally published in 2 volumes from 1814 to 1817
1815–1824: Essays on Chivalry, Romance, and Drama – a supplement to the 1815–1824 editions of the Encyclopædia Britannica
1816: Paul's Letters to his Kinsfolk
1819–1826: Provincial Antiquities of Scotland
1821–1824: Lives of the Novelists
1825–1832: The Journal of Sir Walter Scott
1826: The Letters of Malachi Malagrowther
1827: The Life of Napoleon Buonaparte
1828: Religious Discourses
1828: Tales of a Grandfather; Being Stories Taken from Scottish History – the 1st installment from the series, Tales of a Grandfather
1829: The History of Scotland: Volume I
1829: Tales of a Grandfather; Being Stories Taken from Scottish History – the 2nd installment from the series, Tales of a Grandfather
1830: Essays on Ballad Poetry
1830: The History of Scotland: Volume II
1830: Tales of a Grandfather; Being Stories Taken from Scottish History – the 3rd installment from the series, Tales of a Grandfather
1830: Letters on Demonology and Witchcraft
1831: Tales of a Grandfather; Being Stories Taken from the History of France – the 4th installment from the series, Tales of a Grandfather

See also[edit]



Wikiquote has quotations related to: Walter Scott





Wikisource has original works written by or about:
Walter Scott




Poetry portal



Operas inspired by Walter Scott
Jedediah Cleishbotham (fictional editor of Tales of My Landlord, and Scott's alter ego)
G. A. Henty
Alessandro Manzoni
Alexandre Dumas, père
Karl May
Baroness Orczy
Rafael Sabatini
Emilio Salgari
Samuel Shellabarger
Lawrence Schoonover
Jules Verne
Frank Yerby
GWR Waverley Class steam locomotives
"Famous Scots Series"
Principal Clerk of Session and Justiciary
Writers' Museum

References[edit]


^ "Family Background". Retrieved 2011-04-09. 
^ a b c d e Edinburgh University Library (22 October 2004). "Homes of Sir Walter Scott". x Edinburgh University Library. Retrieved 9 July 2013. 
^ Cone, T E (1973). "Was Sir Walter Scott's Lameness Caused by Poliomyelitis?". Pediatrics. 51 (1): 33. 
^ Robertson, Fiona. "Disfigurement and Disability: Walter Scott’s Bodies". Otranto.co.uk. Retrieved 9 May 2014. 
^ a b "Sandyknowe and Early Childhood". Retrieved 2011-04-09. 
^ "No 1 Nos 2 and 3 (Farrell's Hotel) Nos 4 to 8 (consec) (Pratt's Hotel)". Images of England. English Heritage. Retrieved 29 July 2009. 
^ a b "School and University". Walterscott.lib.ed.ac.uk. 24 October 2003. Retrieved 29 November 2009. 
^ "Literary Beginnings". Walterscott.lib.ed.ac.uk. 11 December 2007. Retrieved 29 November 2009. 
^ Walter, Sir Walter (2012). The Lady of the Lake. Lititz, PA: AP Publishing House. p. 308. ISBN 9781105941573. Retrieved 22 November 2016. 
^ BBC profile
^ Leslie C. R. Letter to Miss C Leslie dated 26 June 1820 in Autobiographical recollections ed. Tom Taylor, Ticknor & Fields, Boston 1855
^ 1st Lothians and Border Yeomanry
^ http://www.walterscott.lib.ed.ac.uk/biography/chronology.html
^ Edinburgh Archive – Family
^ Cooper, Robert L D, Ed. 2010. Famous Scottish Freemasons, pp 58–59. ISBN 978-0-9560933-8-7
^ Edinburgh Archive – Ballantyne Brothers
^ The early editions of Marmion use Scott's original spelling of "practice" (still used in the U.S.A). Later editions, compiled without Scott's oversight, usually favour the modern standard British English spelling of "practise".
^ Hay, James (1899). Sir Walter Scott. London. p. 258. ISBN 978-1278170947. Retrieved 22 November 2016. 
^ http://www.walterscott.lib.ed.ac.uk/biography/poet.html
^ "Scott the Poet". Walterscott.lib.ed.ac.uk. 11 December 2007. Retrieved 29 November 2009. 
^ See Old Mortality on the University of Edinburgh Walter Scott website.
^ See Amy Witherbee, in "Habeas Corpus: British Imaginations of Power in Walter Scott's Old Mortality", New Literary History 39 (2008): 355–67, writes:

By the 1670s, conﬂicts between religious dissidents and the Stuart Crown had given way to a Crown policy of seizing and imprisoning opponents without recourse to the courts. In 1679, this policy of using extrajudicial imprisonments to quell rebellion ﬁnally provoked the English Parliament to pass the Act of Habeas Corpus in England. Usually translated as “produce the body,” habeas corpus could be invoked by any subject to require that the king or his agents produce the body of a prisoner for adjudication before the courts. In its barest terms the Great Writ protected a subject from indeﬁnite terms of imprisonment, from imprisonment outside the kingdom, or from imprisonment without cause. It did so by asserting the jurisdiction of the courts as superior to the executive powers of the king. The Act was thus part of a long debate within the three kingdoms about the relationship of king to law and vice versa.


^ Witherbee (2008), pp. 363–64. Habeas corpus had been suspended in the mid-1790s at the time of the French Revolution by William Pitt, who had called the French declaration of human rights "monstrous". Widely publicised trials for sedition took place in Edinburgh (1793) and in London (1794) John Thelwall and two others were charged with treason. The Scottish defendants received harsh sentences whereas the English ones were acquitted. According to historian Anne Stott: "The difference between the English and Scottish trials reflects the different legal systems. Ironically, the acquittals made the loyalist case—that England was a country where a man could have a fair trial."
^ a b "Chronology of Walter Scott's life". Walter Scott Digital Archive. Retrieved 2 May 2015. 
^ "The Abbot". Walter Scott Digital Archive. Retrieved 2 May 2015. Scott had travelled to London in March [1820] to receive his baronetcy 
^ a b "Walter Scott Digital Archive – Chronology". Walterscott.lib.ed.ac.uk. 13 Oct 2008. Retrieved 29 Nov 2009. 
^ Stuart Kelly quoted by Arnold Zwicky in The Book of Lost Books
^ a b McKinstry, Sam; Fletcher, Marie (2002). "The Personal Account Books of Sir Walter Scott". The Accounting Historians Journal. 29: 59–89. JSTOR 40698269.  (subscription required)
^ London Medical and Surgical Journal, January 1833
^ Edinburgh Profile, Financial Hardship
^ Monuments and monumental inscriptions in Scotland: The Grampian Society, 1871
^ BIOGRAPHICAL INDEX OF FORMER FELLOWS OF THE ROYAL SOCIETY OF EDINBURGH 1783 – 2002 (PDF). The Royal Society of Edinburgh. July 2006. ISBN 0 902 198 84 X. 
^ Lockhart, John Gibson (1837). Memoirs of the Life of Sir Walter Scott, Bart. Philadelphia. p. 1.397. Retrieved 7 November 2016. 
^ Abbotsford House website.
^ Scott, Sir Walter; Grant, George (2001). From Bannockburn to Flodden: Wallace, Bruce, and the Heroes of Medieval Scotland. Nashville: Cumberland. p. viii. ISBN 978-1581821277. 
^ The Oxford Companion to English Literature, 6th Edition. Edited by Margaret Drabble, Oxford University Press, 2000 Pp1
^ "…it would be difficult to name, from among both modern and ancient works, many read more widely and with greater pleasure than the historical novels of … Walter Scott." – Alessandro Manzoni, On the Historical Novel.
^ Higgins, Charlotte (16 August 2010). "Scotland's image-maker Sir Walter Scott 'invented English legends'". The Guardian. London. Retrieved 2011-04-09. 
^ "Glasgow, George Square, Walter Scott's Monument". Retrieved 2011-04-09. 
^ New York monument
^ Grand Lodge of Scotland Year Book. 2014. pp 25 & 34. ISBN 0902324-86-1
^ Scottish Banks
^ For example, see the textbook compiled by Emma Serl and William J. Pelo, American Ideals: Selected Patriotic Readings for Seventh and Eighth Grades, introduction by Charles W. Eliot, President Emeritus of Harvard (Gregg Publishing, 1919).
^ See Francis S. Heck, “Baudelaire's La Fanfarlo: An Example of Romantic Irony”, The French Review 49: 3 (1976): 328–36.
^ Kenneth S. Sacks, editor, Emerson: Political Writings (Cambridge Texts in the History of Political Thought) (Cambridge University Press, 2008), p, 193.
^ S.S. Prawer, Karl Marx and World Literature, Oxford, 1976, p.386.
^ Twain, Mark. "Life on the Mississippi", Chapter 46


Further reading[edit]

Bautz, Annika. Reception of Jane Austen and Walter Scott: A Comparative Longitudinal Study. Continuum, 2007. ISBN 0-8264-9546-X, ISBN 978-0-8264-9546-4.
Brown, David. Walter Scott and the Historical Imagination. Routledge, 1979, ISBN 0-7100-0301-3; Kindle ed. 2013.
Buchan, John. Sir Walter Scott, Coward-McCann Inc., New York, 1932.
Cornish, Sidney W. The "Waverley" Manual; or, Handbook of the Chief Characters, Incidents, and Descriptions in the "Waverley" Novels, with Critical Breviates from Various Sources. Edinburgh: A. and C. Black, 1871.
Duncan, Ian. Scott's Shadow: The Novel in Romantic Edinburgh. Princeton UP, 2007. ISBN 978-0-691-04383-8.
Kelly, Stuart. Scott-Land: The Man Who Invented a Nation. Polygon, 2010. ISBN 978-1-84697-107-5.
Lincoln, Andrew. Walter Scott And Modernity. Edinburgh UP, 2007.
Stephen, Leslie (1898). "The Story of Scott's Ruin". Studies of a Biographer. 2. London: Duckworth & Co. 
Letitia Elizabeth Landon The Female Portrait Gallery. A series of 22 analyses of Scott's female characters (sadly curtailed by Letitia's untimely death in 1838). Laman Blanchard: Life and Literary Remains of L.E.L., 1841. Vol. 2. pp. 81–194.

External links[edit]


Library resources about
Walter Scott





Resources in your library
Resources in other libraries





Find more aboutWalter Scottat Wikipedia's sister projects

Media from Commons
Quotations from Wikiquote
Texts from Wikisource
Data from Wikidata



Sir Walter Scott and Hinx, his Cat
Walter Scott Digital Archive at the University of Edinburgh.
The Edinburgh Sir Walter Scott Club
Sir Walter Scott, biography by Richard H. Hutton, 1878 (from Project Gutenberg)
Works by Walter Scott at Project Gutenberg
Works by or about Walter Scott at Internet Archive
Works by Walter Scott at LibriVox (public domain audiobooks) 
Works by Walter Scott at The Online Books Page
 Chisholm, Hugh, ed. (1911). "Scott, Sir Walter". Encyclopædia Britannica (11th ed.). Cambridge University Press. 
Walter Scott's profile and catalogue of his library at Abbotsford on LibraryThing.
Guardian Books - Sir Walter Scott
Portraits at the National Portrait Gallery
Bust of Walter Scott by Sir Francis Leggatt Chantrey, 1828, white marble, Philadelphia Museum of Art, # 2002.222.1, Philadelphia (PA).
Millgate Union Catalogue of Walter Scott Correspondence
Correspondence of Sir Walter Scott, with related papers, ca. 1807–1929


Arms of Sir Walter Scott




Crest
A nymph, in her dexter hand a sun in splendour, in her sinister a crescent (moon)
Escutcheon
Quarterly; 1st & 4th or two mullets in chief and a crescent in base azure within an orle azure (Scott); 2nd & 3rd or on a bend azure three mascles or, in sinister chief point a buckle or (Haliburton); escutcheon of the Hand of Ulster
Supporters
Dexter a mermaid holding in the exterior hand a mirror proper; Sinister a savage wreathed around the head and middle, holding in the exterior hand a club
Motto
(above) Reparabit cornua phoebe - the moon shall fill her horns again
(below) Watch weel






Baronetage of the United Kingdom


New title
Baronet(of Abbotsford)
1st creation
1820–1832
Next:
Sir Walter Scott








v
t
e


Works by Walter Scott



Novels



Waverley (1814)
Guy Mannering (1815)
The Antiquary (1816)
The Black Dwarf (1816)
Old Mortality (1816)
Rob Roy (1817)
The Heart of Midlothian (1818)
The Bride of Lammermoor (1819)
A Legend of Montrose (1819)
Ivanhoe (1819)
The Monastery (1820)
The Abbot (1820)
Kenilworth (1821)
The Pirate (1821)
The Fortunes of Nigel (1822)
Peveril of the Peak (1823)
Quentin Durward (1823)
St. Ronan's Well (1823)
Redgauntlet (1824)
The Betrothed (1825)
The Talisman (1825)
Woodstock (1826)
The Fair Maid of Perth (1828)
Anne of Geierstein (1829)
Count Robert of Paris (1831)
Castle Dangerous (1831)
The Siege of Malta (1831-1832, pub. posthumously 2008)
Bizarro (1832, pub. posthumously 2008)





Poetry



Translations and Imitations from German Ballads (1796-1819)
"Glenfinlas" (1800)
The Minstrelsy of the Scottish Border (1802-1803)
The Lay of the Last Minstrel (1805)
Ballads and Lyrical Pieces (1806)
Marmion (1808)
The Lady of the Lake (1810)
The Vision of Don Roderick (1811)
The Bridal of Triermain (1813)
Rokeby (1813)
The Field of Waterloo (1815)
The Lord of the Isles (1815)
Harold the Dauntless (1817)





Short stories



Chronicles of the Canongate, 1st series (1827)
The Keepsake Stories (1828)





Plays



Halidon Hill (1822)
MacDuff's Cross (1823)
The Doom of Devorgoil (1830)
Auchindrane, or, The Ayrshire Tragedy (1830)





Non-fiction



The Journal (1825-1832)
Tales of a Grandfather (1828-1831)





People



James Ballantyne
Lord Byron
James Hogg
William Laidlaw
John Gibson Lockhart
Robert Southey
William Wordsworth





Characters



Jedediah Cleishbotham
Jeanie Deans
Dryasdust
Lord Glenallan
Saunders Mucklebackit
Edie Ochiltree
Jonathan Oldbuck
Dominie Sampson
Sir Arthur Wardour





Related



Abbotsford House
Dandie Dinmont Terrier
"Hail to the Chief"
Kennaquhair
Scott Monument
Scott's View
Sir Walter Scott Way
Walter Scott Prize
Writers' Museum












v
t
e


Walter Scott's Ivanhoe



Opera



Ivanhoé
Der Templer und die Jüdin
Il templario
Ivanhoe





Films



Ivanhoe (1913 British)
Ivanhoe (1913 American)
Ivanhoe (1952)
Ivanhoe (1982)
The Ballad of the Valiant Knight Ivanhoe (1983)





Television



Ivanhoe (1958)
Ivanhoe (1970)
Young Ivanhoe (1995)
Ivanhoe (1997)





Related



The Betrothed
Ravenskull












v
t
e


Romanticism



Countries



Denmark
England (literature)
France (literature)
Germany
Norway
Poland
Russia (literature)
Scotland





Movements



Bohemianism
Counter-Enlightenment
Dark romanticism
Düsseldorf School
Gesamtkunstwerk
Gothic fiction
Gothic Revival (architecture)
Hudson River School
Indianism
Nazarene movement
Ossian
Romantic hero
Romanticism in science
Romantic nationalism
Opium and Romanticism
Transcendentalism
Ultra-Romanticism
Wallenrodism





Writers



Abovian
Alencar
Alfieri
Andersen
A. v. Arnim
B. v. Arnim
Azevedo
Baratashvili
Baratynsky
Barbauld (Aikin)
Batyushkov
Baudelaire
Beer
Bertrand
Blake
Botev
Brentano
Bryant
Burns
Byron
Castelo Branco
Castilho
Cazotte
Chateaubriand
Chavchavadze
Clare
Coleridge
Cooper
De Quincey
Dias
Dumas
Eichendorff
Emerson
Eminescu
Espronceda
Fouqué
Foscolo
Garrett
Gautier
Goethe
Grimm Brothers
Gutzkow
Hauff
Hawthorne
Heine
Heliade
Herculano
Hoffmann
Hölderlin
Hugo
Ilić
Irving
Jakšić
Jean Paul
Karamzin
Keats
Kleist
Krasiński
Lamartine
Larra
Leopardi
Lermontov
Lowell
Macedonski
Mácha
Magalhães
Malczewski
Manzoni
Maturin
Mickiewicz
Musset
Nalbandian
Nerval
Nodier
Norwid
Novalis
Oehlenschläger
Orbeliani
Poe
Polidori
Potocki
Prešeren
Pushkin
Raffi
Schiller
Schwab
Scott
Seward
M. Shelley
P. B. Shelley
Shevchenko
Słowacki
De Staël
Stendhal
Tieck
Tyutchev
Uhland
Vörösmarty
Vyazemsky
Wordsworth
Zhukovsky
Zorrilla





Music



Adam
Alkan
Auber
Beethoven
Bellini
Bennett
Berlioz
Bertin
Berwald
Brahms
Bruckner
Chopin
Dargomyzhsky
Félicien David
Ferdinand David
Donizetti
Fauré
Field
Franck
Franz
Glinka
Gomis
Halévy
Kalkbrenner
Liszt
Loewe
Marschner
Masarnau
Méhul
Fanny Mendelssohn
Felix Mendelssohn
Méreaux
Meyerbeer
Moniuszko
Moscheles
Mussorgsky
Niedermeyer
Onslow
Paganini
Prudent
Reicha
Rimsky-Korsakov
Rossini
Rubinstein
Schubert
Clara Schumann
Robert Schumann
Smetana
Sor
Spohr
Spontini
Thalberg
Verdi
Voříšek
Wagner
Weber






Theologians and
philosophers




Chaadayev
Coleridge
Feuerbach
Fichte
Goethe
Hegel
Khomyakov
Müller
Ritschl
Rousseau
Schiller
A. Schlegel
F. Schlegel
Schopenhauer
Schleiermacher
Tieck
Wackenroder





Visual artists



Aivazovsky
Bierstadt
Blake
Bonington
Bryullov
Chassériau
Church
Constable
Cole
Corot
Dahl
David d'Angers
Delacroix
Friedrich
Fuseli
Géricault
Girodet
Głowacki
Goya
Gude
Hayez
Janmot
Jones
Kiprensky
Koch
Lampi
Leutze
Loutherbourg
Maison
Martin
Michałowski
Palmer
Porto-Alegre
Préault
Révoil
Richard
Rude
Runge
Saleh
Scheffer
Stattler
Stroj
Tidemand
Tropinin
Turner
Veit
Ward
Wiertz







 « Age of Enlightenment
Realism » 








Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 95207079
LCCN: n78095541
ISNI: 0000 0001 2144 1874
GND: 118612409
SELIBR: 211278
SUDOC: 027129489
BNF: cb11924221r (data)
BIBSYS: 90058655
ULAN: 500069589
MusicBrainz: 627f5ca8-c745-4e1c-a646-facdfe1cabdf
NLA: 35486165
NDL: 00455918
NKC: jn19990007395
ICCU: IT\ICCU\CFIV\006674
RLS: 000081966
BNE: XX913959
RKD: 254119










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Walter_Scott&oldid=790381674"					
Categories: Walter Scott1771 births1832 deaths18th-century Scottish poets19th-century antiquarians19th-century biographers19th-century judges19th-century Scottish lawyers19th-century Scottish novelists19th-century Scottish poetsAlumni of the University of EdinburghBaronets in the Baronetage of the United KingdomBritish literary editorsBritish medievalistsClan ScottElders of the Church of ScotlandFellows of the Royal Society of EdinburghHistorians of ScotlandLiterary critics of EnglishMembers of The ClubMembers of the Faculty of AdvocatesMembers of the Royal Company of ArchersPeople educated at Kelso High SchoolPeople educated at the Royal High School, EdinburghWriters from EdinburghPeople of the Scottish EnlightenmentPresidents of the Royal Society of EdinburghPrincipal Clerks of Session and JusticiaryRomantic poetsScott family of AbbotsfordScottish biographersScottish diaristsScottish folkloristsScottish FreemasonsScottish historical novelistsScottish literary criticsScottish sheriffsScottish people with disabilitiesScottish publishers (people)Scottish song collectorsScottish translatorsWriters of Arthurian literatureWriters of historical fiction set in the Middle AgesWriters of historical novels set in Early Modern periodHidden categories: Pages containing links to subscription-only contentWikipedia introduction cleanup from February 2017All pages needing cleanupArticles covered by WikiProject Wikify from February 2017All articles covered by WikiProject WikifyPages using Infobox writer with unknown parametersAll pages needing factual verificationWikipedia articles needing factual verification from July 2013All articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from September 2016Articles with Project Gutenberg linksArticles with Internet Archive linksArticles with LibriVox linksWikipedia articles incorporating a citation from the 1911 Encyclopaedia Britannica with Wikisource referenceUse British English from December 2014Use dmy dates from March 2016AC with 17 elementsWikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with LCCN identifiersWikipedia articles with ISNI identifiersWikipedia articles with GND identifiersWikipedia articles with SELIBR identifiersWikipedia articles with BNF identifiersWikipedia articles with BIBSYS identifiersWikipedia articles with ULAN identifiersWikipedia articles with MusicBrainz identifiersWikipedia articles with NLA identifiersWikipedia articles with SBN identifiersWikipedia articles with RKDartists identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia CommonsWikiquoteWikisource 



Languages


AfrikaansAlemannischالعربيةAsturianuAzərbaycancaবাংলাБеларускаяБеларуская (тарашкевіца)‎БългарскиBosanskiBrezhonegCatalàČeštinaCymraegDanskDeutschEestiΕλληνικάEspañolEsperantoEuskaraفارسیFrançaisFryskGaeilgeGàidhligGalego한국어Հայերենहिन्दीHrvatskiIdoBahasa IndonesiaInterlinguaÍslenskaItalianoעבריתBasa JawaქართულიҚазақшаКырык марыLatinaLatviešuLietuviųMagyarमैथिलीМакедонскиMalagasyमराठीМонголမြန်မာဘာသာNederlandsनेपाली日本語Norsk bokmålਪੰਜਾਬੀPiemontèisPolskiPortuguêsRomânăРусскийScotsSimple EnglishSlovenčinaSlovenščinaСрпски / srpskiSrpskohrvatski / српскохрватскиSuomiSvenskaTagalogТатарча/tatarçaTürkçeУкраїнськаTiếng Việt中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 13 July 2017, at 11:33.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Walter Scott - Wikipedia






















 






Walter Scott

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

For other people named Walter Scott, see Walter Scott (disambiguation).





This article's lead section may not adequately summarize key points of its contents. Please consider expanding the lead to provide an accessible overview of all important aspects of the article. Please discuss this issue on the article's talk page. (February 2017)




Sir Walter Scott, Bt



Raeburn's portrait of Sir Walter Scott in 1822



Born
15 August 1771
College Wynd, Edinburgh
Scotland


Died
21 September 1832(1832-09-21) (aged 61)
Abbotsford, Roxburghshire
Scotland


Occupation



Historical novelist
Poet



Advocate



Sheriff-Depute
Clerk of Session





Nationality
British


Alma mater
University of Edinburgh


Period
19th century


Literary movement
Romanticism


Spouse
Charlotte Carpenter (Charpentier)






Signature



Sir Walter Scott, 1st Baronet, FRSE (15 August 1771 – 21 September 1832) was a Scottish historical novelist, playwright and poet. Many of his works remain classics of both English-language literature and of Scottish literature. Famous titles include Ivanhoe, Rob Roy, Old Mortality, The Lady of the Lake, Waverley, The Heart of Midlothian and The Bride of Lammermoor.
Although primarily remembered for his extensive literary works and his political engagement, Scott was an advocate, judge and legal administrator by profession, and throughout his career combined his writing and editing work with his daily occupation as Clerk of Session and Sheriff-Depute of Selkirkshire.
A prominent member of the Tory establishment in Edinburgh, Scott was an active member of the Highland Society and served a long term as President of the Royal Society of Edinburgh (1820–32).



Contents


1 Life and works

1.1 Early days
1.2 Meeting with Blacklock and Burns
1.3 Start of literary career, marriage and family
1.4 Poetry
1.5 Novelism
1.6 Recovery of the Crown Jewels, baronetcy and ceremonial pageantry
1.7 Financial problems and death


2 Personal life
3 Abbotsford
4 Legacy

4.1 Later assessment
4.2 Memorials and commemoration
4.3 Literature by other authors


5 Bibliography

5.1 Novels
5.2 Poetry
5.3 Short stories
5.4 Plays
5.5 Non-fiction


6 See also
7 References
8 Further reading
9 External links



Life and works[edit]
Early days[edit]




Scott's childhood at Sandyknowes, in the shadow of Smailholm Tower, introduced him to the tales and folklore of the Scottish Borders.


The son of a Writer to the Signet (solicitor),[1] Scott was born in 1771 in his Presbyterian family's third-floor flat on College Wynd in the Old Town of Edinburgh, a narrow alleyway leading from the Cowgate to the gates of the University of Edinburgh (Old College).[2] He survived a childhood bout of polio in 1773 that left him lame,[3] a condition that was to have a significant effect on his life and writing.[4] To cure his lameness he was sent in 1773 to live in the rural Scottish Borders at his paternal grandparents' farm at Sandyknowe, adjacent to the ruin of Smailholm Tower, the earlier family home.[5] Here he was taught to read by his aunt Jenny, and learned from her the speech patterns and many of the tales and legends that characterised much of his work. In January 1775 he returned to Edinburgh, and that summer went with his aunt Jenny to take spa treatment at Bath in England, where they lived at 6 South Parade.[6] In the winter of 1776 he went back to Sandyknowe, with another attempt at a water cure at Prestonpans during the following summer.[5]




The Scotts' family home in George Square, Edinburgh


In 1778, Scott returned to Edinburgh for private education to prepare him for school, and joined his family in their new house built as one of the first in George Square.[2] In October 1779 he began at the Royal High School of Edinburgh (in High School Yards). He was now well able to walk and explore the city and the surrounding countryside. His reading included chivalric romances, poems, history and travel books. He was given private tuition by James Mitchell in arithmetic and writing, and learned from him the history of the Church of Scotland with emphasis on the Covenanters. After finishing school he was sent to stay for six months with his aunt Jenny in Kelso, attending the local grammar school where he met James and John Ballantyne, who later became his business partners and printed his books.[7]
Meeting with Blacklock and Burns[edit]
Scott began studying classics at the University of Edinburgh in November 1783, at the age of 12, a year or so younger than most of his fellow students. In March 1786 he began an apprenticeship in his father's office to become a Writer to the Signet. While at the university Scott had become a friend of Adam Ferguson, the son of Professor Adam Ferguson who hosted literary salons. Scott met the blind poet Thomas Blacklock, who lent him books and introduced him to James Macpherson's Ossian cycle of poems. During the winter of 1786–87 the 15-year-old Scott saw Robert Burns at one of these salons, for what was to be their only meeting. When Burns noticed a print illustrating the poem "The Justice of the Peace" and asked who had written the poem, only Scott knew that it was by John Langhorne, and was thanked by Burns.[8] When it was decided that he would become a lawyer, he returned to the university to study law, first taking classes in Moral Philosophy and Universal History in 1789–90.[7]
After completing his studies in law, he became a lawyer in Edinburgh. As a lawyer's clerk he made his first visit to the Scottish Highlands directing an eviction. He was admitted to the Faculty of Advocates in 1792. He had an unsuccessful love suit with Williamina Belsches of Fettercairn, who married Scott's friend Sir William Forbes, 7th Baronet.
Start of literary career, marriage and family[edit]




A copy of Scott's Minstrelsy in the National Museum of Scotland


As a boy, youth and young man, Scott was fascinated by the oral traditions of the Scottish Borders. He was an obsessive collector of stories, and developed an innovative method of recording what he heard at the feet of local story-tellers using carvings on twigs, to avoid the disapproval of those who believed that such stories were neither for writing down nor for printing.[9] At the age of 25 he began to write professionally, translating works from German,[10] his first publication being rhymed versions of ballads by Gottfried August Bürger in 1796. He then published an idiosyncratic three-volume set of collected ballads of his adopted home region, The Minstrelsy of the Scottish Border. This was the first sign from a literary standpoint of his interest in Scottish history.
As a result of his early polio infection, Scott had a pronounced limp. He was described in 1820 as tall, well formed (except for one ankle and foot which made him walk lamely), neither fat nor thin, with forehead very high, nose short, upper lip long and face rather fleshy, complexion fresh and clear, eyes very blue, shrewd and penetrating, with hair now silvery white.[11] Although a determined walker, on horseback he experienced greater freedom of movement. Unable to consider a military career, Scott enlisted as a volunteer in the 1st Lothian and Border yeomanry.[12]
On a trip to the Lake District with old college friends he met Charlotte Genevieve Charpentier (or Carpenter), daughter of Jean Charpentier of Lyon in France, and ward of Lord Downshire in Cumberland, an Episcopalian. After three weeks of courtship, Scott proposed and they were married on Christmas Eve 1797 in St Mary's Church, Carlisle (a church set up in the now destroyed nave of Carlisle Cathedral).[13][14] After renting a house in George Street, they moved to nearby South Castle Street. They had five children, of whom four survived by the time of Scott's death, most baptized by an Episcopalian clergyman. In 1799 he was appointed Sheriff-Depute of the County of Selkirk, based in the Royal Burgh of Selkirk. In his early married days Scott had a decent living from his earnings at the law, his salary as Sheriff-Depute, his wife's income, some revenue from his writing, and his share of his father's rather meagre estate.
After their third son was born in 1801, they moved to a spacious three-storey house built for Scott at 39 North Castle Street. This remained Scott's base in Edinburgh until 1826, when he could no longer afford two homes. From 1798 Scott had spent the summers in a cottage at Lasswade, where he entertained guests including literary figures, and it was there that his career as an author began. There were nominal residency requirements for his position of Sheriff-Depute, and at first he stayed at a local inn during the circuit. In 1804 he ended his use of the Lasswade cottage and leased the substantial house of Ashestiel, 6 miles (9.7 km) from Selkirk. It was sited on the south bank of the River Tweed, and the building incorporated an old tower house.[2]
Scott's father, also Walter (1729–1799), was a Freemason, being a member of Lodge St David, No.36 (Edinburgh), and Scott also became a Freemason in his father's Lodge in 1801, albeit only after the death of his father.[15]
Poetry[edit]




Sir Walter Scott, novelist and poet - painted by Sir William Allan


In 1796, Scott's friend James Ballantyne[16] founded a printing press in Kelso, in the Scottish Borders. Through Ballantyne, Scott was able to publish his first works, including "Glenfinlas" and "The Eve of St. John", and his poetry then began to bring him to public attention. In 1805, The Lay of the Last Minstrel captured wide public imagination, and his career as a writer was established in spectacular fashion.
He published many other poems over the next ten years, including the popular The Lady of the Lake, printed in 1810 and set in the Trossachs. Portions of the German translation of this work were set to music by Franz Schubert. One of these songs, "Ellens dritter Gesang", is popularly labelled as "Schubert's Ave Maria".
Beethoven's opus 108 "Twenty-Five Scottish Songs" includes 3 folk songs whose words are by Walter Scott.
Marmion, published in 1808, produced lines that have become proverbial. Canto VI. Stanza 17 reads:


Yet Clare's sharp questions must I shun
Must separate Constance from the nun
Oh! what a tangled web we weave
When first we practise to deceive!
A Palmer too! No wonder why
I felt rebuked beneath his eye.[17]


In 1809 Scott persuaded James Ballantyne and his brother to move to Edinburgh and to establish their printing press there. He became a partner in their business. As a political conservative,[18] Scott helped to found the Tory Quarterly Review, a review journal to which he made several anonymous contributions. Scott was also a contributor to the Edinburgh Review, which espoused Whig views.
Scott was ordained as an elder in the Presbyterian Church of Duddington and sat in the General Assembly for a time as representative elder of the burgh of Selkirk.
When the lease of Ashestiel expired in 1811 Scott bought Cartley Hole Farm, on the south bank of the River Tweed nearer Melrose. The farm had the nickname of "Clarty Hole", and when Scott built a family cottage there in 1812 he named it "Abbotsford". He continued to expand the estate, and built Abbotsford House in a series of extensions.[2]
In 1813 Scott was offered the position of Poet Laureate. He declined, due to concerns that "such an appointment would be a poisoned chalice", as the Laureateship had fallen into disrepute, due to the decline in quality of work suffered by previous title holders, ", as a succession of poetasters had churned out conventional and obsequious odes on royal occasions."[19] He sought advice from the Duke of Buccleuch, who counseled him to retain his literary independence, and the position went to Scott's friend, Robert Southey.[20]
Novelism[edit]




A Legend of Montrose, illustration from the 1872 edition


Although Scott had attained worldwide celebrity through his poetry, he soon tried his hand at documenting his researches into the oral tradition of the Scottish Borders in prose fiction—stories and novels—at the time still considered aesthetically inferior to poetry (above all to such classical genres as the epic or poetic tragedy) as a mimetic vehicle for portraying historical events. In an innovative and astute action, he wrote and published his first novel, Waverley, anonymously in 1814. It was a tale of the Jacobite rising of 1745. Its English protagonist, Edward Waverley, like Don Quixote a great reader of romances, has been brought up by his Tory uncle, who is sympathetic to Jacobitism, although Edward's own father is a Whig. The youthful Waverley obtains a commission in the Whig army and is posted in Dundee. On leave, he meets his uncle's friend, the Jacobite Baron Bradwardine and is attracted to the Baron's daughter Rose. On a visit to the Highlands, Edward overstays his leave and is arrested and charged with desertion but is rescued by the Highland chieftain Fergus MacIvor and his mesmerizing sister Flora, whose devotion to the Stuart cause, "as it exceeded her brother's in fanaticism, excelled it also in purity". Through Flora, Waverley meets Bonnie Prince Charlie, and under her influence goes over to the Jacobite side and takes part in the Battle of Prestonpans. He escapes retribution, however, after saving the life of a Whig colonel during the battle. Waverley (whose surname reflects his divided loyalties) eventually decides to lead a peaceful life of establishment respectability under the House of Hanover rather than live as a proscribed rebel. He chooses to marry the beautiful Rose Bradwardine, rather than cast his lot with the sublime Flora MacIvor, who, after the failure of the '45 rising, retires to a French convent.
There followed a succession of novels over the next five years, each with a Scottish historical setting. Mindful of his reputation as a poet, Scott maintained the anonymity he had begun with Waverley, publishing the novels under the name "Author of Waverley" or as "Tales of..." with no author. Among those familiar with his poetry, his identity became an open secret, but Scott persisted in maintaining the façade, perhaps because he thought his old-fashioned father would disapprove of his engaging in such a trivial pursuit as novel writing. During this time Scott became known by the nickname "The Wizard of the North". In 1815 he was given the honour of dining with George, Prince Regent, who wanted to meet the "Author of Waverley".




"Edgar and Lucie at Mermaiden's well" by Charles Robert Leslie (1886), after Sir Walter Scott's Bride of Lammermoor. Lucie is wearing a full plaid.


Scott's 1819 series Tales of my Landlord is sometimes considered a subset of the Waverley novels and was intended to illustrate aspects of Scottish regional life. Among the best known is The Bride of Lammermoor, a fictionalized version of an actual incident in the history of the Dalrymple family that took place in the Lammermuir Hills in 1669. In the novel, Lucie Ashton and the nobly born but now dispossessed and impoverished Edgar Ravenswood exchange vows. But the Ravenswoods and the wealthy Ashtons, who now own the former Ravenswood lands, are enemies, and Lucie's mother forces her daughter to break her engagement to Edgar and marry the wealthy Sir Arthur Bucklaw. Lucie falls into a depression and on their wedding night stabs the bridegroom, succumbs to insanity, and dies. In 1821, French Romantic painter Eugène Delacroix painted a portrait depicting himself as the melancholy, disinherited Edgar Ravenswood. The prolonged, climactic coloratura mad scene for Lucia in Donizetti's 1835 bel canto opera Lucia di Lammermoor is based on what in the novel were just a few bland sentences.
Tales of my Landlord includes the now highly regarded novel Old Mortality, set in 1679–89 against the backdrop of the ferocious anti-Covenanting campaign of the Tory Graham of Claverhouse, subsequently made Viscount Dundee (called "Bluidy Clavers" by his opponents but later dubbed "Bonnie Dundee" by Scott). The Covenanters were presbyterians who had supported the Restoration of Charles II on promises of a Presbyterian settlement, but he had instead reintroduced Episcopalian church government with draconian penalties for Presbyterian worship. This led to the destitution of around 270 ministers who had refused to take an oath of allegiance and submit themselves to bishops, and who continued to conduct worship among a remnant of their flock in caves and other remote country spots. The relentless persecution of these conventicles and attempts to break them up by military force had led to open revolt. The story is told from the point of view of Henry Morton, a moderate Presbyterian, who is unwittingly drawn into the conflict and barely escapes summary execution. In writing Old Mortality Scott drew upon the knowledge he had acquired from his researches into ballads on the subject for The Minstrelsy of the Scottish Border.[21] Scott's background as a lawyer also informed his perspective, for at the time of the novel, which takes place before the Act of Union of 1707, English law did not apply in Scotland, and afterwards Scotland has continued to have its own Scots law as a hybrid legal system. A recent critic, who is a legal as well as a literary scholar, argues that Old Mortality not only reflects the dispute between Stuart's absolute monarchy and the jurisdiction of the courts, but also invokes a foundational moment in British sovereignty, namely, the Habeas Corpus Act (also known as the Great Writ), passed by the English Parliament in 1679.[22] Oblique reference to the origin of Habeas corpus underlies Scott's next novel, Ivanhoe, set during the era of the creation of the Magna Carta, which political conservatives like Walter Scott and Edmund Burke regarded as rooted in immemorial British custom and precedent.
Ivanhoe (1819), set in 12th-century England, marked a move away from Scott's focus on the local history of Scotland. Based partly on Hume's History of England and the ballad cycle of Robin Hood, Ivanhoe was quickly translated into many languages and inspired countless imitations and theatrical adaptations. Ivanhoe depicts the cruel tyranny of the Norman overlords (Norman Yoke) over the impoverished Saxon populace of England, with two of the main characters, Rowena and Locksley (Robin Hood), representing the dispossessed Saxon aristocracy. When the protagonists are captured and imprisoned by a Norman baron, Scott interrupts the story to exclaim:

It is grievous to think that those valiant barons, to whose stand against the crown the liberties of England were indebted for their existence, should themselves have been such dreadful oppressors, and capable of excesses contrary not only to the laws of England, but to those of nature and humanity. But, alas ...fiction itself can hardly reach the dark reality of the horrors of the period. (Chapter 24.33)

The institution of the Magna Carta, which happens outside the time frame of the story, is portrayed as a progressive (incremental) reform, but also as a step towards the recovery of a lost golden age of liberty endemic to England and the English system. Scott puts a derisive prophecy in the mouth of the jester Wamba:


Norman saw on English oak.
On English neck a Norman yoke;
Norman spoon to English dish,
And England ruled as Normans wish;
Blithe world in England never will be more,
Till England's rid of all the four. (Ivanhoe, Ch. xxvii)


Although on the surface an entertaining escapist romance, alert contemporary readers would have quickly recognised the political subtext of Ivanhoe, which appeared immediately after the English Parliament, fearful of French-style revolution in the aftermath of Waterloo, had passed the Habeas Corpus Suspension acts of 1817 and 1818 and other extremely repressive measures, and when traditional English Charter rights versus revolutionary human rights was a topic of discussion.[23]
Ivanhoe was also remarkable in its sympathetic portrayal of Jewish characters: Rebecca, considered by many critics the book's real heroine, does not in the end get to marry Ivanhoe, whom she loves, but Scott allows her to remain faithful to her own religion, rather than having her convert to Christianity. Likewise, her father, Isaac of York, a Jewish moneylender, is shown as a victim rather than a villain. In Ivanhoe, which is one of Scott's Waverley novels, religious and sectarian fanatics are the villains, while the eponymous hero is a bystander who must weigh the evidence and decide where to take a stand. Scott's positive portrayal of Judaism, which reflects his humanity and concern for religious toleration, also coincided with a contemporary movement for the Emancipation of the Jews in England.
Recovery of the Crown Jewels, baronetcy and ceremonial pageantry[edit]




Rediscovering the 'lost' Honours of Scotland in 1818






George IV landing at Leith in 1822


Scott's fame grew as his explorations and interpretations of Scottish history and society captured popular imagination. Impressed by this, the Prince Regent (the future George IV) gave Scott permission to conduct a search for the Crown Jewels ("Honours of Scotland"). During the years of the Protectorate under Cromwell the Crown Jewels had been hidden away, but had subsequently been used to crown Charles II. They were not used to crown subsequent monarchs, but were regularly taken to sittings of Parliament, to represent the absent monarch, until the Act of Union 1707. Thereafter, the honours were stored in Edinburgh Castle, but the large locked box in which they were stored was not opened for more than 100 years, and stories circulated that they had been "lost" or removed. In 1818, Scott and a small team of military men opened the box, and "unearthed" the honours from the Crown Room in the depths of Edinburgh Castle. A grateful Prince Regent granted Scott the title of baronet,[24] and in March 1820 he received the baronetcy in London, becoming Sir Walter Scott, 1st Baronet.[25]
After George's accession to the throne, the city council of Edinburgh invited Scott, at the King's behest, to stage-manage the 1822 visit of King George IV to Scotland.[24] With only three weeks for planning and execution, Scott created a spectacular and comprehensive pageant, designed not only to impress the King, but also in some way to heal the rifts that had destabilised Scots society. He used the event to contribute to the drawing of a line under an old world that pitched his homeland into regular bouts of bloody strife. He, along with his "production team", mounted what in modern days could be termed a PR event, in which the King was dressed in tartan, and was greeted by his people, many of whom were also dressed in similar tartan ceremonial dress. This form of dress, proscribed after the 1745 rebellion against the English, became one of the seminal, potent and ubiquitous symbols of Scottish identity.[26]
In his novel Kenilworth, Elizabeth I is welcomed to the castle of that name by means of an elaborate pageant, the details of which Scott was well qualified to itemize.
Much of Scott's autograph work shows an almost stream-of-consciousness approach to writing. He included little in the way of punctuation in his drafts, leaving such details to the printers to supply.[27] He eventually acknowledged in 1827 that he was the author of the Waverley Novels.[26]
Financial problems and death[edit]




Sir Walter Scott's grave at Dryburgh Abbey


In 1825 a UK-wide banking crisis resulted in the collapse of the Ballantyne printing business, of which Scott was the only partner with a financial interest; the company's debts of £130,000 (equivalent to £9,600,000 in 2015) caused his very public ruin.[28] Rather than declare himself bankrupt, or to accept any kind of financial support from his many supporters and admirers (including the king himself), he placed his house and income in a trust belonging to his creditors, and determined to write his way out of debt. He kept up his prodigious output of fiction, as well as producing a biography of Napoleon Bonaparte, until 1831. By then his health was failing, but he nevertheless undertook a grand tour of Europe, and was welcomed and celebrated wherever he went. He returned to Scotland and, in September 1832, during the epidemic in Scotland that year, died of typhus[29] at Abbotsford, the home he had designed and had built, near Melrose in the Scottish Borders. (His wife, Lady Scott, had died in 1826 and was buried as an Episcopalian.) Two Presbyterian ministers and one Episcopalian officiated at his funeral.[30] Scott died owing money, but his novels continued to sell, and the debts encumbering his estate were discharged shortly after his death.[28]
Personal life[edit]
Scott's eldest son Lt Walter Scott, inherited his father's estate and possessions. He married Jane Jobson, only daughter of William Jobson of Lochore (died 1822) and his wife Rachel Stuart (died 1863) on 3 February 1825.[31]
Scott, Sr.'s lawyer from at least 1814 was Hay Donaldson WS (died 1822), who was also agent to the Duke of Buccleuch. Scott was Donaldson's proposer when he was elected a Fellow of the Royal Society of Edinburgh.[32]
His distant cousin was the poet Randall Swingler.
Abbotsford[edit]




Abbotsford House






Tomb of Walter Scott, in Dryburgh Abbey by Henry Fox Talbot, 1844


When Scott was a boy, he sometimes travelled with his father from Selkirk to Melrose, where some of his novels are set. At a certain spot the old gentleman would stop the carriage and take his son to a stone on the site of the Battle of Melrose (1526).[33]
During the summers from 1804, Scott made his home at the large house of Ashestiel, on the south bank of the River Tweed 6 miles (9.7 km) north of Selkirk. When his lease on this property expired in 1811, Scott bought Cartley Hole Farm, downstream on the Tweed nearer Melrose. The farm had the nickname of "Clarty Hole", and when Scott built a family cottage there in 1812 he named it "Abbotsford". He continued to expand the estate, and built Abbotsford House in a series of extensions.[2] The farmhouse developed into a wonderful home that has been likened to a fairy palace. Scott was a pioneer of the Scottish Baronial style of architecture, therefore Abbotsford is festooned with turrets and stepped gabling. Through windows enriched with the insignia of heraldry the sun shone on suits of armour, trophies of the chase, a library of more than 9,000 volumes, fine furniture, and still finer pictures. Panelling of oak and cedar and carved ceilings relieved by coats of arms in their correct colours added to the beauty of the house.[34][verification needed]
It is estimated that the building cost Scott more than £25,000 (equivalent to £1,900,000 in 2015). More land was purchased until Scott owned nearly 1,000 acres (4.0 km2). A Roman road with a ford near Melrose used in olden days by the abbots of Melrose suggested the name of Abbotsford. Scott was buried in Dryburgh Abbey, where his wife had earlier been interred. Nearby is a large statue of William Wallace, one of Scotland's many romanticised historical figures.[35] Abbotsford later gave its name to the Abbotsford Club, founded in 1834 in memory of Sir Walter Scott.[36]
Legacy[edit]


Part of the Politics series on


Toryism







Characteristics


Monarchism
Traditionalism
High Church Anglicanism
Traditional Catholicism
Loyalism
Royalism
Interventionism
Agrarianism/Self-sufficiency
Counterrevolution
Classicism
High culture
Noblesse oblige
Organic unity
Unionism








General topics


Cavaliers
Cavalier Parliament
Château Clique
Jacobitism
Divine right of kings
Corporatism
Family Compact (Canada)
Oxford Movement
Powellism








People


Robert Filmer
1st Earl of Clarendon
Roger L'Estrange
1st Earl of Rochester
1st Viscount Bolingbroke
3rd Earl of Bute
1st Duke of Wellington
Walter Scott
Stanley Baldwin
G. K. Chesterton
Winston Churchill
Enoch Powell
George Grant








Related topics


Conservatism
Distributists
Miguelism
Vendéens
Chouans
Legitimism
Carlism
Sanfedismo
Viva Maria
Cristeros
Reactionary
High Tory
Red Tory
Loyalist
Royalist
Veronese Easter
Tory corporatism
Tory socialism
Pink Tory
Ultra-Tories









v
t
e





Later assessment[edit]







Although he continued to be extremely popular and widely read, both at home and abroad,[37] Scott's critical reputation declined in the last half of the 19th century as serious writers turned from romanticism to realism, and Scott began to be regarded as an author suitable for children. This trend accelerated in the 20th century. For example, in his classic study Aspects of the Novel (1927), E. M. Forster harshly criticized Scott's clumsy and slapdash writing style, "flat" characters, and thin plots. In contrast, the novels of Scott's contemporary Jane Austen, once appreciated only by the discerning few (including, as it happened, Sir Walter Scott himself) rose steadily in critical esteem, though Austen, as a female writer, was still faulted for her narrow ("feminine") choice of subject matter, which, unlike Scott, avoided the grand historical themes traditionally viewed as masculine.
Nevertheless, Scott's importance as an innovator continued to be recognized. He was acclaimed as the inventor of the genre of the modern historical novel (which others trace to Jane Porter, whose work in the genre predates Scott's) and the inspiration for enormous numbers of imitators and genre writers both in Britain and on the European continent. In the cultural sphere, Scott's Waverley novels played a significant part in the movement (begun with James Macpherson's Ossian cycle) in rehabilitating the public perception of the Scottish Highlands and its culture, which had been formally suppressed as barbaric, and viewed in the southern mind as a breeding ground of hill bandits, religious fanaticism, and Jacobite rebellions. Scott served as chairman of the Royal Society of Edinburgh and was also a member of the Royal Celtic Society. His own contribution to the reinvention of Scottish culture was enormous, even though his re-creations of the customs of the Highlands were fanciful at times, despite his extensive travels around his native country. It is a testament to Scott's contribution in creating a unified identity for Scotland that Edinburgh's central railway station, opened in 1854 by the North British Railway, is called Waverley. The fact that Scott was a Lowland Presbyterian, rather than a Gaelic-speaking Catholic Highlander, made him more acceptable to a conservative English reading public. Scott's novels were certainly influential in the making of the Victorian craze for all things Scottish among British royalty, who were anxious to claim legitimacy through their rather attenuated historical connection with the royal house of Stuart.[citation needed]
At the time Scott wrote, Scotland was poised to move away from an era of socially divisive clan warfare to a modern world of literacy and industrial capitalism. Through the medium of Scott's novels, the violent religious and political conflicts of the country's recent past could be seen as belonging to history—which Scott defined, as the subtitle of Waverley ("'Tis Sixty Years Since") indicates, as something that happened at least 60 years ago. Scott's advocacy of objectivity and moderation and his strong repudiation of political violence on either side also had a strong, though unspoken, contemporary resonance in an era when many conservative English speakers lived in mortal fear of a revolution in the French style on British soil. Scott's orchestration of King George IV's visit to Scotland, in 1822, was a pivotal event intended to inspire a view of his home country that, in his view, accentuated the positive aspects of the past while allowing the age of quasi-medieval blood-letting to be put to rest, while envisioning a more useful, peaceful future.
After Scott's work had been essentially unstudied for many decades, a revival of critical interest began from the 1960s. Postmodern tastes favoured discontinuous narratives and the introduction of the "first person", yet they were more favourable to Scott's work than Modernist tastes. While F. R. Leavis had disdained Scott, seeing him as a thoroughly bad novelist and a thoroughly bad influence (The Great Tradition [1948]), György Lukács (The Historical Novel [1937, trans. 1962]) and David Daiches (Scott's Achievement as a Novelist [1951]) offered a Marxian political reading of Scott's fiction that generated a great deal of genuine interest in his work. Scott is now seen as an important innovator and a key figure in the development of Scottish and world literature, and particularly as the inventor of the historical novel.[38]
Memorials and commemoration[edit]




The Scott Monument on Edinburgh's Princes Street






Statue by Sir John Steell on the Scott Monument in Edinburgh






Scott Monument in Glasgow's George Square






Statue on the Glasgow monument


During his lifetime, Scott's portrait was painted by Sir Edwin Landseer and fellow-Scots Sir Henry Raeburn and James Eckford Lauder. In Edinburgh, the 61.1-metre-tall Victorian Gothic spire of the Scott Monument was designed by George Meikle Kemp. It was completed in 1844, 12 years after Scott's death, and dominates the south side of Princes Street. Scott is also commemorated on a stone slab in Makars' Court, outside The Writers' Museum, Lawnmarket, Edinburgh, along with other prominent Scottish writers; quotes from his work are also visible on the Canongate Wall of the Scottish Parliament building in Holyrood. There is a tower dedicated to his memory on Corstorphine Hill in the west of the city and, as mentioned, Edinburgh's Waverley railway station takes its name from one of his novels.
In Glasgow, Walter Scott's Monument dominates the centre of George Square, the main public square in the city. Designed by David Rhind in 1838, the monument features a large column topped by a statue of Scott.[39] There is a statue of Scott in New York City's Central Park.[40]
Numerous Masonic Lodges have been named after him and his novels. For example: Lodge Sir Walter Scott, No.859, (Perth, Australia) and Lodge Waverly, No.597, (Edinburgh, Scotland).[41]
The annual Walter Scott Prize for Historical Fiction was created in 2010 by the Duke and Duchess of Buccleuch, whose ancestors were closely linked to Sir Walter Scott. At £25,000 it is one of the largest prizes in British literature. The award has been presented at Scott's historic home, Abbotsford House.
Scott has been credited with rescuing the Scottish banknote. In 1826, there was outrage in Scotland at the attempt of Parliament to prevent the production of banknotes of less than five pounds. Scott wrote a series of letters to the Edinburgh Weekly Journal under the pseudonym "Malachi Malagrowther" for retaining the right of Scottish banks to issue their own banknotes. This provoked such a response that the Government was forced to relent and allow the Scottish banks to continue printing pound notes. This campaign is commemorated by his continued appearance on the front of all notes issued by the Bank of Scotland. The image on the 2007 series of banknotes is based on the portrait by Henry Raeburn.[42]
During and immediately after World War I there was a movement spearheaded by President Wilson and other eminent people to inculcate patriotism in American school children, especially immigrants, and to stress the American connection with the literature and institutions of the "mother country" of Great Britain, using selected readings in middle school textbooks.[43] Scott's Ivanhoe continued to be required reading for many American high school students until the end of the 1950s.
A bust of Scott is in the Hall of Heroes of the National Wallace Monument in Stirling.
Literature by other authors[edit]
In Charles Baudelaire's La Fanfarlo (1847), poet Samuel Cramer says of Scott:

Oh that tedious author, a dusty exhumer of chronicles! A fastidious mass of descriptions of bric-a-brac ... and castoff things of every sort, armor, tableware, furniture, gothic inns, and melodramatic castles where lifeless mannequins stalk about, dressed in leotards.

In the novella, however, Cramer proves as deluded a romantic as any hero in one of Scott's novels.[44]
In Anne Brontë's The Tenant of Wildfell Hall (1848) the narrator, Gilbert Markham, brings an elegantly bound copy of Marmion as a present to the independent "tenant of Wildfell Hall" (Helen Graham) whom he is courting, and is mortified when she insists on paying for it.
In a speech delivered at Salem, Massachusetts, on 6 January 1860, to raise money for the families of the executed abolitionist John Brown and his followers, Ralph Waldo Emerson calls Brown an example of true chivalry, which consists not in noble birth but in helping the weak and defenseless and declares that "Walter Scott would have delighted to draw his picture and trace his adventurous career".[45]
In his 1870 memoir, Army Life in a Black Regiment, New England abolitionist Thomas Wentworth Higginson (later editor of Emily Dickinson), described how he wrote down and preserved Negro spirituals or "shouts" while serving as a colonel in the First South Carolina Volunteers, the first authorized Union Army regiment recruited from freedmen during the Civil War (memorialized in the 1989 film Glory). He wrote that he was "a faithful student of the Scottish ballads, and had always envied Sir Walter the delight of tracing them out amid their own heather, and of writing them down piecemeal from the lips of aged crones".
According to his daughter Eleanor, Scott was "an author to whom Karl Marx again and again returned, whom he admired and knew as well as he did Balzac and Fielding".[46]
In his 1883 Life on the Mississippi, Mark Twain satirized the impact of Scott's writings, declaring (with humorous hyperbole) that Scott "had so large a hand in making Southern character, as it existed before the [American Civil] war", that he is "in great measure responsible for the war".[47] He goes on to coin the term "Sir Walter Scott disease", which he blames for the South's lack of advancement. Twain also targeted Scott in Adventures of Huckleberry Finn, where he names a sinking boat the "Walter Scott" (1884); and, in A Connecticut Yankee in King Arthur's Court (1889), the main character repeatedly utters "great Scott" as an oath; by the end of the book, however, he has become absorbed in the world of knights in armor, reflecting Twain's ambivalence on the topic.
The idyllic Cape Cod retreat of suffragists Verena Tarrant and Olive Chancellor in Henry James' The Bostonians (1886) is called Marmion, evoking what James considered the Quixotic idealism of these social reformers.
In To the Lighthouse by Virginia Woolf, Mrs. Ramsey glances at her husband:

He was reading something that moved him very much ... He was tossing the pages over. He was acting it – perhaps he was thinking himself the person in the book. She wondered what book it was. Oh, it was one of old Sir Walter’s she saw, adjusting the shade of her lamp so that the light fell on her knitting. For Charles Tansley had been saying (she looked up as if she expected to hear the crash of books on the floor above) that people don’t read Scott any more. Then her husband thought, “That’s what they’ll say of me;” so he went and got one of those books ... [Scott's] feeling for straight forward simple things, these fishermen, the poor old crazed creature in Mucklebackit’s cottage [in The Antiquary] made him feel so vigorous, so relieved of something that he felt roused and triumphant and could not choke back his tears ... It fortified him. He clean forgot all the little rubs and digs of the evening ... and his being so irritable with his wife and so touchy and minding when they passed his books over as if they didn’t exist at all. Raising the book a little to hide his face, he let them fall and shook his head from side to side and forgot himself completely (but not one or two reflections about morality and French novels and English novels and Scott’s hands being tied but his view perhaps being as true as the other view), forgot his own bothers and failures completely in poor Steenie’s drowning and Mucklebackit’s sorrow (that was Scott at his best) and the astonishing delight and feeling of vigor that it gave him. Well, let them improve upon that, he thought as he finished the chapter ... The whole of life did not consist in going to bed with a woman, he thought, returning to Scott and Balzac, to the English novel and the French novel.

In 1951, science-fiction author Isaac Asimov wrote Breeds There a Man...?, a short story with a title alluding vividly to Scott's The Lay of the Last Minstrel (1805).
In To Kill a Mockingbird (1960), the protagonist's brother is made to read Walter Scott's book Ivanhoe to the ailing Mrs. Henry Lafayette Dubose, and he refers to the author as "Sir Walter Scout", in reference to his own sister's nickname.
In Mother Night (1961) by Kurt Vonnegut, Jr., memoirist and playwright Howard W. Campbell, Jr., prefaces his text with the six lines beginning "Breathes there the man..."
In Knights of the Sea (2010) by Canadian author Paul Marlowe, there are several quotes from and references to Marmion, as well as an inn named after Ivanhoe, and a fictitious Scott novel entitled The Beastmen of Glen Glammoch.
Bibliography[edit]




Sir Walter Scott by Robert Scott Moncrieff.


Novels[edit]
The Waverley Novels is the title given to the long series of Scott novels released from 1814 to 1832 which takes its name from the first novel, Waverley. The following is a chronological list of the entire series:

1814: Waverley
1815: Guy Mannering
1816: The Antiquary
1816: The Black Dwarf and The Tale of Old Mortality – the 1st installment from the subset series, Tales of My Landlord
1817: Rob Roy
1818: The Heart of Midlothian – the 2nd installment from the subset series, Tales of My Landlord
1819: The Bride of Lammermoor and A Legend of Montrose – the 3rd installment from the subset series, Tales of My Landlord
1820: Ivanhoe
1820: The Monastery and The Abbot – from the subset series, Tales from Benedictine Sources
1821: Kenilworth
1822: The Pirate
1822: The Fortunes of Nigel
1822: Peveril of the Peak
1823: Quentin Durward
1824: St. Ronan's Well
1824: Redgauntlet
1825: The Betrothed and The Talisman – from the subset series, Tales of the Crusaders
1826: Woodstock
1828: The Fair Maid of Perth – the 2nd installment from the subset series, Chronicles of the Canongate (sometimes not considered as part of the Waverley Novels series)
1829: Anne of Geierstein
1832: Count Robert of Paris and Castle Dangerous – the 4th installment from the subset series, Tales of My Landlord

Other novels:

1831–1832: The Siege of Malta – a finished novel published posthumously in 2008
1832: Bizarro – an unfinished novel (or novella) published posthumously in 2008

Poetry[edit]
Many of the short poems or songs released by Scott were originally not separate pieces but parts of longer poems interspersed throughout his novels, tales, and dramas.

1796: "The Chase" – an English-language translation of the German-language poem by Gottfried August Bürger entitled "Der Wilde Jäger" (or, "The Wild Huntsmen", its more common English translation), first of the translations and imitations from German ballads by Scott
1802–1803: "The Minstrelsy of the Scottish Border"
1805: "The Lay of the Last Minstrel"
1806: "Ballads and Lyrical Pieces"
1808: "Marmion"
1810: "The Lady of the Lake"
1811: "The Vision of Don Roderick"
1813: "The Bridal of Triermain"
1813: "Rokeby"
1815: "The Field of Waterloo"
1815: "The Lord of the Isles"
1817: "Harold the Dauntless"

Short stories[edit]

1827: "The Highland Widow", "The Two Drovers", and "The Surgeon's Daughter" – the 1st installment from the series, Chronicles of the Canongate
1828: "My Aunt Margaret's Mirror", "The Tapestried Chamber", and "Death of the Laird's Jock" – from the series, The Keepsake Stories

Plays[edit]

1799: Goetz of Berlichingen, with the Iron Hand: A Tragedy – an English-language translation of the 1773 German-language play by Johann Wolfgang von Goethe entitled Götz von Berlichingen
1822: Halidon Hill
1823: MacDuff's Cross
1830: The Doom of Devorgoil
1830: Auchindrane

Non-fiction[edit]

1796 Translations & imitations of German Ballads Librivox audio
1814–1817: The Border Antiquities of England and Scotland – a work co-authored by Luke Clennell and John Greig with Scott's contribution consisting of the substantial introductory essay, originally published in 2 volumes from 1814 to 1817
1815–1824: Essays on Chivalry, Romance, and Drama – a supplement to the 1815–1824 editions of the Encyclopædia Britannica
1816: Paul's Letters to his Kinsfolk
1819–1826: Provincial Antiquities of Scotland
1821–1824: Lives of the Novelists
1825–1832: The Journal of Sir Walter Scott
1826: The Letters of Malachi Malagrowther
1827: The Life of Napoleon Buonaparte
1828: Religious Discourses
1828: Tales of a Grandfather; Being Stories Taken from Scottish History – the 1st installment from the series, Tales of a Grandfather
1829: The History of Scotland: Volume I
1829: Tales of a Grandfather; Being Stories Taken from Scottish History – the 2nd installment from the series, Tales of a Grandfather
1830: Essays on Ballad Poetry
1830: The History of Scotland: Volume II
1830: Tales of a Grandfather; Being Stories Taken from Scottish History – the 3rd installment from the series, Tales of a Grandfather
1830: Letters on Demonology and Witchcraft
1831: Tales of a Grandfather; Being Stories Taken from the History of France – the 4th installment from the series, Tales of a Grandfather

See also[edit]



Wikiquote has quotations related to: Walter Scott





Wikisource has original works written by or about:
Walter Scott




Poetry portal



Operas inspired by Walter Scott
Jedediah Cleishbotham (fictional editor of Tales of My Landlord, and Scott's alter ego)
G. A. Henty
Alessandro Manzoni
Alexandre Dumas, père
Karl May
Baroness Orczy
Rafael Sabatini
Emilio Salgari
Samuel Shellabarger
Lawrence Schoonover
Jules Verne
Frank Yerby
GWR Waverley Class steam locomotives
"Famous Scots Series"
Principal Clerk of Session and Justiciary
Writers' Museum

References[edit]


^ "Family Background". Retrieved 2011-04-09. 
^ a b c d e Edinburgh University Library (22 October 2004). "Homes of Sir Walter Scott". x Edinburgh University Library. Retrieved 9 July 2013. 
^ Cone, T E (1973). "Was Sir Walter Scott's Lameness Caused by Poliomyelitis?". Pediatrics. 51 (1): 33. 
^ Robertson, Fiona. "Disfigurement and Disability: Walter Scott’s Bodies". Otranto.co.uk. Retrieved 9 May 2014. 
^ a b "Sandyknowe and Early Childhood". Retrieved 2011-04-09. 
^ "No 1 Nos 2 and 3 (Farrell's Hotel) Nos 4 to 8 (consec) (Pratt's Hotel)". Images of England. English Heritage. Retrieved 29 July 2009. 
^ a b "School and University". Walterscott.lib.ed.ac.uk. 24 October 2003. Retrieved 29 November 2009. 
^ "Literary Beginnings". Walterscott.lib.ed.ac.uk. 11 December 2007. Retrieved 29 November 2009. 
^ Walter, Sir Walter (2012). The Lady of the Lake. Lititz, PA: AP Publishing House. p. 308. ISBN 9781105941573. Retrieved 22 November 2016. 
^ BBC profile
^ Leslie C. R. Letter to Miss C Leslie dated 26 June 1820 in Autobiographical recollections ed. Tom Taylor, Ticknor & Fields, Boston 1855
^ 1st Lothians and Border Yeomanry
^ http://www.walterscott.lib.ed.ac.uk/biography/chronology.html
^ Edinburgh Archive – Family
^ Cooper, Robert L D, Ed. 2010. Famous Scottish Freemasons, pp 58–59. ISBN 978-0-9560933-8-7
^ Edinburgh Archive – Ballantyne Brothers
^ The early editions of Marmion use Scott's original spelling of "practice" (still used in the U.S.A). Later editions, compiled without Scott's oversight, usually favour the modern standard British English spelling of "practise".
^ Hay, James (1899). Sir Walter Scott. London. p. 258. ISBN 978-1278170947. Retrieved 22 November 2016. 
^ http://www.walterscott.lib.ed.ac.uk/biography/poet.html
^ "Scott the Poet". Walterscott.lib.ed.ac.uk. 11 December 2007. Retrieved 29 November 2009. 
^ See Old Mortality on the University of Edinburgh Walter Scott website.
^ See Amy Witherbee, in "Habeas Corpus: British Imaginations of Power in Walter Scott's Old Mortality", New Literary History 39 (2008): 355–67, writes:

By the 1670s, conﬂicts between religious dissidents and the Stuart Crown had given way to a Crown policy of seizing and imprisoning opponents without recourse to the courts. In 1679, this policy of using extrajudicial imprisonments to quell rebellion ﬁnally provoked the English Parliament to pass the Act of Habeas Corpus in England. Usually translated as “produce the body,” habeas corpus could be invoked by any subject to require that the king or his agents produce the body of a prisoner for adjudication before the courts. In its barest terms the Great Writ protected a subject from indeﬁnite terms of imprisonment, from imprisonment outside the kingdom, or from imprisonment without cause. It did so by asserting the jurisdiction of the courts as superior to the executive powers of the king. The Act was thus part of a long debate within the three kingdoms about the relationship of king to law and vice versa.


^ Witherbee (2008), pp. 363–64. Habeas corpus had been suspended in the mid-1790s at the time of the French Revolution by William Pitt, who had called the French declaration of human rights "monstrous". Widely publicised trials for sedition took place in Edinburgh (1793) and in London (1794) John Thelwall and two others were charged with treason. The Scottish defendants received harsh sentences whereas the English ones were acquitted. According to historian Anne Stott: "The difference between the English and Scottish trials reflects the different legal systems. Ironically, the acquittals made the loyalist case—that England was a country where a man could have a fair trial."
^ a b "Chronology of Walter Scott's life". Walter Scott Digital Archive. Retrieved 2 May 2015. 
^ "The Abbot". Walter Scott Digital Archive. Retrieved 2 May 2015. Scott had travelled to London in March [1820] to receive his baronetcy 
^ a b "Walter Scott Digital Archive – Chronology". Walterscott.lib.ed.ac.uk. 13 Oct 2008. Retrieved 29 Nov 2009. 
^ Stuart Kelly quoted by Arnold Zwicky in The Book of Lost Books
^ a b McKinstry, Sam; Fletcher, Marie (2002). "The Personal Account Books of Sir Walter Scott". The Accounting Historians Journal. 29: 59–89. JSTOR 40698269.  (subscription required)
^ London Medical and Surgical Journal, January 1833
^ Edinburgh Profile, Financial Hardship
^ Monuments and monumental inscriptions in Scotland: The Grampian Society, 1871
^ BIOGRAPHICAL INDEX OF FORMER FELLOWS OF THE ROYAL SOCIETY OF EDINBURGH 1783 – 2002 (PDF). The Royal Society of Edinburgh. July 2006. ISBN 0 902 198 84 X. 
^ Lockhart, John Gibson (1837). Memoirs of the Life of Sir Walter Scott, Bart. Philadelphia. p. 1.397. Retrieved 7 November 2016. 
^ Abbotsford House website.
^ Scott, Sir Walter; Grant, George (2001). From Bannockburn to Flodden: Wallace, Bruce, and the Heroes of Medieval Scotland. Nashville: Cumberland. p. viii. ISBN 978-1581821277. 
^ The Oxford Companion to English Literature, 6th Edition. Edited by Margaret Drabble, Oxford University Press, 2000 Pp1
^ "…it would be difficult to name, from among both modern and ancient works, many read more widely and with greater pleasure than the historical novels of … Walter Scott." – Alessandro Manzoni, On the Historical Novel.
^ Higgins, Charlotte (16 August 2010). "Scotland's image-maker Sir Walter Scott 'invented English legends'". The Guardian. London. Retrieved 2011-04-09. 
^ "Glasgow, George Square, Walter Scott's Monument". Retrieved 2011-04-09. 
^ New York monument
^ Grand Lodge of Scotland Year Book. 2014. pp 25 & 34. ISBN 0902324-86-1
^ Scottish Banks
^ For example, see the textbook compiled by Emma Serl and William J. Pelo, American Ideals: Selected Patriotic Readings for Seventh and Eighth Grades, introduction by Charles W. Eliot, President Emeritus of Harvard (Gregg Publishing, 1919).
^ See Francis S. Heck, “Baudelaire's La Fanfarlo: An Example of Romantic Irony”, The French Review 49: 3 (1976): 328–36.
^ Kenneth S. Sacks, editor, Emerson: Political Writings (Cambridge Texts in the History of Political Thought) (Cambridge University Press, 2008), p, 193.
^ S.S. Prawer, Karl Marx and World Literature, Oxford, 1976, p.386.
^ Twain, Mark. "Life on the Mississippi", Chapter 46


Further reading[edit]

Bautz, Annika. Reception of Jane Austen and Walter Scott: A Comparative Longitudinal Study. Continuum, 2007. ISBN 0-8264-9546-X, ISBN 978-0-8264-9546-4.
Brown, David. Walter Scott and the Historical Imagination. Routledge, 1979, ISBN 0-7100-0301-3; Kindle ed. 2013.
Buchan, John. Sir Walter Scott, Coward-McCann Inc., New York, 1932.
Cornish, Sidney W. The "Waverley" Manual; or, Handbook of the Chief Characters, Incidents, and Descriptions in the "Waverley" Novels, with Critical Breviates from Various Sources. Edinburgh: A. and C. Black, 1871.
Duncan, Ian. Scott's Shadow: The Novel in Romantic Edinburgh. Princeton UP, 2007. ISBN 978-0-691-04383-8.
Kelly, Stuart. Scott-Land: The Man Who Invented a Nation. Polygon, 2010. ISBN 978-1-84697-107-5.
Lincoln, Andrew. Walter Scott And Modernity. Edinburgh UP, 2007.
Stephen, Leslie (1898). "The Story of Scott's Ruin". Studies of a Biographer. 2. London: Duckworth & Co. 
Letitia Elizabeth Landon The Female Portrait Gallery. A series of 22 analyses of Scott's female characters (sadly curtailed by Letitia's untimely death in 1838). Laman Blanchard: Life and Literary Remains of L.E.L., 1841. Vol. 2. pp. 81–194.

External links[edit]


Library resources about
Walter Scott





Resources in your library
Resources in other libraries





Find more aboutWalter Scottat Wikipedia's sister projects

Media from Commons
Quotations from Wikiquote
Texts from Wikisource
Data from Wikidata



Sir Walter Scott and Hinx, his Cat
Walter Scott Digital Archive at the University of Edinburgh.
The Edinburgh Sir Walter Scott Club
Sir Walter Scott, biography by Richard H. Hutton, 1878 (from Project Gutenberg)
Works by Walter Scott at Project Gutenberg
Works by or about Walter Scott at Internet Archive
Works by Walter Scott at LibriVox (public domain audiobooks) 
Works by Walter Scott at The Online Books Page
 Chisholm, Hugh, ed. (1911). "Scott, Sir Walter". Encyclopædia Britannica (11th ed.). Cambridge University Press. 
Walter Scott's profile and catalogue of his library at Abbotsford on LibraryThing.
Guardian Books - Sir Walter Scott
Portraits at the National Portrait Gallery
Bust of Walter Scott by Sir Francis Leggatt Chantrey, 1828, white marble, Philadelphia Museum of Art, # 2002.222.1, Philadelphia (PA).
Millgate Union Catalogue of Walter Scott Correspondence
Correspondence of Sir Walter Scott, with related papers, ca. 1807–1929


Arms of Sir Walter Scott




Crest
A nymph, in her dexter hand a sun in splendour, in her sinister a crescent (moon)
Escutcheon
Quarterly; 1st & 4th or two mullets in chief and a crescent in base azure within an orle azure (Scott); 2nd & 3rd or on a bend azure three mascles or, in sinister chief point a buckle or (Haliburton); escutcheon of the Hand of Ulster
Supporters
Dexter a mermaid holding in the exterior hand a mirror proper; Sinister a savage wreathed around the head and middle, holding in the exterior hand a club
Motto
(above) Reparabit cornua phoebe - the moon shall fill her horns again
(below) Watch weel






Baronetage of the United Kingdom


New title
Baronet(of Abbotsford)
1st creation
1820–1832
Next:
Sir Walter Scott








v
t
e


Works by Walter Scott



Novels



Waverley (1814)
Guy Mannering (1815)
The Antiquary (1816)
The Black Dwarf (1816)
Old Mortality (1816)
Rob Roy (1817)
The Heart of Midlothian (1818)
The Bride of Lammermoor (1819)
A Legend of Montrose (1819)
Ivanhoe (1819)
The Monastery (1820)
The Abbot (1820)
Kenilworth (1821)
The Pirate (1821)
The Fortunes of Nigel (1822)
Peveril of the Peak (1823)
Quentin Durward (1823)
St. Ronan's Well (1823)
Redgauntlet (1824)
The Betrothed (1825)
The Talisman (1825)
Woodstock (1826)
The Fair Maid of Perth (1828)
Anne of Geierstein (1829)
Count Robert of Paris (1831)
Castle Dangerous (1831)
The Siege of Malta (1831-1832, pub. posthumously 2008)
Bizarro (1832, pub. posthumously 2008)





Poetry



Translations and Imitations from German Ballads (1796-1819)
"Glenfinlas" (1800)
The Minstrelsy of the Scottish Border (1802-1803)
The Lay of the Last Minstrel (1805)
Ballads and Lyrical Pieces (1806)
Marmion (1808)
The Lady of the Lake (1810)
The Vision of Don Roderick (1811)
The Bridal of Triermain (1813)
Rokeby (1813)
The Field of Waterloo (1815)
The Lord of the Isles (1815)
Harold the Dauntless (1817)





Short stories



Chronicles of the Canongate, 1st series (1827)
The Keepsake Stories (1828)





Plays



Halidon Hill (1822)
MacDuff's Cross (1823)
The Doom of Devorgoil (1830)
Auchindrane, or, The Ayrshire Tragedy (1830)





Non-fiction



The Journal (1825-1832)
Tales of a Grandfather (1828-1831)





People



James Ballantyne
Lord Byron
James Hogg
William Laidlaw
John Gibson Lockhart
Robert Southey
William Wordsworth





Characters



Jedediah Cleishbotham
Jeanie Deans
Dryasdust
Lord Glenallan
Saunders Mucklebackit
Edie Ochiltree
Jonathan Oldbuck
Dominie Sampson
Sir Arthur Wardour





Related



Abbotsford House
Dandie Dinmont Terrier
"Hail to the Chief"
Kennaquhair
Scott Monument
Scott's View
Sir Walter Scott Way
Walter Scott Prize
Writers' Museum












v
t
e


Walter Scott's Ivanhoe



Opera



Ivanhoé
Der Templer und die Jüdin
Il templario
Ivanhoe





Films



Ivanhoe (1913 British)
Ivanhoe (1913 American)
Ivanhoe (1952)
Ivanhoe (1982)
The Ballad of the Valiant Knight Ivanhoe (1983)





Television



Ivanhoe (1958)
Ivanhoe (1970)
Young Ivanhoe (1995)
Ivanhoe (1997)





Related



The Betrothed
Ravenskull












v
t
e


Romanticism



Countries



Denmark
England (literature)
France (literature)
Germany
Norway
Poland
Russia (literature)
Scotland





Movements



Bohemianism
Counter-Enlightenment
Dark romanticism
Düsseldorf School
Gesamtkunstwerk
Gothic fiction
Gothic Revival (architecture)
Hudson River School
Indianism
Nazarene movement
Ossian
Romantic hero
Romanticism in science
Romantic nationalism
Opium and Romanticism
Transcendentalism
Ultra-Romanticism
Wallenrodism





Writers



Abovian
Alencar
Alfieri
Andersen
A. v. Arnim
B. v. Arnim
Azevedo
Baratashvili
Baratynsky
Barbauld (Aikin)
Batyushkov
Baudelaire
Beer
Bertrand
Blake
Botev
Brentano
Bryant
Burns
Byron
Castelo Branco
Castilho
Cazotte
Chateaubriand
Chavchavadze
Clare
Coleridge
Cooper
De Quincey
Dias
Dumas
Eichendorff
Emerson
Eminescu
Espronceda
Fouqué
Foscolo
Garrett
Gautier
Goethe
Grimm Brothers
Gutzkow
Hauff
Hawthorne
Heine
Heliade
Herculano
Hoffmann
Hölderlin
Hugo
Ilić
Irving
Jakšić
Jean Paul
Karamzin
Keats
Kleist
Krasiński
Lamartine
Larra
Leopardi
Lermontov
Lowell
Macedonski
Mácha
Magalhães
Malczewski
Manzoni
Maturin
Mickiewicz
Musset
Nalbandian
Nerval
Nodier
Norwid
Novalis
Oehlenschläger
Orbeliani
Poe
Polidori
Potocki
Prešeren
Pushkin
Raffi
Schiller
Schwab
Scott
Seward
M. Shelley
P. B. Shelley
Shevchenko
Słowacki
De Staël
Stendhal
Tieck
Tyutchev
Uhland
Vörösmarty
Vyazemsky
Wordsworth
Zhukovsky
Zorrilla





Music



Adam
Alkan
Auber
Beethoven
Bellini
Bennett
Berlioz
Bertin
Berwald
Brahms
Bruckner
Chopin
Dargomyzhsky
Félicien David
Ferdinand David
Donizetti
Fauré
Field
Franck
Franz
Glinka
Gomis
Halévy
Kalkbrenner
Liszt
Loewe
Marschner
Masarnau
Méhul
Fanny Mendelssohn
Felix Mendelssohn
Méreaux
Meyerbeer
Moniuszko
Moscheles
Mussorgsky
Niedermeyer
Onslow
Paganini
Prudent
Reicha
Rimsky-Korsakov
Rossini
Rubinstein
Schubert
Clara Schumann
Robert Schumann
Smetana
Sor
Spohr
Spontini
Thalberg
Verdi
Voříšek
Wagner
Weber






Theologians and
philosophers




Chaadayev
Coleridge
Feuerbach
Fichte
Goethe
Hegel
Khomyakov
Müller
Ritschl
Rousseau
Schiller
A. Schlegel
F. Schlegel
Schopenhauer
Schleiermacher
Tieck
Wackenroder





Visual artists



Aivazovsky
Bierstadt
Blake
Bonington
Bryullov
Chassériau
Church
Constable
Cole
Corot
Dahl
David d'Angers
Delacroix
Friedrich
Fuseli
Géricault
Girodet
Głowacki
Goya
Gude
Hayez
Janmot
Jones
Kiprensky
Koch
Lampi
Leutze
Loutherbourg
Maison
Martin
Michałowski
Palmer
Porto-Alegre
Préault
Révoil
Richard
Rude
Runge
Saleh
Scheffer
Stattler
Stroj
Tidemand
Tropinin
Turner
Veit
Ward
Wiertz







 « Age of Enlightenment
Realism » 








Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 95207079
LCCN: n78095541
ISNI: 0000 0001 2144 1874
GND: 118612409
SELIBR: 211278
SUDOC: 027129489
BNF: cb11924221r (data)
BIBSYS: 90058655
ULAN: 500069589
MusicBrainz: 627f5ca8-c745-4e1c-a646-facdfe1cabdf
NLA: 35486165
NDL: 00455918
NKC: jn19990007395
ICCU: IT\ICCU\CFIV\006674
RLS: 000081966
BNE: XX913959
RKD: 254119










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Walter_Scott&oldid=790381674"					
Categories: Walter Scott1771 births1832 deaths18th-century Scottish poets19th-century antiquarians19th-century biographers19th-century judges19th-century Scottish lawyers19th-century Scottish novelists19th-century Scottish poetsAlumni of the University of EdinburghBaronets in the Baronetage of the United KingdomBritish literary editorsBritish medievalistsClan ScottElders of the Church of ScotlandFellows of the Royal Society of EdinburghHistorians of ScotlandLiterary critics of EnglishMembers of The ClubMembers of the Faculty of AdvocatesMembers of the Royal Company of ArchersPeople educated at Kelso High SchoolPeople educated at the Royal High School, EdinburghWriters from EdinburghPeople of the Scottish EnlightenmentPresidents of the Royal Society of EdinburghPrincipal Clerks of Session and JusticiaryRomantic poetsScott family of AbbotsfordScottish biographersScottish diaristsScottish folkloristsScottish FreemasonsScottish historical novelistsScottish literary criticsScottish sheriffsScottish people with disabilitiesScottish publishers (people)Scottish song collectorsScottish translatorsWriters of Arthurian literatureWriters of historical fiction set in the Middle AgesWriters of historical novels set in Early Modern periodHidden categories: Pages containing links to subscription-only contentWikipedia introduction cleanup from February 2017All pages needing cleanupArticles covered by WikiProject Wikify from February 2017All articles covered by WikiProject WikifyPages using Infobox writer with unknown parametersAll pages needing factual verificationWikipedia articles needing factual verification from July 2013All articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from September 2016Articles with Project Gutenberg linksArticles with Internet Archive linksArticles with LibriVox linksWikipedia articles incorporating a citation from the 1911 Encyclopaedia Britannica with Wikisource referenceUse British English from December 2014Use dmy dates from March 2016AC with 17 elementsWikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with LCCN identifiersWikipedia articles with ISNI identifiersWikipedia articles with GND identifiersWikipedia articles with SELIBR identifiersWikipedia articles with BNF identifiersWikipedia articles with BIBSYS identifiersWikipedia articles with ULAN identifiersWikipedia articles with MusicBrainz identifiersWikipedia articles with NLA identifiersWikipedia articles with SBN identifiersWikipedia articles with RKDartists identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia CommonsWikiquoteWikisource 



Languages


AfrikaansAlemannischالعربيةAsturianuAzərbaycancaবাংলাБеларускаяБеларуская (тарашкевіца)‎БългарскиBosanskiBrezhonegCatalàČeštinaCymraegDanskDeutschEestiΕλληνικάEspañolEsperantoEuskaraفارسیFrançaisFryskGaeilgeGàidhligGalego한국어Հայերենहिन्दीHrvatskiIdoBahasa IndonesiaInterlinguaÍslenskaItalianoעבריתBasa JawaქართულიҚазақшаКырык марыLatinaLatviešuLietuviųMagyarमैथिलीМакедонскиMalagasyमराठीМонголမြန်မာဘာသာNederlandsनेपाली日本語Norsk bokmålਪੰਜਾਬੀPiemontèisPolskiPortuguêsRomânăРусскийScotsSimple EnglishSlovenčinaSlovenščinaСрпски / srpskiSrpskohrvatski / српскохрватскиSuomiSvenskaTagalogТатарча/tatarçaTürkçeУкраїнськаTiếng Việt中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 13 July 2017, at 11:33.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Walter Scott - Wikipedia






















 






Walter Scott

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

For other people named Walter Scott, see Walter Scott (disambiguation).





This article's lead section may not adequately summarize key points of its contents. Please consider expanding the lead to provide an accessible overview of all important aspects of the article. Please discuss this issue on the article's talk page. (February 2017)




Sir Walter Scott, Bt



Raeburn's portrait of Sir Walter Scott in 1822



Born
15 August 1771
College Wynd, Edinburgh
Scotland


Died
21 September 1832(1832-09-21) (aged 61)
Abbotsford, Roxburghshire
Scotland


Occupation



Historical novelist
Poet



Advocate



Sheriff-Depute
Clerk of Session





Nationality
British


Alma mater
University of Edinburgh


Period
19th century


Literary movement
Romanticism


Spouse
Charlotte Carpenter (Charpentier)






Signature



Sir Walter Scott, 1st Baronet, FRSE (15 August 1771 – 21 September 1832) was a Scottish historical novelist, playwright and poet. Many of his works remain classics of both English-language literature and of Scottish literature. Famous titles include Ivanhoe, Rob Roy, Old Mortality, The Lady of the Lake, Waverley, The Heart of Midlothian and The Bride of Lammermoor.
Although primarily remembered for his extensive literary works and his political engagement, Scott was an advocate, judge and legal administrator by profession, and throughout his career combined his writing and editing work with his daily occupation as Clerk of Session and Sheriff-Depute of Selkirkshire.
A prominent member of the Tory establishment in Edinburgh, Scott was an active member of the Highland Society and served a long term as President of the Royal Society of Edinburgh (1820–32).



Contents


1 Life and works

1.1 Early days
1.2 Meeting with Blacklock and Burns
1.3 Start of literary career, marriage and family
1.4 Poetry
1.5 Novelism
1.6 Recovery of the Crown Jewels, baronetcy and ceremonial pageantry
1.7 Financial problems and death


2 Personal life
3 Abbotsford
4 Legacy

4.1 Later assessment
4.2 Memorials and commemoration
4.3 Literature by other authors


5 Bibliography

5.1 Novels
5.2 Poetry
5.3 Short stories
5.4 Plays
5.5 Non-fiction


6 See also
7 References
8 Further reading
9 External links



Life and works[edit]
Early days[edit]




Scott's childhood at Sandyknowes, in the shadow of Smailholm Tower, introduced him to the tales and folklore of the Scottish Borders.


The son of a Writer to the Signet (solicitor),[1] Scott was born in 1771 in his Presbyterian family's third-floor flat on College Wynd in the Old Town of Edinburgh, a narrow alleyway leading from the Cowgate to the gates of the University of Edinburgh (Old College).[2] He survived a childhood bout of polio in 1773 that left him lame,[3] a condition that was to have a significant effect on his life and writing.[4] To cure his lameness he was sent in 1773 to live in the rural Scottish Borders at his paternal grandparents' farm at Sandyknowe, adjacent to the ruin of Smailholm Tower, the earlier family home.[5] Here he was taught to read by his aunt Jenny, and learned from her the speech patterns and many of the tales and legends that characterised much of his work. In January 1775 he returned to Edinburgh, and that summer went with his aunt Jenny to take spa treatment at Bath in England, where they lived at 6 South Parade.[6] In the winter of 1776 he went back to Sandyknowe, with another attempt at a water cure at Prestonpans during the following summer.[5]




The Scotts' family home in George Square, Edinburgh


In 1778, Scott returned to Edinburgh for private education to prepare him for school, and joined his family in their new house built as one of the first in George Square.[2] In October 1779 he began at the Royal High School of Edinburgh (in High School Yards). He was now well able to walk and explore the city and the surrounding countryside. His reading included chivalric romances, poems, history and travel books. He was given private tuition by James Mitchell in arithmetic and writing, and learned from him the history of the Church of Scotland with emphasis on the Covenanters. After finishing school he was sent to stay for six months with his aunt Jenny in Kelso, attending the local grammar school where he met James and John Ballantyne, who later became his business partners and printed his books.[7]
Meeting with Blacklock and Burns[edit]
Scott began studying classics at the University of Edinburgh in November 1783, at the age of 12, a year or so younger than most of his fellow students. In March 1786 he began an apprenticeship in his father's office to become a Writer to the Signet. While at the university Scott had become a friend of Adam Ferguson, the son of Professor Adam Ferguson who hosted literary salons. Scott met the blind poet Thomas Blacklock, who lent him books and introduced him to James Macpherson's Ossian cycle of poems. During the winter of 1786–87 the 15-year-old Scott saw Robert Burns at one of these salons, for what was to be their only meeting. When Burns noticed a print illustrating the poem "The Justice of the Peace" and asked who had written the poem, only Scott knew that it was by John Langhorne, and was thanked by Burns.[8] When it was decided that he would become a lawyer, he returned to the university to study law, first taking classes in Moral Philosophy and Universal History in 1789–90.[7]
After completing his studies in law, he became a lawyer in Edinburgh. As a lawyer's clerk he made his first visit to the Scottish Highlands directing an eviction. He was admitted to the Faculty of Advocates in 1792. He had an unsuccessful love suit with Williamina Belsches of Fettercairn, who married Scott's friend Sir William Forbes, 7th Baronet.
Start of literary career, marriage and family[edit]




A copy of Scott's Minstrelsy in the National Museum of Scotland


As a boy, youth and young man, Scott was fascinated by the oral traditions of the Scottish Borders. He was an obsessive collector of stories, and developed an innovative method of recording what he heard at the feet of local story-tellers using carvings on twigs, to avoid the disapproval of those who believed that such stories were neither for writing down nor for printing.[9] At the age of 25 he began to write professionally, translating works from German,[10] his first publication being rhymed versions of ballads by Gottfried August Bürger in 1796. He then published an idiosyncratic three-volume set of collected ballads of his adopted home region, The Minstrelsy of the Scottish Border. This was the first sign from a literary standpoint of his interest in Scottish history.
As a result of his early polio infection, Scott had a pronounced limp. He was described in 1820 as tall, well formed (except for one ankle and foot which made him walk lamely), neither fat nor thin, with forehead very high, nose short, upper lip long and face rather fleshy, complexion fresh and clear, eyes very blue, shrewd and penetrating, with hair now silvery white.[11] Although a determined walker, on horseback he experienced greater freedom of movement. Unable to consider a military career, Scott enlisted as a volunteer in the 1st Lothian and Border yeomanry.[12]
On a trip to the Lake District with old college friends he met Charlotte Genevieve Charpentier (or Carpenter), daughter of Jean Charpentier of Lyon in France, and ward of Lord Downshire in Cumberland, an Episcopalian. After three weeks of courtship, Scott proposed and they were married on Christmas Eve 1797 in St Mary's Church, Carlisle (a church set up in the now destroyed nave of Carlisle Cathedral).[13][14] After renting a house in George Street, they moved to nearby South Castle Street. They had five children, of whom four survived by the time of Scott's death, most baptized by an Episcopalian clergyman. In 1799 he was appointed Sheriff-Depute of the County of Selkirk, based in the Royal Burgh of Selkirk. In his early married days Scott had a decent living from his earnings at the law, his salary as Sheriff-Depute, his wife's income, some revenue from his writing, and his share of his father's rather meagre estate.
After their third son was born in 1801, they moved to a spacious three-storey house built for Scott at 39 North Castle Street. This remained Scott's base in Edinburgh until 1826, when he could no longer afford two homes. From 1798 Scott had spent the summers in a cottage at Lasswade, where he entertained guests including literary figures, and it was there that his career as an author began. There were nominal residency requirements for his position of Sheriff-Depute, and at first he stayed at a local inn during the circuit. In 1804 he ended his use of the Lasswade cottage and leased the substantial house of Ashestiel, 6 miles (9.7 km) from Selkirk. It was sited on the south bank of the River Tweed, and the building incorporated an old tower house.[2]
Scott's father, also Walter (1729–1799), was a Freemason, being a member of Lodge St David, No.36 (Edinburgh), and Scott also became a Freemason in his father's Lodge in 1801, albeit only after the death of his father.[15]
Poetry[edit]




Sir Walter Scott, novelist and poet - painted by Sir William Allan


In 1796, Scott's friend James Ballantyne[16] founded a printing press in Kelso, in the Scottish Borders. Through Ballantyne, Scott was able to publish his first works, including "Glenfinlas" and "The Eve of St. John", and his poetry then began to bring him to public attention. In 1805, The Lay of the Last Minstrel captured wide public imagination, and his career as a writer was established in spectacular fashion.
He published many other poems over the next ten years, including the popular The Lady of the Lake, printed in 1810 and set in the Trossachs. Portions of the German translation of this work were set to music by Franz Schubert. One of these songs, "Ellens dritter Gesang", is popularly labelled as "Schubert's Ave Maria".
Beethoven's opus 108 "Twenty-Five Scottish Songs" includes 3 folk songs whose words are by Walter Scott.
Marmion, published in 1808, produced lines that have become proverbial. Canto VI. Stanza 17 reads:


Yet Clare's sharp questions must I shun
Must separate Constance from the nun
Oh! what a tangled web we weave
When first we practise to deceive!
A Palmer too! No wonder why
I felt rebuked beneath his eye.[17]


In 1809 Scott persuaded James Ballantyne and his brother to move to Edinburgh and to establish their printing press there. He became a partner in their business. As a political conservative,[18] Scott helped to found the Tory Quarterly Review, a review journal to which he made several anonymous contributions. Scott was also a contributor to the Edinburgh Review, which espoused Whig views.
Scott was ordained as an elder in the Presbyterian Church of Duddington and sat in the General Assembly for a time as representative elder of the burgh of Selkirk.
When the lease of Ashestiel expired in 1811 Scott bought Cartley Hole Farm, on the south bank of the River Tweed nearer Melrose. The farm had the nickname of "Clarty Hole", and when Scott built a family cottage there in 1812 he named it "Abbotsford". He continued to expand the estate, and built Abbotsford House in a series of extensions.[2]
In 1813 Scott was offered the position of Poet Laureate. He declined, due to concerns that "such an appointment would be a poisoned chalice", as the Laureateship had fallen into disrepute, due to the decline in quality of work suffered by previous title holders, ", as a succession of poetasters had churned out conventional and obsequious odes on royal occasions."[19] He sought advice from the Duke of Buccleuch, who counseled him to retain his literary independence, and the position went to Scott's friend, Robert Southey.[20]
Novelism[edit]




A Legend of Montrose, illustration from the 1872 edition


Although Scott had attained worldwide celebrity through his poetry, he soon tried his hand at documenting his researches into the oral tradition of the Scottish Borders in prose fiction—stories and novels—at the time still considered aesthetically inferior to poetry (above all to such classical genres as the epic or poetic tragedy) as a mimetic vehicle for portraying historical events. In an innovative and astute action, he wrote and published his first novel, Waverley, anonymously in 1814. It was a tale of the Jacobite rising of 1745. Its English protagonist, Edward Waverley, like Don Quixote a great reader of romances, has been brought up by his Tory uncle, who is sympathetic to Jacobitism, although Edward's own father is a Whig. The youthful Waverley obtains a commission in the Whig army and is posted in Dundee. On leave, he meets his uncle's friend, the Jacobite Baron Bradwardine and is attracted to the Baron's daughter Rose. On a visit to the Highlands, Edward overstays his leave and is arrested and charged with desertion but is rescued by the Highland chieftain Fergus MacIvor and his mesmerizing sister Flora, whose devotion to the Stuart cause, "as it exceeded her brother's in fanaticism, excelled it also in purity". Through Flora, Waverley meets Bonnie Prince Charlie, and under her influence goes over to the Jacobite side and takes part in the Battle of Prestonpans. He escapes retribution, however, after saving the life of a Whig colonel during the battle. Waverley (whose surname reflects his divided loyalties) eventually decides to lead a peaceful life of establishment respectability under the House of Hanover rather than live as a proscribed rebel. He chooses to marry the beautiful Rose Bradwardine, rather than cast his lot with the sublime Flora MacIvor, who, after the failure of the '45 rising, retires to a French convent.
There followed a succession of novels over the next five years, each with a Scottish historical setting. Mindful of his reputation as a poet, Scott maintained the anonymity he had begun with Waverley, publishing the novels under the name "Author of Waverley" or as "Tales of..." with no author. Among those familiar with his poetry, his identity became an open secret, but Scott persisted in maintaining the façade, perhaps because he thought his old-fashioned father would disapprove of his engaging in such a trivial pursuit as novel writing. During this time Scott became known by the nickname "The Wizard of the North". In 1815 he was given the honour of dining with George, Prince Regent, who wanted to meet the "Author of Waverley".




"Edgar and Lucie at Mermaiden's well" by Charles Robert Leslie (1886), after Sir Walter Scott's Bride of Lammermoor. Lucie is wearing a full plaid.


Scott's 1819 series Tales of my Landlord is sometimes considered a subset of the Waverley novels and was intended to illustrate aspects of Scottish regional life. Among the best known is The Bride of Lammermoor, a fictionalized version of an actual incident in the history of the Dalrymple family that took place in the Lammermuir Hills in 1669. In the novel, Lucie Ashton and the nobly born but now dispossessed and impoverished Edgar Ravenswood exchange vows. But the Ravenswoods and the wealthy Ashtons, who now own the former Ravenswood lands, are enemies, and Lucie's mother forces her daughter to break her engagement to Edgar and marry the wealthy Sir Arthur Bucklaw. Lucie falls into a depression and on their wedding night stabs the bridegroom, succumbs to insanity, and dies. In 1821, French Romantic painter Eugène Delacroix painted a portrait depicting himself as the melancholy, disinherited Edgar Ravenswood. The prolonged, climactic coloratura mad scene for Lucia in Donizetti's 1835 bel canto opera Lucia di Lammermoor is based on what in the novel were just a few bland sentences.
Tales of my Landlord includes the now highly regarded novel Old Mortality, set in 1679–89 against the backdrop of the ferocious anti-Covenanting campaign of the Tory Graham of Claverhouse, subsequently made Viscount Dundee (called "Bluidy Clavers" by his opponents but later dubbed "Bonnie Dundee" by Scott). The Covenanters were presbyterians who had supported the Restoration of Charles II on promises of a Presbyterian settlement, but he had instead reintroduced Episcopalian church government with draconian penalties for Presbyterian worship. This led to the destitution of around 270 ministers who had refused to take an oath of allegiance and submit themselves to bishops, and who continued to conduct worship among a remnant of their flock in caves and other remote country spots. The relentless persecution of these conventicles and attempts to break them up by military force had led to open revolt. The story is told from the point of view of Henry Morton, a moderate Presbyterian, who is unwittingly drawn into the conflict and barely escapes summary execution. In writing Old Mortality Scott drew upon the knowledge he had acquired from his researches into ballads on the subject for The Minstrelsy of the Scottish Border.[21] Scott's background as a lawyer also informed his perspective, for at the time of the novel, which takes place before the Act of Union of 1707, English law did not apply in Scotland, and afterwards Scotland has continued to have its own Scots law as a hybrid legal system. A recent critic, who is a legal as well as a literary scholar, argues that Old Mortality not only reflects the dispute between Stuart's absolute monarchy and the jurisdiction of the courts, but also invokes a foundational moment in British sovereignty, namely, the Habeas Corpus Act (also known as the Great Writ), passed by the English Parliament in 1679.[22] Oblique reference to the origin of Habeas corpus underlies Scott's next novel, Ivanhoe, set during the era of the creation of the Magna Carta, which political conservatives like Walter Scott and Edmund Burke regarded as rooted in immemorial British custom and precedent.
Ivanhoe (1819), set in 12th-century England, marked a move away from Scott's focus on the local history of Scotland. Based partly on Hume's History of England and the ballad cycle of Robin Hood, Ivanhoe was quickly translated into many languages and inspired countless imitations and theatrical adaptations. Ivanhoe depicts the cruel tyranny of the Norman overlords (Norman Yoke) over the impoverished Saxon populace of England, with two of the main characters, Rowena and Locksley (Robin Hood), representing the dispossessed Saxon aristocracy. When the protagonists are captured and imprisoned by a Norman baron, Scott interrupts the story to exclaim:

It is grievous to think that those valiant barons, to whose stand against the crown the liberties of England were indebted for their existence, should themselves have been such dreadful oppressors, and capable of excesses contrary not only to the laws of England, but to those of nature and humanity. But, alas ...fiction itself can hardly reach the dark reality of the horrors of the period. (Chapter 24.33)

The institution of the Magna Carta, which happens outside the time frame of the story, is portrayed as a progressive (incremental) reform, but also as a step towards the recovery of a lost golden age of liberty endemic to England and the English system. Scott puts a derisive prophecy in the mouth of the jester Wamba:


Norman saw on English oak.
On English neck a Norman yoke;
Norman spoon to English dish,
And England ruled as Normans wish;
Blithe world in England never will be more,
Till England's rid of all the four. (Ivanhoe, Ch. xxvii)


Although on the surface an entertaining escapist romance, alert contemporary readers would have quickly recognised the political subtext of Ivanhoe, which appeared immediately after the English Parliament, fearful of French-style revolution in the aftermath of Waterloo, had passed the Habeas Corpus Suspension acts of 1817 and 1818 and other extremely repressive measures, and when traditional English Charter rights versus revolutionary human rights was a topic of discussion.[23]
Ivanhoe was also remarkable in its sympathetic portrayal of Jewish characters: Rebecca, considered by many critics the book's real heroine, does not in the end get to marry Ivanhoe, whom she loves, but Scott allows her to remain faithful to her own religion, rather than having her convert to Christianity. Likewise, her father, Isaac of York, a Jewish moneylender, is shown as a victim rather than a villain. In Ivanhoe, which is one of Scott's Waverley novels, religious and sectarian fanatics are the villains, while the eponymous hero is a bystander who must weigh the evidence and decide where to take a stand. Scott's positive portrayal of Judaism, which reflects his humanity and concern for religious toleration, also coincided with a contemporary movement for the Emancipation of the Jews in England.
Recovery of the Crown Jewels, baronetcy and ceremonial pageantry[edit]




Rediscovering the 'lost' Honours of Scotland in 1818






George IV landing at Leith in 1822


Scott's fame grew as his explorations and interpretations of Scottish history and society captured popular imagination. Impressed by this, the Prince Regent (the future George IV) gave Scott permission to conduct a search for the Crown Jewels ("Honours of Scotland"). During the years of the Protectorate under Cromwell the Crown Jewels had been hidden away, but had subsequently been used to crown Charles II. They were not used to crown subsequent monarchs, but were regularly taken to sittings of Parliament, to represent the absent monarch, until the Act of Union 1707. Thereafter, the honours were stored in Edinburgh Castle, but the large locked box in which they were stored was not opened for more than 100 years, and stories circulated that they had been "lost" or removed. In 1818, Scott and a small team of military men opened the box, and "unearthed" the honours from the Crown Room in the depths of Edinburgh Castle. A grateful Prince Regent granted Scott the title of baronet,[24] and in March 1820 he received the baronetcy in London, becoming Sir Walter Scott, 1st Baronet.[25]
After George's accession to the throne, the city council of Edinburgh invited Scott, at the King's behest, to stage-manage the 1822 visit of King George IV to Scotland.[24] With only three weeks for planning and execution, Scott created a spectacular and comprehensive pageant, designed not only to impress the King, but also in some way to heal the rifts that had destabilised Scots society. He used the event to contribute to the drawing of a line under an old world that pitched his homeland into regular bouts of bloody strife. He, along with his "production team", mounted what in modern days could be termed a PR event, in which the King was dressed in tartan, and was greeted by his people, many of whom were also dressed in similar tartan ceremonial dress. This form of dress, proscribed after the 1745 rebellion against the English, became one of the seminal, potent and ubiquitous symbols of Scottish identity.[26]
In his novel Kenilworth, Elizabeth I is welcomed to the castle of that name by means of an elaborate pageant, the details of which Scott was well qualified to itemize.
Much of Scott's autograph work shows an almost stream-of-consciousness approach to writing. He included little in the way of punctuation in his drafts, leaving such details to the printers to supply.[27] He eventually acknowledged in 1827 that he was the author of the Waverley Novels.[26]
Financial problems and death[edit]




Sir Walter Scott's grave at Dryburgh Abbey


In 1825 a UK-wide banking crisis resulted in the collapse of the Ballantyne printing business, of which Scott was the only partner with a financial interest; the company's debts of £130,000 (equivalent to £9,600,000 in 2015) caused his very public ruin.[28] Rather than declare himself bankrupt, or to accept any kind of financial support from his many supporters and admirers (including the king himself), he placed his house and income in a trust belonging to his creditors, and determined to write his way out of debt. He kept up his prodigious output of fiction, as well as producing a biography of Napoleon Bonaparte, until 1831. By then his health was failing, but he nevertheless undertook a grand tour of Europe, and was welcomed and celebrated wherever he went. He returned to Scotland and, in September 1832, during the epidemic in Scotland that year, died of typhus[29] at Abbotsford, the home he had designed and had built, near Melrose in the Scottish Borders. (His wife, Lady Scott, had died in 1826 and was buried as an Episcopalian.) Two Presbyterian ministers and one Episcopalian officiated at his funeral.[30] Scott died owing money, but his novels continued to sell, and the debts encumbering his estate were discharged shortly after his death.[28]
Personal life[edit]
Scott's eldest son Lt Walter Scott, inherited his father's estate and possessions. He married Jane Jobson, only daughter of William Jobson of Lochore (died 1822) and his wife Rachel Stuart (died 1863) on 3 February 1825.[31]
Scott, Sr.'s lawyer from at least 1814 was Hay Donaldson WS (died 1822), who was also agent to the Duke of Buccleuch. Scott was Donaldson's proposer when he was elected a Fellow of the Royal Society of Edinburgh.[32]
His distant cousin was the poet Randall Swingler.
Abbotsford[edit]




Abbotsford House






Tomb of Walter Scott, in Dryburgh Abbey by Henry Fox Talbot, 1844


When Scott was a boy, he sometimes travelled with his father from Selkirk to Melrose, where some of his novels are set. At a certain spot the old gentleman would stop the carriage and take his son to a stone on the site of the Battle of Melrose (1526).[33]
During the summers from 1804, Scott made his home at the large house of Ashestiel, on the south bank of the River Tweed 6 miles (9.7 km) north of Selkirk. When his lease on this property expired in 1811, Scott bought Cartley Hole Farm, downstream on the Tweed nearer Melrose. The farm had the nickname of "Clarty Hole", and when Scott built a family cottage there in 1812 he named it "Abbotsford". He continued to expand the estate, and built Abbotsford House in a series of extensions.[2] The farmhouse developed into a wonderful home that has been likened to a fairy palace. Scott was a pioneer of the Scottish Baronial style of architecture, therefore Abbotsford is festooned with turrets and stepped gabling. Through windows enriched with the insignia of heraldry the sun shone on suits of armour, trophies of the chase, a library of more than 9,000 volumes, fine furniture, and still finer pictures. Panelling of oak and cedar and carved ceilings relieved by coats of arms in their correct colours added to the beauty of the house.[34][verification needed]
It is estimated that the building cost Scott more than £25,000 (equivalent to £1,900,000 in 2015). More land was purchased until Scott owned nearly 1,000 acres (4.0 km2). A Roman road with a ford near Melrose used in olden days by the abbots of Melrose suggested the name of Abbotsford. Scott was buried in Dryburgh Abbey, where his wife had earlier been interred. Nearby is a large statue of William Wallace, one of Scotland's many romanticised historical figures.[35] Abbotsford later gave its name to the Abbotsford Club, founded in 1834 in memory of Sir Walter Scott.[36]
Legacy[edit]


Part of the Politics series on


Toryism







Characteristics


Monarchism
Traditionalism
High Church Anglicanism
Traditional Catholicism
Loyalism
Royalism
Interventionism
Agrarianism/Self-sufficiency
Counterrevolution
Classicism
High culture
Noblesse oblige
Organic unity
Unionism








General topics


Cavaliers
Cavalier Parliament
Château Clique
Jacobitism
Divine right of kings
Corporatism
Family Compact (Canada)
Oxford Movement
Powellism








People


Robert Filmer
1st Earl of Clarendon
Roger L'Estrange
1st Earl of Rochester
1st Viscount Bolingbroke
3rd Earl of Bute
1st Duke of Wellington
Walter Scott
Stanley Baldwin
G. K. Chesterton
Winston Churchill
Enoch Powell
George Grant








Related topics


Conservatism
Distributists
Miguelism
Vendéens
Chouans
Legitimism
Carlism
Sanfedismo
Viva Maria
Cristeros
Reactionary
High Tory
Red Tory
Loyalist
Royalist
Veronese Easter
Tory corporatism
Tory socialism
Pink Tory
Ultra-Tories









v
t
e





Later assessment[edit]







Although he continued to be extremely popular and widely read, both at home and abroad,[37] Scott's critical reputation declined in the last half of the 19th century as serious writers turned from romanticism to realism, and Scott began to be regarded as an author suitable for children. This trend accelerated in the 20th century. For example, in his classic study Aspects of the Novel (1927), E. M. Forster harshly criticized Scott's clumsy and slapdash writing style, "flat" characters, and thin plots. In contrast, the novels of Scott's contemporary Jane Austen, once appreciated only by the discerning few (including, as it happened, Sir Walter Scott himself) rose steadily in critical esteem, though Austen, as a female writer, was still faulted for her narrow ("feminine") choice of subject matter, which, unlike Scott, avoided the grand historical themes traditionally viewed as masculine.
Nevertheless, Scott's importance as an innovator continued to be recognized. He was acclaimed as the inventor of the genre of the modern historical novel (which others trace to Jane Porter, whose work in the genre predates Scott's) and the inspiration for enormous numbers of imitators and genre writers both in Britain and on the European continent. In the cultural sphere, Scott's Waverley novels played a significant part in the movement (begun with James Macpherson's Ossian cycle) in rehabilitating the public perception of the Scottish Highlands and its culture, which had been formally suppressed as barbaric, and viewed in the southern mind as a breeding ground of hill bandits, religious fanaticism, and Jacobite rebellions. Scott served as chairman of the Royal Society of Edinburgh and was also a member of the Royal Celtic Society. His own contribution to the reinvention of Scottish culture was enormous, even though his re-creations of the customs of the Highlands were fanciful at times, despite his extensive travels around his native country. It is a testament to Scott's contribution in creating a unified identity for Scotland that Edinburgh's central railway station, opened in 1854 by the North British Railway, is called Waverley. The fact that Scott was a Lowland Presbyterian, rather than a Gaelic-speaking Catholic Highlander, made him more acceptable to a conservative English reading public. Scott's novels were certainly influential in the making of the Victorian craze for all things Scottish among British royalty, who were anxious to claim legitimacy through their rather attenuated historical connection with the royal house of Stuart.[citation needed]
At the time Scott wrote, Scotland was poised to move away from an era of socially divisive clan warfare to a modern world of literacy and industrial capitalism. Through the medium of Scott's novels, the violent religious and political conflicts of the country's recent past could be seen as belonging to history—which Scott defined, as the subtitle of Waverley ("'Tis Sixty Years Since") indicates, as something that happened at least 60 years ago. Scott's advocacy of objectivity and moderation and his strong repudiation of political violence on either side also had a strong, though unspoken, contemporary resonance in an era when many conservative English speakers lived in mortal fear of a revolution in the French style on British soil. Scott's orchestration of King George IV's visit to Scotland, in 1822, was a pivotal event intended to inspire a view of his home country that, in his view, accentuated the positive aspects of the past while allowing the age of quasi-medieval blood-letting to be put to rest, while envisioning a more useful, peaceful future.
After Scott's work had been essentially unstudied for many decades, a revival of critical interest began from the 1960s. Postmodern tastes favoured discontinuous narratives and the introduction of the "first person", yet they were more favourable to Scott's work than Modernist tastes. While F. R. Leavis had disdained Scott, seeing him as a thoroughly bad novelist and a thoroughly bad influence (The Great Tradition [1948]), György Lukács (The Historical Novel [1937, trans. 1962]) and David Daiches (Scott's Achievement as a Novelist [1951]) offered a Marxian political reading of Scott's fiction that generated a great deal of genuine interest in his work. Scott is now seen as an important innovator and a key figure in the development of Scottish and world literature, and particularly as the inventor of the historical novel.[38]
Memorials and commemoration[edit]




The Scott Monument on Edinburgh's Princes Street






Statue by Sir John Steell on the Scott Monument in Edinburgh






Scott Monument in Glasgow's George Square






Statue on the Glasgow monument


During his lifetime, Scott's portrait was painted by Sir Edwin Landseer and fellow-Scots Sir Henry Raeburn and James Eckford Lauder. In Edinburgh, the 61.1-metre-tall Victorian Gothic spire of the Scott Monument was designed by George Meikle Kemp. It was completed in 1844, 12 years after Scott's death, and dominates the south side of Princes Street. Scott is also commemorated on a stone slab in Makars' Court, outside The Writers' Museum, Lawnmarket, Edinburgh, along with other prominent Scottish writers; quotes from his work are also visible on the Canongate Wall of the Scottish Parliament building in Holyrood. There is a tower dedicated to his memory on Corstorphine Hill in the west of the city and, as mentioned, Edinburgh's Waverley railway station takes its name from one of his novels.
In Glasgow, Walter Scott's Monument dominates the centre of George Square, the main public square in the city. Designed by David Rhind in 1838, the monument features a large column topped by a statue of Scott.[39] There is a statue of Scott in New York City's Central Park.[40]
Numerous Masonic Lodges have been named after him and his novels. For example: Lodge Sir Walter Scott, No.859, (Perth, Australia) and Lodge Waverly, No.597, (Edinburgh, Scotland).[41]
The annual Walter Scott Prize for Historical Fiction was created in 2010 by the Duke and Duchess of Buccleuch, whose ancestors were closely linked to Sir Walter Scott. At £25,000 it is one of the largest prizes in British literature. The award has been presented at Scott's historic home, Abbotsford House.
Scott has been credited with rescuing the Scottish banknote. In 1826, there was outrage in Scotland at the attempt of Parliament to prevent the production of banknotes of less than five pounds. Scott wrote a series of letters to the Edinburgh Weekly Journal under the pseudonym "Malachi Malagrowther" for retaining the right of Scottish banks to issue their own banknotes. This provoked such a response that the Government was forced to relent and allow the Scottish banks to continue printing pound notes. This campaign is commemorated by his continued appearance on the front of all notes issued by the Bank of Scotland. The image on the 2007 series of banknotes is based on the portrait by Henry Raeburn.[42]
During and immediately after World War I there was a movement spearheaded by President Wilson and other eminent people to inculcate patriotism in American school children, especially immigrants, and to stress the American connection with the literature and institutions of the "mother country" of Great Britain, using selected readings in middle school textbooks.[43] Scott's Ivanhoe continued to be required reading for many American high school students until the end of the 1950s.
A bust of Scott is in the Hall of Heroes of the National Wallace Monument in Stirling.
Literature by other authors[edit]
In Charles Baudelaire's La Fanfarlo (1847), poet Samuel Cramer says of Scott:

Oh that tedious author, a dusty exhumer of chronicles! A fastidious mass of descriptions of bric-a-brac ... and castoff things of every sort, armor, tableware, furniture, gothic inns, and melodramatic castles where lifeless mannequins stalk about, dressed in leotards.

In the novella, however, Cramer proves as deluded a romantic as any hero in one of Scott's novels.[44]
In Anne Brontë's The Tenant of Wildfell Hall (1848) the narrator, Gilbert Markham, brings an elegantly bound copy of Marmion as a present to the independent "tenant of Wildfell Hall" (Helen Graham) whom he is courting, and is mortified when she insists on paying for it.
In a speech delivered at Salem, Massachusetts, on 6 January 1860, to raise money for the families of the executed abolitionist John Brown and his followers, Ralph Waldo Emerson calls Brown an example of true chivalry, which consists not in noble birth but in helping the weak and defenseless and declares that "Walter Scott would have delighted to draw his picture and trace his adventurous career".[45]
In his 1870 memoir, Army Life in a Black Regiment, New England abolitionist Thomas Wentworth Higginson (later editor of Emily Dickinson), described how he wrote down and preserved Negro spirituals or "shouts" while serving as a colonel in the First South Carolina Volunteers, the first authorized Union Army regiment recruited from freedmen during the Civil War (memorialized in the 1989 film Glory). He wrote that he was "a faithful student of the Scottish ballads, and had always envied Sir Walter the delight of tracing them out amid their own heather, and of writing them down piecemeal from the lips of aged crones".
According to his daughter Eleanor, Scott was "an author to whom Karl Marx again and again returned, whom he admired and knew as well as he did Balzac and Fielding".[46]
In his 1883 Life on the Mississippi, Mark Twain satirized the impact of Scott's writings, declaring (with humorous hyperbole) that Scott "had so large a hand in making Southern character, as it existed before the [American Civil] war", that he is "in great measure responsible for the war".[47] He goes on to coin the term "Sir Walter Scott disease", which he blames for the South's lack of advancement. Twain also targeted Scott in Adventures of Huckleberry Finn, where he names a sinking boat the "Walter Scott" (1884); and, in A Connecticut Yankee in King Arthur's Court (1889), the main character repeatedly utters "great Scott" as an oath; by the end of the book, however, he has become absorbed in the world of knights in armor, reflecting Twain's ambivalence on the topic.
The idyllic Cape Cod retreat of suffragists Verena Tarrant and Olive Chancellor in Henry James' The Bostonians (1886) is called Marmion, evoking what James considered the Quixotic idealism of these social reformers.
In To the Lighthouse by Virginia Woolf, Mrs. Ramsey glances at her husband:

He was reading something that moved him very much ... He was tossing the pages over. He was acting it – perhaps he was thinking himself the person in the book. She wondered what book it was. Oh, it was one of old Sir Walter’s she saw, adjusting the shade of her lamp so that the light fell on her knitting. For Charles Tansley had been saying (she looked up as if she expected to hear the crash of books on the floor above) that people don’t read Scott any more. Then her husband thought, “That’s what they’ll say of me;” so he went and got one of those books ... [Scott's] feeling for straight forward simple things, these fishermen, the poor old crazed creature in Mucklebackit’s cottage [in The Antiquary] made him feel so vigorous, so relieved of something that he felt roused and triumphant and could not choke back his tears ... It fortified him. He clean forgot all the little rubs and digs of the evening ... and his being so irritable with his wife and so touchy and minding when they passed his books over as if they didn’t exist at all. Raising the book a little to hide his face, he let them fall and shook his head from side to side and forgot himself completely (but not one or two reflections about morality and French novels and English novels and Scott’s hands being tied but his view perhaps being as true as the other view), forgot his own bothers and failures completely in poor Steenie’s drowning and Mucklebackit’s sorrow (that was Scott at his best) and the astonishing delight and feeling of vigor that it gave him. Well, let them improve upon that, he thought as he finished the chapter ... The whole of life did not consist in going to bed with a woman, he thought, returning to Scott and Balzac, to the English novel and the French novel.

In 1951, science-fiction author Isaac Asimov wrote Breeds There a Man...?, a short story with a title alluding vividly to Scott's The Lay of the Last Minstrel (1805).
In To Kill a Mockingbird (1960), the protagonist's brother is made to read Walter Scott's book Ivanhoe to the ailing Mrs. Henry Lafayette Dubose, and he refers to the author as "Sir Walter Scout", in reference to his own sister's nickname.
In Mother Night (1961) by Kurt Vonnegut, Jr., memoirist and playwright Howard W. Campbell, Jr., prefaces his text with the six lines beginning "Breathes there the man..."
In Knights of the Sea (2010) by Canadian author Paul Marlowe, there are several quotes from and references to Marmion, as well as an inn named after Ivanhoe, and a fictitious Scott novel entitled The Beastmen of Glen Glammoch.
Bibliography[edit]




Sir Walter Scott by Robert Scott Moncrieff.


Novels[edit]
The Waverley Novels is the title given to the long series of Scott novels released from 1814 to 1832 which takes its name from the first novel, Waverley. The following is a chronological list of the entire series:

1814: Waverley
1815: Guy Mannering
1816: The Antiquary
1816: The Black Dwarf and The Tale of Old Mortality – the 1st installment from the subset series, Tales of My Landlord
1817: Rob Roy
1818: The Heart of Midlothian – the 2nd installment from the subset series, Tales of My Landlord
1819: The Bride of Lammermoor and A Legend of Montrose – the 3rd installment from the subset series, Tales of My Landlord
1820: Ivanhoe
1820: The Monastery and The Abbot – from the subset series, Tales from Benedictine Sources
1821: Kenilworth
1822: The Pirate
1822: The Fortunes of Nigel
1822: Peveril of the Peak
1823: Quentin Durward
1824: St. Ronan's Well
1824: Redgauntlet
1825: The Betrothed and The Talisman – from the subset series, Tales of the Crusaders
1826: Woodstock
1828: The Fair Maid of Perth – the 2nd installment from the subset series, Chronicles of the Canongate (sometimes not considered as part of the Waverley Novels series)
1829: Anne of Geierstein
1832: Count Robert of Paris and Castle Dangerous – the 4th installment from the subset series, Tales of My Landlord

Other novels:

1831–1832: The Siege of Malta – a finished novel published posthumously in 2008
1832: Bizarro – an unfinished novel (or novella) published posthumously in 2008

Poetry[edit]
Many of the short poems or songs released by Scott were originally not separate pieces but parts of longer poems interspersed throughout his novels, tales, and dramas.

1796: "The Chase" – an English-language translation of the German-language poem by Gottfried August Bürger entitled "Der Wilde Jäger" (or, "The Wild Huntsmen", its more common English translation), first of the translations and imitations from German ballads by Scott
1802–1803: "The Minstrelsy of the Scottish Border"
1805: "The Lay of the Last Minstrel"
1806: "Ballads and Lyrical Pieces"
1808: "Marmion"
1810: "The Lady of the Lake"
1811: "The Vision of Don Roderick"
1813: "The Bridal of Triermain"
1813: "Rokeby"
1815: "The Field of Waterloo"
1815: "The Lord of the Isles"
1817: "Harold the Dauntless"

Short stories[edit]

1827: "The Highland Widow", "The Two Drovers", and "The Surgeon's Daughter" – the 1st installment from the series, Chronicles of the Canongate
1828: "My Aunt Margaret's Mirror", "The Tapestried Chamber", and "Death of the Laird's Jock" – from the series, The Keepsake Stories

Plays[edit]

1799: Goetz of Berlichingen, with the Iron Hand: A Tragedy – an English-language translation of the 1773 German-language play by Johann Wolfgang von Goethe entitled Götz von Berlichingen
1822: Halidon Hill
1823: MacDuff's Cross
1830: The Doom of Devorgoil
1830: Auchindrane

Non-fiction[edit]

1796 Translations & imitations of German Ballads Librivox audio
1814–1817: The Border Antiquities of England and Scotland – a work co-authored by Luke Clennell and John Greig with Scott's contribution consisting of the substantial introductory essay, originally published in 2 volumes from 1814 to 1817
1815–1824: Essays on Chivalry, Romance, and Drama – a supplement to the 1815–1824 editions of the Encyclopædia Britannica
1816: Paul's Letters to his Kinsfolk
1819–1826: Provincial Antiquities of Scotland
1821–1824: Lives of the Novelists
1825–1832: The Journal of Sir Walter Scott
1826: The Letters of Malachi Malagrowther
1827: The Life of Napoleon Buonaparte
1828: Religious Discourses
1828: Tales of a Grandfather; Being Stories Taken from Scottish History – the 1st installment from the series, Tales of a Grandfather
1829: The History of Scotland: Volume I
1829: Tales of a Grandfather; Being Stories Taken from Scottish History – the 2nd installment from the series, Tales of a Grandfather
1830: Essays on Ballad Poetry
1830: The History of Scotland: Volume II
1830: Tales of a Grandfather; Being Stories Taken from Scottish History – the 3rd installment from the series, Tales of a Grandfather
1830: Letters on Demonology and Witchcraft
1831: Tales of a Grandfather; Being Stories Taken from the History of France – the 4th installment from the series, Tales of a Grandfather

See also[edit]



Wikiquote has quotations related to: Walter Scott





Wikisource has original works written by or about:
Walter Scott




Poetry portal



Operas inspired by Walter Scott
Jedediah Cleishbotham (fictional editor of Tales of My Landlord, and Scott's alter ego)
G. A. Henty
Alessandro Manzoni
Alexandre Dumas, père
Karl May
Baroness Orczy
Rafael Sabatini
Emilio Salgari
Samuel Shellabarger
Lawrence Schoonover
Jules Verne
Frank Yerby
GWR Waverley Class steam locomotives
"Famous Scots Series"
Principal Clerk of Session and Justiciary
Writers' Museum

References[edit]


^ "Family Background". Retrieved 2011-04-09. 
^ a b c d e Edinburgh University Library (22 October 2004). "Homes of Sir Walter Scott". x Edinburgh University Library. Retrieved 9 July 2013. 
^ Cone, T E (1973). "Was Sir Walter Scott's Lameness Caused by Poliomyelitis?". Pediatrics. 51 (1): 33. 
^ Robertson, Fiona. "Disfigurement and Disability: Walter Scott’s Bodies". Otranto.co.uk. Retrieved 9 May 2014. 
^ a b "Sandyknowe and Early Childhood". Retrieved 2011-04-09. 
^ "No 1 Nos 2 and 3 (Farrell's Hotel) Nos 4 to 8 (consec) (Pratt's Hotel)". Images of England. English Heritage. Retrieved 29 July 2009. 
^ a b "School and University". Walterscott.lib.ed.ac.uk. 24 October 2003. Retrieved 29 November 2009. 
^ "Literary Beginnings". Walterscott.lib.ed.ac.uk. 11 December 2007. Retrieved 29 November 2009. 
^ Walter, Sir Walter (2012). The Lady of the Lake. Lititz, PA: AP Publishing House. p. 308. ISBN 9781105941573. Retrieved 22 November 2016. 
^ BBC profile
^ Leslie C. R. Letter to Miss C Leslie dated 26 June 1820 in Autobiographical recollections ed. Tom Taylor, Ticknor & Fields, Boston 1855
^ 1st Lothians and Border Yeomanry
^ http://www.walterscott.lib.ed.ac.uk/biography/chronology.html
^ Edinburgh Archive – Family
^ Cooper, Robert L D, Ed. 2010. Famous Scottish Freemasons, pp 58–59. ISBN 978-0-9560933-8-7
^ Edinburgh Archive – Ballantyne Brothers
^ The early editions of Marmion use Scott's original spelling of "practice" (still used in the U.S.A). Later editions, compiled without Scott's oversight, usually favour the modern standard British English spelling of "practise".
^ Hay, James (1899). Sir Walter Scott. London. p. 258. ISBN 978-1278170947. Retrieved 22 November 2016. 
^ http://www.walterscott.lib.ed.ac.uk/biography/poet.html
^ "Scott the Poet". Walterscott.lib.ed.ac.uk. 11 December 2007. Retrieved 29 November 2009. 
^ See Old Mortality on the University of Edinburgh Walter Scott website.
^ See Amy Witherbee, in "Habeas Corpus: British Imaginations of Power in Walter Scott's Old Mortality", New Literary History 39 (2008): 355–67, writes:

By the 1670s, conﬂicts between religious dissidents and the Stuart Crown had given way to a Crown policy of seizing and imprisoning opponents without recourse to the courts. In 1679, this policy of using extrajudicial imprisonments to quell rebellion ﬁnally provoked the English Parliament to pass the Act of Habeas Corpus in England. Usually translated as “produce the body,” habeas corpus could be invoked by any subject to require that the king or his agents produce the body of a prisoner for adjudication before the courts. In its barest terms the Great Writ protected a subject from indeﬁnite terms of imprisonment, from imprisonment outside the kingdom, or from imprisonment without cause. It did so by asserting the jurisdiction of the courts as superior to the executive powers of the king. The Act was thus part of a long debate within the three kingdoms about the relationship of king to law and vice versa.


^ Witherbee (2008), pp. 363–64. Habeas corpus had been suspended in the mid-1790s at the time of the French Revolution by William Pitt, who had called the French declaration of human rights "monstrous". Widely publicised trials for sedition took place in Edinburgh (1793) and in London (1794) John Thelwall and two others were charged with treason. The Scottish defendants received harsh sentences whereas the English ones were acquitted. According to historian Anne Stott: "The difference between the English and Scottish trials reflects the different legal systems. Ironically, the acquittals made the loyalist case—that England was a country where a man could have a fair trial."
^ a b "Chronology of Walter Scott's life". Walter Scott Digital Archive. Retrieved 2 May 2015. 
^ "The Abbot". Walter Scott Digital Archive. Retrieved 2 May 2015. Scott had travelled to London in March [1820] to receive his baronetcy 
^ a b "Walter Scott Digital Archive – Chronology". Walterscott.lib.ed.ac.uk. 13 Oct 2008. Retrieved 29 Nov 2009. 
^ Stuart Kelly quoted by Arnold Zwicky in The Book of Lost Books
^ a b McKinstry, Sam; Fletcher, Marie (2002). "The Personal Account Books of Sir Walter Scott". The Accounting Historians Journal. 29: 59–89. JSTOR 40698269.  (subscription required)
^ London Medical and Surgical Journal, January 1833
^ Edinburgh Profile, Financial Hardship
^ Monuments and monumental inscriptions in Scotland: The Grampian Society, 1871
^ BIOGRAPHICAL INDEX OF FORMER FELLOWS OF THE ROYAL SOCIETY OF EDINBURGH 1783 – 2002 (PDF). The Royal Society of Edinburgh. July 2006. ISBN 0 902 198 84 X. 
^ Lockhart, John Gibson (1837). Memoirs of the Life of Sir Walter Scott, Bart. Philadelphia. p. 1.397. Retrieved 7 November 2016. 
^ Abbotsford House website.
^ Scott, Sir Walter; Grant, George (2001). From Bannockburn to Flodden: Wallace, Bruce, and the Heroes of Medieval Scotland. Nashville: Cumberland. p. viii. ISBN 978-1581821277. 
^ The Oxford Companion to English Literature, 6th Edition. Edited by Margaret Drabble, Oxford University Press, 2000 Pp1
^ "…it would be difficult to name, from among both modern and ancient works, many read more widely and with greater pleasure than the historical novels of … Walter Scott." – Alessandro Manzoni, On the Historical Novel.
^ Higgins, Charlotte (16 August 2010). "Scotland's image-maker Sir Walter Scott 'invented English legends'". The Guardian. London. Retrieved 2011-04-09. 
^ "Glasgow, George Square, Walter Scott's Monument". Retrieved 2011-04-09. 
^ New York monument
^ Grand Lodge of Scotland Year Book. 2014. pp 25 & 34. ISBN 0902324-86-1
^ Scottish Banks
^ For example, see the textbook compiled by Emma Serl and William J. Pelo, American Ideals: Selected Patriotic Readings for Seventh and Eighth Grades, introduction by Charles W. Eliot, President Emeritus of Harvard (Gregg Publishing, 1919).
^ See Francis S. Heck, “Baudelaire's La Fanfarlo: An Example of Romantic Irony”, The French Review 49: 3 (1976): 328–36.
^ Kenneth S. Sacks, editor, Emerson: Political Writings (Cambridge Texts in the History of Political Thought) (Cambridge University Press, 2008), p, 193.
^ S.S. Prawer, Karl Marx and World Literature, Oxford, 1976, p.386.
^ Twain, Mark. "Life on the Mississippi", Chapter 46


Further reading[edit]

Bautz, Annika. Reception of Jane Austen and Walter Scott: A Comparative Longitudinal Study. Continuum, 2007. ISBN 0-8264-9546-X, ISBN 978-0-8264-9546-4.
Brown, David. Walter Scott and the Historical Imagination. Routledge, 1979, ISBN 0-7100-0301-3; Kindle ed. 2013.
Buchan, John. Sir Walter Scott, Coward-McCann Inc., New York, 1932.
Cornish, Sidney W. The "Waverley" Manual; or, Handbook of the Chief Characters, Incidents, and Descriptions in the "Waverley" Novels, with Critical Breviates from Various Sources. Edinburgh: A. and C. Black, 1871.
Duncan, Ian. Scott's Shadow: The Novel in Romantic Edinburgh. Princeton UP, 2007. ISBN 978-0-691-04383-8.
Kelly, Stuart. Scott-Land: The Man Who Invented a Nation. Polygon, 2010. ISBN 978-1-84697-107-5.
Lincoln, Andrew. Walter Scott And Modernity. Edinburgh UP, 2007.
Stephen, Leslie (1898). "The Story of Scott's Ruin". Studies of a Biographer. 2. London: Duckworth & Co. 
Letitia Elizabeth Landon The Female Portrait Gallery. A series of 22 analyses of Scott's female characters (sadly curtailed by Letitia's untimely death in 1838). Laman Blanchard: Life and Literary Remains of L.E.L., 1841. Vol. 2. pp. 81–194.

External links[edit]


Library resources about
Walter Scott





Resources in your library
Resources in other libraries





Find more aboutWalter Scottat Wikipedia's sister projects

Media from Commons
Quotations from Wikiquote
Texts from Wikisource
Data from Wikidata



Sir Walter Scott and Hinx, his Cat
Walter Scott Digital Archive at the University of Edinburgh.
The Edinburgh Sir Walter Scott Club
Sir Walter Scott, biography by Richard H. Hutton, 1878 (from Project Gutenberg)
Works by Walter Scott at Project Gutenberg
Works by or about Walter Scott at Internet Archive
Works by Walter Scott at LibriVox (public domain audiobooks) 
Works by Walter Scott at The Online Books Page
 Chisholm, Hugh, ed. (1911). "Scott, Sir Walter". Encyclopædia Britannica (11th ed.). Cambridge University Press. 
Walter Scott's profile and catalogue of his library at Abbotsford on LibraryThing.
Guardian Books - Sir Walter Scott
Portraits at the National Portrait Gallery
Bust of Walter Scott by Sir Francis Leggatt Chantrey, 1828, white marble, Philadelphia Museum of Art, # 2002.222.1, Philadelphia (PA).
Millgate Union Catalogue of Walter Scott Correspondence
Correspondence of Sir Walter Scott, with related papers, ca. 1807–1929


Arms of Sir Walter Scott




Crest
A nymph, in her dexter hand a sun in splendour, in her sinister a crescent (moon)
Escutcheon
Quarterly; 1st & 4th or two mullets in chief and a crescent in base azure within an orle azure (Scott); 2nd & 3rd or on a bend azure three mascles or, in sinister chief point a buckle or (Haliburton); escutcheon of the Hand of Ulster
Supporters
Dexter a mermaid holding in the exterior hand a mirror proper; Sinister a savage wreathed around the head and middle, holding in the exterior hand a club
Motto
(above) Reparabit cornua phoebe - the moon shall fill her horns again
(below) Watch weel






Baronetage of the United Kingdom


New title
Baronet(of Abbotsford)
1st creation
1820–1832
Next:
Sir Walter Scott








v
t
e


Works by Walter Scott



Novels



Waverley (1814)
Guy Mannering (1815)
The Antiquary (1816)
The Black Dwarf (1816)
Old Mortality (1816)
Rob Roy (1817)
The Heart of Midlothian (1818)
The Bride of Lammermoor (1819)
A Legend of Montrose (1819)
Ivanhoe (1819)
The Monastery (1820)
The Abbot (1820)
Kenilworth (1821)
The Pirate (1821)
The Fortunes of Nigel (1822)
Peveril of the Peak (1823)
Quentin Durward (1823)
St. Ronan's Well (1823)
Redgauntlet (1824)
The Betrothed (1825)
The Talisman (1825)
Woodstock (1826)
The Fair Maid of Perth (1828)
Anne of Geierstein (1829)
Count Robert of Paris (1831)
Castle Dangerous (1831)
The Siege of Malta (1831-1832, pub. posthumously 2008)
Bizarro (1832, pub. posthumously 2008)





Poetry



Translations and Imitations from German Ballads (1796-1819)
"Glenfinlas" (1800)
The Minstrelsy of the Scottish Border (1802-1803)
The Lay of the Last Minstrel (1805)
Ballads and Lyrical Pieces (1806)
Marmion (1808)
The Lady of the Lake (1810)
The Vision of Don Roderick (1811)
The Bridal of Triermain (1813)
Rokeby (1813)
The Field of Waterloo (1815)
The Lord of the Isles (1815)
Harold the Dauntless (1817)





Short stories



Chronicles of the Canongate, 1st series (1827)
The Keepsake Stories (1828)





Plays



Halidon Hill (1822)
MacDuff's Cross (1823)
The Doom of Devorgoil (1830)
Auchindrane, or, The Ayrshire Tragedy (1830)





Non-fiction



The Journal (1825-1832)
Tales of a Grandfather (1828-1831)





People



James Ballantyne
Lord Byron
James Hogg
William Laidlaw
John Gibson Lockhart
Robert Southey
William Wordsworth





Characters



Jedediah Cleishbotham
Jeanie Deans
Dryasdust
Lord Glenallan
Saunders Mucklebackit
Edie Ochiltree
Jonathan Oldbuck
Dominie Sampson
Sir Arthur Wardour





Related



Abbotsford House
Dandie Dinmont Terrier
"Hail to the Chief"
Kennaquhair
Scott Monument
Scott's View
Sir Walter Scott Way
Walter Scott Prize
Writers' Museum












v
t
e


Walter Scott's Ivanhoe



Opera



Ivanhoé
Der Templer und die Jüdin
Il templario
Ivanhoe





Films



Ivanhoe (1913 British)
Ivanhoe (1913 American)
Ivanhoe (1952)
Ivanhoe (1982)
The Ballad of the Valiant Knight Ivanhoe (1983)





Television



Ivanhoe (1958)
Ivanhoe (1970)
Young Ivanhoe (1995)
Ivanhoe (1997)





Related



The Betrothed
Ravenskull












v
t
e


Romanticism



Countries



Denmark
England (literature)
France (literature)
Germany
Norway
Poland
Russia (literature)
Scotland





Movements



Bohemianism
Counter-Enlightenment
Dark romanticism
Düsseldorf School
Gesamtkunstwerk
Gothic fiction
Gothic Revival (architecture)
Hudson River School
Indianism
Nazarene movement
Ossian
Romantic hero
Romanticism in science
Romantic nationalism
Opium and Romanticism
Transcendentalism
Ultra-Romanticism
Wallenrodism





Writers



Abovian
Alencar
Alfieri
Andersen
A. v. Arnim
B. v. Arnim
Azevedo
Baratashvili
Baratynsky
Barbauld (Aikin)
Batyushkov
Baudelaire
Beer
Bertrand
Blake
Botev
Brentano
Bryant
Burns
Byron
Castelo Branco
Castilho
Cazotte
Chateaubriand
Chavchavadze
Clare
Coleridge
Cooper
De Quincey
Dias
Dumas
Eichendorff
Emerson
Eminescu
Espronceda
Fouqué
Foscolo
Garrett
Gautier
Goethe
Grimm Brothers
Gutzkow
Hauff
Hawthorne
Heine
Heliade
Herculano
Hoffmann
Hölderlin
Hugo
Ilić
Irving
Jakšić
Jean Paul
Karamzin
Keats
Kleist
Krasiński
Lamartine
Larra
Leopardi
Lermontov
Lowell
Macedonski
Mácha
Magalhães
Malczewski
Manzoni
Maturin
Mickiewicz
Musset
Nalbandian
Nerval
Nodier
Norwid
Novalis
Oehlenschläger
Orbeliani
Poe
Polidori
Potocki
Prešeren
Pushkin
Raffi
Schiller
Schwab
Scott
Seward
M. Shelley
P. B. Shelley
Shevchenko
Słowacki
De Staël
Stendhal
Tieck
Tyutchev
Uhland
Vörösmarty
Vyazemsky
Wordsworth
Zhukovsky
Zorrilla





Music



Adam
Alkan
Auber
Beethoven
Bellini
Bennett
Berlioz
Bertin
Berwald
Brahms
Bruckner
Chopin
Dargomyzhsky
Félicien David
Ferdinand David
Donizetti
Fauré
Field
Franck
Franz
Glinka
Gomis
Halévy
Kalkbrenner
Liszt
Loewe
Marschner
Masarnau
Méhul
Fanny Mendelssohn
Felix Mendelssohn
Méreaux
Meyerbeer
Moniuszko
Moscheles
Mussorgsky
Niedermeyer
Onslow
Paganini
Prudent
Reicha
Rimsky-Korsakov
Rossini
Rubinstein
Schubert
Clara Schumann
Robert Schumann
Smetana
Sor
Spohr
Spontini
Thalberg
Verdi
Voříšek
Wagner
Weber






Theologians and
philosophers




Chaadayev
Coleridge
Feuerbach
Fichte
Goethe
Hegel
Khomyakov
Müller
Ritschl
Rousseau
Schiller
A. Schlegel
F. Schlegel
Schopenhauer
Schleiermacher
Tieck
Wackenroder





Visual artists



Aivazovsky
Bierstadt
Blake
Bonington
Bryullov
Chassériau
Church
Constable
Cole
Corot
Dahl
David d'Angers
Delacroix
Friedrich
Fuseli
Géricault
Girodet
Głowacki
Goya
Gude
Hayez
Janmot
Jones
Kiprensky
Koch
Lampi
Leutze
Loutherbourg
Maison
Martin
Michałowski
Palmer
Porto-Alegre
Préault
Révoil
Richard
Rude
Runge
Saleh
Scheffer
Stattler
Stroj
Tidemand
Tropinin
Turner
Veit
Ward
Wiertz







 « Age of Enlightenment
Realism » 








Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 95207079
LCCN: n78095541
ISNI: 0000 0001 2144 1874
GND: 118612409
SELIBR: 211278
SUDOC: 027129489
BNF: cb11924221r (data)
BIBSYS: 90058655
ULAN: 500069589
MusicBrainz: 627f5ca8-c745-4e1c-a646-facdfe1cabdf
NLA: 35486165
NDL: 00455918
NKC: jn19990007395
ICCU: IT\ICCU\CFIV\006674
RLS: 000081966
BNE: XX913959
RKD: 254119










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Walter_Scott&oldid=790381674"					
Categories: Walter Scott1771 births1832 deaths18th-century Scottish poets19th-century antiquarians19th-century biographers19th-century judges19th-century Scottish lawyers19th-century Scottish novelists19th-century Scottish poetsAlumni of the University of EdinburghBaronets in the Baronetage of the United KingdomBritish literary editorsBritish medievalistsClan ScottElders of the Church of ScotlandFellows of the Royal Society of EdinburghHistorians of ScotlandLiterary critics of EnglishMembers of The ClubMembers of the Faculty of AdvocatesMembers of the Royal Company of ArchersPeople educated at Kelso High SchoolPeople educated at the Royal High School, EdinburghWriters from EdinburghPeople of the Scottish EnlightenmentPresidents of the Royal Society of EdinburghPrincipal Clerks of Session and JusticiaryRomantic poetsScott family of AbbotsfordScottish biographersScottish diaristsScottish folkloristsScottish FreemasonsScottish historical novelistsScottish literary criticsScottish sheriffsScottish people with disabilitiesScottish publishers (people)Scottish song collectorsScottish translatorsWriters of Arthurian literatureWriters of historical fiction set in the Middle AgesWriters of historical novels set in Early Modern periodHidden categories: Pages containing links to subscription-only contentWikipedia introduction cleanup from February 2017All pages needing cleanupArticles covered by WikiProject Wikify from February 2017All articles covered by WikiProject WikifyPages using Infobox writer with unknown parametersAll pages needing factual verificationWikipedia articles needing factual verification from July 2013All articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from September 2016Articles with Project Gutenberg linksArticles with Internet Archive linksArticles with LibriVox linksWikipedia articles incorporating a citation from the 1911 Encyclopaedia Britannica with Wikisource referenceUse British English from December 2014Use dmy dates from March 2016AC with 17 elementsWikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with LCCN identifiersWikipedia articles with ISNI identifiersWikipedia articles with GND identifiersWikipedia articles with SELIBR identifiersWikipedia articles with BNF identifiersWikipedia articles with BIBSYS identifiersWikipedia articles with ULAN identifiersWikipedia articles with MusicBrainz identifiersWikipedia articles with NLA identifiersWikipedia articles with SBN identifiersWikipedia articles with RKDartists identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia CommonsWikiquoteWikisource 



Languages


AfrikaansAlemannischالعربيةAsturianuAzərbaycancaবাংলাБеларускаяБеларуская (тарашкевіца)‎БългарскиBosanskiBrezhonegCatalàČeštinaCymraegDanskDeutschEestiΕλληνικάEspañolEsperantoEuskaraفارسیFrançaisFryskGaeilgeGàidhligGalego한국어Հայերենहिन्दीHrvatskiIdoBahasa IndonesiaInterlinguaÍslenskaItalianoעבריתBasa JawaქართულიҚазақшаКырык марыLatinaLatviešuLietuviųMagyarमैथिलीМакедонскиMalagasyमराठीМонголမြန်မာဘာသာNederlandsनेपाली日本語Norsk bokmålਪੰਜਾਬੀPiemontèisPolskiPortuguêsRomânăРусскийScotsSimple EnglishSlovenčinaSlovenščinaСрпски / srpskiSrpskohrvatski / српскохрватскиSuomiSvenskaTagalogТатарча/tatarçaTürkçeУкраїнськаTiếng Việt中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 13 July 2017, at 11:33.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 






 




South Carolina Officer Is Charged With Murder of Walter Scott - The New York Times










































































































































NYTimes.com no longer supports Internet Explorer 9 or earlier. Please upgrade your browser.
LEARN MORE »









Sections

Home

Search
Skip to content
Skip to navigation
View mobile version




The New York Times





U.S.|South Carolina Officer Is Charged With Murder of Walter Scott







Search

Subscribe Now
Log In


0
Settings




Close search



https://nyti.ms/1N58v7V








Advertisement








Supported by



U.S.

South Carolina Officer Is Charged With Murder of Walter Scott

By MICHAEL S. SCHMIDT and MATT APUZZOAPRIL 7, 2015



Continue reading the main story
Share This Page

Continue reading the main story












Video

Video Shows Fatal Police Shooting


In video provided to The New York Times, a police officer in North Charleston, S.C., is seen shooting an apparently unarmed man after a scuffle following a traffic stop.

Publish Date April 7, 2015.
                                    

                    .
                
Watch in Times Video »







embed










WASHINGTON —  A white police officer in North Charleston, S.C., was charged with murder on Tuesday after a video surfaced showing him shooting in the back and killing an apparently unarmed black man while the man ran away.The officer, Michael T. Slager, 33, said he had feared for his life because the man had taken his stun gun in a scuffle after a traffic stop on Saturday. A video, however, shows the officer firing eight times as the man, Walter L. Scott, 50, fled. The North Charleston mayor announced the state charges at a news conference Tuesday evening.The shooting came on the heels of high-profile instances of police officers’ using lethal force in New York, Cleveland, Ferguson, Mo., and elsewhere. The deaths have set off a national debate over whether the police are too quick to use force, particularly in cases involving black men.A White House task force has recommended a host of changes to the nation’s police policies, and President Obama sent Attorney General Eric H. Holder Jr. to cities around the country to try to improve police relations with minority neighborhoods.North Charleston is South Carolina’s third-largest city, with a population of about 100,000. African-Americans make up about 47 percent of residents, and whites account for about 37 percent. The Police Department is about 80 percent white, according to data collected by the Justice Department in 2007, the most recent period available.
Photo






Officer Michael T. Slager


“When you’re wrong, you’re wrong,” Mayor Keith Summey said during the news conference. “And if you make a bad decision, don’t care if you’re behind the shield or just a citizen on the street, you have to live by that decision.”The shooting unfolded after Officer Slager stopped the driver of a Mercedes-Benz with a broken taillight, according to police reports. Mr. Scott ran away, and Officer Slager chased him into a grassy lot that abuts a muffler shop. He fired his Taser, an electronic stun gun, but it did not stop Mr. Scott, according to police reports.Moments after the struggle, Officer Slager reported on his radio: “Shots fired and the subject is down. He took my Taser,” according to police reports.But the video, which was taken by a bystander and provided to The New York Times by the Scott family’s lawyer, presents a different account. The video begins in the vacant lot, apparently moments after Officer Slager fired his Taser. Wires, which carry the electrical current from the stun gun, appear to be extending from Mr. Scott’s body as the two men tussle and Mr. Scott turns to run.Something — it is not clear whether it is the stun gun — is either tossed or knocked to the ground behind the two men, and Officer Slager draws his gun, the video shows. When the officer fires, Mr. Scott appears to be 15 to 20 feet away and fleeing. He falls after the last of eight shots.
Video

Reaction to Walter L. Scott Shooting


Family members of Walter L. Scott, a black man shot to death by a white South Carolina police officer, reacted after the mayor of North Charleston said the officer would be charged with murder.

                    By Reuters on                                                                Publish Date April 8, 2015.
                                    

                    Photo by Reuters.
                
Watch in Times Video »







embed










The officer then runs back toward where the initial scuffle occurred and picks something up off the ground. Moments later, he drops an object near Mr. Scott’s body, the video shows.The South Carolina Law Enforcement Division, the state’s criminal investigative body, has begun an inquiry into the shooting. The F.B.I. and the Justice Department, which has opened a string of civil rights investigations into police departments under Mr. Holder, is also investigating.The Supreme Court has held that an officer may use deadly force against a fleeing suspect only when there is probable cause that the suspect “poses a significant threat of death or serious physical injury to the officer or others.”Officer Slager served in the Coast Guard before joining the force five years ago, his lawyer said. The police chief of North Charleston did not return repeated calls. Because police departments are not required to release data on how often officers use force, it was not immediately clear how often police shootings occurred in North Charleston, a working-class community adjacent to the tourist destination of Charleston.Mr. Scott had been arrested about 10 times, mostly for failing to pay child support or show up for court hearings, according to The Post and Courier newspaper of Charleston. He was arrested in 1987 on an assault and battery charge and convicted in 1991 of possession of a bludgeon, the newspaper reported. Mr. Scott’s brother, Anthony, said he believed Mr. Scott had fled from the police on Saturday because he owed child support.
Photo






For several minutes after the shooting, Walter L. Scott remained face down with his hands cuffed behind his back.


“He has four children; he doesn’t have some type of big violent past or arrest record,” said Chris Stewart, a lawyer for Mr. Scott’s family. “He had a job; he was engaged. He had back child support and didn’t want to go to jail for back child support.”Mr. Stewart said the coroner had told him that Mr. Scott was struck five times — three times in the back, once in the upper buttocks and once in the ear — with at least one bullet entering his heart. It is not clear whether Mr. Scott died immediately. (The coroner’s office declined to make the report available to The Times.)Police reports say that officers performed CPR and delivered first aid to Mr. Scott. The video shows that for several minutes after the shooting, Mr. Scott remained face down with his hands cuffed behind his back. A second officer arrives, puts on blue medical gloves and attends to Mr. Scott, but is not shown performing CPR. As sirens wail in the background, a third officer later arrives, apparently with a medical kit, but is also not seen performing CPR.
Newsletter Sign Up
Continue reading the main story

  


Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box.
Invalid email address. Please re-enter.
You must select a newsletter to subscribe to.



Sign Up







You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services.





Thank you for subscribing.
An error has occurred. Please try again later.
You are already subscribed to this email.
View all New York Times newsletters.


See Sample
Manage Email Preferences
Not you?
Privacy Policy
Opt out or contact us anytime




The debate over police use of force has been propelled in part by videos like the one in South Carolina. In January, prosecutors in Albuquerque charged two police officers with murder for shooting a homeless man in a confrontation that was captured by an officer’s body camera. Federal prosecutors are investigating the death of Eric Garner,  who died last year in Staten Island after a police officer put him in a chokehold, an episode that a bystander captured on video. A video taken in Cleveland shows the police shooting a 12-year-old boy, Tamir Rice, who was carrying a fake gun in a park. A White House policing panel recommended that police departments put more video cameras on their officers.Mr. Scott’s brother said his mother had called him on Saturday, telling him that his brother had been shot by a Taser after a traffic stop. “You may need to go over there and see what’s going on,” he said his mother told him. When he arrived at the scene of the shooting, officers told him that his brother was dead, but he said they had no explanation for why. “This just doesn’t sound right,” he said in an interview. “How do you lose your life at a traffic stop?”

Anthony Scott said he last saw his brother three weeks ago at a family oyster roast. “We hadn’t hung out like that in such a long time,” Mr. Scott said. “He kept on saying over and over again how great it was.”At the roast, Mr. Scott got to do two of the things he enjoyed most: tell jokes and dance. When one of Mr. Scott’s favorite songs was played, he got excited. “He jumped up and said, ‘That’s my song,’ and he danced like never before,” his brother said.
Continue reading the main story






We’re interested in your feedback on this page. Tell us what you think.





























What's Next


Loading...









Go to Home Page »

Site Index

The New York Times



























Walter Scott - Wikipedia






















 






Walter Scott

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

For other people named Walter Scott, see Walter Scott (disambiguation).





This article's lead section may not adequately summarize key points of its contents. Please consider expanding the lead to provide an accessible overview of all important aspects of the article. Please discuss this issue on the article's talk page. (February 2017)




Sir Walter Scott, Bt



Raeburn's portrait of Sir Walter Scott in 1822



Born
15 August 1771
College Wynd, Edinburgh
Scotland


Died
21 September 1832(1832-09-21) (aged 61)
Abbotsford, Roxburghshire
Scotland


Occupation



Historical novelist
Poet



Advocate



Sheriff-Depute
Clerk of Session





Nationality
British


Alma mater
University of Edinburgh


Period
19th century


Literary movement
Romanticism


Spouse
Charlotte Carpenter (Charpentier)






Signature



Sir Walter Scott, 1st Baronet, FRSE (15 August 1771 – 21 September 1832) was a Scottish historical novelist, playwright and poet. Many of his works remain classics of both English-language literature and of Scottish literature. Famous titles include Ivanhoe, Rob Roy, Old Mortality, The Lady of the Lake, Waverley, The Heart of Midlothian and The Bride of Lammermoor.
Although primarily remembered for his extensive literary works and his political engagement, Scott was an advocate, judge and legal administrator by profession, and throughout his career combined his writing and editing work with his daily occupation as Clerk of Session and Sheriff-Depute of Selkirkshire.
A prominent member of the Tory establishment in Edinburgh, Scott was an active member of the Highland Society and served a long term as President of the Royal Society of Edinburgh (1820–32).



Contents


1 Life and works

1.1 Early days
1.2 Meeting with Blacklock and Burns
1.3 Start of literary career, marriage and family
1.4 Poetry
1.5 Novelism
1.6 Recovery of the Crown Jewels, baronetcy and ceremonial pageantry
1.7 Financial problems and death


2 Personal life
3 Abbotsford
4 Legacy

4.1 Later assessment
4.2 Memorials and commemoration
4.3 Literature by other authors


5 Bibliography

5.1 Novels
5.2 Poetry
5.3 Short stories
5.4 Plays
5.5 Non-fiction


6 See also
7 References
8 Further reading
9 External links



Life and works[edit]
Early days[edit]




Scott's childhood at Sandyknowes, in the shadow of Smailholm Tower, introduced him to the tales and folklore of the Scottish Borders.


The son of a Writer to the Signet (solicitor),[1] Scott was born in 1771 in his Presbyterian family's third-floor flat on College Wynd in the Old Town of Edinburgh, a narrow alleyway leading from the Cowgate to the gates of the University of Edinburgh (Old College).[2] He survived a childhood bout of polio in 1773 that left him lame,[3] a condition that was to have a significant effect on his life and writing.[4] To cure his lameness he was sent in 1773 to live in the rural Scottish Borders at his paternal grandparents' farm at Sandyknowe, adjacent to the ruin of Smailholm Tower, the earlier family home.[5] Here he was taught to read by his aunt Jenny, and learned from her the speech patterns and many of the tales and legends that characterised much of his work. In January 1775 he returned to Edinburgh, and that summer went with his aunt Jenny to take spa treatment at Bath in England, where they lived at 6 South Parade.[6] In the winter of 1776 he went back to Sandyknowe, with another attempt at a water cure at Prestonpans during the following summer.[5]




The Scotts' family home in George Square, Edinburgh


In 1778, Scott returned to Edinburgh for private education to prepare him for school, and joined his family in their new house built as one of the first in George Square.[2] In October 1779 he began at the Royal High School of Edinburgh (in High School Yards). He was now well able to walk and explore the city and the surrounding countryside. His reading included chivalric romances, poems, history and travel books. He was given private tuition by James Mitchell in arithmetic and writing, and learned from him the history of the Church of Scotland with emphasis on the Covenanters. After finishing school he was sent to stay for six months with his aunt Jenny in Kelso, attending the local grammar school where he met James and John Ballantyne, who later became his business partners and printed his books.[7]
Meeting with Blacklock and Burns[edit]
Scott began studying classics at the University of Edinburgh in November 1783, at the age of 12, a year or so younger than most of his fellow students. In March 1786 he began an apprenticeship in his father's office to become a Writer to the Signet. While at the university Scott had become a friend of Adam Ferguson, the son of Professor Adam Ferguson who hosted literary salons. Scott met the blind poet Thomas Blacklock, who lent him books and introduced him to James Macpherson's Ossian cycle of poems. During the winter of 1786–87 the 15-year-old Scott saw Robert Burns at one of these salons, for what was to be their only meeting. When Burns noticed a print illustrating the poem "The Justice of the Peace" and asked who had written the poem, only Scott knew that it was by John Langhorne, and was thanked by Burns.[8] When it was decided that he would become a lawyer, he returned to the university to study law, first taking classes in Moral Philosophy and Universal History in 1789–90.[7]
After completing his studies in law, he became a lawyer in Edinburgh. As a lawyer's clerk he made his first visit to the Scottish Highlands directing an eviction. He was admitted to the Faculty of Advocates in 1792. He had an unsuccessful love suit with Williamina Belsches of Fettercairn, who married Scott's friend Sir William Forbes, 7th Baronet.
Start of literary career, marriage and family[edit]




A copy of Scott's Minstrelsy in the National Museum of Scotland


As a boy, youth and young man, Scott was fascinated by the oral traditions of the Scottish Borders. He was an obsessive collector of stories, and developed an innovative method of recording what he heard at the feet of local story-tellers using carvings on twigs, to avoid the disapproval of those who believed that such stories were neither for writing down nor for printing.[9] At the age of 25 he began to write professionally, translating works from German,[10] his first publication being rhymed versions of ballads by Gottfried August Bürger in 1796. He then published an idiosyncratic three-volume set of collected ballads of his adopted home region, The Minstrelsy of the Scottish Border. This was the first sign from a literary standpoint of his interest in Scottish history.
As a result of his early polio infection, Scott had a pronounced limp. He was described in 1820 as tall, well formed (except for one ankle and foot which made him walk lamely), neither fat nor thin, with forehead very high, nose short, upper lip long and face rather fleshy, complexion fresh and clear, eyes very blue, shrewd and penetrating, with hair now silvery white.[11] Although a determined walker, on horseback he experienced greater freedom of movement. Unable to consider a military career, Scott enlisted as a volunteer in the 1st Lothian and Border yeomanry.[12]
On a trip to the Lake District with old college friends he met Charlotte Genevieve Charpentier (or Carpenter), daughter of Jean Charpentier of Lyon in France, and ward of Lord Downshire in Cumberland, an Episcopalian. After three weeks of courtship, Scott proposed and they were married on Christmas Eve 1797 in St Mary's Church, Carlisle (a church set up in the now destroyed nave of Carlisle Cathedral).[13][14] After renting a house in George Street, they moved to nearby South Castle Street. They had five children, of whom four survived by the time of Scott's death, most baptized by an Episcopalian clergyman. In 1799 he was appointed Sheriff-Depute of the County of Selkirk, based in the Royal Burgh of Selkirk. In his early married days Scott had a decent living from his earnings at the law, his salary as Sheriff-Depute, his wife's income, some revenue from his writing, and his share of his father's rather meagre estate.
After their third son was born in 1801, they moved to a spacious three-storey house built for Scott at 39 North Castle Street. This remained Scott's base in Edinburgh until 1826, when he could no longer afford two homes. From 1798 Scott had spent the summers in a cottage at Lasswade, where he entertained guests including literary figures, and it was there that his career as an author began. There were nominal residency requirements for his position of Sheriff-Depute, and at first he stayed at a local inn during the circuit. In 1804 he ended his use of the Lasswade cottage and leased the substantial house of Ashestiel, 6 miles (9.7 km) from Selkirk. It was sited on the south bank of the River Tweed, and the building incorporated an old tower house.[2]
Scott's father, also Walter (1729–1799), was a Freemason, being a member of Lodge St David, No.36 (Edinburgh), and Scott also became a Freemason in his father's Lodge in 1801, albeit only after the death of his father.[15]
Poetry[edit]




Sir Walter Scott, novelist and poet - painted by Sir William Allan


In 1796, Scott's friend James Ballantyne[16] founded a printing press in Kelso, in the Scottish Borders. Through Ballantyne, Scott was able to publish his first works, including "Glenfinlas" and "The Eve of St. John", and his poetry then began to bring him to public attention. In 1805, The Lay of the Last Minstrel captured wide public imagination, and his career as a writer was established in spectacular fashion.
He published many other poems over the next ten years, including the popular The Lady of the Lake, printed in 1810 and set in the Trossachs. Portions of the German translation of this work were set to music by Franz Schubert. One of these songs, "Ellens dritter Gesang", is popularly labelled as "Schubert's Ave Maria".
Beethoven's opus 108 "Twenty-Five Scottish Songs" includes 3 folk songs whose words are by Walter Scott.
Marmion, published in 1808, produced lines that have become proverbial. Canto VI. Stanza 17 reads:


Yet Clare's sharp questions must I shun
Must separate Constance from the nun
Oh! what a tangled web we weave
When first we practise to deceive!
A Palmer too! No wonder why
I felt rebuked beneath his eye.[17]


In 1809 Scott persuaded James Ballantyne and his brother to move to Edinburgh and to establish their printing press there. He became a partner in their business. As a political conservative,[18] Scott helped to found the Tory Quarterly Review, a review journal to which he made several anonymous contributions. Scott was also a contributor to the Edinburgh Review, which espoused Whig views.
Scott was ordained as an elder in the Presbyterian Church of Duddington and sat in the General Assembly for a time as representative elder of the burgh of Selkirk.
When the lease of Ashestiel expired in 1811 Scott bought Cartley Hole Farm, on the south bank of the River Tweed nearer Melrose. The farm had the nickname of "Clarty Hole", and when Scott built a family cottage there in 1812 he named it "Abbotsford". He continued to expand the estate, and built Abbotsford House in a series of extensions.[2]
In 1813 Scott was offered the position of Poet Laureate. He declined, due to concerns that "such an appointment would be a poisoned chalice", as the Laureateship had fallen into disrepute, due to the decline in quality of work suffered by previous title holders, ", as a succession of poetasters had churned out conventional and obsequious odes on royal occasions."[19] He sought advice from the Duke of Buccleuch, who counseled him to retain his literary independence, and the position went to Scott's friend, Robert Southey.[20]
Novelism[edit]




A Legend of Montrose, illustration from the 1872 edition


Although Scott had attained worldwide celebrity through his poetry, he soon tried his hand at documenting his researches into the oral tradition of the Scottish Borders in prose fiction—stories and novels—at the time still considered aesthetically inferior to poetry (above all to such classical genres as the epic or poetic tragedy) as a mimetic vehicle for portraying historical events. In an innovative and astute action, he wrote and published his first novel, Waverley, anonymously in 1814. It was a tale of the Jacobite rising of 1745. Its English protagonist, Edward Waverley, like Don Quixote a great reader of romances, has been brought up by his Tory uncle, who is sympathetic to Jacobitism, although Edward's own father is a Whig. The youthful Waverley obtains a commission in the Whig army and is posted in Dundee. On leave, he meets his uncle's friend, the Jacobite Baron Bradwardine and is attracted to the Baron's daughter Rose. On a visit to the Highlands, Edward overstays his leave and is arrested and charged with desertion but is rescued by the Highland chieftain Fergus MacIvor and his mesmerizing sister Flora, whose devotion to the Stuart cause, "as it exceeded her brother's in fanaticism, excelled it also in purity". Through Flora, Waverley meets Bonnie Prince Charlie, and under her influence goes over to the Jacobite side and takes part in the Battle of Prestonpans. He escapes retribution, however, after saving the life of a Whig colonel during the battle. Waverley (whose surname reflects his divided loyalties) eventually decides to lead a peaceful life of establishment respectability under the House of Hanover rather than live as a proscribed rebel. He chooses to marry the beautiful Rose Bradwardine, rather than cast his lot with the sublime Flora MacIvor, who, after the failure of the '45 rising, retires to a French convent.
There followed a succession of novels over the next five years, each with a Scottish historical setting. Mindful of his reputation as a poet, Scott maintained the anonymity he had begun with Waverley, publishing the novels under the name "Author of Waverley" or as "Tales of..." with no author. Among those familiar with his poetry, his identity became an open secret, but Scott persisted in maintaining the façade, perhaps because he thought his old-fashioned father would disapprove of his engaging in such a trivial pursuit as novel writing. During this time Scott became known by the nickname "The Wizard of the North". In 1815 he was given the honour of dining with George, Prince Regent, who wanted to meet the "Author of Waverley".




"Edgar and Lucie at Mermaiden's well" by Charles Robert Leslie (1886), after Sir Walter Scott's Bride of Lammermoor. Lucie is wearing a full plaid.


Scott's 1819 series Tales of my Landlord is sometimes considered a subset of the Waverley novels and was intended to illustrate aspects of Scottish regional life. Among the best known is The Bride of Lammermoor, a fictionalized version of an actual incident in the history of the Dalrymple family that took place in the Lammermuir Hills in 1669. In the novel, Lucie Ashton and the nobly born but now dispossessed and impoverished Edgar Ravenswood exchange vows. But the Ravenswoods and the wealthy Ashtons, who now own the former Ravenswood lands, are enemies, and Lucie's mother forces her daughter to break her engagement to Edgar and marry the wealthy Sir Arthur Bucklaw. Lucie falls into a depression and on their wedding night stabs the bridegroom, succumbs to insanity, and dies. In 1821, French Romantic painter Eugène Delacroix painted a portrait depicting himself as the melancholy, disinherited Edgar Ravenswood. The prolonged, climactic coloratura mad scene for Lucia in Donizetti's 1835 bel canto opera Lucia di Lammermoor is based on what in the novel were just a few bland sentences.
Tales of my Landlord includes the now highly regarded novel Old Mortality, set in 1679–89 against the backdrop of the ferocious anti-Covenanting campaign of the Tory Graham of Claverhouse, subsequently made Viscount Dundee (called "Bluidy Clavers" by his opponents but later dubbed "Bonnie Dundee" by Scott). The Covenanters were presbyterians who had supported the Restoration of Charles II on promises of a Presbyterian settlement, but he had instead reintroduced Episcopalian church government with draconian penalties for Presbyterian worship. This led to the destitution of around 270 ministers who had refused to take an oath of allegiance and submit themselves to bishops, and who continued to conduct worship among a remnant of their flock in caves and other remote country spots. The relentless persecution of these conventicles and attempts to break them up by military force had led to open revolt. The story is told from the point of view of Henry Morton, a moderate Presbyterian, who is unwittingly drawn into the conflict and barely escapes summary execution. In writing Old Mortality Scott drew upon the knowledge he had acquired from his researches into ballads on the subject for The Minstrelsy of the Scottish Border.[21] Scott's background as a lawyer also informed his perspective, for at the time of the novel, which takes place before the Act of Union of 1707, English law did not apply in Scotland, and afterwards Scotland has continued to have its own Scots law as a hybrid legal system. A recent critic, who is a legal as well as a literary scholar, argues that Old Mortality not only reflects the dispute between Stuart's absolute monarchy and the jurisdiction of the courts, but also invokes a foundational moment in British sovereignty, namely, the Habeas Corpus Act (also known as the Great Writ), passed by the English Parliament in 1679.[22] Oblique reference to the origin of Habeas corpus underlies Scott's next novel, Ivanhoe, set during the era of the creation of the Magna Carta, which political conservatives like Walter Scott and Edmund Burke regarded as rooted in immemorial British custom and precedent.
Ivanhoe (1819), set in 12th-century England, marked a move away from Scott's focus on the local history of Scotland. Based partly on Hume's History of England and the ballad cycle of Robin Hood, Ivanhoe was quickly translated into many languages and inspired countless imitations and theatrical adaptations. Ivanhoe depicts the cruel tyranny of the Norman overlords (Norman Yoke) over the impoverished Saxon populace of England, with two of the main characters, Rowena and Locksley (Robin Hood), representing the dispossessed Saxon aristocracy. When the protagonists are captured and imprisoned by a Norman baron, Scott interrupts the story to exclaim:

It is grievous to think that those valiant barons, to whose stand against the crown the liberties of England were indebted for their existence, should themselves have been such dreadful oppressors, and capable of excesses contrary not only to the laws of England, but to those of nature and humanity. But, alas ...fiction itself can hardly reach the dark reality of the horrors of the period. (Chapter 24.33)

The institution of the Magna Carta, which happens outside the time frame of the story, is portrayed as a progressive (incremental) reform, but also as a step towards the recovery of a lost golden age of liberty endemic to England and the English system. Scott puts a derisive prophecy in the mouth of the jester Wamba:


Norman saw on English oak.
On English neck a Norman yoke;
Norman spoon to English dish,
And England ruled as Normans wish;
Blithe world in England never will be more,
Till England's rid of all the four. (Ivanhoe, Ch. xxvii)


Although on the surface an entertaining escapist romance, alert contemporary readers would have quickly recognised the political subtext of Ivanhoe, which appeared immediately after the English Parliament, fearful of French-style revolution in the aftermath of Waterloo, had passed the Habeas Corpus Suspension acts of 1817 and 1818 and other extremely repressive measures, and when traditional English Charter rights versus revolutionary human rights was a topic of discussion.[23]
Ivanhoe was also remarkable in its sympathetic portrayal of Jewish characters: Rebecca, considered by many critics the book's real heroine, does not in the end get to marry Ivanhoe, whom she loves, but Scott allows her to remain faithful to her own religion, rather than having her convert to Christianity. Likewise, her father, Isaac of York, a Jewish moneylender, is shown as a victim rather than a villain. In Ivanhoe, which is one of Scott's Waverley novels, religious and sectarian fanatics are the villains, while the eponymous hero is a bystander who must weigh the evidence and decide where to take a stand. Scott's positive portrayal of Judaism, which reflects his humanity and concern for religious toleration, also coincided with a contemporary movement for the Emancipation of the Jews in England.
Recovery of the Crown Jewels, baronetcy and ceremonial pageantry[edit]




Rediscovering the 'lost' Honours of Scotland in 1818






George IV landing at Leith in 1822


Scott's fame grew as his explorations and interpretations of Scottish history and society captured popular imagination. Impressed by this, the Prince Regent (the future George IV) gave Scott permission to conduct a search for the Crown Jewels ("Honours of Scotland"). During the years of the Protectorate under Cromwell the Crown Jewels had been hidden away, but had subsequently been used to crown Charles II. They were not used to crown subsequent monarchs, but were regularly taken to sittings of Parliament, to represent the absent monarch, until the Act of Union 1707. Thereafter, the honours were stored in Edinburgh Castle, but the large locked box in which they were stored was not opened for more than 100 years, and stories circulated that they had been "lost" or removed. In 1818, Scott and a small team of military men opened the box, and "unearthed" the honours from the Crown Room in the depths of Edinburgh Castle. A grateful Prince Regent granted Scott the title of baronet,[24] and in March 1820 he received the baronetcy in London, becoming Sir Walter Scott, 1st Baronet.[25]
After George's accession to the throne, the city council of Edinburgh invited Scott, at the King's behest, to stage-manage the 1822 visit of King George IV to Scotland.[24] With only three weeks for planning and execution, Scott created a spectacular and comprehensive pageant, designed not only to impress the King, but also in some way to heal the rifts that had destabilised Scots society. He used the event to contribute to the drawing of a line under an old world that pitched his homeland into regular bouts of bloody strife. He, along with his "production team", mounted what in modern days could be termed a PR event, in which the King was dressed in tartan, and was greeted by his people, many of whom were also dressed in similar tartan ceremonial dress. This form of dress, proscribed after the 1745 rebellion against the English, became one of the seminal, potent and ubiquitous symbols of Scottish identity.[26]
In his novel Kenilworth, Elizabeth I is welcomed to the castle of that name by means of an elaborate pageant, the details of which Scott was well qualified to itemize.
Much of Scott's autograph work shows an almost stream-of-consciousness approach to writing. He included little in the way of punctuation in his drafts, leaving such details to the printers to supply.[27] He eventually acknowledged in 1827 that he was the author of the Waverley Novels.[26]
Financial problems and death[edit]




Sir Walter Scott's grave at Dryburgh Abbey


In 1825 a UK-wide banking crisis resulted in the collapse of the Ballantyne printing business, of which Scott was the only partner with a financial interest; the company's debts of £130,000 (equivalent to £9,600,000 in 2015) caused his very public ruin.[28] Rather than declare himself bankrupt, or to accept any kind of financial support from his many supporters and admirers (including the king himself), he placed his house and income in a trust belonging to his creditors, and determined to write his way out of debt. He kept up his prodigious output of fiction, as well as producing a biography of Napoleon Bonaparte, until 1831. By then his health was failing, but he nevertheless undertook a grand tour of Europe, and was welcomed and celebrated wherever he went. He returned to Scotland and, in September 1832, during the epidemic in Scotland that year, died of typhus[29] at Abbotsford, the home he had designed and had built, near Melrose in the Scottish Borders. (His wife, Lady Scott, had died in 1826 and was buried as an Episcopalian.) Two Presbyterian ministers and one Episcopalian officiated at his funeral.[30] Scott died owing money, but his novels continued to sell, and the debts encumbering his estate were discharged shortly after his death.[28]
Personal life[edit]
Scott's eldest son Lt Walter Scott, inherited his father's estate and possessions. He married Jane Jobson, only daughter of William Jobson of Lochore (died 1822) and his wife Rachel Stuart (died 1863) on 3 February 1825.[31]
Scott, Sr.'s lawyer from at least 1814 was Hay Donaldson WS (died 1822), who was also agent to the Duke of Buccleuch. Scott was Donaldson's proposer when he was elected a Fellow of the Royal Society of Edinburgh.[32]
His distant cousin was the poet Randall Swingler.
Abbotsford[edit]




Abbotsford House






Tomb of Walter Scott, in Dryburgh Abbey by Henry Fox Talbot, 1844


When Scott was a boy, he sometimes travelled with his father from Selkirk to Melrose, where some of his novels are set. At a certain spot the old gentleman would stop the carriage and take his son to a stone on the site of the Battle of Melrose (1526).[33]
During the summers from 1804, Scott made his home at the large house of Ashestiel, on the south bank of the River Tweed 6 miles (9.7 km) north of Selkirk. When his lease on this property expired in 1811, Scott bought Cartley Hole Farm, downstream on the Tweed nearer Melrose. The farm had the nickname of "Clarty Hole", and when Scott built a family cottage there in 1812 he named it "Abbotsford". He continued to expand the estate, and built Abbotsford House in a series of extensions.[2] The farmhouse developed into a wonderful home that has been likened to a fairy palace. Scott was a pioneer of the Scottish Baronial style of architecture, therefore Abbotsford is festooned with turrets and stepped gabling. Through windows enriched with the insignia of heraldry the sun shone on suits of armour, trophies of the chase, a library of more than 9,000 volumes, fine furniture, and still finer pictures. Panelling of oak and cedar and carved ceilings relieved by coats of arms in their correct colours added to the beauty of the house.[34][verification needed]
It is estimated that the building cost Scott more than £25,000 (equivalent to £1,900,000 in 2015). More land was purchased until Scott owned nearly 1,000 acres (4.0 km2). A Roman road with a ford near Melrose used in olden days by the abbots of Melrose suggested the name of Abbotsford. Scott was buried in Dryburgh Abbey, where his wife had earlier been interred. Nearby is a large statue of William Wallace, one of Scotland's many romanticised historical figures.[35] Abbotsford later gave its name to the Abbotsford Club, founded in 1834 in memory of Sir Walter Scott.[36]
Legacy[edit]


Part of the Politics series on


Toryism







Characteristics


Monarchism
Traditionalism
High Church Anglicanism
Traditional Catholicism
Loyalism
Royalism
Interventionism
Agrarianism/Self-sufficiency
Counterrevolution
Classicism
High culture
Noblesse oblige
Organic unity
Unionism








General topics


Cavaliers
Cavalier Parliament
Château Clique
Jacobitism
Divine right of kings
Corporatism
Family Compact (Canada)
Oxford Movement
Powellism








People


Robert Filmer
1st Earl of Clarendon
Roger L'Estrange
1st Earl of Rochester
1st Viscount Bolingbroke
3rd Earl of Bute
1st Duke of Wellington
Walter Scott
Stanley Baldwin
G. K. Chesterton
Winston Churchill
Enoch Powell
George Grant








Related topics


Conservatism
Distributists
Miguelism
Vendéens
Chouans
Legitimism
Carlism
Sanfedismo
Viva Maria
Cristeros
Reactionary
High Tory
Red Tory
Loyalist
Royalist
Veronese Easter
Tory corporatism
Tory socialism
Pink Tory
Ultra-Tories









v
t
e





Later assessment[edit]







Although he continued to be extremely popular and widely read, both at home and abroad,[37] Scott's critical reputation declined in the last half of the 19th century as serious writers turned from romanticism to realism, and Scott began to be regarded as an author suitable for children. This trend accelerated in the 20th century. For example, in his classic study Aspects of the Novel (1927), E. M. Forster harshly criticized Scott's clumsy and slapdash writing style, "flat" characters, and thin plots. In contrast, the novels of Scott's contemporary Jane Austen, once appreciated only by the discerning few (including, as it happened, Sir Walter Scott himself) rose steadily in critical esteem, though Austen, as a female writer, was still faulted for her narrow ("feminine") choice of subject matter, which, unlike Scott, avoided the grand historical themes traditionally viewed as masculine.
Nevertheless, Scott's importance as an innovator continued to be recognized. He was acclaimed as the inventor of the genre of the modern historical novel (which others trace to Jane Porter, whose work in the genre predates Scott's) and the inspiration for enormous numbers of imitators and genre writers both in Britain and on the European continent. In the cultural sphere, Scott's Waverley novels played a significant part in the movement (begun with James Macpherson's Ossian cycle) in rehabilitating the public perception of the Scottish Highlands and its culture, which had been formally suppressed as barbaric, and viewed in the southern mind as a breeding ground of hill bandits, religious fanaticism, and Jacobite rebellions. Scott served as chairman of the Royal Society of Edinburgh and was also a member of the Royal Celtic Society. His own contribution to the reinvention of Scottish culture was enormous, even though his re-creations of the customs of the Highlands were fanciful at times, despite his extensive travels around his native country. It is a testament to Scott's contribution in creating a unified identity for Scotland that Edinburgh's central railway station, opened in 1854 by the North British Railway, is called Waverley. The fact that Scott was a Lowland Presbyterian, rather than a Gaelic-speaking Catholic Highlander, made him more acceptable to a conservative English reading public. Scott's novels were certainly influential in the making of the Victorian craze for all things Scottish among British royalty, who were anxious to claim legitimacy through their rather attenuated historical connection with the royal house of Stuart.[citation needed]
At the time Scott wrote, Scotland was poised to move away from an era of socially divisive clan warfare to a modern world of literacy and industrial capitalism. Through the medium of Scott's novels, the violent religious and political conflicts of the country's recent past could be seen as belonging to history—which Scott defined, as the subtitle of Waverley ("'Tis Sixty Years Since") indicates, as something that happened at least 60 years ago. Scott's advocacy of objectivity and moderation and his strong repudiation of political violence on either side also had a strong, though unspoken, contemporary resonance in an era when many conservative English speakers lived in mortal fear of a revolution in the French style on British soil. Scott's orchestration of King George IV's visit to Scotland, in 1822, was a pivotal event intended to inspire a view of his home country that, in his view, accentuated the positive aspects of the past while allowing the age of quasi-medieval blood-letting to be put to rest, while envisioning a more useful, peaceful future.
After Scott's work had been essentially unstudied for many decades, a revival of critical interest began from the 1960s. Postmodern tastes favoured discontinuous narratives and the introduction of the "first person", yet they were more favourable to Scott's work than Modernist tastes. While F. R. Leavis had disdained Scott, seeing him as a thoroughly bad novelist and a thoroughly bad influence (The Great Tradition [1948]), György Lukács (The Historical Novel [1937, trans. 1962]) and David Daiches (Scott's Achievement as a Novelist [1951]) offered a Marxian political reading of Scott's fiction that generated a great deal of genuine interest in his work. Scott is now seen as an important innovator and a key figure in the development of Scottish and world literature, and particularly as the inventor of the historical novel.[38]
Memorials and commemoration[edit]




The Scott Monument on Edinburgh's Princes Street






Statue by Sir John Steell on the Scott Monument in Edinburgh






Scott Monument in Glasgow's George Square






Statue on the Glasgow monument


During his lifetime, Scott's portrait was painted by Sir Edwin Landseer and fellow-Scots Sir Henry Raeburn and James Eckford Lauder. In Edinburgh, the 61.1-metre-tall Victorian Gothic spire of the Scott Monument was designed by George Meikle Kemp. It was completed in 1844, 12 years after Scott's death, and dominates the south side of Princes Street. Scott is also commemorated on a stone slab in Makars' Court, outside The Writers' Museum, Lawnmarket, Edinburgh, along with other prominent Scottish writers; quotes from his work are also visible on the Canongate Wall of the Scottish Parliament building in Holyrood. There is a tower dedicated to his memory on Corstorphine Hill in the west of the city and, as mentioned, Edinburgh's Waverley railway station takes its name from one of his novels.
In Glasgow, Walter Scott's Monument dominates the centre of George Square, the main public square in the city. Designed by David Rhind in 1838, the monument features a large column topped by a statue of Scott.[39] There is a statue of Scott in New York City's Central Park.[40]
Numerous Masonic Lodges have been named after him and his novels. For example: Lodge Sir Walter Scott, No.859, (Perth, Australia) and Lodge Waverly, No.597, (Edinburgh, Scotland).[41]
The annual Walter Scott Prize for Historical Fiction was created in 2010 by the Duke and Duchess of Buccleuch, whose ancestors were closely linked to Sir Walter Scott. At £25,000 it is one of the largest prizes in British literature. The award has been presented at Scott's historic home, Abbotsford House.
Scott has been credited with rescuing the Scottish banknote. In 1826, there was outrage in Scotland at the attempt of Parliament to prevent the production of banknotes of less than five pounds. Scott wrote a series of letters to the Edinburgh Weekly Journal under the pseudonym "Malachi Malagrowther" for retaining the right of Scottish banks to issue their own banknotes. This provoked such a response that the Government was forced to relent and allow the Scottish banks to continue printing pound notes. This campaign is commemorated by his continued appearance on the front of all notes issued by the Bank of Scotland. The image on the 2007 series of banknotes is based on the portrait by Henry Raeburn.[42]
During and immediately after World War I there was a movement spearheaded by President Wilson and other eminent people to inculcate patriotism in American school children, especially immigrants, and to stress the American connection with the literature and institutions of the "mother country" of Great Britain, using selected readings in middle school textbooks.[43] Scott's Ivanhoe continued to be required reading for many American high school students until the end of the 1950s.
A bust of Scott is in the Hall of Heroes of the National Wallace Monument in Stirling.
Literature by other authors[edit]
In Charles Baudelaire's La Fanfarlo (1847), poet Samuel Cramer says of Scott:

Oh that tedious author, a dusty exhumer of chronicles! A fastidious mass of descriptions of bric-a-brac ... and castoff things of every sort, armor, tableware, furniture, gothic inns, and melodramatic castles where lifeless mannequins stalk about, dressed in leotards.

In the novella, however, Cramer proves as deluded a romantic as any hero in one of Scott's novels.[44]
In Anne Brontë's The Tenant of Wildfell Hall (1848) the narrator, Gilbert Markham, brings an elegantly bound copy of Marmion as a present to the independent "tenant of Wildfell Hall" (Helen Graham) whom he is courting, and is mortified when she insists on paying for it.
In a speech delivered at Salem, Massachusetts, on 6 January 1860, to raise money for the families of the executed abolitionist John Brown and his followers, Ralph Waldo Emerson calls Brown an example of true chivalry, which consists not in noble birth but in helping the weak and defenseless and declares that "Walter Scott would have delighted to draw his picture and trace his adventurous career".[45]
In his 1870 memoir, Army Life in a Black Regiment, New England abolitionist Thomas Wentworth Higginson (later editor of Emily Dickinson), described how he wrote down and preserved Negro spirituals or "shouts" while serving as a colonel in the First South Carolina Volunteers, the first authorized Union Army regiment recruited from freedmen during the Civil War (memorialized in the 1989 film Glory). He wrote that he was "a faithful student of the Scottish ballads, and had always envied Sir Walter the delight of tracing them out amid their own heather, and of writing them down piecemeal from the lips of aged crones".
According to his daughter Eleanor, Scott was "an author to whom Karl Marx again and again returned, whom he admired and knew as well as he did Balzac and Fielding".[46]
In his 1883 Life on the Mississippi, Mark Twain satirized the impact of Scott's writings, declaring (with humorous hyperbole) that Scott "had so large a hand in making Southern character, as it existed before the [American Civil] war", that he is "in great measure responsible for the war".[47] He goes on to coin the term "Sir Walter Scott disease", which he blames for the South's lack of advancement. Twain also targeted Scott in Adventures of Huckleberry Finn, where he names a sinking boat the "Walter Scott" (1884); and, in A Connecticut Yankee in King Arthur's Court (1889), the main character repeatedly utters "great Scott" as an oath; by the end of the book, however, he has become absorbed in the world of knights in armor, reflecting Twain's ambivalence on the topic.
The idyllic Cape Cod retreat of suffragists Verena Tarrant and Olive Chancellor in Henry James' The Bostonians (1886) is called Marmion, evoking what James considered the Quixotic idealism of these social reformers.
In To the Lighthouse by Virginia Woolf, Mrs. Ramsey glances at her husband:

He was reading something that moved him very much ... He was tossing the pages over. He was acting it – perhaps he was thinking himself the person in the book. She wondered what book it was. Oh, it was one of old Sir Walter’s she saw, adjusting the shade of her lamp so that the light fell on her knitting. For Charles Tansley had been saying (she looked up as if she expected to hear the crash of books on the floor above) that people don’t read Scott any more. Then her husband thought, “That’s what they’ll say of me;” so he went and got one of those books ... [Scott's] feeling for straight forward simple things, these fishermen, the poor old crazed creature in Mucklebackit’s cottage [in The Antiquary] made him feel so vigorous, so relieved of something that he felt roused and triumphant and could not choke back his tears ... It fortified him. He clean forgot all the little rubs and digs of the evening ... and his being so irritable with his wife and so touchy and minding when they passed his books over as if they didn’t exist at all. Raising the book a little to hide his face, he let them fall and shook his head from side to side and forgot himself completely (but not one or two reflections about morality and French novels and English novels and Scott’s hands being tied but his view perhaps being as true as the other view), forgot his own bothers and failures completely in poor Steenie’s drowning and Mucklebackit’s sorrow (that was Scott at his best) and the astonishing delight and feeling of vigor that it gave him. Well, let them improve upon that, he thought as he finished the chapter ... The whole of life did not consist in going to bed with a woman, he thought, returning to Scott and Balzac, to the English novel and the French novel.

In 1951, science-fiction author Isaac Asimov wrote Breeds There a Man...?, a short story with a title alluding vividly to Scott's The Lay of the Last Minstrel (1805).
In To Kill a Mockingbird (1960), the protagonist's brother is made to read Walter Scott's book Ivanhoe to the ailing Mrs. Henry Lafayette Dubose, and he refers to the author as "Sir Walter Scout", in reference to his own sister's nickname.
In Mother Night (1961) by Kurt Vonnegut, Jr., memoirist and playwright Howard W. Campbell, Jr., prefaces his text with the six lines beginning "Breathes there the man..."
In Knights of the Sea (2010) by Canadian author Paul Marlowe, there are several quotes from and references to Marmion, as well as an inn named after Ivanhoe, and a fictitious Scott novel entitled The Beastmen of Glen Glammoch.
Bibliography[edit]




Sir Walter Scott by Robert Scott Moncrieff.


Novels[edit]
The Waverley Novels is the title given to the long series of Scott novels released from 1814 to 1832 which takes its name from the first novel, Waverley. The following is a chronological list of the entire series:

1814: Waverley
1815: Guy Mannering
1816: The Antiquary
1816: The Black Dwarf and The Tale of Old Mortality – the 1st installment from the subset series, Tales of My Landlord
1817: Rob Roy
1818: The Heart of Midlothian – the 2nd installment from the subset series, Tales of My Landlord
1819: The Bride of Lammermoor and A Legend of Montrose – the 3rd installment from the subset series, Tales of My Landlord
1820: Ivanhoe
1820: The Monastery and The Abbot – from the subset series, Tales from Benedictine Sources
1821: Kenilworth
1822: The Pirate
1822: The Fortunes of Nigel
1822: Peveril of the Peak
1823: Quentin Durward
1824: St. Ronan's Well
1824: Redgauntlet
1825: The Betrothed and The Talisman – from the subset series, Tales of the Crusaders
1826: Woodstock
1828: The Fair Maid of Perth – the 2nd installment from the subset series, Chronicles of the Canongate (sometimes not considered as part of the Waverley Novels series)
1829: Anne of Geierstein
1832: Count Robert of Paris and Castle Dangerous – the 4th installment from the subset series, Tales of My Landlord

Other novels:

1831–1832: The Siege of Malta – a finished novel published posthumously in 2008
1832: Bizarro – an unfinished novel (or novella) published posthumously in 2008

Poetry[edit]
Many of the short poems or songs released by Scott were originally not separate pieces but parts of longer poems interspersed throughout his novels, tales, and dramas.

1796: "The Chase" – an English-language translation of the German-language poem by Gottfried August Bürger entitled "Der Wilde Jäger" (or, "The Wild Huntsmen", its more common English translation), first of the translations and imitations from German ballads by Scott
1802–1803: "The Minstrelsy of the Scottish Border"
1805: "The Lay of the Last Minstrel"
1806: "Ballads and Lyrical Pieces"
1808: "Marmion"
1810: "The Lady of the Lake"
1811: "The Vision of Don Roderick"
1813: "The Bridal of Triermain"
1813: "Rokeby"
1815: "The Field of Waterloo"
1815: "The Lord of the Isles"
1817: "Harold the Dauntless"

Short stories[edit]

1827: "The Highland Widow", "The Two Drovers", and "The Surgeon's Daughter" – the 1st installment from the series, Chronicles of the Canongate
1828: "My Aunt Margaret's Mirror", "The Tapestried Chamber", and "Death of the Laird's Jock" – from the series, The Keepsake Stories

Plays[edit]

1799: Goetz of Berlichingen, with the Iron Hand: A Tragedy – an English-language translation of the 1773 German-language play by Johann Wolfgang von Goethe entitled Götz von Berlichingen
1822: Halidon Hill
1823: MacDuff's Cross
1830: The Doom of Devorgoil
1830: Auchindrane

Non-fiction[edit]

1796 Translations & imitations of German Ballads Librivox audio
1814–1817: The Border Antiquities of England and Scotland – a work co-authored by Luke Clennell and John Greig with Scott's contribution consisting of the substantial introductory essay, originally published in 2 volumes from 1814 to 1817
1815–1824: Essays on Chivalry, Romance, and Drama – a supplement to the 1815–1824 editions of the Encyclopædia Britannica
1816: Paul's Letters to his Kinsfolk
1819–1826: Provincial Antiquities of Scotland
1821–1824: Lives of the Novelists
1825–1832: The Journal of Sir Walter Scott
1826: The Letters of Malachi Malagrowther
1827: The Life of Napoleon Buonaparte
1828: Religious Discourses
1828: Tales of a Grandfather; Being Stories Taken from Scottish History – the 1st installment from the series, Tales of a Grandfather
1829: The History of Scotland: Volume I
1829: Tales of a Grandfather; Being Stories Taken from Scottish History – the 2nd installment from the series, Tales of a Grandfather
1830: Essays on Ballad Poetry
1830: The History of Scotland: Volume II
1830: Tales of a Grandfather; Being Stories Taken from Scottish History – the 3rd installment from the series, Tales of a Grandfather
1830: Letters on Demonology and Witchcraft
1831: Tales of a Grandfather; Being Stories Taken from the History of France – the 4th installment from the series, Tales of a Grandfather

See also[edit]



Wikiquote has quotations related to: Walter Scott





Wikisource has original works written by or about:
Walter Scott




Poetry portal



Operas inspired by Walter Scott
Jedediah Cleishbotham (fictional editor of Tales of My Landlord, and Scott's alter ego)
G. A. Henty
Alessandro Manzoni
Alexandre Dumas, père
Karl May
Baroness Orczy
Rafael Sabatini
Emilio Salgari
Samuel Shellabarger
Lawrence Schoonover
Jules Verne
Frank Yerby
GWR Waverley Class steam locomotives
"Famous Scots Series"
Principal Clerk of Session and Justiciary
Writers' Museum

References[edit]


^ "Family Background". Retrieved 2011-04-09. 
^ a b c d e Edinburgh University Library (22 October 2004). "Homes of Sir Walter Scott". x Edinburgh University Library. Retrieved 9 July 2013. 
^ Cone, T E (1973). "Was Sir Walter Scott's Lameness Caused by Poliomyelitis?". Pediatrics. 51 (1): 33. 
^ Robertson, Fiona. "Disfigurement and Disability: Walter Scott’s Bodies". Otranto.co.uk. Retrieved 9 May 2014. 
^ a b "Sandyknowe and Early Childhood". Retrieved 2011-04-09. 
^ "No 1 Nos 2 and 3 (Farrell's Hotel) Nos 4 to 8 (consec) (Pratt's Hotel)". Images of England. English Heritage. Retrieved 29 July 2009. 
^ a b "School and University". Walterscott.lib.ed.ac.uk. 24 October 2003. Retrieved 29 November 2009. 
^ "Literary Beginnings". Walterscott.lib.ed.ac.uk. 11 December 2007. Retrieved 29 November 2009. 
^ Walter, Sir Walter (2012). The Lady of the Lake. Lititz, PA: AP Publishing House. p. 308. ISBN 9781105941573. Retrieved 22 November 2016. 
^ BBC profile
^ Leslie C. R. Letter to Miss C Leslie dated 26 June 1820 in Autobiographical recollections ed. Tom Taylor, Ticknor & Fields, Boston 1855
^ 1st Lothians and Border Yeomanry
^ http://www.walterscott.lib.ed.ac.uk/biography/chronology.html
^ Edinburgh Archive – Family
^ Cooper, Robert L D, Ed. 2010. Famous Scottish Freemasons, pp 58–59. ISBN 978-0-9560933-8-7
^ Edinburgh Archive – Ballantyne Brothers
^ The early editions of Marmion use Scott's original spelling of "practice" (still used in the U.S.A). Later editions, compiled without Scott's oversight, usually favour the modern standard British English spelling of "practise".
^ Hay, James (1899). Sir Walter Scott. London. p. 258. ISBN 978-1278170947. Retrieved 22 November 2016. 
^ http://www.walterscott.lib.ed.ac.uk/biography/poet.html
^ "Scott the Poet". Walterscott.lib.ed.ac.uk. 11 December 2007. Retrieved 29 November 2009. 
^ See Old Mortality on the University of Edinburgh Walter Scott website.
^ See Amy Witherbee, in "Habeas Corpus: British Imaginations of Power in Walter Scott's Old Mortality", New Literary History 39 (2008): 355–67, writes:

By the 1670s, conﬂicts between religious dissidents and the Stuart Crown had given way to a Crown policy of seizing and imprisoning opponents without recourse to the courts. In 1679, this policy of using extrajudicial imprisonments to quell rebellion ﬁnally provoked the English Parliament to pass the Act of Habeas Corpus in England. Usually translated as “produce the body,” habeas corpus could be invoked by any subject to require that the king or his agents produce the body of a prisoner for adjudication before the courts. In its barest terms the Great Writ protected a subject from indeﬁnite terms of imprisonment, from imprisonment outside the kingdom, or from imprisonment without cause. It did so by asserting the jurisdiction of the courts as superior to the executive powers of the king. The Act was thus part of a long debate within the three kingdoms about the relationship of king to law and vice versa.


^ Witherbee (2008), pp. 363–64. Habeas corpus had been suspended in the mid-1790s at the time of the French Revolution by William Pitt, who had called the French declaration of human rights "monstrous". Widely publicised trials for sedition took place in Edinburgh (1793) and in London (1794) John Thelwall and two others were charged with treason. The Scottish defendants received harsh sentences whereas the English ones were acquitted. According to historian Anne Stott: "The difference between the English and Scottish trials reflects the different legal systems. Ironically, the acquittals made the loyalist case—that England was a country where a man could have a fair trial."
^ a b "Chronology of Walter Scott's life". Walter Scott Digital Archive. Retrieved 2 May 2015. 
^ "The Abbot". Walter Scott Digital Archive. Retrieved 2 May 2015. Scott had travelled to London in March [1820] to receive his baronetcy 
^ a b "Walter Scott Digital Archive – Chronology". Walterscott.lib.ed.ac.uk. 13 Oct 2008. Retrieved 29 Nov 2009. 
^ Stuart Kelly quoted by Arnold Zwicky in The Book of Lost Books
^ a b McKinstry, Sam; Fletcher, Marie (2002). "The Personal Account Books of Sir Walter Scott". The Accounting Historians Journal. 29: 59–89. JSTOR 40698269.  (subscription required)
^ London Medical and Surgical Journal, January 1833
^ Edinburgh Profile, Financial Hardship
^ Monuments and monumental inscriptions in Scotland: The Grampian Society, 1871
^ BIOGRAPHICAL INDEX OF FORMER FELLOWS OF THE ROYAL SOCIETY OF EDINBURGH 1783 – 2002 (PDF). The Royal Society of Edinburgh. July 2006. ISBN 0 902 198 84 X. 
^ Lockhart, John Gibson (1837). Memoirs of the Life of Sir Walter Scott, Bart. Philadelphia. p. 1.397. Retrieved 7 November 2016. 
^ Abbotsford House website.
^ Scott, Sir Walter; Grant, George (2001). From Bannockburn to Flodden: Wallace, Bruce, and the Heroes of Medieval Scotland. Nashville: Cumberland. p. viii. ISBN 978-1581821277. 
^ The Oxford Companion to English Literature, 6th Edition. Edited by Margaret Drabble, Oxford University Press, 2000 Pp1
^ "…it would be difficult to name, from among both modern and ancient works, many read more widely and with greater pleasure than the historical novels of … Walter Scott." – Alessandro Manzoni, On the Historical Novel.
^ Higgins, Charlotte (16 August 2010). "Scotland's image-maker Sir Walter Scott 'invented English legends'". The Guardian. London. Retrieved 2011-04-09. 
^ "Glasgow, George Square, Walter Scott's Monument". Retrieved 2011-04-09. 
^ New York monument
^ Grand Lodge of Scotland Year Book. 2014. pp 25 & 34. ISBN 0902324-86-1
^ Scottish Banks
^ For example, see the textbook compiled by Emma Serl and William J. Pelo, American Ideals: Selected Patriotic Readings for Seventh and Eighth Grades, introduction by Charles W. Eliot, President Emeritus of Harvard (Gregg Publishing, 1919).
^ See Francis S. Heck, “Baudelaire's La Fanfarlo: An Example of Romantic Irony”, The French Review 49: 3 (1976): 328–36.
^ Kenneth S. Sacks, editor, Emerson: Political Writings (Cambridge Texts in the History of Political Thought) (Cambridge University Press, 2008), p, 193.
^ S.S. Prawer, Karl Marx and World Literature, Oxford, 1976, p.386.
^ Twain, Mark. "Life on the Mississippi", Chapter 46


Further reading[edit]

Bautz, Annika. Reception of Jane Austen and Walter Scott: A Comparative Longitudinal Study. Continuum, 2007. ISBN 0-8264-9546-X, ISBN 978-0-8264-9546-4.
Brown, David. Walter Scott and the Historical Imagination. Routledge, 1979, ISBN 0-7100-0301-3; Kindle ed. 2013.
Buchan, John. Sir Walter Scott, Coward-McCann Inc., New York, 1932.
Cornish, Sidney W. The "Waverley" Manual; or, Handbook of the Chief Characters, Incidents, and Descriptions in the "Waverley" Novels, with Critical Breviates from Various Sources. Edinburgh: A. and C. Black, 1871.
Duncan, Ian. Scott's Shadow: The Novel in Romantic Edinburgh. Princeton UP, 2007. ISBN 978-0-691-04383-8.
Kelly, Stuart. Scott-Land: The Man Who Invented a Nation. Polygon, 2010. ISBN 978-1-84697-107-5.
Lincoln, Andrew. Walter Scott And Modernity. Edinburgh UP, 2007.
Stephen, Leslie (1898). "The Story of Scott's Ruin". Studies of a Biographer. 2. London: Duckworth & Co. 
Letitia Elizabeth Landon The Female Portrait Gallery. A series of 22 analyses of Scott's female characters (sadly curtailed by Letitia's untimely death in 1838). Laman Blanchard: Life and Literary Remains of L.E.L., 1841. Vol. 2. pp. 81–194.

External links[edit]


Library resources about
Walter Scott





Resources in your library
Resources in other libraries





Find more aboutWalter Scottat Wikipedia's sister projects

Media from Commons
Quotations from Wikiquote
Texts from Wikisource
Data from Wikidata



Sir Walter Scott and Hinx, his Cat
Walter Scott Digital Archive at the University of Edinburgh.
The Edinburgh Sir Walter Scott Club
Sir Walter Scott, biography by Richard H. Hutton, 1878 (from Project Gutenberg)
Works by Walter Scott at Project Gutenberg
Works by or about Walter Scott at Internet Archive
Works by Walter Scott at LibriVox (public domain audiobooks) 
Works by Walter Scott at The Online Books Page
 Chisholm, Hugh, ed. (1911). "Scott, Sir Walter". Encyclopædia Britannica (11th ed.). Cambridge University Press. 
Walter Scott's profile and catalogue of his library at Abbotsford on LibraryThing.
Guardian Books - Sir Walter Scott
Portraits at the National Portrait Gallery
Bust of Walter Scott by Sir Francis Leggatt Chantrey, 1828, white marble, Philadelphia Museum of Art, # 2002.222.1, Philadelphia (PA).
Millgate Union Catalogue of Walter Scott Correspondence
Correspondence of Sir Walter Scott, with related papers, ca. 1807–1929


Arms of Sir Walter Scott




Crest
A nymph, in her dexter hand a sun in splendour, in her sinister a crescent (moon)
Escutcheon
Quarterly; 1st & 4th or two mullets in chief and a crescent in base azure within an orle azure (Scott); 2nd & 3rd or on a bend azure three mascles or, in sinister chief point a buckle or (Haliburton); escutcheon of the Hand of Ulster
Supporters
Dexter a mermaid holding in the exterior hand a mirror proper; Sinister a savage wreathed around the head and middle, holding in the exterior hand a club
Motto
(above) Reparabit cornua phoebe - the moon shall fill her horns again
(below) Watch weel






Baronetage of the United Kingdom


New title
Baronet(of Abbotsford)
1st creation
1820–1832
Next:
Sir Walter Scott








v
t
e


Works by Walter Scott



Novels



Waverley (1814)
Guy Mannering (1815)
The Antiquary (1816)
The Black Dwarf (1816)
Old Mortality (1816)
Rob Roy (1817)
The Heart of Midlothian (1818)
The Bride of Lammermoor (1819)
A Legend of Montrose (1819)
Ivanhoe (1819)
The Monastery (1820)
The Abbot (1820)
Kenilworth (1821)
The Pirate (1821)
The Fortunes of Nigel (1822)
Peveril of the Peak (1823)
Quentin Durward (1823)
St. Ronan's Well (1823)
Redgauntlet (1824)
The Betrothed (1825)
The Talisman (1825)
Woodstock (1826)
The Fair Maid of Perth (1828)
Anne of Geierstein (1829)
Count Robert of Paris (1831)
Castle Dangerous (1831)
The Siege of Malta (1831-1832, pub. posthumously 2008)
Bizarro (1832, pub. posthumously 2008)





Poetry



Translations and Imitations from German Ballads (1796-1819)
"Glenfinlas" (1800)
The Minstrelsy of the Scottish Border (1802-1803)
The Lay of the Last Minstrel (1805)
Ballads and Lyrical Pieces (1806)
Marmion (1808)
The Lady of the Lake (1810)
The Vision of Don Roderick (1811)
The Bridal of Triermain (1813)
Rokeby (1813)
The Field of Waterloo (1815)
The Lord of the Isles (1815)
Harold the Dauntless (1817)





Short stories



Chronicles of the Canongate, 1st series (1827)
The Keepsake Stories (1828)





Plays



Halidon Hill (1822)
MacDuff's Cross (1823)
The Doom of Devorgoil (1830)
Auchindrane, or, The Ayrshire Tragedy (1830)





Non-fiction



The Journal (1825-1832)
Tales of a Grandfather (1828-1831)





People



James Ballantyne
Lord Byron
James Hogg
William Laidlaw
John Gibson Lockhart
Robert Southey
William Wordsworth





Characters



Jedediah Cleishbotham
Jeanie Deans
Dryasdust
Lord Glenallan
Saunders Mucklebackit
Edie Ochiltree
Jonathan Oldbuck
Dominie Sampson
Sir Arthur Wardour





Related



Abbotsford House
Dandie Dinmont Terrier
"Hail to the Chief"
Kennaquhair
Scott Monument
Scott's View
Sir Walter Scott Way
Walter Scott Prize
Writers' Museum












v
t
e


Walter Scott's Ivanhoe



Opera



Ivanhoé
Der Templer und die Jüdin
Il templario
Ivanhoe





Films



Ivanhoe (1913 British)
Ivanhoe (1913 American)
Ivanhoe (1952)
Ivanhoe (1982)
The Ballad of the Valiant Knight Ivanhoe (1983)





Television



Ivanhoe (1958)
Ivanhoe (1970)
Young Ivanhoe (1995)
Ivanhoe (1997)





Related



The Betrothed
Ravenskull












v
t
e


Romanticism



Countries



Denmark
England (literature)
France (literature)
Germany
Norway
Poland
Russia (literature)
Scotland





Movements



Bohemianism
Counter-Enlightenment
Dark romanticism
Düsseldorf School
Gesamtkunstwerk
Gothic fiction
Gothic Revival (architecture)
Hudson River School
Indianism
Nazarene movement
Ossian
Romantic hero
Romanticism in science
Romantic nationalism
Opium and Romanticism
Transcendentalism
Ultra-Romanticism
Wallenrodism





Writers



Abovian
Alencar
Alfieri
Andersen
A. v. Arnim
B. v. Arnim
Azevedo
Baratashvili
Baratynsky
Barbauld (Aikin)
Batyushkov
Baudelaire
Beer
Bertrand
Blake
Botev
Brentano
Bryant
Burns
Byron
Castelo Branco
Castilho
Cazotte
Chateaubriand
Chavchavadze
Clare
Coleridge
Cooper
De Quincey
Dias
Dumas
Eichendorff
Emerson
Eminescu
Espronceda
Fouqué
Foscolo
Garrett
Gautier
Goethe
Grimm Brothers
Gutzkow
Hauff
Hawthorne
Heine
Heliade
Herculano
Hoffmann
Hölderlin
Hugo
Ilić
Irving
Jakšić
Jean Paul
Karamzin
Keats
Kleist
Krasiński
Lamartine
Larra
Leopardi
Lermontov
Lowell
Macedonski
Mácha
Magalhães
Malczewski
Manzoni
Maturin
Mickiewicz
Musset
Nalbandian
Nerval
Nodier
Norwid
Novalis
Oehlenschläger
Orbeliani
Poe
Polidori
Potocki
Prešeren
Pushkin
Raffi
Schiller
Schwab
Scott
Seward
M. Shelley
P. B. Shelley
Shevchenko
Słowacki
De Staël
Stendhal
Tieck
Tyutchev
Uhland
Vörösmarty
Vyazemsky
Wordsworth
Zhukovsky
Zorrilla





Music



Adam
Alkan
Auber
Beethoven
Bellini
Bennett
Berlioz
Bertin
Berwald
Brahms
Bruckner
Chopin
Dargomyzhsky
Félicien David
Ferdinand David
Donizetti
Fauré
Field
Franck
Franz
Glinka
Gomis
Halévy
Kalkbrenner
Liszt
Loewe
Marschner
Masarnau
Méhul
Fanny Mendelssohn
Felix Mendelssohn
Méreaux
Meyerbeer
Moniuszko
Moscheles
Mussorgsky
Niedermeyer
Onslow
Paganini
Prudent
Reicha
Rimsky-Korsakov
Rossini
Rubinstein
Schubert
Clara Schumann
Robert Schumann
Smetana
Sor
Spohr
Spontini
Thalberg
Verdi
Voříšek
Wagner
Weber






Theologians and
philosophers




Chaadayev
Coleridge
Feuerbach
Fichte
Goethe
Hegel
Khomyakov
Müller
Ritschl
Rousseau
Schiller
A. Schlegel
F. Schlegel
Schopenhauer
Schleiermacher
Tieck
Wackenroder





Visual artists



Aivazovsky
Bierstadt
Blake
Bonington
Bryullov
Chassériau
Church
Constable
Cole
Corot
Dahl
David d'Angers
Delacroix
Friedrich
Fuseli
Géricault
Girodet
Głowacki
Goya
Gude
Hayez
Janmot
Jones
Kiprensky
Koch
Lampi
Leutze
Loutherbourg
Maison
Martin
Michałowski
Palmer
Porto-Alegre
Préault
Révoil
Richard
Rude
Runge
Saleh
Scheffer
Stattler
Stroj
Tidemand
Tropinin
Turner
Veit
Ward
Wiertz







 « Age of Enlightenment
Realism » 








Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 95207079
LCCN: n78095541
ISNI: 0000 0001 2144 1874
GND: 118612409
SELIBR: 211278
SUDOC: 027129489
BNF: cb11924221r (data)
BIBSYS: 90058655
ULAN: 500069589
MusicBrainz: 627f5ca8-c745-4e1c-a646-facdfe1cabdf
NLA: 35486165
NDL: 00455918
NKC: jn19990007395
ICCU: IT\ICCU\CFIV\006674
RLS: 000081966
BNE: XX913959
RKD: 254119










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Walter_Scott&oldid=790381674"					
Categories: Walter Scott1771 births1832 deaths18th-century Scottish poets19th-century antiquarians19th-century biographers19th-century judges19th-century Scottish lawyers19th-century Scottish novelists19th-century Scottish poetsAlumni of the University of EdinburghBaronets in the Baronetage of the United KingdomBritish literary editorsBritish medievalistsClan ScottElders of the Church of ScotlandFellows of the Royal Society of EdinburghHistorians of ScotlandLiterary critics of EnglishMembers of The ClubMembers of the Faculty of AdvocatesMembers of the Royal Company of ArchersPeople educated at Kelso High SchoolPeople educated at the Royal High School, EdinburghWriters from EdinburghPeople of the Scottish EnlightenmentPresidents of the Royal Society of EdinburghPrincipal Clerks of Session and JusticiaryRomantic poetsScott family of AbbotsfordScottish biographersScottish diaristsScottish folkloristsScottish FreemasonsScottish historical novelistsScottish literary criticsScottish sheriffsScottish people with disabilitiesScottish publishers (people)Scottish song collectorsScottish translatorsWriters of Arthurian literatureWriters of historical fiction set in the Middle AgesWriters of historical novels set in Early Modern periodHidden categories: Pages containing links to subscription-only contentWikipedia introduction cleanup from February 2017All pages needing cleanupArticles covered by WikiProject Wikify from February 2017All articles covered by WikiProject WikifyPages using Infobox writer with unknown parametersAll pages needing factual verificationWikipedia articles needing factual verification from July 2013All articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from September 2016Articles with Project Gutenberg linksArticles with Internet Archive linksArticles with LibriVox linksWikipedia articles incorporating a citation from the 1911 Encyclopaedia Britannica with Wikisource referenceUse British English from December 2014Use dmy dates from March 2016AC with 17 elementsWikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with LCCN identifiersWikipedia articles with ISNI identifiersWikipedia articles with GND identifiersWikipedia articles with SELIBR identifiersWikipedia articles with BNF identifiersWikipedia articles with BIBSYS identifiersWikipedia articles with ULAN identifiersWikipedia articles with MusicBrainz identifiersWikipedia articles with NLA identifiersWikipedia articles with SBN identifiersWikipedia articles with RKDartists identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia CommonsWikiquoteWikisource 



Languages


AfrikaansAlemannischالعربيةAsturianuAzərbaycancaবাংলাБеларускаяБеларуская (тарашкевіца)‎БългарскиBosanskiBrezhonegCatalàČeštinaCymraegDanskDeutschEestiΕλληνικάEspañolEsperantoEuskaraفارسیFrançaisFryskGaeilgeGàidhligGalego한국어Հայերենहिन्दीHrvatskiIdoBahasa IndonesiaInterlinguaÍslenskaItalianoעבריתBasa JawaქართულიҚазақшаКырык марыLatinaLatviešuLietuviųMagyarमैथिलीМакедонскиMalagasyमराठीМонголမြန်မာဘာသာNederlandsनेपाली日本語Norsk bokmålਪੰਜਾਬੀPiemontèisPolskiPortuguêsRomânăРусскийScotsSimple EnglishSlovenčinaSlovenščinaСрпски / srpskiSrpskohrvatski / српскохрватскиSuomiSvenskaTagalogТатарча/tatarçaTürkçeУкраїнськаTiếng Việt中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 13 July 2017, at 11:33.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Walter Scott - Wikipedia






















 






Walter Scott

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

For other people named Walter Scott, see Walter Scott (disambiguation).





This article's lead section may not adequately summarize key points of its contents. Please consider expanding the lead to provide an accessible overview of all important aspects of the article. Please discuss this issue on the article's talk page. (February 2017)




Sir Walter Scott, Bt



Raeburn's portrait of Sir Walter Scott in 1822



Born
15 August 1771
College Wynd, Edinburgh
Scotland


Died
21 September 1832(1832-09-21) (aged 61)
Abbotsford, Roxburghshire
Scotland


Occupation



Historical novelist
Poet



Advocate



Sheriff-Depute
Clerk of Session





Nationality
British


Alma mater
University of Edinburgh


Period
19th century


Literary movement
Romanticism


Spouse
Charlotte Carpenter (Charpentier)






Signature



Sir Walter Scott, 1st Baronet, FRSE (15 August 1771 – 21 September 1832) was a Scottish historical novelist, playwright and poet. Many of his works remain classics of both English-language literature and of Scottish literature. Famous titles include Ivanhoe, Rob Roy, Old Mortality, The Lady of the Lake, Waverley, The Heart of Midlothian and The Bride of Lammermoor.
Although primarily remembered for his extensive literary works and his political engagement, Scott was an advocate, judge and legal administrator by profession, and throughout his career combined his writing and editing work with his daily occupation as Clerk of Session and Sheriff-Depute of Selkirkshire.
A prominent member of the Tory establishment in Edinburgh, Scott was an active member of the Highland Society and served a long term as President of the Royal Society of Edinburgh (1820–32).



Contents


1 Life and works

1.1 Early days
1.2 Meeting with Blacklock and Burns
1.3 Start of literary career, marriage and family
1.4 Poetry
1.5 Novelism
1.6 Recovery of the Crown Jewels, baronetcy and ceremonial pageantry
1.7 Financial problems and death


2 Personal life
3 Abbotsford
4 Legacy

4.1 Later assessment
4.2 Memorials and commemoration
4.3 Literature by other authors


5 Bibliography

5.1 Novels
5.2 Poetry
5.3 Short stories
5.4 Plays
5.5 Non-fiction


6 See also
7 References
8 Further reading
9 External links



Life and works[edit]
Early days[edit]




Scott's childhood at Sandyknowes, in the shadow of Smailholm Tower, introduced him to the tales and folklore of the Scottish Borders.


The son of a Writer to the Signet (solicitor),[1] Scott was born in 1771 in his Presbyterian family's third-floor flat on College Wynd in the Old Town of Edinburgh, a narrow alleyway leading from the Cowgate to the gates of the University of Edinburgh (Old College).[2] He survived a childhood bout of polio in 1773 that left him lame,[3] a condition that was to have a significant effect on his life and writing.[4] To cure his lameness he was sent in 1773 to live in the rural Scottish Borders at his paternal grandparents' farm at Sandyknowe, adjacent to the ruin of Smailholm Tower, the earlier family home.[5] Here he was taught to read by his aunt Jenny, and learned from her the speech patterns and many of the tales and legends that characterised much of his work. In January 1775 he returned to Edinburgh, and that summer went with his aunt Jenny to take spa treatment at Bath in England, where they lived at 6 South Parade.[6] In the winter of 1776 he went back to Sandyknowe, with another attempt at a water cure at Prestonpans during the following summer.[5]




The Scotts' family home in George Square, Edinburgh


In 1778, Scott returned to Edinburgh for private education to prepare him for school, and joined his family in their new house built as one of the first in George Square.[2] In October 1779 he began at the Royal High School of Edinburgh (in High School Yards). He was now well able to walk and explore the city and the surrounding countryside. His reading included chivalric romances, poems, history and travel books. He was given private tuition by James Mitchell in arithmetic and writing, and learned from him the history of the Church of Scotland with emphasis on the Covenanters. After finishing school he was sent to stay for six months with his aunt Jenny in Kelso, attending the local grammar school where he met James and John Ballantyne, who later became his business partners and printed his books.[7]
Meeting with Blacklock and Burns[edit]
Scott began studying classics at the University of Edinburgh in November 1783, at the age of 12, a year or so younger than most of his fellow students. In March 1786 he began an apprenticeship in his father's office to become a Writer to the Signet. While at the university Scott had become a friend of Adam Ferguson, the son of Professor Adam Ferguson who hosted literary salons. Scott met the blind poet Thomas Blacklock, who lent him books and introduced him to James Macpherson's Ossian cycle of poems. During the winter of 1786–87 the 15-year-old Scott saw Robert Burns at one of these salons, for what was to be their only meeting. When Burns noticed a print illustrating the poem "The Justice of the Peace" and asked who had written the poem, only Scott knew that it was by John Langhorne, and was thanked by Burns.[8] When it was decided that he would become a lawyer, he returned to the university to study law, first taking classes in Moral Philosophy and Universal History in 1789–90.[7]
After completing his studies in law, he became a lawyer in Edinburgh. As a lawyer's clerk he made his first visit to the Scottish Highlands directing an eviction. He was admitted to the Faculty of Advocates in 1792. He had an unsuccessful love suit with Williamina Belsches of Fettercairn, who married Scott's friend Sir William Forbes, 7th Baronet.
Start of literary career, marriage and family[edit]




A copy of Scott's Minstrelsy in the National Museum of Scotland


As a boy, youth and young man, Scott was fascinated by the oral traditions of the Scottish Borders. He was an obsessive collector of stories, and developed an innovative method of recording what he heard at the feet of local story-tellers using carvings on twigs, to avoid the disapproval of those who believed that such stories were neither for writing down nor for printing.[9] At the age of 25 he began to write professionally, translating works from German,[10] his first publication being rhymed versions of ballads by Gottfried August Bürger in 1796. He then published an idiosyncratic three-volume set of collected ballads of his adopted home region, The Minstrelsy of the Scottish Border. This was the first sign from a literary standpoint of his interest in Scottish history.
As a result of his early polio infection, Scott had a pronounced limp. He was described in 1820 as tall, well formed (except for one ankle and foot which made him walk lamely), neither fat nor thin, with forehead very high, nose short, upper lip long and face rather fleshy, complexion fresh and clear, eyes very blue, shrewd and penetrating, with hair now silvery white.[11] Although a determined walker, on horseback he experienced greater freedom of movement. Unable to consider a military career, Scott enlisted as a volunteer in the 1st Lothian and Border yeomanry.[12]
On a trip to the Lake District with old college friends he met Charlotte Genevieve Charpentier (or Carpenter), daughter of Jean Charpentier of Lyon in France, and ward of Lord Downshire in Cumberland, an Episcopalian. After three weeks of courtship, Scott proposed and they were married on Christmas Eve 1797 in St Mary's Church, Carlisle (a church set up in the now destroyed nave of Carlisle Cathedral).[13][14] After renting a house in George Street, they moved to nearby South Castle Street. They had five children, of whom four survived by the time of Scott's death, most baptized by an Episcopalian clergyman. In 1799 he was appointed Sheriff-Depute of the County of Selkirk, based in the Royal Burgh of Selkirk. In his early married days Scott had a decent living from his earnings at the law, his salary as Sheriff-Depute, his wife's income, some revenue from his writing, and his share of his father's rather meagre estate.
After their third son was born in 1801, they moved to a spacious three-storey house built for Scott at 39 North Castle Street. This remained Scott's base in Edinburgh until 1826, when he could no longer afford two homes. From 1798 Scott had spent the summers in a cottage at Lasswade, where he entertained guests including literary figures, and it was there that his career as an author began. There were nominal residency requirements for his position of Sheriff-Depute, and at first he stayed at a local inn during the circuit. In 1804 he ended his use of the Lasswade cottage and leased the substantial house of Ashestiel, 6 miles (9.7 km) from Selkirk. It was sited on the south bank of the River Tweed, and the building incorporated an old tower house.[2]
Scott's father, also Walter (1729–1799), was a Freemason, being a member of Lodge St David, No.36 (Edinburgh), and Scott also became a Freemason in his father's Lodge in 1801, albeit only after the death of his father.[15]
Poetry[edit]




Sir Walter Scott, novelist and poet - painted by Sir William Allan


In 1796, Scott's friend James Ballantyne[16] founded a printing press in Kelso, in the Scottish Borders. Through Ballantyne, Scott was able to publish his first works, including "Glenfinlas" and "The Eve of St. John", and his poetry then began to bring him to public attention. In 1805, The Lay of the Last Minstrel captured wide public imagination, and his career as a writer was established in spectacular fashion.
He published many other poems over the next ten years, including the popular The Lady of the Lake, printed in 1810 and set in the Trossachs. Portions of the German translation of this work were set to music by Franz Schubert. One of these songs, "Ellens dritter Gesang", is popularly labelled as "Schubert's Ave Maria".
Beethoven's opus 108 "Twenty-Five Scottish Songs" includes 3 folk songs whose words are by Walter Scott.
Marmion, published in 1808, produced lines that have become proverbial. Canto VI. Stanza 17 reads:


Yet Clare's sharp questions must I shun
Must separate Constance from the nun
Oh! what a tangled web we weave
When first we practise to deceive!
A Palmer too! No wonder why
I felt rebuked beneath his eye.[17]


In 1809 Scott persuaded James Ballantyne and his brother to move to Edinburgh and to establish their printing press there. He became a partner in their business. As a political conservative,[18] Scott helped to found the Tory Quarterly Review, a review journal to which he made several anonymous contributions. Scott was also a contributor to the Edinburgh Review, which espoused Whig views.
Scott was ordained as an elder in the Presbyterian Church of Duddington and sat in the General Assembly for a time as representative elder of the burgh of Selkirk.
When the lease of Ashestiel expired in 1811 Scott bought Cartley Hole Farm, on the south bank of the River Tweed nearer Melrose. The farm had the nickname of "Clarty Hole", and when Scott built a family cottage there in 1812 he named it "Abbotsford". He continued to expand the estate, and built Abbotsford House in a series of extensions.[2]
In 1813 Scott was offered the position of Poet Laureate. He declined, due to concerns that "such an appointment would be a poisoned chalice", as the Laureateship had fallen into disrepute, due to the decline in quality of work suffered by previous title holders, ", as a succession of poetasters had churned out conventional and obsequious odes on royal occasions."[19] He sought advice from the Duke of Buccleuch, who counseled him to retain his literary independence, and the position went to Scott's friend, Robert Southey.[20]
Novelism[edit]




A Legend of Montrose, illustration from the 1872 edition


Although Scott had attained worldwide celebrity through his poetry, he soon tried his hand at documenting his researches into the oral tradition of the Scottish Borders in prose fiction—stories and novels—at the time still considered aesthetically inferior to poetry (above all to such classical genres as the epic or poetic tragedy) as a mimetic vehicle for portraying historical events. In an innovative and astute action, he wrote and published his first novel, Waverley, anonymously in 1814. It was a tale of the Jacobite rising of 1745. Its English protagonist, Edward Waverley, like Don Quixote a great reader of romances, has been brought up by his Tory uncle, who is sympathetic to Jacobitism, although Edward's own father is a Whig. The youthful Waverley obtains a commission in the Whig army and is posted in Dundee. On leave, he meets his uncle's friend, the Jacobite Baron Bradwardine and is attracted to the Baron's daughter Rose. On a visit to the Highlands, Edward overstays his leave and is arrested and charged with desertion but is rescued by the Highland chieftain Fergus MacIvor and his mesmerizing sister Flora, whose devotion to the Stuart cause, "as it exceeded her brother's in fanaticism, excelled it also in purity". Through Flora, Waverley meets Bonnie Prince Charlie, and under her influence goes over to the Jacobite side and takes part in the Battle of Prestonpans. He escapes retribution, however, after saving the life of a Whig colonel during the battle. Waverley (whose surname reflects his divided loyalties) eventually decides to lead a peaceful life of establishment respectability under the House of Hanover rather than live as a proscribed rebel. He chooses to marry the beautiful Rose Bradwardine, rather than cast his lot with the sublime Flora MacIvor, who, after the failure of the '45 rising, retires to a French convent.
There followed a succession of novels over the next five years, each with a Scottish historical setting. Mindful of his reputation as a poet, Scott maintained the anonymity he had begun with Waverley, publishing the novels under the name "Author of Waverley" or as "Tales of..." with no author. Among those familiar with his poetry, his identity became an open secret, but Scott persisted in maintaining the façade, perhaps because he thought his old-fashioned father would disapprove of his engaging in such a trivial pursuit as novel writing. During this time Scott became known by the nickname "The Wizard of the North". In 1815 he was given the honour of dining with George, Prince Regent, who wanted to meet the "Author of Waverley".




"Edgar and Lucie at Mermaiden's well" by Charles Robert Leslie (1886), after Sir Walter Scott's Bride of Lammermoor. Lucie is wearing a full plaid.


Scott's 1819 series Tales of my Landlord is sometimes considered a subset of the Waverley novels and was intended to illustrate aspects of Scottish regional life. Among the best known is The Bride of Lammermoor, a fictionalized version of an actual incident in the history of the Dalrymple family that took place in the Lammermuir Hills in 1669. In the novel, Lucie Ashton and the nobly born but now dispossessed and impoverished Edgar Ravenswood exchange vows. But the Ravenswoods and the wealthy Ashtons, who now own the former Ravenswood lands, are enemies, and Lucie's mother forces her daughter to break her engagement to Edgar and marry the wealthy Sir Arthur Bucklaw. Lucie falls into a depression and on their wedding night stabs the bridegroom, succumbs to insanity, and dies. In 1821, French Romantic painter Eugène Delacroix painted a portrait depicting himself as the melancholy, disinherited Edgar Ravenswood. The prolonged, climactic coloratura mad scene for Lucia in Donizetti's 1835 bel canto opera Lucia di Lammermoor is based on what in the novel were just a few bland sentences.
Tales of my Landlord includes the now highly regarded novel Old Mortality, set in 1679–89 against the backdrop of the ferocious anti-Covenanting campaign of the Tory Graham of Claverhouse, subsequently made Viscount Dundee (called "Bluidy Clavers" by his opponents but later dubbed "Bonnie Dundee" by Scott). The Covenanters were presbyterians who had supported the Restoration of Charles II on promises of a Presbyterian settlement, but he had instead reintroduced Episcopalian church government with draconian penalties for Presbyterian worship. This led to the destitution of around 270 ministers who had refused to take an oath of allegiance and submit themselves to bishops, and who continued to conduct worship among a remnant of their flock in caves and other remote country spots. The relentless persecution of these conventicles and attempts to break them up by military force had led to open revolt. The story is told from the point of view of Henry Morton, a moderate Presbyterian, who is unwittingly drawn into the conflict and barely escapes summary execution. In writing Old Mortality Scott drew upon the knowledge he had acquired from his researches into ballads on the subject for The Minstrelsy of the Scottish Border.[21] Scott's background as a lawyer also informed his perspective, for at the time of the novel, which takes place before the Act of Union of 1707, English law did not apply in Scotland, and afterwards Scotland has continued to have its own Scots law as a hybrid legal system. A recent critic, who is a legal as well as a literary scholar, argues that Old Mortality not only reflects the dispute between Stuart's absolute monarchy and the jurisdiction of the courts, but also invokes a foundational moment in British sovereignty, namely, the Habeas Corpus Act (also known as the Great Writ), passed by the English Parliament in 1679.[22] Oblique reference to the origin of Habeas corpus underlies Scott's next novel, Ivanhoe, set during the era of the creation of the Magna Carta, which political conservatives like Walter Scott and Edmund Burke regarded as rooted in immemorial British custom and precedent.
Ivanhoe (1819), set in 12th-century England, marked a move away from Scott's focus on the local history of Scotland. Based partly on Hume's History of England and the ballad cycle of Robin Hood, Ivanhoe was quickly translated into many languages and inspired countless imitations and theatrical adaptations. Ivanhoe depicts the cruel tyranny of the Norman overlords (Norman Yoke) over the impoverished Saxon populace of England, with two of the main characters, Rowena and Locksley (Robin Hood), representing the dispossessed Saxon aristocracy. When the protagonists are captured and imprisoned by a Norman baron, Scott interrupts the story to exclaim:

It is grievous to think that those valiant barons, to whose stand against the crown the liberties of England were indebted for their existence, should themselves have been such dreadful oppressors, and capable of excesses contrary not only to the laws of England, but to those of nature and humanity. But, alas ...fiction itself can hardly reach the dark reality of the horrors of the period. (Chapter 24.33)

The institution of the Magna Carta, which happens outside the time frame of the story, is portrayed as a progressive (incremental) reform, but also as a step towards the recovery of a lost golden age of liberty endemic to England and the English system. Scott puts a derisive prophecy in the mouth of the jester Wamba:


Norman saw on English oak.
On English neck a Norman yoke;
Norman spoon to English dish,
And England ruled as Normans wish;
Blithe world in England never will be more,
Till England's rid of all the four. (Ivanhoe, Ch. xxvii)


Although on the surface an entertaining escapist romance, alert contemporary readers would have quickly recognised the political subtext of Ivanhoe, which appeared immediately after the English Parliament, fearful of French-style revolution in the aftermath of Waterloo, had passed the Habeas Corpus Suspension acts of 1817 and 1818 and other extremely repressive measures, and when traditional English Charter rights versus revolutionary human rights was a topic of discussion.[23]
Ivanhoe was also remarkable in its sympathetic portrayal of Jewish characters: Rebecca, considered by many critics the book's real heroine, does not in the end get to marry Ivanhoe, whom she loves, but Scott allows her to remain faithful to her own religion, rather than having her convert to Christianity. Likewise, her father, Isaac of York, a Jewish moneylender, is shown as a victim rather than a villain. In Ivanhoe, which is one of Scott's Waverley novels, religious and sectarian fanatics are the villains, while the eponymous hero is a bystander who must weigh the evidence and decide where to take a stand. Scott's positive portrayal of Judaism, which reflects his humanity and concern for religious toleration, also coincided with a contemporary movement for the Emancipation of the Jews in England.
Recovery of the Crown Jewels, baronetcy and ceremonial pageantry[edit]




Rediscovering the 'lost' Honours of Scotland in 1818






George IV landing at Leith in 1822


Scott's fame grew as his explorations and interpretations of Scottish history and society captured popular imagination. Impressed by this, the Prince Regent (the future George IV) gave Scott permission to conduct a search for the Crown Jewels ("Honours of Scotland"). During the years of the Protectorate under Cromwell the Crown Jewels had been hidden away, but had subsequently been used to crown Charles II. They were not used to crown subsequent monarchs, but were regularly taken to sittings of Parliament, to represent the absent monarch, until the Act of Union 1707. Thereafter, the honours were stored in Edinburgh Castle, but the large locked box in which they were stored was not opened for more than 100 years, and stories circulated that they had been "lost" or removed. In 1818, Scott and a small team of military men opened the box, and "unearthed" the honours from the Crown Room in the depths of Edinburgh Castle. A grateful Prince Regent granted Scott the title of baronet,[24] and in March 1820 he received the baronetcy in London, becoming Sir Walter Scott, 1st Baronet.[25]
After George's accession to the throne, the city council of Edinburgh invited Scott, at the King's behest, to stage-manage the 1822 visit of King George IV to Scotland.[24] With only three weeks for planning and execution, Scott created a spectacular and comprehensive pageant, designed not only to impress the King, but also in some way to heal the rifts that had destabilised Scots society. He used the event to contribute to the drawing of a line under an old world that pitched his homeland into regular bouts of bloody strife. He, along with his "production team", mounted what in modern days could be termed a PR event, in which the King was dressed in tartan, and was greeted by his people, many of whom were also dressed in similar tartan ceremonial dress. This form of dress, proscribed after the 1745 rebellion against the English, became one of the seminal, potent and ubiquitous symbols of Scottish identity.[26]
In his novel Kenilworth, Elizabeth I is welcomed to the castle of that name by means of an elaborate pageant, the details of which Scott was well qualified to itemize.
Much of Scott's autograph work shows an almost stream-of-consciousness approach to writing. He included little in the way of punctuation in his drafts, leaving such details to the printers to supply.[27] He eventually acknowledged in 1827 that he was the author of the Waverley Novels.[26]
Financial problems and death[edit]




Sir Walter Scott's grave at Dryburgh Abbey


In 1825 a UK-wide banking crisis resulted in the collapse of the Ballantyne printing business, of which Scott was the only partner with a financial interest; the company's debts of £130,000 (equivalent to £9,600,000 in 2015) caused his very public ruin.[28] Rather than declare himself bankrupt, or to accept any kind of financial support from his many supporters and admirers (including the king himself), he placed his house and income in a trust belonging to his creditors, and determined to write his way out of debt. He kept up his prodigious output of fiction, as well as producing a biography of Napoleon Bonaparte, until 1831. By then his health was failing, but he nevertheless undertook a grand tour of Europe, and was welcomed and celebrated wherever he went. He returned to Scotland and, in September 1832, during the epidemic in Scotland that year, died of typhus[29] at Abbotsford, the home he had designed and had built, near Melrose in the Scottish Borders. (His wife, Lady Scott, had died in 1826 and was buried as an Episcopalian.) Two Presbyterian ministers and one Episcopalian officiated at his funeral.[30] Scott died owing money, but his novels continued to sell, and the debts encumbering his estate were discharged shortly after his death.[28]
Personal life[edit]
Scott's eldest son Lt Walter Scott, inherited his father's estate and possessions. He married Jane Jobson, only daughter of William Jobson of Lochore (died 1822) and his wife Rachel Stuart (died 1863) on 3 February 1825.[31]
Scott, Sr.'s lawyer from at least 1814 was Hay Donaldson WS (died 1822), who was also agent to the Duke of Buccleuch. Scott was Donaldson's proposer when he was elected a Fellow of the Royal Society of Edinburgh.[32]
His distant cousin was the poet Randall Swingler.
Abbotsford[edit]




Abbotsford House






Tomb of Walter Scott, in Dryburgh Abbey by Henry Fox Talbot, 1844


When Scott was a boy, he sometimes travelled with his father from Selkirk to Melrose, where some of his novels are set. At a certain spot the old gentleman would stop the carriage and take his son to a stone on the site of the Battle of Melrose (1526).[33]
During the summers from 1804, Scott made his home at the large house of Ashestiel, on the south bank of the River Tweed 6 miles (9.7 km) north of Selkirk. When his lease on this property expired in 1811, Scott bought Cartley Hole Farm, downstream on the Tweed nearer Melrose. The farm had the nickname of "Clarty Hole", and when Scott built a family cottage there in 1812 he named it "Abbotsford". He continued to expand the estate, and built Abbotsford House in a series of extensions.[2] The farmhouse developed into a wonderful home that has been likened to a fairy palace. Scott was a pioneer of the Scottish Baronial style of architecture, therefore Abbotsford is festooned with turrets and stepped gabling. Through windows enriched with the insignia of heraldry the sun shone on suits of armour, trophies of the chase, a library of more than 9,000 volumes, fine furniture, and still finer pictures. Panelling of oak and cedar and carved ceilings relieved by coats of arms in their correct colours added to the beauty of the house.[34][verification needed]
It is estimated that the building cost Scott more than £25,000 (equivalent to £1,900,000 in 2015). More land was purchased until Scott owned nearly 1,000 acres (4.0 km2). A Roman road with a ford near Melrose used in olden days by the abbots of Melrose suggested the name of Abbotsford. Scott was buried in Dryburgh Abbey, where his wife had earlier been interred. Nearby is a large statue of William Wallace, one of Scotland's many romanticised historical figures.[35] Abbotsford later gave its name to the Abbotsford Club, founded in 1834 in memory of Sir Walter Scott.[36]
Legacy[edit]


Part of the Politics series on


Toryism







Characteristics


Monarchism
Traditionalism
High Church Anglicanism
Traditional Catholicism
Loyalism
Royalism
Interventionism
Agrarianism/Self-sufficiency
Counterrevolution
Classicism
High culture
Noblesse oblige
Organic unity
Unionism








General topics


Cavaliers
Cavalier Parliament
Château Clique
Jacobitism
Divine right of kings
Corporatism
Family Compact (Canada)
Oxford Movement
Powellism








People


Robert Filmer
1st Earl of Clarendon
Roger L'Estrange
1st Earl of Rochester
1st Viscount Bolingbroke
3rd Earl of Bute
1st Duke of Wellington
Walter Scott
Stanley Baldwin
G. K. Chesterton
Winston Churchill
Enoch Powell
George Grant








Related topics


Conservatism
Distributists
Miguelism
Vendéens
Chouans
Legitimism
Carlism
Sanfedismo
Viva Maria
Cristeros
Reactionary
High Tory
Red Tory
Loyalist
Royalist
Veronese Easter
Tory corporatism
Tory socialism
Pink Tory
Ultra-Tories









v
t
e





Later assessment[edit]







Although he continued to be extremely popular and widely read, both at home and abroad,[37] Scott's critical reputation declined in the last half of the 19th century as serious writers turned from romanticism to realism, and Scott began to be regarded as an author suitable for children. This trend accelerated in the 20th century. For example, in his classic study Aspects of the Novel (1927), E. M. Forster harshly criticized Scott's clumsy and slapdash writing style, "flat" characters, and thin plots. In contrast, the novels of Scott's contemporary Jane Austen, once appreciated only by the discerning few (including, as it happened, Sir Walter Scott himself) rose steadily in critical esteem, though Austen, as a female writer, was still faulted for her narrow ("feminine") choice of subject matter, which, unlike Scott, avoided the grand historical themes traditionally viewed as masculine.
Nevertheless, Scott's importance as an innovator continued to be recognized. He was acclaimed as the inventor of the genre of the modern historical novel (which others trace to Jane Porter, whose work in the genre predates Scott's) and the inspiration for enormous numbers of imitators and genre writers both in Britain and on the European continent. In the cultural sphere, Scott's Waverley novels played a significant part in the movement (begun with James Macpherson's Ossian cycle) in rehabilitating the public perception of the Scottish Highlands and its culture, which had been formally suppressed as barbaric, and viewed in the southern mind as a breeding ground of hill bandits, religious fanaticism, and Jacobite rebellions. Scott served as chairman of the Royal Society of Edinburgh and was also a member of the Royal Celtic Society. His own contribution to the reinvention of Scottish culture was enormous, even though his re-creations of the customs of the Highlands were fanciful at times, despite his extensive travels around his native country. It is a testament to Scott's contribution in creating a unified identity for Scotland that Edinburgh's central railway station, opened in 1854 by the North British Railway, is called Waverley. The fact that Scott was a Lowland Presbyterian, rather than a Gaelic-speaking Catholic Highlander, made him more acceptable to a conservative English reading public. Scott's novels were certainly influential in the making of the Victorian craze for all things Scottish among British royalty, who were anxious to claim legitimacy through their rather attenuated historical connection with the royal house of Stuart.[citation needed]
At the time Scott wrote, Scotland was poised to move away from an era of socially divisive clan warfare to a modern world of literacy and industrial capitalism. Through the medium of Scott's novels, the violent religious and political conflicts of the country's recent past could be seen as belonging to history—which Scott defined, as the subtitle of Waverley ("'Tis Sixty Years Since") indicates, as something that happened at least 60 years ago. Scott's advocacy of objectivity and moderation and his strong repudiation of political violence on either side also had a strong, though unspoken, contemporary resonance in an era when many conservative English speakers lived in mortal fear of a revolution in the French style on British soil. Scott's orchestration of King George IV's visit to Scotland, in 1822, was a pivotal event intended to inspire a view of his home country that, in his view, accentuated the positive aspects of the past while allowing the age of quasi-medieval blood-letting to be put to rest, while envisioning a more useful, peaceful future.
After Scott's work had been essentially unstudied for many decades, a revival of critical interest began from the 1960s. Postmodern tastes favoured discontinuous narratives and the introduction of the "first person", yet they were more favourable to Scott's work than Modernist tastes. While F. R. Leavis had disdained Scott, seeing him as a thoroughly bad novelist and a thoroughly bad influence (The Great Tradition [1948]), György Lukács (The Historical Novel [1937, trans. 1962]) and David Daiches (Scott's Achievement as a Novelist [1951]) offered a Marxian political reading of Scott's fiction that generated a great deal of genuine interest in his work. Scott is now seen as an important innovator and a key figure in the development of Scottish and world literature, and particularly as the inventor of the historical novel.[38]
Memorials and commemoration[edit]




The Scott Monument on Edinburgh's Princes Street






Statue by Sir John Steell on the Scott Monument in Edinburgh






Scott Monument in Glasgow's George Square






Statue on the Glasgow monument


During his lifetime, Scott's portrait was painted by Sir Edwin Landseer and fellow-Scots Sir Henry Raeburn and James Eckford Lauder. In Edinburgh, the 61.1-metre-tall Victorian Gothic spire of the Scott Monument was designed by George Meikle Kemp. It was completed in 1844, 12 years after Scott's death, and dominates the south side of Princes Street. Scott is also commemorated on a stone slab in Makars' Court, outside The Writers' Museum, Lawnmarket, Edinburgh, along with other prominent Scottish writers; quotes from his work are also visible on the Canongate Wall of the Scottish Parliament building in Holyrood. There is a tower dedicated to his memory on Corstorphine Hill in the west of the city and, as mentioned, Edinburgh's Waverley railway station takes its name from one of his novels.
In Glasgow, Walter Scott's Monument dominates the centre of George Square, the main public square in the city. Designed by David Rhind in 1838, the monument features a large column topped by a statue of Scott.[39] There is a statue of Scott in New York City's Central Park.[40]
Numerous Masonic Lodges have been named after him and his novels. For example: Lodge Sir Walter Scott, No.859, (Perth, Australia) and Lodge Waverly, No.597, (Edinburgh, Scotland).[41]
The annual Walter Scott Prize for Historical Fiction was created in 2010 by the Duke and Duchess of Buccleuch, whose ancestors were closely linked to Sir Walter Scott. At £25,000 it is one of the largest prizes in British literature. The award has been presented at Scott's historic home, Abbotsford House.
Scott has been credited with rescuing the Scottish banknote. In 1826, there was outrage in Scotland at the attempt of Parliament to prevent the production of banknotes of less than five pounds. Scott wrote a series of letters to the Edinburgh Weekly Journal under the pseudonym "Malachi Malagrowther" for retaining the right of Scottish banks to issue their own banknotes. This provoked such a response that the Government was forced to relent and allow the Scottish banks to continue printing pound notes. This campaign is commemorated by his continued appearance on the front of all notes issued by the Bank of Scotland. The image on the 2007 series of banknotes is based on the portrait by Henry Raeburn.[42]
During and immediately after World War I there was a movement spearheaded by President Wilson and other eminent people to inculcate patriotism in American school children, especially immigrants, and to stress the American connection with the literature and institutions of the "mother country" of Great Britain, using selected readings in middle school textbooks.[43] Scott's Ivanhoe continued to be required reading for many American high school students until the end of the 1950s.
A bust of Scott is in the Hall of Heroes of the National Wallace Monument in Stirling.
Literature by other authors[edit]
In Charles Baudelaire's La Fanfarlo (1847), poet Samuel Cramer says of Scott:

Oh that tedious author, a dusty exhumer of chronicles! A fastidious mass of descriptions of bric-a-brac ... and castoff things of every sort, armor, tableware, furniture, gothic inns, and melodramatic castles where lifeless mannequins stalk about, dressed in leotards.

In the novella, however, Cramer proves as deluded a romantic as any hero in one of Scott's novels.[44]
In Anne Brontë's The Tenant of Wildfell Hall (1848) the narrator, Gilbert Markham, brings an elegantly bound copy of Marmion as a present to the independent "tenant of Wildfell Hall" (Helen Graham) whom he is courting, and is mortified when she insists on paying for it.
In a speech delivered at Salem, Massachusetts, on 6 January 1860, to raise money for the families of the executed abolitionist John Brown and his followers, Ralph Waldo Emerson calls Brown an example of true chivalry, which consists not in noble birth but in helping the weak and defenseless and declares that "Walter Scott would have delighted to draw his picture and trace his adventurous career".[45]
In his 1870 memoir, Army Life in a Black Regiment, New England abolitionist Thomas Wentworth Higginson (later editor of Emily Dickinson), described how he wrote down and preserved Negro spirituals or "shouts" while serving as a colonel in the First South Carolina Volunteers, the first authorized Union Army regiment recruited from freedmen during the Civil War (memorialized in the 1989 film Glory). He wrote that he was "a faithful student of the Scottish ballads, and had always envied Sir Walter the delight of tracing them out amid their own heather, and of writing them down piecemeal from the lips of aged crones".
According to his daughter Eleanor, Scott was "an author to whom Karl Marx again and again returned, whom he admired and knew as well as he did Balzac and Fielding".[46]
In his 1883 Life on the Mississippi, Mark Twain satirized the impact of Scott's writings, declaring (with humorous hyperbole) that Scott "had so large a hand in making Southern character, as it existed before the [American Civil] war", that he is "in great measure responsible for the war".[47] He goes on to coin the term "Sir Walter Scott disease", which he blames for the South's lack of advancement. Twain also targeted Scott in Adventures of Huckleberry Finn, where he names a sinking boat the "Walter Scott" (1884); and, in A Connecticut Yankee in King Arthur's Court (1889), the main character repeatedly utters "great Scott" as an oath; by the end of the book, however, he has become absorbed in the world of knights in armor, reflecting Twain's ambivalence on the topic.
The idyllic Cape Cod retreat of suffragists Verena Tarrant and Olive Chancellor in Henry James' The Bostonians (1886) is called Marmion, evoking what James considered the Quixotic idealism of these social reformers.
In To the Lighthouse by Virginia Woolf, Mrs. Ramsey glances at her husband:

He was reading something that moved him very much ... He was tossing the pages over. He was acting it – perhaps he was thinking himself the person in the book. She wondered what book it was. Oh, it was one of old Sir Walter’s she saw, adjusting the shade of her lamp so that the light fell on her knitting. For Charles Tansley had been saying (she looked up as if she expected to hear the crash of books on the floor above) that people don’t read Scott any more. Then her husband thought, “That’s what they’ll say of me;” so he went and got one of those books ... [Scott's] feeling for straight forward simple things, these fishermen, the poor old crazed creature in Mucklebackit’s cottage [in The Antiquary] made him feel so vigorous, so relieved of something that he felt roused and triumphant and could not choke back his tears ... It fortified him. He clean forgot all the little rubs and digs of the evening ... and his being so irritable with his wife and so touchy and minding when they passed his books over as if they didn’t exist at all. Raising the book a little to hide his face, he let them fall and shook his head from side to side and forgot himself completely (but not one or two reflections about morality and French novels and English novels and Scott’s hands being tied but his view perhaps being as true as the other view), forgot his own bothers and failures completely in poor Steenie’s drowning and Mucklebackit’s sorrow (that was Scott at his best) and the astonishing delight and feeling of vigor that it gave him. Well, let them improve upon that, he thought as he finished the chapter ... The whole of life did not consist in going to bed with a woman, he thought, returning to Scott and Balzac, to the English novel and the French novel.

In 1951, science-fiction author Isaac Asimov wrote Breeds There a Man...?, a short story with a title alluding vividly to Scott's The Lay of the Last Minstrel (1805).
In To Kill a Mockingbird (1960), the protagonist's brother is made to read Walter Scott's book Ivanhoe to the ailing Mrs. Henry Lafayette Dubose, and he refers to the author as "Sir Walter Scout", in reference to his own sister's nickname.
In Mother Night (1961) by Kurt Vonnegut, Jr., memoirist and playwright Howard W. Campbell, Jr., prefaces his text with the six lines beginning "Breathes there the man..."
In Knights of the Sea (2010) by Canadian author Paul Marlowe, there are several quotes from and references to Marmion, as well as an inn named after Ivanhoe, and a fictitious Scott novel entitled The Beastmen of Glen Glammoch.
Bibliography[edit]




Sir Walter Scott by Robert Scott Moncrieff.


Novels[edit]
The Waverley Novels is the title given to the long series of Scott novels released from 1814 to 1832 which takes its name from the first novel, Waverley. The following is a chronological list of the entire series:

1814: Waverley
1815: Guy Mannering
1816: The Antiquary
1816: The Black Dwarf and The Tale of Old Mortality – the 1st installment from the subset series, Tales of My Landlord
1817: Rob Roy
1818: The Heart of Midlothian – the 2nd installment from the subset series, Tales of My Landlord
1819: The Bride of Lammermoor and A Legend of Montrose – the 3rd installment from the subset series, Tales of My Landlord
1820: Ivanhoe
1820: The Monastery and The Abbot – from the subset series, Tales from Benedictine Sources
1821: Kenilworth
1822: The Pirate
1822: The Fortunes of Nigel
1822: Peveril of the Peak
1823: Quentin Durward
1824: St. Ronan's Well
1824: Redgauntlet
1825: The Betrothed and The Talisman – from the subset series, Tales of the Crusaders
1826: Woodstock
1828: The Fair Maid of Perth – the 2nd installment from the subset series, Chronicles of the Canongate (sometimes not considered as part of the Waverley Novels series)
1829: Anne of Geierstein
1832: Count Robert of Paris and Castle Dangerous – the 4th installment from the subset series, Tales of My Landlord

Other novels:

1831–1832: The Siege of Malta – a finished novel published posthumously in 2008
1832: Bizarro – an unfinished novel (or novella) published posthumously in 2008

Poetry[edit]
Many of the short poems or songs released by Scott were originally not separate pieces but parts of longer poems interspersed throughout his novels, tales, and dramas.

1796: "The Chase" – an English-language translation of the German-language poem by Gottfried August Bürger entitled "Der Wilde Jäger" (or, "The Wild Huntsmen", its more common English translation), first of the translations and imitations from German ballads by Scott
1802–1803: "The Minstrelsy of the Scottish Border"
1805: "The Lay of the Last Minstrel"
1806: "Ballads and Lyrical Pieces"
1808: "Marmion"
1810: "The Lady of the Lake"
1811: "The Vision of Don Roderick"
1813: "The Bridal of Triermain"
1813: "Rokeby"
1815: "The Field of Waterloo"
1815: "The Lord of the Isles"
1817: "Harold the Dauntless"

Short stories[edit]

1827: "The Highland Widow", "The Two Drovers", and "The Surgeon's Daughter" – the 1st installment from the series, Chronicles of the Canongate
1828: "My Aunt Margaret's Mirror", "The Tapestried Chamber", and "Death of the Laird's Jock" – from the series, The Keepsake Stories

Plays[edit]

1799: Goetz of Berlichingen, with the Iron Hand: A Tragedy – an English-language translation of the 1773 German-language play by Johann Wolfgang von Goethe entitled Götz von Berlichingen
1822: Halidon Hill
1823: MacDuff's Cross
1830: The Doom of Devorgoil
1830: Auchindrane

Non-fiction[edit]

1796 Translations & imitations of German Ballads Librivox audio
1814–1817: The Border Antiquities of England and Scotland – a work co-authored by Luke Clennell and John Greig with Scott's contribution consisting of the substantial introductory essay, originally published in 2 volumes from 1814 to 1817
1815–1824: Essays on Chivalry, Romance, and Drama – a supplement to the 1815–1824 editions of the Encyclopædia Britannica
1816: Paul's Letters to his Kinsfolk
1819–1826: Provincial Antiquities of Scotland
1821–1824: Lives of the Novelists
1825–1832: The Journal of Sir Walter Scott
1826: The Letters of Malachi Malagrowther
1827: The Life of Napoleon Buonaparte
1828: Religious Discourses
1828: Tales of a Grandfather; Being Stories Taken from Scottish History – the 1st installment from the series, Tales of a Grandfather
1829: The History of Scotland: Volume I
1829: Tales of a Grandfather; Being Stories Taken from Scottish History – the 2nd installment from the series, Tales of a Grandfather
1830: Essays on Ballad Poetry
1830: The History of Scotland: Volume II
1830: Tales of a Grandfather; Being Stories Taken from Scottish History – the 3rd installment from the series, Tales of a Grandfather
1830: Letters on Demonology and Witchcraft
1831: Tales of a Grandfather; Being Stories Taken from the History of France – the 4th installment from the series, Tales of a Grandfather

See also[edit]



Wikiquote has quotations related to: Walter Scott





Wikisource has original works written by or about:
Walter Scott




Poetry portal



Operas inspired by Walter Scott
Jedediah Cleishbotham (fictional editor of Tales of My Landlord, and Scott's alter ego)
G. A. Henty
Alessandro Manzoni
Alexandre Dumas, père
Karl May
Baroness Orczy
Rafael Sabatini
Emilio Salgari
Samuel Shellabarger
Lawrence Schoonover
Jules Verne
Frank Yerby
GWR Waverley Class steam locomotives
"Famous Scots Series"
Principal Clerk of Session and Justiciary
Writers' Museum

References[edit]


^ "Family Background". Retrieved 2011-04-09. 
^ a b c d e Edinburgh University Library (22 October 2004). "Homes of Sir Walter Scott". x Edinburgh University Library. Retrieved 9 July 2013. 
^ Cone, T E (1973). "Was Sir Walter Scott's Lameness Caused by Poliomyelitis?". Pediatrics. 51 (1): 33. 
^ Robertson, Fiona. "Disfigurement and Disability: Walter Scott’s Bodies". Otranto.co.uk. Retrieved 9 May 2014. 
^ a b "Sandyknowe and Early Childhood". Retrieved 2011-04-09. 
^ "No 1 Nos 2 and 3 (Farrell's Hotel) Nos 4 to 8 (consec) (Pratt's Hotel)". Images of England. English Heritage. Retrieved 29 July 2009. 
^ a b "School and University". Walterscott.lib.ed.ac.uk. 24 October 2003. Retrieved 29 November 2009. 
^ "Literary Beginnings". Walterscott.lib.ed.ac.uk. 11 December 2007. Retrieved 29 November 2009. 
^ Walter, Sir Walter (2012). The Lady of the Lake. Lititz, PA: AP Publishing House. p. 308. ISBN 9781105941573. Retrieved 22 November 2016. 
^ BBC profile
^ Leslie C. R. Letter to Miss C Leslie dated 26 June 1820 in Autobiographical recollections ed. Tom Taylor, Ticknor & Fields, Boston 1855
^ 1st Lothians and Border Yeomanry
^ http://www.walterscott.lib.ed.ac.uk/biography/chronology.html
^ Edinburgh Archive – Family
^ Cooper, Robert L D, Ed. 2010. Famous Scottish Freemasons, pp 58–59. ISBN 978-0-9560933-8-7
^ Edinburgh Archive – Ballantyne Brothers
^ The early editions of Marmion use Scott's original spelling of "practice" (still used in the U.S.A). Later editions, compiled without Scott's oversight, usually favour the modern standard British English spelling of "practise".
^ Hay, James (1899). Sir Walter Scott. London. p. 258. ISBN 978-1278170947. Retrieved 22 November 2016. 
^ http://www.walterscott.lib.ed.ac.uk/biography/poet.html
^ "Scott the Poet". Walterscott.lib.ed.ac.uk. 11 December 2007. Retrieved 29 November 2009. 
^ See Old Mortality on the University of Edinburgh Walter Scott website.
^ See Amy Witherbee, in "Habeas Corpus: British Imaginations of Power in Walter Scott's Old Mortality", New Literary History 39 (2008): 355–67, writes:

By the 1670s, conﬂicts between religious dissidents and the Stuart Crown had given way to a Crown policy of seizing and imprisoning opponents without recourse to the courts. In 1679, this policy of using extrajudicial imprisonments to quell rebellion ﬁnally provoked the English Parliament to pass the Act of Habeas Corpus in England. Usually translated as “produce the body,” habeas corpus could be invoked by any subject to require that the king or his agents produce the body of a prisoner for adjudication before the courts. In its barest terms the Great Writ protected a subject from indeﬁnite terms of imprisonment, from imprisonment outside the kingdom, or from imprisonment without cause. It did so by asserting the jurisdiction of the courts as superior to the executive powers of the king. The Act was thus part of a long debate within the three kingdoms about the relationship of king to law and vice versa.


^ Witherbee (2008), pp. 363–64. Habeas corpus had been suspended in the mid-1790s at the time of the French Revolution by William Pitt, who had called the French declaration of human rights "monstrous". Widely publicised trials for sedition took place in Edinburgh (1793) and in London (1794) John Thelwall and two others were charged with treason. The Scottish defendants received harsh sentences whereas the English ones were acquitted. According to historian Anne Stott: "The difference between the English and Scottish trials reflects the different legal systems. Ironically, the acquittals made the loyalist case—that England was a country where a man could have a fair trial."
^ a b "Chronology of Walter Scott's life". Walter Scott Digital Archive. Retrieved 2 May 2015. 
^ "The Abbot". Walter Scott Digital Archive. Retrieved 2 May 2015. Scott had travelled to London in March [1820] to receive his baronetcy 
^ a b "Walter Scott Digital Archive – Chronology". Walterscott.lib.ed.ac.uk. 13 Oct 2008. Retrieved 29 Nov 2009. 
^ Stuart Kelly quoted by Arnold Zwicky in The Book of Lost Books
^ a b McKinstry, Sam; Fletcher, Marie (2002). "The Personal Account Books of Sir Walter Scott". The Accounting Historians Journal. 29: 59–89. JSTOR 40698269.  (subscription required)
^ London Medical and Surgical Journal, January 1833
^ Edinburgh Profile, Financial Hardship
^ Monuments and monumental inscriptions in Scotland: The Grampian Society, 1871
^ BIOGRAPHICAL INDEX OF FORMER FELLOWS OF THE ROYAL SOCIETY OF EDINBURGH 1783 – 2002 (PDF). The Royal Society of Edinburgh. July 2006. ISBN 0 902 198 84 X. 
^ Lockhart, John Gibson (1837). Memoirs of the Life of Sir Walter Scott, Bart. Philadelphia. p. 1.397. Retrieved 7 November 2016. 
^ Abbotsford House website.
^ Scott, Sir Walter; Grant, George (2001). From Bannockburn to Flodden: Wallace, Bruce, and the Heroes of Medieval Scotland. Nashville: Cumberland. p. viii. ISBN 978-1581821277. 
^ The Oxford Companion to English Literature, 6th Edition. Edited by Margaret Drabble, Oxford University Press, 2000 Pp1
^ "…it would be difficult to name, from among both modern and ancient works, many read more widely and with greater pleasure than the historical novels of … Walter Scott." – Alessandro Manzoni, On the Historical Novel.
^ Higgins, Charlotte (16 August 2010). "Scotland's image-maker Sir Walter Scott 'invented English legends'". The Guardian. London. Retrieved 2011-04-09. 
^ "Glasgow, George Square, Walter Scott's Monument". Retrieved 2011-04-09. 
^ New York monument
^ Grand Lodge of Scotland Year Book. 2014. pp 25 & 34. ISBN 0902324-86-1
^ Scottish Banks
^ For example, see the textbook compiled by Emma Serl and William J. Pelo, American Ideals: Selected Patriotic Readings for Seventh and Eighth Grades, introduction by Charles W. Eliot, President Emeritus of Harvard (Gregg Publishing, 1919).
^ See Francis S. Heck, “Baudelaire's La Fanfarlo: An Example of Romantic Irony”, The French Review 49: 3 (1976): 328–36.
^ Kenneth S. Sacks, editor, Emerson: Political Writings (Cambridge Texts in the History of Political Thought) (Cambridge University Press, 2008), p, 193.
^ S.S. Prawer, Karl Marx and World Literature, Oxford, 1976, p.386.
^ Twain, Mark. "Life on the Mississippi", Chapter 46


Further reading[edit]

Bautz, Annika. Reception of Jane Austen and Walter Scott: A Comparative Longitudinal Study. Continuum, 2007. ISBN 0-8264-9546-X, ISBN 978-0-8264-9546-4.
Brown, David. Walter Scott and the Historical Imagination. Routledge, 1979, ISBN 0-7100-0301-3; Kindle ed. 2013.
Buchan, John. Sir Walter Scott, Coward-McCann Inc., New York, 1932.
Cornish, Sidney W. The "Waverley" Manual; or, Handbook of the Chief Characters, Incidents, and Descriptions in the "Waverley" Novels, with Critical Breviates from Various Sources. Edinburgh: A. and C. Black, 1871.
Duncan, Ian. Scott's Shadow: The Novel in Romantic Edinburgh. Princeton UP, 2007. ISBN 978-0-691-04383-8.
Kelly, Stuart. Scott-Land: The Man Who Invented a Nation. Polygon, 2010. ISBN 978-1-84697-107-5.
Lincoln, Andrew. Walter Scott And Modernity. Edinburgh UP, 2007.
Stephen, Leslie (1898). "The Story of Scott's Ruin". Studies of a Biographer. 2. London: Duckworth & Co. 
Letitia Elizabeth Landon The Female Portrait Gallery. A series of 22 analyses of Scott's female characters (sadly curtailed by Letitia's untimely death in 1838). Laman Blanchard: Life and Literary Remains of L.E.L., 1841. Vol. 2. pp. 81–194.

External links[edit]


Library resources about
Walter Scott





Resources in your library
Resources in other libraries





Find more aboutWalter Scottat Wikipedia's sister projects

Media from Commons
Quotations from Wikiquote
Texts from Wikisource
Data from Wikidata



Sir Walter Scott and Hinx, his Cat
Walter Scott Digital Archive at the University of Edinburgh.
The Edinburgh Sir Walter Scott Club
Sir Walter Scott, biography by Richard H. Hutton, 1878 (from Project Gutenberg)
Works by Walter Scott at Project Gutenberg
Works by or about Walter Scott at Internet Archive
Works by Walter Scott at LibriVox (public domain audiobooks) 
Works by Walter Scott at The Online Books Page
 Chisholm, Hugh, ed. (1911). "Scott, Sir Walter". Encyclopædia Britannica (11th ed.). Cambridge University Press. 
Walter Scott's profile and catalogue of his library at Abbotsford on LibraryThing.
Guardian Books - Sir Walter Scott
Portraits at the National Portrait Gallery
Bust of Walter Scott by Sir Francis Leggatt Chantrey, 1828, white marble, Philadelphia Museum of Art, # 2002.222.1, Philadelphia (PA).
Millgate Union Catalogue of Walter Scott Correspondence
Correspondence of Sir Walter Scott, with related papers, ca. 1807–1929


Arms of Sir Walter Scott




Crest
A nymph, in her dexter hand a sun in splendour, in her sinister a crescent (moon)
Escutcheon
Quarterly; 1st & 4th or two mullets in chief and a crescent in base azure within an orle azure (Scott); 2nd & 3rd or on a bend azure three mascles or, in sinister chief point a buckle or (Haliburton); escutcheon of the Hand of Ulster
Supporters
Dexter a mermaid holding in the exterior hand a mirror proper; Sinister a savage wreathed around the head and middle, holding in the exterior hand a club
Motto
(above) Reparabit cornua phoebe - the moon shall fill her horns again
(below) Watch weel






Baronetage of the United Kingdom


New title
Baronet(of Abbotsford)
1st creation
1820–1832
Next:
Sir Walter Scott








v
t
e


Works by Walter Scott



Novels



Waverley (1814)
Guy Mannering (1815)
The Antiquary (1816)
The Black Dwarf (1816)
Old Mortality (1816)
Rob Roy (1817)
The Heart of Midlothian (1818)
The Bride of Lammermoor (1819)
A Legend of Montrose (1819)
Ivanhoe (1819)
The Monastery (1820)
The Abbot (1820)
Kenilworth (1821)
The Pirate (1821)
The Fortunes of Nigel (1822)
Peveril of the Peak (1823)
Quentin Durward (1823)
St. Ronan's Well (1823)
Redgauntlet (1824)
The Betrothed (1825)
The Talisman (1825)
Woodstock (1826)
The Fair Maid of Perth (1828)
Anne of Geierstein (1829)
Count Robert of Paris (1831)
Castle Dangerous (1831)
The Siege of Malta (1831-1832, pub. posthumously 2008)
Bizarro (1832, pub. posthumously 2008)





Poetry



Translations and Imitations from German Ballads (1796-1819)
"Glenfinlas" (1800)
The Minstrelsy of the Scottish Border (1802-1803)
The Lay of the Last Minstrel (1805)
Ballads and Lyrical Pieces (1806)
Marmion (1808)
The Lady of the Lake (1810)
The Vision of Don Roderick (1811)
The Bridal of Triermain (1813)
Rokeby (1813)
The Field of Waterloo (1815)
The Lord of the Isles (1815)
Harold the Dauntless (1817)





Short stories



Chronicles of the Canongate, 1st series (1827)
The Keepsake Stories (1828)





Plays



Halidon Hill (1822)
MacDuff's Cross (1823)
The Doom of Devorgoil (1830)
Auchindrane, or, The Ayrshire Tragedy (1830)





Non-fiction



The Journal (1825-1832)
Tales of a Grandfather (1828-1831)





People



James Ballantyne
Lord Byron
James Hogg
William Laidlaw
John Gibson Lockhart
Robert Southey
William Wordsworth





Characters



Jedediah Cleishbotham
Jeanie Deans
Dryasdust
Lord Glenallan
Saunders Mucklebackit
Edie Ochiltree
Jonathan Oldbuck
Dominie Sampson
Sir Arthur Wardour





Related



Abbotsford House
Dandie Dinmont Terrier
"Hail to the Chief"
Kennaquhair
Scott Monument
Scott's View
Sir Walter Scott Way
Walter Scott Prize
Writers' Museum












v
t
e


Walter Scott's Ivanhoe



Opera



Ivanhoé
Der Templer und die Jüdin
Il templario
Ivanhoe





Films



Ivanhoe (1913 British)
Ivanhoe (1913 American)
Ivanhoe (1952)
Ivanhoe (1982)
The Ballad of the Valiant Knight Ivanhoe (1983)





Television



Ivanhoe (1958)
Ivanhoe (1970)
Young Ivanhoe (1995)
Ivanhoe (1997)





Related



The Betrothed
Ravenskull












v
t
e


Romanticism



Countries



Denmark
England (literature)
France (literature)
Germany
Norway
Poland
Russia (literature)
Scotland





Movements



Bohemianism
Counter-Enlightenment
Dark romanticism
Düsseldorf School
Gesamtkunstwerk
Gothic fiction
Gothic Revival (architecture)
Hudson River School
Indianism
Nazarene movement
Ossian
Romantic hero
Romanticism in science
Romantic nationalism
Opium and Romanticism
Transcendentalism
Ultra-Romanticism
Wallenrodism





Writers



Abovian
Alencar
Alfieri
Andersen
A. v. Arnim
B. v. Arnim
Azevedo
Baratashvili
Baratynsky
Barbauld (Aikin)
Batyushkov
Baudelaire
Beer
Bertrand
Blake
Botev
Brentano
Bryant
Burns
Byron
Castelo Branco
Castilho
Cazotte
Chateaubriand
Chavchavadze
Clare
Coleridge
Cooper
De Quincey
Dias
Dumas
Eichendorff
Emerson
Eminescu
Espronceda
Fouqué
Foscolo
Garrett
Gautier
Goethe
Grimm Brothers
Gutzkow
Hauff
Hawthorne
Heine
Heliade
Herculano
Hoffmann
Hölderlin
Hugo
Ilić
Irving
Jakšić
Jean Paul
Karamzin
Keats
Kleist
Krasiński
Lamartine
Larra
Leopardi
Lermontov
Lowell
Macedonski
Mácha
Magalhães
Malczewski
Manzoni
Maturin
Mickiewicz
Musset
Nalbandian
Nerval
Nodier
Norwid
Novalis
Oehlenschläger
Orbeliani
Poe
Polidori
Potocki
Prešeren
Pushkin
Raffi
Schiller
Schwab
Scott
Seward
M. Shelley
P. B. Shelley
Shevchenko
Słowacki
De Staël
Stendhal
Tieck
Tyutchev
Uhland
Vörösmarty
Vyazemsky
Wordsworth
Zhukovsky
Zorrilla





Music



Adam
Alkan
Auber
Beethoven
Bellini
Bennett
Berlioz
Bertin
Berwald
Brahms
Bruckner
Chopin
Dargomyzhsky
Félicien David
Ferdinand David
Donizetti
Fauré
Field
Franck
Franz
Glinka
Gomis
Halévy
Kalkbrenner
Liszt
Loewe
Marschner
Masarnau
Méhul
Fanny Mendelssohn
Felix Mendelssohn
Méreaux
Meyerbeer
Moniuszko
Moscheles
Mussorgsky
Niedermeyer
Onslow
Paganini
Prudent
Reicha
Rimsky-Korsakov
Rossini
Rubinstein
Schubert
Clara Schumann
Robert Schumann
Smetana
Sor
Spohr
Spontini
Thalberg
Verdi
Voříšek
Wagner
Weber






Theologians and
philosophers




Chaadayev
Coleridge
Feuerbach
Fichte
Goethe
Hegel
Khomyakov
Müller
Ritschl
Rousseau
Schiller
A. Schlegel
F. Schlegel
Schopenhauer
Schleiermacher
Tieck
Wackenroder





Visual artists



Aivazovsky
Bierstadt
Blake
Bonington
Bryullov
Chassériau
Church
Constable
Cole
Corot
Dahl
David d'Angers
Delacroix
Friedrich
Fuseli
Géricault
Girodet
Głowacki
Goya
Gude
Hayez
Janmot
Jones
Kiprensky
Koch
Lampi
Leutze
Loutherbourg
Maison
Martin
Michałowski
Palmer
Porto-Alegre
Préault
Révoil
Richard
Rude
Runge
Saleh
Scheffer
Stattler
Stroj
Tidemand
Tropinin
Turner
Veit
Ward
Wiertz







 « Age of Enlightenment
Realism » 








Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 95207079
LCCN: n78095541
ISNI: 0000 0001 2144 1874
GND: 118612409
SELIBR: 211278
SUDOC: 027129489
BNF: cb11924221r (data)
BIBSYS: 90058655
ULAN: 500069589
MusicBrainz: 627f5ca8-c745-4e1c-a646-facdfe1cabdf
NLA: 35486165
NDL: 00455918
NKC: jn19990007395
ICCU: IT\ICCU\CFIV\006674
RLS: 000081966
BNE: XX913959
RKD: 254119










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Walter_Scott&oldid=790381674"					
Categories: Walter Scott1771 births1832 deaths18th-century Scottish poets19th-century antiquarians19th-century biographers19th-century judges19th-century Scottish lawyers19th-century Scottish novelists19th-century Scottish poetsAlumni of the University of EdinburghBaronets in the Baronetage of the United KingdomBritish literary editorsBritish medievalistsClan ScottElders of the Church of ScotlandFellows of the Royal Society of EdinburghHistorians of ScotlandLiterary critics of EnglishMembers of The ClubMembers of the Faculty of AdvocatesMembers of the Royal Company of ArchersPeople educated at Kelso High SchoolPeople educated at the Royal High School, EdinburghWriters from EdinburghPeople of the Scottish EnlightenmentPresidents of the Royal Society of EdinburghPrincipal Clerks of Session and JusticiaryRomantic poetsScott family of AbbotsfordScottish biographersScottish diaristsScottish folkloristsScottish FreemasonsScottish historical novelistsScottish literary criticsScottish sheriffsScottish people with disabilitiesScottish publishers (people)Scottish song collectorsScottish translatorsWriters of Arthurian literatureWriters of historical fiction set in the Middle AgesWriters of historical novels set in Early Modern periodHidden categories: Pages containing links to subscription-only contentWikipedia introduction cleanup from February 2017All pages needing cleanupArticles covered by WikiProject Wikify from February 2017All articles covered by WikiProject WikifyPages using Infobox writer with unknown parametersAll pages needing factual verificationWikipedia articles needing factual verification from July 2013All articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from September 2016Articles with Project Gutenberg linksArticles with Internet Archive linksArticles with LibriVox linksWikipedia articles incorporating a citation from the 1911 Encyclopaedia Britannica with Wikisource referenceUse British English from December 2014Use dmy dates from March 2016AC with 17 elementsWikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with LCCN identifiersWikipedia articles with ISNI identifiersWikipedia articles with GND identifiersWikipedia articles with SELIBR identifiersWikipedia articles with BNF identifiersWikipedia articles with BIBSYS identifiersWikipedia articles with ULAN identifiersWikipedia articles with MusicBrainz identifiersWikipedia articles with NLA identifiersWikipedia articles with SBN identifiersWikipedia articles with RKDartists identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia CommonsWikiquoteWikisource 



Languages


AfrikaansAlemannischالعربيةAsturianuAzərbaycancaবাংলাБеларускаяБеларуская (тарашкевіца)‎БългарскиBosanskiBrezhonegCatalàČeštinaCymraegDanskDeutschEestiΕλληνικάEspañolEsperantoEuskaraفارسیFrançaisFryskGaeilgeGàidhligGalego한국어Հայերենहिन्दीHrvatskiIdoBahasa IndonesiaInterlinguaÍslenskaItalianoעבריתBasa JawaქართულიҚазақшаКырык марыLatinaLatviešuLietuviųMagyarमैथिलीМакедонскиMalagasyमराठीМонголမြန်မာဘာသာNederlandsनेपाली日本語Norsk bokmålਪੰਜਾਬੀPiemontèisPolskiPortuguêsRomânăРусскийScotsSimple EnglishSlovenčinaSlovenščinaСрпски / srpskiSrpskohrvatski / српскохрватскиSuomiSvenskaTagalogТатарча/tatarçaTürkçeУкраїнськаTiếng Việt中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 13 July 2017, at 11:33.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 







Jet.com - Prices Drop As You ShopSkip to navigationSkip to cartSkip to footerMy FavesPromotionsEasy ReorderWhy Shop Jet?Track Your OrderFree shipping on your first order!Free Shipping Over $35 & Free Returns DetailsFree shipping on your first order!Free Shipping Over $35 & Free Returns DetailsCATEGORIESRegister | Log InEnter Zip CodeAccountMy FavesEasy ReorderEasy ReorderMy ProfileOrder HistoryShipping AddressesPayment MethodsLog OutLog InRegisterEnter your zip codeMy FavesEasy ReorderMy ProfileMy FavesEasy ReorderOrder HistoryShipping AddressesPayment MethodsLog OutCat NavNeed help? We're available 24/7.1 (855) 538-4323|help@jet.com|FAQCompanyAbout UsCareersSell on JetJet AffiliatesJetCaresTech BlogDownloadSocialfacebooktwitterlinkedininstagramTips, Tricks, and Life HacksJet BlogGet the Offersemail iconSign up for our emailsFeedbackat sign iconSend us your feedbackCopyright © 2017 Jet.com, Inc. | Version: 3:960:1501108466388:Version: 3:960:1501108466388:Privacy NoticeTerms of Use


Walter Scott - Wikipedia






















 






Walter Scott

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

For other people named Walter Scott, see Walter Scott (disambiguation).





This article's lead section may not adequately summarize key points of its contents. Please consider expanding the lead to provide an accessible overview of all important aspects of the article. Please discuss this issue on the article's talk page. (February 2017)




Sir Walter Scott, Bt



Raeburn's portrait of Sir Walter Scott in 1822



Born
15 August 1771
College Wynd, Edinburgh
Scotland


Died
21 September 1832(1832-09-21) (aged 61)
Abbotsford, Roxburghshire
Scotland


Occupation



Historical novelist
Poet



Advocate



Sheriff-Depute
Clerk of Session





Nationality
British


Alma mater
University of Edinburgh


Period
19th century


Literary movement
Romanticism


Spouse
Charlotte Carpenter (Charpentier)






Signature



Sir Walter Scott, 1st Baronet, FRSE (15 August 1771 – 21 September 1832) was a Scottish historical novelist, playwright and poet. Many of his works remain classics of both English-language literature and of Scottish literature. Famous titles include Ivanhoe, Rob Roy, Old Mortality, The Lady of the Lake, Waverley, The Heart of Midlothian and The Bride of Lammermoor.
Although primarily remembered for his extensive literary works and his political engagement, Scott was an advocate, judge and legal administrator by profession, and throughout his career combined his writing and editing work with his daily occupation as Clerk of Session and Sheriff-Depute of Selkirkshire.
A prominent member of the Tory establishment in Edinburgh, Scott was an active member of the Highland Society and served a long term as President of the Royal Society of Edinburgh (1820–32).



Contents


1 Life and works

1.1 Early days
1.2 Meeting with Blacklock and Burns
1.3 Start of literary career, marriage and family
1.4 Poetry
1.5 Novelism
1.6 Recovery of the Crown Jewels, baronetcy and ceremonial pageantry
1.7 Financial problems and death


2 Personal life
3 Abbotsford
4 Legacy

4.1 Later assessment
4.2 Memorials and commemoration
4.3 Literature by other authors


5 Bibliography

5.1 Novels
5.2 Poetry
5.3 Short stories
5.4 Plays
5.5 Non-fiction


6 See also
7 References
8 Further reading
9 External links



Life and works[edit]
Early days[edit]




Scott's childhood at Sandyknowes, in the shadow of Smailholm Tower, introduced him to the tales and folklore of the Scottish Borders.


The son of a Writer to the Signet (solicitor),[1] Scott was born in 1771 in his Presbyterian family's third-floor flat on College Wynd in the Old Town of Edinburgh, a narrow alleyway leading from the Cowgate to the gates of the University of Edinburgh (Old College).[2] He survived a childhood bout of polio in 1773 that left him lame,[3] a condition that was to have a significant effect on his life and writing.[4] To cure his lameness he was sent in 1773 to live in the rural Scottish Borders at his paternal grandparents' farm at Sandyknowe, adjacent to the ruin of Smailholm Tower, the earlier family home.[5] Here he was taught to read by his aunt Jenny, and learned from her the speech patterns and many of the tales and legends that characterised much of his work. In January 1775 he returned to Edinburgh, and that summer went with his aunt Jenny to take spa treatment at Bath in England, where they lived at 6 South Parade.[6] In the winter of 1776 he went back to Sandyknowe, with another attempt at a water cure at Prestonpans during the following summer.[5]




The Scotts' family home in George Square, Edinburgh


In 1778, Scott returned to Edinburgh for private education to prepare him for school, and joined his family in their new house built as one of the first in George Square.[2] In October 1779 he began at the Royal High School of Edinburgh (in High School Yards). He was now well able to walk and explore the city and the surrounding countryside. His reading included chivalric romances, poems, history and travel books. He was given private tuition by James Mitchell in arithmetic and writing, and learned from him the history of the Church of Scotland with emphasis on the Covenanters. After finishing school he was sent to stay for six months with his aunt Jenny in Kelso, attending the local grammar school where he met James and John Ballantyne, who later became his business partners and printed his books.[7]
Meeting with Blacklock and Burns[edit]
Scott began studying classics at the University of Edinburgh in November 1783, at the age of 12, a year or so younger than most of his fellow students. In March 1786 he began an apprenticeship in his father's office to become a Writer to the Signet. While at the university Scott had become a friend of Adam Ferguson, the son of Professor Adam Ferguson who hosted literary salons. Scott met the blind poet Thomas Blacklock, who lent him books and introduced him to James Macpherson's Ossian cycle of poems. During the winter of 1786–87 the 15-year-old Scott saw Robert Burns at one of these salons, for what was to be their only meeting. When Burns noticed a print illustrating the poem "The Justice of the Peace" and asked who had written the poem, only Scott knew that it was by John Langhorne, and was thanked by Burns.[8] When it was decided that he would become a lawyer, he returned to the university to study law, first taking classes in Moral Philosophy and Universal History in 1789–90.[7]
After completing his studies in law, he became a lawyer in Edinburgh. As a lawyer's clerk he made his first visit to the Scottish Highlands directing an eviction. He was admitted to the Faculty of Advocates in 1792. He had an unsuccessful love suit with Williamina Belsches of Fettercairn, who married Scott's friend Sir William Forbes, 7th Baronet.
Start of literary career, marriage and family[edit]




A copy of Scott's Minstrelsy in the National Museum of Scotland


As a boy, youth and young man, Scott was fascinated by the oral traditions of the Scottish Borders. He was an obsessive collector of stories, and developed an innovative method of recording what he heard at the feet of local story-tellers using carvings on twigs, to avoid the disapproval of those who believed that such stories were neither for writing down nor for printing.[9] At the age of 25 he began to write professionally, translating works from German,[10] his first publication being rhymed versions of ballads by Gottfried August Bürger in 1796. He then published an idiosyncratic three-volume set of collected ballads of his adopted home region, The Minstrelsy of the Scottish Border. This was the first sign from a literary standpoint of his interest in Scottish history.
As a result of his early polio infection, Scott had a pronounced limp. He was described in 1820 as tall, well formed (except for one ankle and foot which made him walk lamely), neither fat nor thin, with forehead very high, nose short, upper lip long and face rather fleshy, complexion fresh and clear, eyes very blue, shrewd and penetrating, with hair now silvery white.[11] Although a determined walker, on horseback he experienced greater freedom of movement. Unable to consider a military career, Scott enlisted as a volunteer in the 1st Lothian and Border yeomanry.[12]
On a trip to the Lake District with old college friends he met Charlotte Genevieve Charpentier (or Carpenter), daughter of Jean Charpentier of Lyon in France, and ward of Lord Downshire in Cumberland, an Episcopalian. After three weeks of courtship, Scott proposed and they were married on Christmas Eve 1797 in St Mary's Church, Carlisle (a church set up in the now destroyed nave of Carlisle Cathedral).[13][14] After renting a house in George Street, they moved to nearby South Castle Street. They had five children, of whom four survived by the time of Scott's death, most baptized by an Episcopalian clergyman. In 1799 he was appointed Sheriff-Depute of the County of Selkirk, based in the Royal Burgh of Selkirk. In his early married days Scott had a decent living from his earnings at the law, his salary as Sheriff-Depute, his wife's income, some revenue from his writing, and his share of his father's rather meagre estate.
After their third son was born in 1801, they moved to a spacious three-storey house built for Scott at 39 North Castle Street. This remained Scott's base in Edinburgh until 1826, when he could no longer afford two homes. From 1798 Scott had spent the summers in a cottage at Lasswade, where he entertained guests including literary figures, and it was there that his career as an author began. There were nominal residency requirements for his position of Sheriff-Depute, and at first he stayed at a local inn during the circuit. In 1804 he ended his use of the Lasswade cottage and leased the substantial house of Ashestiel, 6 miles (9.7 km) from Selkirk. It was sited on the south bank of the River Tweed, and the building incorporated an old tower house.[2]
Scott's father, also Walter (1729–1799), was a Freemason, being a member of Lodge St David, No.36 (Edinburgh), and Scott also became a Freemason in his father's Lodge in 1801, albeit only after the death of his father.[15]
Poetry[edit]




Sir Walter Scott, novelist and poet - painted by Sir William Allan


In 1796, Scott's friend James Ballantyne[16] founded a printing press in Kelso, in the Scottish Borders. Through Ballantyne, Scott was able to publish his first works, including "Glenfinlas" and "The Eve of St. John", and his poetry then began to bring him to public attention. In 1805, The Lay of the Last Minstrel captured wide public imagination, and his career as a writer was established in spectacular fashion.
He published many other poems over the next ten years, including the popular The Lady of the Lake, printed in 1810 and set in the Trossachs. Portions of the German translation of this work were set to music by Franz Schubert. One of these songs, "Ellens dritter Gesang", is popularly labelled as "Schubert's Ave Maria".
Beethoven's opus 108 "Twenty-Five Scottish Songs" includes 3 folk songs whose words are by Walter Scott.
Marmion, published in 1808, produced lines that have become proverbial. Canto VI. Stanza 17 reads:


Yet Clare's sharp questions must I shun
Must separate Constance from the nun
Oh! what a tangled web we weave
When first we practise to deceive!
A Palmer too! No wonder why
I felt rebuked beneath his eye.[17]


In 1809 Scott persuaded James Ballantyne and his brother to move to Edinburgh and to establish their printing press there. He became a partner in their business. As a political conservative,[18] Scott helped to found the Tory Quarterly Review, a review journal to which he made several anonymous contributions. Scott was also a contributor to the Edinburgh Review, which espoused Whig views.
Scott was ordained as an elder in the Presbyterian Church of Duddington and sat in the General Assembly for a time as representative elder of the burgh of Selkirk.
When the lease of Ashestiel expired in 1811 Scott bought Cartley Hole Farm, on the south bank of the River Tweed nearer Melrose. The farm had the nickname of "Clarty Hole", and when Scott built a family cottage there in 1812 he named it "Abbotsford". He continued to expand the estate, and built Abbotsford House in a series of extensions.[2]
In 1813 Scott was offered the position of Poet Laureate. He declined, due to concerns that "such an appointment would be a poisoned chalice", as the Laureateship had fallen into disrepute, due to the decline in quality of work suffered by previous title holders, ", as a succession of poetasters had churned out conventional and obsequious odes on royal occasions."[19] He sought advice from the Duke of Buccleuch, who counseled him to retain his literary independence, and the position went to Scott's friend, Robert Southey.[20]
Novelism[edit]




A Legend of Montrose, illustration from the 1872 edition


Although Scott had attained worldwide celebrity through his poetry, he soon tried his hand at documenting his researches into the oral tradition of the Scottish Borders in prose fiction—stories and novels—at the time still considered aesthetically inferior to poetry (above all to such classical genres as the epic or poetic tragedy) as a mimetic vehicle for portraying historical events. In an innovative and astute action, he wrote and published his first novel, Waverley, anonymously in 1814. It was a tale of the Jacobite rising of 1745. Its English protagonist, Edward Waverley, like Don Quixote a great reader of romances, has been brought up by his Tory uncle, who is sympathetic to Jacobitism, although Edward's own father is a Whig. The youthful Waverley obtains a commission in the Whig army and is posted in Dundee. On leave, he meets his uncle's friend, the Jacobite Baron Bradwardine and is attracted to the Baron's daughter Rose. On a visit to the Highlands, Edward overstays his leave and is arrested and charged with desertion but is rescued by the Highland chieftain Fergus MacIvor and his mesmerizing sister Flora, whose devotion to the Stuart cause, "as it exceeded her brother's in fanaticism, excelled it also in purity". Through Flora, Waverley meets Bonnie Prince Charlie, and under her influence goes over to the Jacobite side and takes part in the Battle of Prestonpans. He escapes retribution, however, after saving the life of a Whig colonel during the battle. Waverley (whose surname reflects his divided loyalties) eventually decides to lead a peaceful life of establishment respectability under the House of Hanover rather than live as a proscribed rebel. He chooses to marry the beautiful Rose Bradwardine, rather than cast his lot with the sublime Flora MacIvor, who, after the failure of the '45 rising, retires to a French convent.
There followed a succession of novels over the next five years, each with a Scottish historical setting. Mindful of his reputation as a poet, Scott maintained the anonymity he had begun with Waverley, publishing the novels under the name "Author of Waverley" or as "Tales of..." with no author. Among those familiar with his poetry, his identity became an open secret, but Scott persisted in maintaining the façade, perhaps because he thought his old-fashioned father would disapprove of his engaging in such a trivial pursuit as novel writing. During this time Scott became known by the nickname "The Wizard of the North". In 1815 he was given the honour of dining with George, Prince Regent, who wanted to meet the "Author of Waverley".




"Edgar and Lucie at Mermaiden's well" by Charles Robert Leslie (1886), after Sir Walter Scott's Bride of Lammermoor. Lucie is wearing a full plaid.


Scott's 1819 series Tales of my Landlord is sometimes considered a subset of the Waverley novels and was intended to illustrate aspects of Scottish regional life. Among the best known is The Bride of Lammermoor, a fictionalized version of an actual incident in the history of the Dalrymple family that took place in the Lammermuir Hills in 1669. In the novel, Lucie Ashton and the nobly born but now dispossessed and impoverished Edgar Ravenswood exchange vows. But the Ravenswoods and the wealthy Ashtons, who now own the former Ravenswood lands, are enemies, and Lucie's mother forces her daughter to break her engagement to Edgar and marry the wealthy Sir Arthur Bucklaw. Lucie falls into a depression and on their wedding night stabs the bridegroom, succumbs to insanity, and dies. In 1821, French Romantic painter Eugène Delacroix painted a portrait depicting himself as the melancholy, disinherited Edgar Ravenswood. The prolonged, climactic coloratura mad scene for Lucia in Donizetti's 1835 bel canto opera Lucia di Lammermoor is based on what in the novel were just a few bland sentences.
Tales of my Landlord includes the now highly regarded novel Old Mortality, set in 1679–89 against the backdrop of the ferocious anti-Covenanting campaign of the Tory Graham of Claverhouse, subsequently made Viscount Dundee (called "Bluidy Clavers" by his opponents but later dubbed "Bonnie Dundee" by Scott). The Covenanters were presbyterians who had supported the Restoration of Charles II on promises of a Presbyterian settlement, but he had instead reintroduced Episcopalian church government with draconian penalties for Presbyterian worship. This led to the destitution of around 270 ministers who had refused to take an oath of allegiance and submit themselves to bishops, and who continued to conduct worship among a remnant of their flock in caves and other remote country spots. The relentless persecution of these conventicles and attempts to break them up by military force had led to open revolt. The story is told from the point of view of Henry Morton, a moderate Presbyterian, who is unwittingly drawn into the conflict and barely escapes summary execution. In writing Old Mortality Scott drew upon the knowledge he had acquired from his researches into ballads on the subject for The Minstrelsy of the Scottish Border.[21] Scott's background as a lawyer also informed his perspective, for at the time of the novel, which takes place before the Act of Union of 1707, English law did not apply in Scotland, and afterwards Scotland has continued to have its own Scots law as a hybrid legal system. A recent critic, who is a legal as well as a literary scholar, argues that Old Mortality not only reflects the dispute between Stuart's absolute monarchy and the jurisdiction of the courts, but also invokes a foundational moment in British sovereignty, namely, the Habeas Corpus Act (also known as the Great Writ), passed by the English Parliament in 1679.[22] Oblique reference to the origin of Habeas corpus underlies Scott's next novel, Ivanhoe, set during the era of the creation of the Magna Carta, which political conservatives like Walter Scott and Edmund Burke regarded as rooted in immemorial British custom and precedent.
Ivanhoe (1819), set in 12th-century England, marked a move away from Scott's focus on the local history of Scotland. Based partly on Hume's History of England and the ballad cycle of Robin Hood, Ivanhoe was quickly translated into many languages and inspired countless imitations and theatrical adaptations. Ivanhoe depicts the cruel tyranny of the Norman overlords (Norman Yoke) over the impoverished Saxon populace of England, with two of the main characters, Rowena and Locksley (Robin Hood), representing the dispossessed Saxon aristocracy. When the protagonists are captured and imprisoned by a Norman baron, Scott interrupts the story to exclaim:

It is grievous to think that those valiant barons, to whose stand against the crown the liberties of England were indebted for their existence, should themselves have been such dreadful oppressors, and capable of excesses contrary not only to the laws of England, but to those of nature and humanity. But, alas ...fiction itself can hardly reach the dark reality of the horrors of the period. (Chapter 24.33)

The institution of the Magna Carta, which happens outside the time frame of the story, is portrayed as a progressive (incremental) reform, but also as a step towards the recovery of a lost golden age of liberty endemic to England and the English system. Scott puts a derisive prophecy in the mouth of the jester Wamba:


Norman saw on English oak.
On English neck a Norman yoke;
Norman spoon to English dish,
And England ruled as Normans wish;
Blithe world in England never will be more,
Till England's rid of all the four. (Ivanhoe, Ch. xxvii)


Although on the surface an entertaining escapist romance, alert contemporary readers would have quickly recognised the political subtext of Ivanhoe, which appeared immediately after the English Parliament, fearful of French-style revolution in the aftermath of Waterloo, had passed the Habeas Corpus Suspension acts of 1817 and 1818 and other extremely repressive measures, and when traditional English Charter rights versus revolutionary human rights was a topic of discussion.[23]
Ivanhoe was also remarkable in its sympathetic portrayal of Jewish characters: Rebecca, considered by many critics the book's real heroine, does not in the end get to marry Ivanhoe, whom she loves, but Scott allows her to remain faithful to her own religion, rather than having her convert to Christianity. Likewise, her father, Isaac of York, a Jewish moneylender, is shown as a victim rather than a villain. In Ivanhoe, which is one of Scott's Waverley novels, religious and sectarian fanatics are the villains, while the eponymous hero is a bystander who must weigh the evidence and decide where to take a stand. Scott's positive portrayal of Judaism, which reflects his humanity and concern for religious toleration, also coincided with a contemporary movement for the Emancipation of the Jews in England.
Recovery of the Crown Jewels, baronetcy and ceremonial pageantry[edit]




Rediscovering the 'lost' Honours of Scotland in 1818






George IV landing at Leith in 1822


Scott's fame grew as his explorations and interpretations of Scottish history and society captured popular imagination. Impressed by this, the Prince Regent (the future George IV) gave Scott permission to conduct a search for the Crown Jewels ("Honours of Scotland"). During the years of the Protectorate under Cromwell the Crown Jewels had been hidden away, but had subsequently been used to crown Charles II. They were not used to crown subsequent monarchs, but were regularly taken to sittings of Parliament, to represent the absent monarch, until the Act of Union 1707. Thereafter, the honours were stored in Edinburgh Castle, but the large locked box in which they were stored was not opened for more than 100 years, and stories circulated that they had been "lost" or removed. In 1818, Scott and a small team of military men opened the box, and "unearthed" the honours from the Crown Room in the depths of Edinburgh Castle. A grateful Prince Regent granted Scott the title of baronet,[24] and in March 1820 he received the baronetcy in London, becoming Sir Walter Scott, 1st Baronet.[25]
After George's accession to the throne, the city council of Edinburgh invited Scott, at the King's behest, to stage-manage the 1822 visit of King George IV to Scotland.[24] With only three weeks for planning and execution, Scott created a spectacular and comprehensive pageant, designed not only to impress the King, but also in some way to heal the rifts that had destabilised Scots society. He used the event to contribute to the drawing of a line under an old world that pitched his homeland into regular bouts of bloody strife. He, along with his "production team", mounted what in modern days could be termed a PR event, in which the King was dressed in tartan, and was greeted by his people, many of whom were also dressed in similar tartan ceremonial dress. This form of dress, proscribed after the 1745 rebellion against the English, became one of the seminal, potent and ubiquitous symbols of Scottish identity.[26]
In his novel Kenilworth, Elizabeth I is welcomed to the castle of that name by means of an elaborate pageant, the details of which Scott was well qualified to itemize.
Much of Scott's autograph work shows an almost stream-of-consciousness approach to writing. He included little in the way of punctuation in his drafts, leaving such details to the printers to supply.[27] He eventually acknowledged in 1827 that he was the author of the Waverley Novels.[26]
Financial problems and death[edit]




Sir Walter Scott's grave at Dryburgh Abbey


In 1825 a UK-wide banking crisis resulted in the collapse of the Ballantyne printing business, of which Scott was the only partner with a financial interest; the company's debts of £130,000 (equivalent to £9,600,000 in 2015) caused his very public ruin.[28] Rather than declare himself bankrupt, or to accept any kind of financial support from his many supporters and admirers (including the king himself), he placed his house and income in a trust belonging to his creditors, and determined to write his way out of debt. He kept up his prodigious output of fiction, as well as producing a biography of Napoleon Bonaparte, until 1831. By then his health was failing, but he nevertheless undertook a grand tour of Europe, and was welcomed and celebrated wherever he went. He returned to Scotland and, in September 1832, during the epidemic in Scotland that year, died of typhus[29] at Abbotsford, the home he had designed and had built, near Melrose in the Scottish Borders. (His wife, Lady Scott, had died in 1826 and was buried as an Episcopalian.) Two Presbyterian ministers and one Episcopalian officiated at his funeral.[30] Scott died owing money, but his novels continued to sell, and the debts encumbering his estate were discharged shortly after his death.[28]
Personal life[edit]
Scott's eldest son Lt Walter Scott, inherited his father's estate and possessions. He married Jane Jobson, only daughter of William Jobson of Lochore (died 1822) and his wife Rachel Stuart (died 1863) on 3 February 1825.[31]
Scott, Sr.'s lawyer from at least 1814 was Hay Donaldson WS (died 1822), who was also agent to the Duke of Buccleuch. Scott was Donaldson's proposer when he was elected a Fellow of the Royal Society of Edinburgh.[32]
His distant cousin was the poet Randall Swingler.
Abbotsford[edit]




Abbotsford House






Tomb of Walter Scott, in Dryburgh Abbey by Henry Fox Talbot, 1844


When Scott was a boy, he sometimes travelled with his father from Selkirk to Melrose, where some of his novels are set. At a certain spot the old gentleman would stop the carriage and take his son to a stone on the site of the Battle of Melrose (1526).[33]
During the summers from 1804, Scott made his home at the large house of Ashestiel, on the south bank of the River Tweed 6 miles (9.7 km) north of Selkirk. When his lease on this property expired in 1811, Scott bought Cartley Hole Farm, downstream on the Tweed nearer Melrose. The farm had the nickname of "Clarty Hole", and when Scott built a family cottage there in 1812 he named it "Abbotsford". He continued to expand the estate, and built Abbotsford House in a series of extensions.[2] The farmhouse developed into a wonderful home that has been likened to a fairy palace. Scott was a pioneer of the Scottish Baronial style of architecture, therefore Abbotsford is festooned with turrets and stepped gabling. Through windows enriched with the insignia of heraldry the sun shone on suits of armour, trophies of the chase, a library of more than 9,000 volumes, fine furniture, and still finer pictures. Panelling of oak and cedar and carved ceilings relieved by coats of arms in their correct colours added to the beauty of the house.[34][verification needed]
It is estimated that the building cost Scott more than £25,000 (equivalent to £1,900,000 in 2015). More land was purchased until Scott owned nearly 1,000 acres (4.0 km2). A Roman road with a ford near Melrose used in olden days by the abbots of Melrose suggested the name of Abbotsford. Scott was buried in Dryburgh Abbey, where his wife had earlier been interred. Nearby is a large statue of William Wallace, one of Scotland's many romanticised historical figures.[35] Abbotsford later gave its name to the Abbotsford Club, founded in 1834 in memory of Sir Walter Scott.[36]
Legacy[edit]


Part of the Politics series on


Toryism







Characteristics


Monarchism
Traditionalism
High Church Anglicanism
Traditional Catholicism
Loyalism
Royalism
Interventionism
Agrarianism/Self-sufficiency
Counterrevolution
Classicism
High culture
Noblesse oblige
Organic unity
Unionism








General topics


Cavaliers
Cavalier Parliament
Château Clique
Jacobitism
Divine right of kings
Corporatism
Family Compact (Canada)
Oxford Movement
Powellism








People


Robert Filmer
1st Earl of Clarendon
Roger L'Estrange
1st Earl of Rochester
1st Viscount Bolingbroke
3rd Earl of Bute
1st Duke of Wellington
Walter Scott
Stanley Baldwin
G. K. Chesterton
Winston Churchill
Enoch Powell
George Grant








Related topics


Conservatism
Distributists
Miguelism
Vendéens
Chouans
Legitimism
Carlism
Sanfedismo
Viva Maria
Cristeros
Reactionary
High Tory
Red Tory
Loyalist
Royalist
Veronese Easter
Tory corporatism
Tory socialism
Pink Tory
Ultra-Tories









v
t
e





Later assessment[edit]







Although he continued to be extremely popular and widely read, both at home and abroad,[37] Scott's critical reputation declined in the last half of the 19th century as serious writers turned from romanticism to realism, and Scott began to be regarded as an author suitable for children. This trend accelerated in the 20th century. For example, in his classic study Aspects of the Novel (1927), E. M. Forster harshly criticized Scott's clumsy and slapdash writing style, "flat" characters, and thin plots. In contrast, the novels of Scott's contemporary Jane Austen, once appreciated only by the discerning few (including, as it happened, Sir Walter Scott himself) rose steadily in critical esteem, though Austen, as a female writer, was still faulted for her narrow ("feminine") choice of subject matter, which, unlike Scott, avoided the grand historical themes traditionally viewed as masculine.
Nevertheless, Scott's importance as an innovator continued to be recognized. He was acclaimed as the inventor of the genre of the modern historical novel (which others trace to Jane Porter, whose work in the genre predates Scott's) and the inspiration for enormous numbers of imitators and genre writers both in Britain and on the European continent. In the cultural sphere, Scott's Waverley novels played a significant part in the movement (begun with James Macpherson's Ossian cycle) in rehabilitating the public perception of the Scottish Highlands and its culture, which had been formally suppressed as barbaric, and viewed in the southern mind as a breeding ground of hill bandits, religious fanaticism, and Jacobite rebellions. Scott served as chairman of the Royal Society of Edinburgh and was also a member of the Royal Celtic Society. His own contribution to the reinvention of Scottish culture was enormous, even though his re-creations of the customs of the Highlands were fanciful at times, despite his extensive travels around his native country. It is a testament to Scott's contribution in creating a unified identity for Scotland that Edinburgh's central railway station, opened in 1854 by the North British Railway, is called Waverley. The fact that Scott was a Lowland Presbyterian, rather than a Gaelic-speaking Catholic Highlander, made him more acceptable to a conservative English reading public. Scott's novels were certainly influential in the making of the Victorian craze for all things Scottish among British royalty, who were anxious to claim legitimacy through their rather attenuated historical connection with the royal house of Stuart.[citation needed]
At the time Scott wrote, Scotland was poised to move away from an era of socially divisive clan warfare to a modern world of literacy and industrial capitalism. Through the medium of Scott's novels, the violent religious and political conflicts of the country's recent past could be seen as belonging to history—which Scott defined, as the subtitle of Waverley ("'Tis Sixty Years Since") indicates, as something that happened at least 60 years ago. Scott's advocacy of objectivity and moderation and his strong repudiation of political violence on either side also had a strong, though unspoken, contemporary resonance in an era when many conservative English speakers lived in mortal fear of a revolution in the French style on British soil. Scott's orchestration of King George IV's visit to Scotland, in 1822, was a pivotal event intended to inspire a view of his home country that, in his view, accentuated the positive aspects of the past while allowing the age of quasi-medieval blood-letting to be put to rest, while envisioning a more useful, peaceful future.
After Scott's work had been essentially unstudied for many decades, a revival of critical interest began from the 1960s. Postmodern tastes favoured discontinuous narratives and the introduction of the "first person", yet they were more favourable to Scott's work than Modernist tastes. While F. R. Leavis had disdained Scott, seeing him as a thoroughly bad novelist and a thoroughly bad influence (The Great Tradition [1948]), György Lukács (The Historical Novel [1937, trans. 1962]) and David Daiches (Scott's Achievement as a Novelist [1951]) offered a Marxian political reading of Scott's fiction that generated a great deal of genuine interest in his work. Scott is now seen as an important innovator and a key figure in the development of Scottish and world literature, and particularly as the inventor of the historical novel.[38]
Memorials and commemoration[edit]




The Scott Monument on Edinburgh's Princes Street






Statue by Sir John Steell on the Scott Monument in Edinburgh






Scott Monument in Glasgow's George Square






Statue on the Glasgow monument


During his lifetime, Scott's portrait was painted by Sir Edwin Landseer and fellow-Scots Sir Henry Raeburn and James Eckford Lauder. In Edinburgh, the 61.1-metre-tall Victorian Gothic spire of the Scott Monument was designed by George Meikle Kemp. It was completed in 1844, 12 years after Scott's death, and dominates the south side of Princes Street. Scott is also commemorated on a stone slab in Makars' Court, outside The Writers' Museum, Lawnmarket, Edinburgh, along with other prominent Scottish writers; quotes from his work are also visible on the Canongate Wall of the Scottish Parliament building in Holyrood. There is a tower dedicated to his memory on Corstorphine Hill in the west of the city and, as mentioned, Edinburgh's Waverley railway station takes its name from one of his novels.
In Glasgow, Walter Scott's Monument dominates the centre of George Square, the main public square in the city. Designed by David Rhind in 1838, the monument features a large column topped by a statue of Scott.[39] There is a statue of Scott in New York City's Central Park.[40]
Numerous Masonic Lodges have been named after him and his novels. For example: Lodge Sir Walter Scott, No.859, (Perth, Australia) and Lodge Waverly, No.597, (Edinburgh, Scotland).[41]
The annual Walter Scott Prize for Historical Fiction was created in 2010 by the Duke and Duchess of Buccleuch, whose ancestors were closely linked to Sir Walter Scott. At £25,000 it is one of the largest prizes in British literature. The award has been presented at Scott's historic home, Abbotsford House.
Scott has been credited with rescuing the Scottish banknote. In 1826, there was outrage in Scotland at the attempt of Parliament to prevent the production of banknotes of less than five pounds. Scott wrote a series of letters to the Edinburgh Weekly Journal under the pseudonym "Malachi Malagrowther" for retaining the right of Scottish banks to issue their own banknotes. This provoked such a response that the Government was forced to relent and allow the Scottish banks to continue printing pound notes. This campaign is commemorated by his continued appearance on the front of all notes issued by the Bank of Scotland. The image on the 2007 series of banknotes is based on the portrait by Henry Raeburn.[42]
During and immediately after World War I there was a movement spearheaded by President Wilson and other eminent people to inculcate patriotism in American school children, especially immigrants, and to stress the American connection with the literature and institutions of the "mother country" of Great Britain, using selected readings in middle school textbooks.[43] Scott's Ivanhoe continued to be required reading for many American high school students until the end of the 1950s.
A bust of Scott is in the Hall of Heroes of the National Wallace Monument in Stirling.
Literature by other authors[edit]
In Charles Baudelaire's La Fanfarlo (1847), poet Samuel Cramer says of Scott:

Oh that tedious author, a dusty exhumer of chronicles! A fastidious mass of descriptions of bric-a-brac ... and castoff things of every sort, armor, tableware, furniture, gothic inns, and melodramatic castles where lifeless mannequins stalk about, dressed in leotards.

In the novella, however, Cramer proves as deluded a romantic as any hero in one of Scott's novels.[44]
In Anne Brontë's The Tenant of Wildfell Hall (1848) the narrator, Gilbert Markham, brings an elegantly bound copy of Marmion as a present to the independent "tenant of Wildfell Hall" (Helen Graham) whom he is courting, and is mortified when she insists on paying for it.
In a speech delivered at Salem, Massachusetts, on 6 January 1860, to raise money for the families of the executed abolitionist John Brown and his followers, Ralph Waldo Emerson calls Brown an example of true chivalry, which consists not in noble birth but in helping the weak and defenseless and declares that "Walter Scott would have delighted to draw his picture and trace his adventurous career".[45]
In his 1870 memoir, Army Life in a Black Regiment, New England abolitionist Thomas Wentworth Higginson (later editor of Emily Dickinson), described how he wrote down and preserved Negro spirituals or "shouts" while serving as a colonel in the First South Carolina Volunteers, the first authorized Union Army regiment recruited from freedmen during the Civil War (memorialized in the 1989 film Glory). He wrote that he was "a faithful student of the Scottish ballads, and had always envied Sir Walter the delight of tracing them out amid their own heather, and of writing them down piecemeal from the lips of aged crones".
According to his daughter Eleanor, Scott was "an author to whom Karl Marx again and again returned, whom he admired and knew as well as he did Balzac and Fielding".[46]
In his 1883 Life on the Mississippi, Mark Twain satirized the impact of Scott's writings, declaring (with humorous hyperbole) that Scott "had so large a hand in making Southern character, as it existed before the [American Civil] war", that he is "in great measure responsible for the war".[47] He goes on to coin the term "Sir Walter Scott disease", which he blames for the South's lack of advancement. Twain also targeted Scott in Adventures of Huckleberry Finn, where he names a sinking boat the "Walter Scott" (1884); and, in A Connecticut Yankee in King Arthur's Court (1889), the main character repeatedly utters "great Scott" as an oath; by the end of the book, however, he has become absorbed in the world of knights in armor, reflecting Twain's ambivalence on the topic.
The idyllic Cape Cod retreat of suffragists Verena Tarrant and Olive Chancellor in Henry James' The Bostonians (1886) is called Marmion, evoking what James considered the Quixotic idealism of these social reformers.
In To the Lighthouse by Virginia Woolf, Mrs. Ramsey glances at her husband:

He was reading something that moved him very much ... He was tossing the pages over. He was acting it – perhaps he was thinking himself the person in the book. She wondered what book it was. Oh, it was one of old Sir Walter’s she saw, adjusting the shade of her lamp so that the light fell on her knitting. For Charles Tansley had been saying (she looked up as if she expected to hear the crash of books on the floor above) that people don’t read Scott any more. Then her husband thought, “That’s what they’ll say of me;” so he went and got one of those books ... [Scott's] feeling for straight forward simple things, these fishermen, the poor old crazed creature in Mucklebackit’s cottage [in The Antiquary] made him feel so vigorous, so relieved of something that he felt roused and triumphant and could not choke back his tears ... It fortified him. He clean forgot all the little rubs and digs of the evening ... and his being so irritable with his wife and so touchy and minding when they passed his books over as if they didn’t exist at all. Raising the book a little to hide his face, he let them fall and shook his head from side to side and forgot himself completely (but not one or two reflections about morality and French novels and English novels and Scott’s hands being tied but his view perhaps being as true as the other view), forgot his own bothers and failures completely in poor Steenie’s drowning and Mucklebackit’s sorrow (that was Scott at his best) and the astonishing delight and feeling of vigor that it gave him. Well, let them improve upon that, he thought as he finished the chapter ... The whole of life did not consist in going to bed with a woman, he thought, returning to Scott and Balzac, to the English novel and the French novel.

In 1951, science-fiction author Isaac Asimov wrote Breeds There a Man...?, a short story with a title alluding vividly to Scott's The Lay of the Last Minstrel (1805).
In To Kill a Mockingbird (1960), the protagonist's brother is made to read Walter Scott's book Ivanhoe to the ailing Mrs. Henry Lafayette Dubose, and he refers to the author as "Sir Walter Scout", in reference to his own sister's nickname.
In Mother Night (1961) by Kurt Vonnegut, Jr., memoirist and playwright Howard W. Campbell, Jr., prefaces his text with the six lines beginning "Breathes there the man..."
In Knights of the Sea (2010) by Canadian author Paul Marlowe, there are several quotes from and references to Marmion, as well as an inn named after Ivanhoe, and a fictitious Scott novel entitled The Beastmen of Glen Glammoch.
Bibliography[edit]




Sir Walter Scott by Robert Scott Moncrieff.


Novels[edit]
The Waverley Novels is the title given to the long series of Scott novels released from 1814 to 1832 which takes its name from the first novel, Waverley. The following is a chronological list of the entire series:

1814: Waverley
1815: Guy Mannering
1816: The Antiquary
1816: The Black Dwarf and The Tale of Old Mortality – the 1st installment from the subset series, Tales of My Landlord
1817: Rob Roy
1818: The Heart of Midlothian – the 2nd installment from the subset series, Tales of My Landlord
1819: The Bride of Lammermoor and A Legend of Montrose – the 3rd installment from the subset series, Tales of My Landlord
1820: Ivanhoe
1820: The Monastery and The Abbot – from the subset series, Tales from Benedictine Sources
1821: Kenilworth
1822: The Pirate
1822: The Fortunes of Nigel
1822: Peveril of the Peak
1823: Quentin Durward
1824: St. Ronan's Well
1824: Redgauntlet
1825: The Betrothed and The Talisman – from the subset series, Tales of the Crusaders
1826: Woodstock
1828: The Fair Maid of Perth – the 2nd installment from the subset series, Chronicles of the Canongate (sometimes not considered as part of the Waverley Novels series)
1829: Anne of Geierstein
1832: Count Robert of Paris and Castle Dangerous – the 4th installment from the subset series, Tales of My Landlord

Other novels:

1831–1832: The Siege of Malta – a finished novel published posthumously in 2008
1832: Bizarro – an unfinished novel (or novella) published posthumously in 2008

Poetry[edit]
Many of the short poems or songs released by Scott were originally not separate pieces but parts of longer poems interspersed throughout his novels, tales, and dramas.

1796: "The Chase" – an English-language translation of the German-language poem by Gottfried August Bürger entitled "Der Wilde Jäger" (or, "The Wild Huntsmen", its more common English translation), first of the translations and imitations from German ballads by Scott
1802–1803: "The Minstrelsy of the Scottish Border"
1805: "The Lay of the Last Minstrel"
1806: "Ballads and Lyrical Pieces"
1808: "Marmion"
1810: "The Lady of the Lake"
1811: "The Vision of Don Roderick"
1813: "The Bridal of Triermain"
1813: "Rokeby"
1815: "The Field of Waterloo"
1815: "The Lord of the Isles"
1817: "Harold the Dauntless"

Short stories[edit]

1827: "The Highland Widow", "The Two Drovers", and "The Surgeon's Daughter" – the 1st installment from the series, Chronicles of the Canongate
1828: "My Aunt Margaret's Mirror", "The Tapestried Chamber", and "Death of the Laird's Jock" – from the series, The Keepsake Stories

Plays[edit]

1799: Goetz of Berlichingen, with the Iron Hand: A Tragedy – an English-language translation of the 1773 German-language play by Johann Wolfgang von Goethe entitled Götz von Berlichingen
1822: Halidon Hill
1823: MacDuff's Cross
1830: The Doom of Devorgoil
1830: Auchindrane

Non-fiction[edit]

1796 Translations & imitations of German Ballads Librivox audio
1814–1817: The Border Antiquities of England and Scotland – a work co-authored by Luke Clennell and John Greig with Scott's contribution consisting of the substantial introductory essay, originally published in 2 volumes from 1814 to 1817
1815–1824: Essays on Chivalry, Romance, and Drama – a supplement to the 1815–1824 editions of the Encyclopædia Britannica
1816: Paul's Letters to his Kinsfolk
1819–1826: Provincial Antiquities of Scotland
1821–1824: Lives of the Novelists
1825–1832: The Journal of Sir Walter Scott
1826: The Letters of Malachi Malagrowther
1827: The Life of Napoleon Buonaparte
1828: Religious Discourses
1828: Tales of a Grandfather; Being Stories Taken from Scottish History – the 1st installment from the series, Tales of a Grandfather
1829: The History of Scotland: Volume I
1829: Tales of a Grandfather; Being Stories Taken from Scottish History – the 2nd installment from the series, Tales of a Grandfather
1830: Essays on Ballad Poetry
1830: The History of Scotland: Volume II
1830: Tales of a Grandfather; Being Stories Taken from Scottish History – the 3rd installment from the series, Tales of a Grandfather
1830: Letters on Demonology and Witchcraft
1831: Tales of a Grandfather; Being Stories Taken from the History of France – the 4th installment from the series, Tales of a Grandfather

See also[edit]



Wikiquote has quotations related to: Walter Scott





Wikisource has original works written by or about:
Walter Scott




Poetry portal



Operas inspired by Walter Scott
Jedediah Cleishbotham (fictional editor of Tales of My Landlord, and Scott's alter ego)
G. A. Henty
Alessandro Manzoni
Alexandre Dumas, père
Karl May
Baroness Orczy
Rafael Sabatini
Emilio Salgari
Samuel Shellabarger
Lawrence Schoonover
Jules Verne
Frank Yerby
GWR Waverley Class steam locomotives
"Famous Scots Series"
Principal Clerk of Session and Justiciary
Writers' Museum

References[edit]


^ "Family Background". Retrieved 2011-04-09. 
^ a b c d e Edinburgh University Library (22 October 2004). "Homes of Sir Walter Scott". x Edinburgh University Library. Retrieved 9 July 2013. 
^ Cone, T E (1973). "Was Sir Walter Scott's Lameness Caused by Poliomyelitis?". Pediatrics. 51 (1): 33. 
^ Robertson, Fiona. "Disfigurement and Disability: Walter Scott’s Bodies". Otranto.co.uk. Retrieved 9 May 2014. 
^ a b "Sandyknowe and Early Childhood". Retrieved 2011-04-09. 
^ "No 1 Nos 2 and 3 (Farrell's Hotel) Nos 4 to 8 (consec) (Pratt's Hotel)". Images of England. English Heritage. Retrieved 29 July 2009. 
^ a b "School and University". Walterscott.lib.ed.ac.uk. 24 October 2003. Retrieved 29 November 2009. 
^ "Literary Beginnings". Walterscott.lib.ed.ac.uk. 11 December 2007. Retrieved 29 November 2009. 
^ Walter, Sir Walter (2012). The Lady of the Lake. Lititz, PA: AP Publishing House. p. 308. ISBN 9781105941573. Retrieved 22 November 2016. 
^ BBC profile
^ Leslie C. R. Letter to Miss C Leslie dated 26 June 1820 in Autobiographical recollections ed. Tom Taylor, Ticknor & Fields, Boston 1855
^ 1st Lothians and Border Yeomanry
^ http://www.walterscott.lib.ed.ac.uk/biography/chronology.html
^ Edinburgh Archive – Family
^ Cooper, Robert L D, Ed. 2010. Famous Scottish Freemasons, pp 58–59. ISBN 978-0-9560933-8-7
^ Edinburgh Archive – Ballantyne Brothers
^ The early editions of Marmion use Scott's original spelling of "practice" (still used in the U.S.A). Later editions, compiled without Scott's oversight, usually favour the modern standard British English spelling of "practise".
^ Hay, James (1899). Sir Walter Scott. London. p. 258. ISBN 978-1278170947. Retrieved 22 November 2016. 
^ http://www.walterscott.lib.ed.ac.uk/biography/poet.html
^ "Scott the Poet". Walterscott.lib.ed.ac.uk. 11 December 2007. Retrieved 29 November 2009. 
^ See Old Mortality on the University of Edinburgh Walter Scott website.
^ See Amy Witherbee, in "Habeas Corpus: British Imaginations of Power in Walter Scott's Old Mortality", New Literary History 39 (2008): 355–67, writes:

By the 1670s, conﬂicts between religious dissidents and the Stuart Crown had given way to a Crown policy of seizing and imprisoning opponents without recourse to the courts. In 1679, this policy of using extrajudicial imprisonments to quell rebellion ﬁnally provoked the English Parliament to pass the Act of Habeas Corpus in England. Usually translated as “produce the body,” habeas corpus could be invoked by any subject to require that the king or his agents produce the body of a prisoner for adjudication before the courts. In its barest terms the Great Writ protected a subject from indeﬁnite terms of imprisonment, from imprisonment outside the kingdom, or from imprisonment without cause. It did so by asserting the jurisdiction of the courts as superior to the executive powers of the king. The Act was thus part of a long debate within the three kingdoms about the relationship of king to law and vice versa.


^ Witherbee (2008), pp. 363–64. Habeas corpus had been suspended in the mid-1790s at the time of the French Revolution by William Pitt, who had called the French declaration of human rights "monstrous". Widely publicised trials for sedition took place in Edinburgh (1793) and in London (1794) John Thelwall and two others were charged with treason. The Scottish defendants received harsh sentences whereas the English ones were acquitted. According to historian Anne Stott: "The difference between the English and Scottish trials reflects the different legal systems. Ironically, the acquittals made the loyalist case—that England was a country where a man could have a fair trial."
^ a b "Chronology of Walter Scott's life". Walter Scott Digital Archive. Retrieved 2 May 2015. 
^ "The Abbot". Walter Scott Digital Archive. Retrieved 2 May 2015. Scott had travelled to London in March [1820] to receive his baronetcy 
^ a b "Walter Scott Digital Archive – Chronology". Walterscott.lib.ed.ac.uk. 13 Oct 2008. Retrieved 29 Nov 2009. 
^ Stuart Kelly quoted by Arnold Zwicky in The Book of Lost Books
^ a b McKinstry, Sam; Fletcher, Marie (2002). "The Personal Account Books of Sir Walter Scott". The Accounting Historians Journal. 29: 59–89. JSTOR 40698269.  (subscription required)
^ London Medical and Surgical Journal, January 1833
^ Edinburgh Profile, Financial Hardship
^ Monuments and monumental inscriptions in Scotland: The Grampian Society, 1871
^ BIOGRAPHICAL INDEX OF FORMER FELLOWS OF THE ROYAL SOCIETY OF EDINBURGH 1783 – 2002 (PDF). The Royal Society of Edinburgh. July 2006. ISBN 0 902 198 84 X. 
^ Lockhart, John Gibson (1837). Memoirs of the Life of Sir Walter Scott, Bart. Philadelphia. p. 1.397. Retrieved 7 November 2016. 
^ Abbotsford House website.
^ Scott, Sir Walter; Grant, George (2001). From Bannockburn to Flodden: Wallace, Bruce, and the Heroes of Medieval Scotland. Nashville: Cumberland. p. viii. ISBN 978-1581821277. 
^ The Oxford Companion to English Literature, 6th Edition. Edited by Margaret Drabble, Oxford University Press, 2000 Pp1
^ "…it would be difficult to name, from among both modern and ancient works, many read more widely and with greater pleasure than the historical novels of … Walter Scott." – Alessandro Manzoni, On the Historical Novel.
^ Higgins, Charlotte (16 August 2010). "Scotland's image-maker Sir Walter Scott 'invented English legends'". The Guardian. London. Retrieved 2011-04-09. 
^ "Glasgow, George Square, Walter Scott's Monument". Retrieved 2011-04-09. 
^ New York monument
^ Grand Lodge of Scotland Year Book. 2014. pp 25 & 34. ISBN 0902324-86-1
^ Scottish Banks
^ For example, see the textbook compiled by Emma Serl and William J. Pelo, American Ideals: Selected Patriotic Readings for Seventh and Eighth Grades, introduction by Charles W. Eliot, President Emeritus of Harvard (Gregg Publishing, 1919).
^ See Francis S. Heck, “Baudelaire's La Fanfarlo: An Example of Romantic Irony”, The French Review 49: 3 (1976): 328–36.
^ Kenneth S. Sacks, editor, Emerson: Political Writings (Cambridge Texts in the History of Political Thought) (Cambridge University Press, 2008), p, 193.
^ S.S. Prawer, Karl Marx and World Literature, Oxford, 1976, p.386.
^ Twain, Mark. "Life on the Mississippi", Chapter 46


Further reading[edit]

Bautz, Annika. Reception of Jane Austen and Walter Scott: A Comparative Longitudinal Study. Continuum, 2007. ISBN 0-8264-9546-X, ISBN 978-0-8264-9546-4.
Brown, David. Walter Scott and the Historical Imagination. Routledge, 1979, ISBN 0-7100-0301-3; Kindle ed. 2013.
Buchan, John. Sir Walter Scott, Coward-McCann Inc., New York, 1932.
Cornish, Sidney W. The "Waverley" Manual; or, Handbook of the Chief Characters, Incidents, and Descriptions in the "Waverley" Novels, with Critical Breviates from Various Sources. Edinburgh: A. and C. Black, 1871.
Duncan, Ian. Scott's Shadow: The Novel in Romantic Edinburgh. Princeton UP, 2007. ISBN 978-0-691-04383-8.
Kelly, Stuart. Scott-Land: The Man Who Invented a Nation. Polygon, 2010. ISBN 978-1-84697-107-5.
Lincoln, Andrew. Walter Scott And Modernity. Edinburgh UP, 2007.
Stephen, Leslie (1898). "The Story of Scott's Ruin". Studies of a Biographer. 2. London: Duckworth & Co. 
Letitia Elizabeth Landon The Female Portrait Gallery. A series of 22 analyses of Scott's female characters (sadly curtailed by Letitia's untimely death in 1838). Laman Blanchard: Life and Literary Remains of L.E.L., 1841. Vol. 2. pp. 81–194.

External links[edit]


Library resources about
Walter Scott





Resources in your library
Resources in other libraries





Find more aboutWalter Scottat Wikipedia's sister projects

Media from Commons
Quotations from Wikiquote
Texts from Wikisource
Data from Wikidata



Sir Walter Scott and Hinx, his Cat
Walter Scott Digital Archive at the University of Edinburgh.
The Edinburgh Sir Walter Scott Club
Sir Walter Scott, biography by Richard H. Hutton, 1878 (from Project Gutenberg)
Works by Walter Scott at Project Gutenberg
Works by or about Walter Scott at Internet Archive
Works by Walter Scott at LibriVox (public domain audiobooks) 
Works by Walter Scott at The Online Books Page
 Chisholm, Hugh, ed. (1911). "Scott, Sir Walter". Encyclopædia Britannica (11th ed.). Cambridge University Press. 
Walter Scott's profile and catalogue of his library at Abbotsford on LibraryThing.
Guardian Books - Sir Walter Scott
Portraits at the National Portrait Gallery
Bust of Walter Scott by Sir Francis Leggatt Chantrey, 1828, white marble, Philadelphia Museum of Art, # 2002.222.1, Philadelphia (PA).
Millgate Union Catalogue of Walter Scott Correspondence
Correspondence of Sir Walter Scott, with related papers, ca. 1807–1929


Arms of Sir Walter Scott




Crest
A nymph, in her dexter hand a sun in splendour, in her sinister a crescent (moon)
Escutcheon
Quarterly; 1st & 4th or two mullets in chief and a crescent in base azure within an orle azure (Scott); 2nd & 3rd or on a bend azure three mascles or, in sinister chief point a buckle or (Haliburton); escutcheon of the Hand of Ulster
Supporters
Dexter a mermaid holding in the exterior hand a mirror proper; Sinister a savage wreathed around the head and middle, holding in the exterior hand a club
Motto
(above) Reparabit cornua phoebe - the moon shall fill her horns again
(below) Watch weel






Baronetage of the United Kingdom


New title
Baronet(of Abbotsford)
1st creation
1820–1832
Next:
Sir Walter Scott








v
t
e


Works by Walter Scott



Novels



Waverley (1814)
Guy Mannering (1815)
The Antiquary (1816)
The Black Dwarf (1816)
Old Mortality (1816)
Rob Roy (1817)
The Heart of Midlothian (1818)
The Bride of Lammermoor (1819)
A Legend of Montrose (1819)
Ivanhoe (1819)
The Monastery (1820)
The Abbot (1820)
Kenilworth (1821)
The Pirate (1821)
The Fortunes of Nigel (1822)
Peveril of the Peak (1823)
Quentin Durward (1823)
St. Ronan's Well (1823)
Redgauntlet (1824)
The Betrothed (1825)
The Talisman (1825)
Woodstock (1826)
The Fair Maid of Perth (1828)
Anne of Geierstein (1829)
Count Robert of Paris (1831)
Castle Dangerous (1831)
The Siege of Malta (1831-1832, pub. posthumously 2008)
Bizarro (1832, pub. posthumously 2008)





Poetry



Translations and Imitations from German Ballads (1796-1819)
"Glenfinlas" (1800)
The Minstrelsy of the Scottish Border (1802-1803)
The Lay of the Last Minstrel (1805)
Ballads and Lyrical Pieces (1806)
Marmion (1808)
The Lady of the Lake (1810)
The Vision of Don Roderick (1811)
The Bridal of Triermain (1813)
Rokeby (1813)
The Field of Waterloo (1815)
The Lord of the Isles (1815)
Harold the Dauntless (1817)





Short stories



Chronicles of the Canongate, 1st series (1827)
The Keepsake Stories (1828)





Plays



Halidon Hill (1822)
MacDuff's Cross (1823)
The Doom of Devorgoil (1830)
Auchindrane, or, The Ayrshire Tragedy (1830)





Non-fiction



The Journal (1825-1832)
Tales of a Grandfather (1828-1831)





People



James Ballantyne
Lord Byron
James Hogg
William Laidlaw
John Gibson Lockhart
Robert Southey
William Wordsworth





Characters



Jedediah Cleishbotham
Jeanie Deans
Dryasdust
Lord Glenallan
Saunders Mucklebackit
Edie Ochiltree
Jonathan Oldbuck
Dominie Sampson
Sir Arthur Wardour





Related



Abbotsford House
Dandie Dinmont Terrier
"Hail to the Chief"
Kennaquhair
Scott Monument
Scott's View
Sir Walter Scott Way
Walter Scott Prize
Writers' Museum












v
t
e


Walter Scott's Ivanhoe



Opera



Ivanhoé
Der Templer und die Jüdin
Il templario
Ivanhoe





Films



Ivanhoe (1913 British)
Ivanhoe (1913 American)
Ivanhoe (1952)
Ivanhoe (1982)
The Ballad of the Valiant Knight Ivanhoe (1983)





Television



Ivanhoe (1958)
Ivanhoe (1970)
Young Ivanhoe (1995)
Ivanhoe (1997)





Related



The Betrothed
Ravenskull












v
t
e


Romanticism



Countries



Denmark
England (literature)
France (literature)
Germany
Norway
Poland
Russia (literature)
Scotland





Movements



Bohemianism
Counter-Enlightenment
Dark romanticism
Düsseldorf School
Gesamtkunstwerk
Gothic fiction
Gothic Revival (architecture)
Hudson River School
Indianism
Nazarene movement
Ossian
Romantic hero
Romanticism in science
Romantic nationalism
Opium and Romanticism
Transcendentalism
Ultra-Romanticism
Wallenrodism





Writers



Abovian
Alencar
Alfieri
Andersen
A. v. Arnim
B. v. Arnim
Azevedo
Baratashvili
Baratynsky
Barbauld (Aikin)
Batyushkov
Baudelaire
Beer
Bertrand
Blake
Botev
Brentano
Bryant
Burns
Byron
Castelo Branco
Castilho
Cazotte
Chateaubriand
Chavchavadze
Clare
Coleridge
Cooper
De Quincey
Dias
Dumas
Eichendorff
Emerson
Eminescu
Espronceda
Fouqué
Foscolo
Garrett
Gautier
Goethe
Grimm Brothers
Gutzkow
Hauff
Hawthorne
Heine
Heliade
Herculano
Hoffmann
Hölderlin
Hugo
Ilić
Irving
Jakšić
Jean Paul
Karamzin
Keats
Kleist
Krasiński
Lamartine
Larra
Leopardi
Lermontov
Lowell
Macedonski
Mácha
Magalhães
Malczewski
Manzoni
Maturin
Mickiewicz
Musset
Nalbandian
Nerval
Nodier
Norwid
Novalis
Oehlenschläger
Orbeliani
Poe
Polidori
Potocki
Prešeren
Pushkin
Raffi
Schiller
Schwab
Scott
Seward
M. Shelley
P. B. Shelley
Shevchenko
Słowacki
De Staël
Stendhal
Tieck
Tyutchev
Uhland
Vörösmarty
Vyazemsky
Wordsworth
Zhukovsky
Zorrilla





Music



Adam
Alkan
Auber
Beethoven
Bellini
Bennett
Berlioz
Bertin
Berwald
Brahms
Bruckner
Chopin
Dargomyzhsky
Félicien David
Ferdinand David
Donizetti
Fauré
Field
Franck
Franz
Glinka
Gomis
Halévy
Kalkbrenner
Liszt
Loewe
Marschner
Masarnau
Méhul
Fanny Mendelssohn
Felix Mendelssohn
Méreaux
Meyerbeer
Moniuszko
Moscheles
Mussorgsky
Niedermeyer
Onslow
Paganini
Prudent
Reicha
Rimsky-Korsakov
Rossini
Rubinstein
Schubert
Clara Schumann
Robert Schumann
Smetana
Sor
Spohr
Spontini
Thalberg
Verdi
Voříšek
Wagner
Weber






Theologians and
philosophers




Chaadayev
Coleridge
Feuerbach
Fichte
Goethe
Hegel
Khomyakov
Müller
Ritschl
Rousseau
Schiller
A. Schlegel
F. Schlegel
Schopenhauer
Schleiermacher
Tieck
Wackenroder





Visual artists



Aivazovsky
Bierstadt
Blake
Bonington
Bryullov
Chassériau
Church
Constable
Cole
Corot
Dahl
David d'Angers
Delacroix
Friedrich
Fuseli
Géricault
Girodet
Głowacki
Goya
Gude
Hayez
Janmot
Jones
Kiprensky
Koch
Lampi
Leutze
Loutherbourg
Maison
Martin
Michałowski
Palmer
Porto-Alegre
Préault
Révoil
Richard
Rude
Runge
Saleh
Scheffer
Stattler
Stroj
Tidemand
Tropinin
Turner
Veit
Ward
Wiertz







 « Age of Enlightenment
Realism » 








Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 95207079
LCCN: n78095541
ISNI: 0000 0001 2144 1874
GND: 118612409
SELIBR: 211278
SUDOC: 027129489
BNF: cb11924221r (data)
BIBSYS: 90058655
ULAN: 500069589
MusicBrainz: 627f5ca8-c745-4e1c-a646-facdfe1cabdf
NLA: 35486165
NDL: 00455918
NKC: jn19990007395
ICCU: IT\ICCU\CFIV\006674
RLS: 000081966
BNE: XX913959
RKD: 254119










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Walter_Scott&oldid=790381674"					
Categories: Walter Scott1771 births1832 deaths18th-century Scottish poets19th-century antiquarians19th-century biographers19th-century judges19th-century Scottish lawyers19th-century Scottish novelists19th-century Scottish poetsAlumni of the University of EdinburghBaronets in the Baronetage of the United KingdomBritish literary editorsBritish medievalistsClan ScottElders of the Church of ScotlandFellows of the Royal Society of EdinburghHistorians of ScotlandLiterary critics of EnglishMembers of The ClubMembers of the Faculty of AdvocatesMembers of the Royal Company of ArchersPeople educated at Kelso High SchoolPeople educated at the Royal High School, EdinburghWriters from EdinburghPeople of the Scottish EnlightenmentPresidents of the Royal Society of EdinburghPrincipal Clerks of Session and JusticiaryRomantic poetsScott family of AbbotsfordScottish biographersScottish diaristsScottish folkloristsScottish FreemasonsScottish historical novelistsScottish literary criticsScottish sheriffsScottish people with disabilitiesScottish publishers (people)Scottish song collectorsScottish translatorsWriters of Arthurian literatureWriters of historical fiction set in the Middle AgesWriters of historical novels set in Early Modern periodHidden categories: Pages containing links to subscription-only contentWikipedia introduction cleanup from February 2017All pages needing cleanupArticles covered by WikiProject Wikify from February 2017All articles covered by WikiProject WikifyPages using Infobox writer with unknown parametersAll pages needing factual verificationWikipedia articles needing factual verification from July 2013All articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from September 2016Articles with Project Gutenberg linksArticles with Internet Archive linksArticles with LibriVox linksWikipedia articles incorporating a citation from the 1911 Encyclopaedia Britannica with Wikisource referenceUse British English from December 2014Use dmy dates from March 2016AC with 17 elementsWikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with LCCN identifiersWikipedia articles with ISNI identifiersWikipedia articles with GND identifiersWikipedia articles with SELIBR identifiersWikipedia articles with BNF identifiersWikipedia articles with BIBSYS identifiersWikipedia articles with ULAN identifiersWikipedia articles with MusicBrainz identifiersWikipedia articles with NLA identifiersWikipedia articles with SBN identifiersWikipedia articles with RKDartists identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia CommonsWikiquoteWikisource 



Languages


AfrikaansAlemannischالعربيةAsturianuAzərbaycancaবাংলাБеларускаяБеларуская (тарашкевіца)‎БългарскиBosanskiBrezhonegCatalàČeštinaCymraegDanskDeutschEestiΕλληνικάEspañolEsperantoEuskaraفارسیFrançaisFryskGaeilgeGàidhligGalego한국어Հայերենहिन्दीHrvatskiIdoBahasa IndonesiaInterlinguaÍslenskaItalianoעבריתBasa JawaქართულიҚазақшаКырык марыLatinaLatviešuLietuviųMagyarमैथिलीМакедонскиMalagasyमराठीМонголမြန်မာဘာသာNederlandsनेपाली日本語Norsk bokmålਪੰਜਾਬੀPiemontèisPolskiPortuguêsRomânăРусскийScotsSimple EnglishSlovenčinaSlovenščinaСрпски / srpskiSrpskohrvatski / српскохрватскиSuomiSvenskaTagalogТатарча/tatarçaTürkçeУкраїнськаTiếng Việt中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 13 July 2017, at 11:33.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 

















Walter & Scotty - My Brother's Keeper CD Album




















































 
















»
 Search 


Everything
Artist
Title
Song
SoundTrack
Label
---CLASSICAL---
Composer
Title
Conductor
Performer
Ensemble
Work









Existing Customer?Sign In












All

MP3 Downloads

Classical

Vinyl LP

Turn Pop-up Images Off



















Walter & Scotty - My Brother's Keeper CD
More by Walter & Scotty



CD For Sale Backorder Add to WishList


 
Email Me When AvailableCD Universe will email you only once and only regarding the availability of this item. See our policy statement.














 My Brother's Keeper songs Product Information


CategoryR&B Albums



 My Brother's Keeper album for sale Related Items


<


Bruno Mars
24K Magic

 
$18.69






Earth, Wind & Fire
Greatest Hits

 
$7.49







Prince
Purple Rain

 
$12.69






Prince
4Ever

 
$18.39






Prince
Very Best of Prince

 
$18.59






Daryl Hall & John Oates
Very Best of Daryl Hall & John ...

 
$7.39







Michael Jackson
Thriller

 
$9.19






Barry White
All-Time Greatest Hits

 
$6.89







Prince
1999

 
$12.69






Adele
21

 
$13.75






The Spinners (US)
Very Best of the Spinners

 
$11.55







Lionel Richie
Definitive Collection

 
$8.85






Sam Cooke
Portrait of a Legend 1951-1964

 
$11.75






Sly & The Family Stone
Greatest Hits

 
$7.35







A Tribe Called Quest
We Got It from Here... Thank Yo...

 
$14.65






70s Greatest Hits

 
$10.19






Quincy Jones
Ultimate Collection

 
$7.59







Paul Butterfield / Paul... 
Paul Butterfield Blues Band

 
$9.59







The Stylistics
Best of the Stylistics

 
$14.39






Charlie Wilson
In It to Win It

 
$13.75






Tupac
Greatest Hits

 
$24.89






The War
Best of War

 
$10.49







Gregory Porter
Take Me to the Alley

 
$13.99






Kendrick Lamar
Damn.

 
$15.79






ABBA
Gold: Greatest Hits

 
$9.15







Prince
Ultimate

 
$8.08






Prince
Batman

 
$2.30






Lady Gaga
Joanne

 
$15.85






Harold Melvin & The Blu... 
Essential Harold Melvin & the B...

 
$7.35







Adele
19

 
$11.39







Marvin Gaye
What's Going On

 
$8.29





 
 
 
 
 
>













 My Brother's Keeper CD music Product Description

My Brother's Keeper album for sale by Walter & Scotty was released May 04, 1993 on the Black Tie Entertainment label. Personnel includes: Scotty Scott, Walter Scott (vocals); Sean Bryant (various instruments); Greg Pore'e, John T. My Brother's Keeper buy CD music Smith (guitar); Gerald Albright (saxophone); Ming Freeman (horn synthesizer); Righteous (keyboards); Paul Minor, Al Johnson (keyboards, drums, programming); Grady Wilkins (keyboards, programming, background vocals); Kayo (bass); Michael A. Saulsberry, Patrick Greene (drums, keyboards, bass, guitars, programming); Keni Burke, Derek Nakamoto, Robert Brookins (programming, background vocals). As the lead singers of the Whispers, Walter and Wallace "Scotty" Scott have been two of the more talented singers in R&B. My Brother's Keeper sounds like a Whispers album and that's part of the appeal. By the late '70s, the Scott brothers always surrounded themselves with writers and producers who were tasteful and brought their voices to the fore. In 1993 the brothers decided to take a break from the Whispers to test the R&B waters on their own. On My Brother's Keeper, the Scotts work with a variety of production and writing teams and the results are skilled. Unlike many of their contemporaries, the Scotts convincingly did up-to date dance tracks. The first track, "Move Your Body," is a solid hip-hop/new jack mix produced by members of Portrait. "I Know You're My Baby," produced by Robert Brookins, is a smooth update of their Solar dance track style. "Sticks and Stones" boasts both a great hook and adroit synth textures. But by the late '80s, the Scotts were more proficient with ballad material, and My Brother's Keeper offers a few more tracks with their trademark sound. "My Love" and "Rest My Lips" continue their romantic and refined quiet storm style. Unlike many Whispers albums, My Brother's Keeper also features cover material. The best and most surprising is Sly & the Family Stone's "Thank You (Falletin Me Be Mice Elf Agin)," which gets a fun and playful recast. My Brother's Keeper is an extremely enjoyable effort in the Scott tradition, and a work of class and substance.   ...See Full Description


 Walter & Scotty - My Brother's Keeper Album Track Listing


TrkSong   
1Move Your Body 
2Dirty Dancin' (Slow Motion) 
3Heaven 
4Open Door 
5My Love 
6I Know You're My Baby 
7With All My Heart 
8Sticks and Stones 
9Rest My Lips 
10Fool for You, A (Baby) 
11I Want to Know Your Name 
12Thank You (Falletin Me Be Mice Elf Again) 



 My Brother's Keeper songs Product Details


Item  number4314432
LabelBlack Tie Entertainment
Orig Year1993
Discs1
Release DateMay 04, 1993
Studio/LiveStudio
Mono/StereoStereo
Recording Time56 minutes
PersonnelGerald Albright - saxophoneRobert Brookins - programming, background vocalsAl Johnson - keyboards, drums, programmingKeni BurkeKayo - bassGreg PoreeDerek NakamotoJohn T. Smith - guitarMing Freeman - horn synthesizerScotty ScottList all 17 contributors







Have you heard this album? 










 Our Current Promotions






More Promotions...
› Country Tailgate Sale
› Alice Cooper's New Release
› Film Favorites Collections
› Telefilms Sale
› Classic Rock Sale
› Action Movie Sale
› Universal Monsters
› Star Wars
› The Rolling Stones







CategoriesMore > 
› Alternative
› Blues
› Box Sets
› Classical
› Country
› Dance
› Heavy Metal
› International
› Jazz
› Latin
› Live Performance
› Oldies
› R & B
› Rap/Hip Hop
› Rock/Pop
› Soundtrack


















Specialty Shops



› The Beatles
› The Walking Dead
› Game of Thrones
› Doctor Who
› Star Trek
› Frank Sinatra
› Grateful Dead
› David Bowie
› Prince
› Harry Potter
› James Bond





Browse Music

› Vinyl Records
› Accessories
› Audiobooks
› DVD Audio
› Enhanced CD
› Super Audio CD
› Bargain Bin
› Top Music Charts
› Popular Lyrics

› Calendars
› Clothing & T-Shirts

Browse MoviesMore > 

› Action/Adventure
› Comedy
› Drama
› Horror
› Music Videos
› TV on DVD

Browse GamesMore > 

› PlayStation 3
› Nintendo Wii
› XBox 360
› Nintendo DS
› PC Games
› Accessories



We Need Your Support







We Need Your Support



















cdu4asppid music 4314432 cdu4pidall cdu4pls7 ver261cdu cdu4all 
7/28/2017 2:28:52 PM
XPreRip Terms and ConditionsPreRip is a free option on select CD's displaying the PreRip icon. This option allows you to download the MP3 version of that CD immediately after your purchase. The physical CD will still be shipped to you. If you agree to accept your PreRip MP3s, please be aware that the corresponding CD will be non-refundable and cannot be canceled from your order. This protects us against customers taking the free MP3 and then canceling the CD.PreRip availability may change at any time, so we recommend that you download as soon as possible.Should the CD you receive be defective, we will exchange it for a new one. PreRip is only available to customers in the United States. This is a limitation placed on us by the record labels.










Walter Scott: Amazon.co.uk






































Amazon.co.uk




    Try Prime
  


















All



All Departments
Alexa Skills
Amazon Global Store
Amazon Pantry
Amazon Video
Amazon Warehouse Deals
Apps & Games
Baby
Beauty
Books
Car & Motorbike
CDs & Vinyl
Classical Music
Clothing
Computers & Accessories
Digital Music 
DIY & Tools
DVD & Blu-ray
Electronics & Photo
Fashion
Garden & Outdoors
Gift Cards
Grocery
Handmade
Health & Personal Care
Home & Kitchen
Industrial & Scientific
Jewellery
Kindle Store
Large Appliances
Lighting
LOVEFiLM by Post
Luggage
Luxury Beauty
Musical Instruments & DJ
PC & Video Games
Pet Supplies
Shoes & Bags
Software
Sports & Outdoors
Stationery & Office Supplies
Toys & Games
VHS
Watches





Go

















Shop byDepartment





Hello. Sign inYour AccountTryPrimeYourLists Basket0






Your Amazon.co.ukToday's DealsGift Cards & Top UpSellHelp






Amazon.co.uk Today's Deals Warehouse Deals Outlet Subscribe & Save Vouchers Amazon Family Amazon Prime Amazon Video Amazon Student Mobile Apps Amazon Pickup Locations Amazon Assistant Made in Italy















































































Walter Scott





Top Selected Products and Reviews












1.












Ivanhoe: Classic literature

by Sir Walter Scott














In stock.






Price:

£10.43








"They don't make them like this any more" - By 
Iso Thringwyn Gade 


They don't make them like this any more!  In a busy world people don't find much time for lengthy novels by sir walter Scott, which is a pity but a fact.  However, Ivanhoe is a good yarn, full of exciting events, and this radical abridgement serves its purpose well.  It also manages to convey the emotional import of Ivanhoe rather well.  There is more emotional complexity here than you might expect.  I would love it if someone would do abridgements of all the waverley novels, as they have of many of trollopes novels.











4.3 out of 5 stars



    (144)
  











Add to Basket


Add to my List


















2.












Waverley (Penguin Classics)

by Walter Scott














In stock.






RRP:

£9.99



Price:

£9.98








"Along with The Heart of Mid-Lothian it is Scott's best novel. Of course" - By 
Harry 


Along with The Heart of Mid-Lothian it is Scott's best novel. Of course, you have to cope with some difficulties with the Scots, you'll probably need to look up more words than you expect in the glossary, but it's worth all the effort. But if you don't know Scott's historical novels, you'd better start with something less difficult. To deal with the Jacobite uprising partly in the Scots dialect may be a bit deterring.











3.6 out of 5 stars



    (37)
  











Add to Basket


Add to my List


















3.












The Complete Novels of Sir Walter Scott: Waverly, Rob Roy, Ivanhoe, The Pirate, Old Mortality, The Guy Mannering, The Antiquary, The Heart of Midlothian ... of Nigel, Tales from Benedictine Sources...

by Walter Scott














Available for download now.






Price:

£0.49








"Good, but quite a lot of typographical errors" - By 
Harold K  (Rutland)


,Good, but quite a lot of typographical errors.











4.5 out of 5 stars



    (10)
  


















4.












The Complete Works of Sir Walter Scott: Novels, Short Stories, Poetry, Plays, Journal, Letters, Articles and much more (Illustrated Edition): The Entire ... Guy Mannering, The Antiquary and many more

by Walter Scott














Available for download now.






Price:

£0.99








"Comprehensive and navigable" - By 
H. L. MacQueen  (Edinburgh, UK)


Very impressed by the coverage of the collection and the ease with which one manoeuvre round it all.  Invaluable.











5.0 out of 5 stars



    (5)
  


















5.












Rob Roy (Wordsworth Classics)

by Sir Walter Scott














In stock.






Price:

£2.50








"break through the pain barrier" - By 
john.maxwell@visto.com  (Switzerland)


Getting into this book means wading through an opening few scenes of London accountancy. It hurts, but it worksOnce you have gotten through the early sections you follow the hero northwards, until you find him racing through the highlands and striving for the right to marry the beautiful, enigmatic and sly Di Vernon.Not essentially a book about Rob Roy, although he does have a leading role. It is about the world of Rob Roy, which is full of brave, adventurous and unpredictable highlanders.











4.2 out of 5 stars



    (24)
  











Add to Basket


Add to my List


















6.












The Bride of Lammermoor (Oxford World's Classics)

by Walter Scott














In stock.






RRP:

£9.99



Price:

£4.99



You Save:

£5.00 (50%)
      







"Five Stars" - By 
Sister John Ogilvie 


I enjoyed this book with all its historical information











3.7 out of 5 stars



    (16)
  











Add to Basket


Add to my List


















7.












The Heart of Midlothian (Oxford World's Classics)

by Walter Scott














In stock.






RRP:

£10.99



Price:

£7.99



You Save:

£3.00 (27%)
      







"An undeservedly forgotten masterpiece, Scott's finest work." - By 
aaron812@pearland.com  (Texas, USA)


Inspired by a true story.When her younger sister is accused of murdering her new born child only Jeanie Deans can save her life, but to do so she must perjure herself before man and God.  This is impossible for a woman of such deep and simple faith.  As a result her sister is condemned to die.  With in hours of the sentenceing Jeanie leaves on the long, and dangerous journey to London, in the slight hope of obtaining a royal pardon.A simple story of deep faith, tremendous courage, and family loyalty.  Containing some of Scott's most memorable charactors, including a strong female protagonist, years ahead of her time.











4.4 out of 5 stars



    (10)
  











Add to Basket


Add to my List


















8.












Kenilworth: A Romance (Penguin Classics)

by Walter Scott














In stock.






Price:

£10.99








"." - By 
Mrs. Little 


Who wouldn't be delighted to find the public domain list of FREE classic literature. This is fantastic. All the titles I've always wanted to read and for free - this is my kind of kindle heaven. I love the way they arrive on your kindle, they're so quick, it's like magic. Thank you public domain!











3.6 out of 5 stars



    (17)
  











Add to Basket


Add to my List


















9.












Delphi Complete Works of Sir Walter Scott (Illustrated)

by Sir Walter Scott














Available for download now.






Price:

£1.83








"Delphi Classics" - By 
Bookworm 


Great edition of the complete works of a pre-Victorian novelist. Now in colour with kindle fire. Easy to use with contents pages and also for each novel as well. Using kindle features easy to search, use dictonary and make notes. As always great value for money.











4.5 out of 5 stars



    (26)
  


















10.












The Antiquary (Oxford World's Classics)

by Walter Scott














In stock.






RRP:

£10.99



Price:

£10.68



You Save:

£0.31 (3%)
      







"Scott pulls his own leg?" - By 
E. Clarke  (Glasgow, Scotland)


This is a hugely enjoyable book, and it is strange I had never heard of it until I heard someone on the radio recommend it to someone who had never read Scott before. I had read, and enjoyed, two of his novels before, but I had not a clue what this might be about. It turns out it is set in Scott's own times (the only such one he wrote?) and there is none of the preliminary fictitous manuscripts or "sources" of the story. It is just the author writing the tale. There seems to be a lot of autobiography in the (affectionately but comically portrayed) Antiquary - obsessed with books and collecting (and being easily fooled by frausters) along with ancient ruins (getting things hilariously wrong). To this is added the laird (Scott the longing after an ancient name, the recounting so vividly the horrors of debt). This story ... full review











4.7 out of 5 stars



    (6)
  











Add to Basket


Add to my List


















11.












Guy Mannering (Penguin Classics)

by Walter Scott














In stock.






Price:

£9.99








"The Original - and the Best!" - By 
Mr. Alastair Brown 


Nobody much reads Scott today - well that's their loss! Scott was the original romantic/historical novelist and the best of his fiction - which very much includes "Guy Mannering" - stands up extremely well today. So why don't people read Scott? - much of the problem in his greatest novels revolves round the dated Scottish dialect spoken by the lead characters - and his own general prose can be somewhat ponderous. So what are the pluses? Well basically it's character,character and character! Like Dickens, Scott's best characters leap fully formed out of the page and are intensely memorable. In "Guy Mannering" we have good hearted farmer Dandie Dinmont and the wild gypsy Meg Merrilies and a variety of lesser characters equally strongly drawn. And then there is plot - plots can creak somewhat and,as here,be dependant on some unlikely coincidences but by and large Scott's plots are strong,they drive on ... full review











4.3 out of 5 stars



    (3)
  











Add to Basket


Add to my List


















12.












Ivanhoe (The Penguin English Library)

by Walter Scott














In stock.






Price:

£8.99








"In days of olde when knights were bold and......" - By 
still searching  (MK UK)


...in the main, sexist and racial and religious bigots, women and anyone not of the Christian faith had a pretty raw deal!  Reading this again about forty years after the first time I encountered it these are the strongest impressions with which I am left.  Of course, we receive these impressions through the filter of Scott's own presumptions and he is usually quick in drawing favourable distinctions between himself and his own time with regard to the prejudices that form the backbone to the structure of the story and not above being selective or actually manipulating history if it serves this purpose.Having said all this it still, nevertheless, remains a ripping yarn, basically, of the return of the `prodigal' son or son's stripe, if we include Richard sneaking home through the back door to escape the notice of his clearly nasty younger brother, John with his ... full review











5.0 out of 5 stars



    (2)
  











Add to Basket


Add to my List


















13.












Redgauntlet (Oxford World's Classics)

by Walter Scott














In stock.






RRP:

£9.99



Price:

£4.99



You Save:

£5.00 (50%)
      







"Good read" - By 
DeiryMe 


No point in trying to add to the various detailed reviews of this book, so in concise terms, this is a an enjoyable tale. Not my favourite Scott novel, but worth reading purely as an entertaining story. This is a historical novel, not a history book, and this is how it should be approached.











4.0 out of 5 stars



    (11)
  











Add to Basket


Add to my List


















14.












The Talisman

by Sir Walter Scott














In stock.






Price:

£7.45








"Exciting Stuff" - By 
scotlit 


The Talisman is a real page turner - right from the start when Knight and Saracen, crossing the hot desert sands, meet at an oasis - as enemies, though their leaders have declared a truce.  What will happen?  Suffice it to say that they each learn a great deal about the other.  Then, the scene changes, but the action continues, page after page.  Very hard to switch off when we want to know what happens next - to the Knight, the Saracen, the gifted healer, the bad guy - and, indeed to King Richard of England - the Lionheart, who meets with the Leopard.  And - just to clinch matters - the download is free - the book is in the public domain - there is nothing to lose, just the reading of an exciting book to gain!











3.7 out of 5 stars



    (7)
  











Add to Basket


Add to my List

















Look for similar items by category



Books > Fiction > Adventure Stories & Action
Books > Fiction > Classics
Books > Fiction > Historical
Books > Fiction > Literary Fiction
Books > Fiction > War
Books > Romance > Historical Romance > General
Books > Romance > Historical Romance > Scottish
Books > Romance > Military
Kindle Store > Kindle eBooks > Literature & Fiction > Action & Adventure
Kindle Store > Kindle eBooks > Romance > Historical Romance > Scottish







 Unlimited One-Day Delivery and more 
 Prime members also enjoy exclusive access to movies and TV shows, two million songs and much more. 

      >
      Get Started








There's a problem loading this menu at the moment.
Learn more about Amazon Prime.

































        Your recently viewed items and featured recommendations
    



 › 
View or edit your browsing history

After viewing product detail pages, look here to find an easy way to navigate back to pages you are interested in.






        Your recently viewed items and featured recommendations
    



 › 
View or edit your browsing history

After viewing product detail pages, look here to find an easy way to navigate back to pages you are interested in.







Back to top
Get to Know UsCareersAbout UsUK Modern Slavery StatementMake Money with UsSell on AmazonSell on Amazon BusinessAssociates ProgrammeFulfilment by AmazonAdvertise Your ProductsIndependently Publish with UsAmazon PayBecome an Amazon Vendor›See allAmazon Payment MethodsAmazon Platinum MastercardAmazon Money StoreGift CardsAmazon Currency ConverterPayment Methods HelpShop with PointsTop Up Your AccountLet Us Help YouTrack Packages or View OrdersDelivery Rates & PoliciesAmazon PrimeReturns & ReplacementsManage Your Content and DevicesAmazon Mobile AppAmazon AssistantHelp

AustraliaBrazilCanadaChinaFranceGermanyIndiaItalyJapanMexicoNetherlandsSpainUnited States

Amazon Music Stream millions of songs

AbeBooks Books, art & collectables

ACX Audiobook Publishing Made Easy

Amazon BuyVIP The European Shopping Club

 

Amazon Tickets Music, Theatre & Comedy

Amazon Web Services Scalable Cloud Computing Services

Audible Download Audio Books

Book Depository Books With Free Delivery Worldwide

 

DPReview Digital Photography

Goodreads Book reviews & recommendations

IMDb Movies, TV & Celebrities

Junglee.com Shop Online in India

 

Kindle Direct Publishing Indie Digital Publishing Made Easy

Prime Now 2-Hour Delivery on Everyday Essentials

Shopbop Designer Fashion Brands

Yoyo.com A Happy Place To Shop For Toys

 

Souq.com Shop Online in the Middle East

Warehouse Deals Deep Discounts Open-Box Products

LOVEFiLM DVD & Blu-ray To Rent By Post

Amazon Business Service for business customers


Conditions of Use & SalePrivacy NoticeCookies & Internet Advertising© 1996-2017, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates



































Walter Scott Death: Bystander Who Recorded Cop Shooting Speaks Out - NBC News





























 Watch Live: President Trump Speaks About Combating Gangs 


Get Alerts
                        
























Sections

 Nightly News
MSNBC
 Meet the Press
Megyn Kelly
 Dateline
Today



Search




Search












Share on Facebook







Share on Twitter







Email page link



















 NBC News works best with JavaScript turned on
            







 Feedback


advertisement





advertisement










Storyline


Walter Scott Shooting



















Nightly News


Walter Scott Shooting


Apr 9 2015, 11:54 am ET




Walter Scott Death: Bystander Who Recorded Cop Shooting Speaks Out


by Phil Helsel









Share



Share



Tweet













Comment



Email



Print






advertisement












Play















Facebook


Twitter


Embed




Man who recorded Walter Scott shooting: ‘I’m still scared’
5:42

autoplay 
autoplay 



Copy this code to your website or blog







 The bystander who captured on video a white police officer shooting an apparently unarmed black man in the back in South Carolina thought about erasing the recording over fears of retaliation. 
 The video recorded by Feidin Santana shocked the nation when it was released this week. The footage resulted in Officer Michael Slager, 33, being arrested and charged with murder Tuesday for the shooting death of Walter Scott, 50, after a traffic stop in North Charleston Saturday. 
 "I won’t deny that I knew the magnitude of this, and I even thought about erasing the video," Santana said in an interview on MSNBC’s "All In With Chris Hayes" Wednesday. 
 "I felt that my life, with this information, might be in danger. I thought about erasing the video and just getting out of the community, you know Charleston, and living some place else," the 23-year-old said. "I knew the cop didn't do the right thing." 
 In an interview with TODAY's Matt Lauer on Thursday, Santana said: "I'm still scared." 
 "I say life changed in a matter of seconds. I never thought this would happen, that I would be a witness," he told TODAY's Matt Lauer in an exclusive interview Thursday. "I'm still scared." 
 Earlier Wednesday, Santana revealed himself as the videographer to "NBC Nightly News" anchor Lester Holt in his first interview since the shooting, and said Slager and Scott did struggle before the encounter turned deadly. But he said the officer did not appear to be in danger when he opened fire. 
 "Before I started recording, they were down on the floor. I remember the police [officer] had control of the situation," Santana said. "He had control of Scott. And Scott was trying just to get away from the Taser. But like I said, he never used the Taser against the cop." 
 "As you can see in the video, the police officer just shot him in the back," Santana said. "I knew right away, I had something on my hands." 







Play















Facebook


Twitter


Embed




A Closer Look at the Walter Scott Shooting
3:36

autoplay 
autoplay 



Copy this code to your website or blog







 Slager claimed Scott grabbed his Taser and that he feared for his life. The video shows an object being thrown to the ground and Scott running away, and a delay before the officer fires seven times, pauses, and fires an eighth time. 
 Scott's parents told TODAY on Wednesday they believe Scott fled from Slager because he owed child support and didn't want to go to jail again. 
 Santana said he turned over the video after reading the police report and hearing about it on the news. "It wasn’t like that, the way they were saying," Santana said on MSNBC. "I said, 'No ... this is not what happened.'" 
 Santana told NBC News that when he turned over the video to Scott's family, "they were very emotional when that happened, including me also." 
 "I thought about his position, their situation ... If I were to have a family member that would happen [to], I would like to know the truth," Santana said. 
 He has been called a "hero" by attorneys for the family, but Santana said there are no winners in the situation. 
 "It’s not something that no one can feel happy about. He has his family, Mr. Scott also has his family," Santana told NBC News. "But I think, you know, he [the officer] made a bad decision, and you pay for your decisions in this life." 







Play















Facebook


Twitter


Embed




Anger Boils Over in North Charleston After Walter Scott Shooting
4:04

autoplay 
autoplay 



Copy this code to your website or blog







 "Mr. Scott didn’t deserve this, and there were other ways that can be used to get him arrested, and that wasn’t the proper way to do that." 
 Police Chief Eddie Driggers said when he watched the video of the encounter, "I was sickened by what I saw." 
 North Charleston Mayor Keith Summey announced Wednesday that Slager was fired. He also ordered body cameras for the police force. Every officer on the street will wear one after a policy is established and the force is trained, Summey said. 
 Slager is being held without bond at Charleston County Jail. 





 
 




Phil Helsel

Twitter
Email





                      Topics
                    NBCBLK, U.S. news

First Published Apr 8 2015, 6:51 pm ET







 Next Story
Michael Slager, Ex-Cop Who Shot Walter Scott, Pleads Guilty in Civil Rights Case









advertisement










advertisement





advertisement












































Sir Walter Scott's, Mr.Snuff Online




























 








 


Cart Contents (1)CheckoutMy AccountLog In 


Nasal Snuff


Snuff by Country



American Snuff

American Snuff Co.
Buzz
Dean Swift
FUBAR
QSnuff
Rockit!
Toque Silver Dollar
Swisher
US Smokeless



British Snuff

Abraxas
Fribourg & Treyer
Gawith Hoggarth
Hedges
J & H Wilson's
McChrystal's
Samuel Gawith
Sir Walter Scott'
Snuff Store
Toque
Viking
Wilsons of Sharrow
Zuka


Afghan Snuff



Belgian Snuff
Chinese Snuff



Dutch Snuff

De Kralingse



German Snuff

Arnold André
Bernard
Braniff
Pöschl
Rosinski
Sterneker





Indian Snuff

41 Photo
6 Photo
7 Photo
Blast
Dholakia
She
Tej Ram Dharam Paul
Temptation
Wow



Polish Snuff

Paul Gotard
Stok






 South African Snuff
 Swiss Snuff

Schweizer Menthol

Thai Snuff





Snus



Danish Snus
Indian Snus
Swedish Snus
Snus Tools




Smokeless





Nordic Chew

Cruiser
Odens
Taboca
Siberia
V2 Thunder







American Chew

Beechnut
Copenhagen
Durango
Grizzly
Havana Blossom
Hawken
Kayak
Kodiak
Levi Garrett
Red Seal
Redman
Seneca
Southern Pride
Timber Wolf
Trophy







Twist Tobacco

Gawith Hoggarth
Grimm and Treipel
Oliver Twist
Samuel Gawith







Makla

Makla







Gutkha

Gutkha






Pipe Tobacco




Gallaher
Gawith Hoggarth
John Sinclair
Mick McQuaid
Murray
Ogdens
Orlik

Samuel Gawith




Accessories



Snuff Bullets

Acrylic
Glass
Metal
POSH


Grinders
Hankies
Snus Tools




Snuff Boxes

Metal
Plastic
Wooden


Sniffers
Other Snuff Stuff




Snuff Bottles and Jars
Snuff Spoons

Funnels




Pewter




Energy Snuff




Dholakia
Rockit!
Thai Herbal
Tiger
Wilsons of Sharrow
Zeroberg





E-Cigarettes




E-Cig Kits

CigStar
Cloud 9
E-Cigarette

Encore
Krave
NJoy
Smoking Everywhere



Disposables

E-Cigarette
E-Disposable
EZ Cig
Krave



E-Liquids

Boge-DeKang
CigStar
Encore
Shining







E-Herb Kits

DM-T





Cartridges

CigStar
Cloud 9
ecis
NJoy
Smoking Everywhere



E-Accessories

CigStar







Mr.Snuff's Corner



Mr.Snuff's Blog [new window]
Testimonials
FAQ
What Is Snuff?














  Catalog » British Snuff » Sir Walter Scott's

When you click the  button, the item will be added to your cart. Click here to go to your cart.
Sir Walter Scott's


     Price+ Product Name Buy Now        $6.55 Sir Walter Scott's Havana Toast Snuff 15g Buy Now    $6.55 Sir Walter Scott's Latakia Blend Snuff 15g Buy Now    $6.55 Sir Walter Scott's Lundy Foot Snuff 15g Buy Now    $10.33 Sir Walter Scott's Anson's Imperial Snuff 15g Buy Now    $10.33 Sir Walter Scott's Field of Junipers Snuff 15g Buy Now    $10.33 Sir Walter Scott's Friar Ramon Pane Snuff 15g Buy Now    $10.33 Sir Walter Scott's Moro Moro Snuff 15g Buy Now    $10.33 Sir Walter Scott's Mull of Oa Snuff 15g Buy Now    $21.24 Sir Walter Scott's Anson's Imperial Snuff 50g Buy Now    $21.24 Sir Walter Scott's Field of Junipers Snuff 50g Buy Now    $21.24 Sir Walter Scott's Friar Ramon Pane Snuff 50g Buy Now    $21.24 Sir Walter Scott's Roslein Snuff 50g Buy Now    $21.24 Sir Walter Scott's Thrice Brewed Snuff 50g Buy Now   


Result Pages:  1 
Displaying 1 to 13 (of 13 products)



 



 







Shop Categories

Nasal Snuff
Chewing Tobacco
Energy Snuff
Pipe Tobacco
Snus
Vaping
Accessories


Account

My Account
Edit Account
Account History


Information

Shipping Policy
Conditions of Use
Privacy/Cookie Policy


Help

Contact Us
Loyalty Program
F.A.Q.




Copyright © 2017 Mr.Snuff Online
CLASSIC - MOBILE View






Walter Scott Books For Sale    
        Search for:       Cart      Credit Card Payments Secured by PayPal | See our 5-Star Feedback from Hundreds of Happy CustomersHC Books > Shop > Walter Scott > Page 7Walter Scott  Showing 73–76 of 76 results  Default sortingSort by popularitySort by newnessSort by price: low to highSort by price: high to low Filter by price   Filter Price:  — Product CategoriesAntiquarianBiblesBiographiesDickensEveryman's LibraryExplorationFirst EditionsFiction 1stFlora and FaunaFolio SocietyFolio Society (New - Unopened)Heron BooksHistoryLiterary FictionLocal History/TopographyPoetryPrayer BooksReader's DigestReligion, Spirituality, TheologyScottish InterestSets of BooksShakespeareTheatre/DramaWalter Scott  View Product  Waverley Anecdotes Sir Walter Scott Charles Daly c1852 £19.99  View Product  Waverley Gallery Principal Female Characters Walter Scott's Romances 1860 £105.00  View Product  Woodstock Scott Melrose Edition Jack c1880 £12.99  View Product  Woodstock Walter Scott A&C Black 1901 £12.99        