










 













 













 



Scout App Puts Military Discounts at Fingertips Just in Time for Veterans Day 





































PRWeb
Home
News Center
Blog



United States
United Kingdom
France

			Login
		
			Create a free account
		




RSS


Email Newsletters


Put PRWeb on your site




Scout App Puts Military Discounts at Fingertips Just in Time for Veterans Day



Share Article






















New mobile app launches to help soldiers and their families find military discounts and Veterans Day freebies close to home.







Over 100,000 military discounts and Veterans Day freebies at your fingertips



Portland, Ore (PRWEB)
November 05, 2014
 Scout Military Discounts LLC today announced the launch of SCOUT, the most comprehensive military savings mobile application for both iOS and Android devices. The new, free mobile app is designed to provide all U.S. veterans, military members and their families a way to easily access military discounts and freebies from anywhere, at any time from their mobile phone or other mobile devices. One of the features of the app is a listing of all the Veterans Day deals including thousands of locations for free meals on Nov 11th.
SCOUT delivers a way for members of the military to search from over 100,000 military discounts, freebies and special promotions to find the ones in their community. SCOUT also contains useful information for service members including USO Center locations.
SCOUT provides a way for civilians to give back to those who serve the United States and their families as well. Anyone can support the SCOUT community by adding military discounts they know about in their local communities. And every discount will be verified by a SCOUT member. By doing this, members of the military can access information they otherwise may not know about. It also shows support for those businesses and organizations that directly help our military.
Finally, SCOUT gives participating businesses an opportunity to offer military discounts to soldiers who can save on any number of products and services, while helping drive customers to their businesses. With more than 20 million veterans, 14 million active personnel, and 15 million individuals who are married to someone serving, businesses will now have the potential to access this large consumer audience as the SCOUT app gains in popularity and use among these group members.
“Our mission is simple,” said Cody McGraw, Founder of SCOUT Military Discounts. “We want every available military discount to be easily accessible to the military community. This commendable group of people want to know if there is a discount before driving to the store or restaurant. They can now do this right from their phone.”
The SCOUT app is available for download at the Apple App Store and Google Play. Use the search term “SCOUT Military” to find the app for download. For more information about SCOUT, the app’s purpose and ways to get involved, visit scoutmilitarydiscounts.com.



Share article on socal media or email:










View article via:
											Pdf
										
											Print
										






Contact Author

Cody McGraw
SCOUT Military Discounts +1 (971) 212-8296
				Email >
			
@SCOUTDiscountssince: 02/2014
				Follow >
			


									Visit website
								




News Center




	SCOUT MILITARY DISCOUNTS Trademark of Scout Military Discounts, LLC. Serial Number: 86212298 :: Trademarkia Trademarks





























































Apply Online!
Attorneys

Services 

U.S. Trademark Registration Service 
International Trademark Registration Service 
Trademark Office Action Response 
Trademark Statement of Use 
Trademark Renewal 
Trademark Assignment 
Trademark Watch 
Trademark Cease & Desist  
Trademark Comprehensive Search  
Copyright Registration 
Patent Services 
Incorporation Services 
Business Page Creation 
 More Services... 


Help
Contact Us


Login






















Trademark Search 
Trademark Category
Advertising,  Business & Retail Services
SCOUT MILITARY DISCOUNTS










 
Get FREE email alerts













SCOUT MILITARY DISCOUNTS  Trademark Information
 Scout Military Discounts, LLC
Promoting the goods and services of others by providing an interactive website and mobile applications featuring user-submitted and other content in the nature of coupons, discounts, and promotions




Perfect for these industries

Advertising,  Business & Retail Services





Words that describe this mark
promoting   goods   services   providing   interactive   website   mobile   applications   featuring   usersubmitted   content   nature   coupons      discounts      promotions    
                                    




This is a brand page for the SCOUT MILITARY DISCOUNTS trademark by Scout Military Discounts, LLC 
                                in Portland, OR, 97209.
Write a review about a product or service associated with this SCOUT MILITARY DISCOUNTS trademark.    
                                Or, contact the owner Scout Military Discounts, LLC of the SCOUT MILITARY DISCOUNTS trademark by filing a request to communicate with    
                                the Legal Correspondent for licensing, use, and/or questions related to the SCOUT MILITARY DISCOUNTS trademark.
                           






On Wednesday, March 5, 2014,  a U.S. federal trademark registration was filed for 
                        SCOUT MILITARY DISCOUNTS by 
                        Scout Military Discounts, LLC, Portland, OR  97209.
                        The USPTO has given the SCOUT MILITARY DISCOUNTS 
                        trademark serial  number of  86212298.  
                        The current federal status of this trademark filing is REGISTERED.
                        The correspondent listed for SCOUT MILITARY DISCOUNTS is 
                        
                        
                                            JAROM J. BERGESON of 
                                            KYLER KOHLER OSTERMILLER & SORENSEN, LLP,  1883 W ROYAL HUNTE DR STE 200, CEDAR CITY, UT 84720-4081 
                                .
                            The SCOUT MILITARY DISCOUNTS trademark is filed in the category of 
                            
                                    Advertising,  Business & Retail Services
                                . 
                            The description provided to the USPTO for SCOUT MILITARY DISCOUNTS 
                            is Promoting the goods and services of others by providing an interactive website and mobile applications featuring user-submitted and other content in the nature of coupons, discounts, and promotions. 
                            





Word mark:
 SCOUT MILITARY DISCOUNTS


  Status/Status Date:  


REGISTERED

12/6/2016



  Serial Number:  
86212298


  Filing Date:  
3/5/2014


 Registration Number:  
5095824 


 Registration Date:  
12/6/2016


 Goods and Services: 
Promoting the goods and services of others by providing an interactive website and mobile applications featuring user-submitted and other content in the nature of coupons, discounts, and promotions


 Mark Description: 
The mark consists of the stylized wording "SCOUT MILITARY DISCOUNTS" where the word "SCOUT" is above the words "MILITARY DISCOUNTS". To the left of the wording, there is an image of a running soldier carrying a flag.


 Type Of Mark: 
Service Mark


 Published For Opposition Date: 
8/2/2016


Last Applicant/Owner:

Scout Military Discounts, LLCPortland, OR  97209
Why is this contact information displayed?  

Why is this contact information displayed? [Close]
The USPTO makes this data available for search by the public so that individuals can locate ownership information for intellectual property, much the same way a county might make real estate property ownership information available.
Since our website is synchronized with the USPTO data, we recommend making any data changes with the USPTO directly. Our website will auto-update when the USPTO data is updated.
You may also contact Trademarkia to make a request for the removal of your personally identifiable information or trademark data.  Such requests must be made in writing and will be subject to verification of ownership.  This policy allows verified trademark owners to specify: (A) that their identifiable information be masked, or (B) that their trademark pages permanently deleted from Trademarkia.com.  
                                                Requests may be made directly to customer.service@trademarkia.com and every effort will be made to honor them within 48 hours. 
Click here for further details.
[Close]




 Mark Drawing Code:  
Drawing/Design + Words


 Design Search: 
See Similar Logos >>



                                                     Shadows or silhouettes of men (Human Beings  -  Men) see more design...


                                                    Running  (Human Beings  -  Humans depicted engaging in activities ) see more design...


                                                    Pennants (flags in the form of a triangle), flags with forked sides  (Heraldry, flags, crowns, crosses, arrows and symbols   -  Flags, banners) see more design...




Register Type:  
Principal


 Disclaimer:
 ("MILITARY DISCOUNTS")


 Correspondent:


JAROM J. BERGESON
KYLER KOHLER OSTERMILLER & SORENSEN, LLP
1883 W ROYAL HUNTE DR STE 200
CEDAR CITY, UT 84720-4081






 Use in Commerce Trademark - Applicant has provided proof of use of this mark in commerce to USPTO.





Classification Information



Primary Class: 
 Class (035) - Advertising; business management; business administration; office functions. 


First Use Anywhere: 
2/4/2014


First Use In Commerce: 
3/11/2014





Trademarkia is the largest search engine for U.S. trademarks.  Each month hundreds of trademarks around the world are filed by licensed attorneys in the LegalForce/Trademarkia network! You can register your trademark in 170+ countries in the world through LegalForce Network.
 LegalForce Network can help you incorporate a business around your SCOUT MILITARY DISCOUNTS trademark in less than 5 minutes.  Trademarkia makes the process easy and convenient, so start now!
 Trademarkia.com is a free search engine of publicly available government records.  Trademarkia.com is not a law firm and does not represent owners & correspondents listed on this page.
Trademark Document Retrieval >>







Trademark - Apply Online!


100% Satisfaction Guarantee protect your valuable brand now.



How it works?
What you get?






1. Legalforce RAPC - #1 U.S. Trademark Filing from 2010 to now.
2. Describe how your business or product is being used. Register your mark in 176+ countries. Just $199 + govt fees! Start here >>






1. Top Global IP Attorneys - Credibility and Experience!
2. All processes will be performed in a timely manner. You will be informed periodically about the process.






Keep Track of this Brand.

 Trademark Watch Services
Keep track of how your trademark is being used. Available in the United States and in more than 176 countries. Round-the-clock monitoring. Monthly report on potential infringement.
                                

Watch this Trademark 

Trademark Watch Services read more...

Current Trademark Status:

12/6/2016
REGISTERED


Free Trademark Search:






Correspondent Search:



JAROM J. BERGESON


                                             
                                         is a correspondent of SCOUT MILITARY DISCOUNTS trademark. 
                            	    


Current Overall Rating:

 (0 review)
                            
What You Can Do:




Start Your Business



FREE Logo Creator



Add to Favorites



View Documents



FREE Trademark Search



Start Trademark Filing Process



Protect this Mark Internationally



Custom Logo Design $159



Search scoutmilitarydiscoun on popular social networks






                                Trademarkia lets you see how your 
                                personal name, product name, 
                                trademark name or username is being used on any of 530+ new 
                                and popular social networks.  
                                Be the first to reserve your name  and get help stopping others from using it - all in one place!















Trademark Oppose Service


You can request for Extension of Time to Oppose this mark or Oppose it now.



                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 







Status Update Alerts

Status Update Alerts are email updates of the latest trademark status change. Please make sure you provide the correct email. 


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 









Review & Rating

Please Rate and Review for SCOUT MILITARY DISCOUNTS 




SCOUT MILITARY DISCOUNTS is providing Promoting the goods and services of others by providing an interactive website and mobile applications featuring user-submitted and other content in the nature of coupons, discounts, and promotions.
                


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password to be associated with your review.
                 

                 If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password before posting your review.
                 


* Please Rate: 


     




* Your Review: 



 Please enter your review.



* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



 

  
                             



 




















Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














SCOUT Military Discounts LLC: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 2:29 PM ET
Software

Company Overview of SCOUT Military Discounts LLC



Snapshot People




Company Overview
SCOUT Military Discounts LLC provides a military discount application that features deep discounts and rewards to service men and women in the United States. The company was founded in 2014 and is based in Portland, Oregon.


926 NW 13th AvenueSuite 300Portland, OR 97209United StatesFounded in 2014



Phone: 971-373-4154

www.scoutmilitarydiscounts.com







Key Executives for SCOUT Military Discounts LLC




Mr. Rob Coons


      	Co-Founder and Sales Director
      








Mr. Filipe Silvestre


      	Co-Founder and Acting Chief Technology Officer 
      








Mr. Cody McGraw


      	Co-Founder
      





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 



Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 'LightArrow Inc. United States @RISK, Inc. United States @YourGate LLC United States 100Insights, Inc. United States 101 Edu, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target





Private Placement

			      October 14, 2016
			    
--





Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact SCOUT Military Discounts LLC, please visit www.scoutmilitarydiscounts.com.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close
































SCOUT Military | Your Military Service, Rewarded
















































































































 

Your Service, Rewarded. 

 

Curated military offers and  resources. 

 

 


 



 








Ready To Serve You
The SCOUT app exists to enrich the lives of the military community. We do this by connecting our users with brands desiring to hook them up with a discount, savings, or special in-app experience.Military CollectionsBrowse military themed collections in the app. "Rucksack Snacks," "Pre-PT," and "Tactical" are just a few of the collections designed for your daily military grind.

Discount DirectoryVisiting a new base? On vacation? Recon the largest military discount database on mobile.

Push NotificationsNever ask about a military discount again. Opt in to be notified when a store offers you something special.


Military ResourcesInformation about Veterans Affairs, Pets For Patriots, and eventually local military resources are at your fingertips. Take full-advantage of the Resources tab of the app.

Become a ScoutAdd military discounts easily through the app. Once verified, this information is shared with the SCOUT community.

Mission DrivenOur community is a force for good. SCOUT gives financially to military nonprofits making a difference.

Your Military Savings App
Easily discover, share, and request special military rewards. We curate products & stores to fit your needs.

Reports From The Field
Our blog is full of lots of love. Useful tips. Inspirational stories. SCOUT team updates. And meaningful content that our users care about.June 7, 2017What is an offer?Read moreMay 9, 2017Happy Mother’s Day!Read more

















































//]]>








Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft
























Media kit (SCOUT Military Discounts) by SCOUT Military Discounts - issuu



















































issuu company logo
issuu












            Explore
        






                        Categories
                    


                                Arts & Entertainment
                            



                                Style & Fashion
                            



                                Home & Garden
                            



                                Business
                            



                                Travel
                            



                                Education
                            



                                See all categories
                                







                        Collections
                    


                                Top Picks
                            



                                Generators
                            



                                Hygge
                            



                                Feminism
                            



                                Zines
                            



                                Makers
                            






                        Find More
                    


                                Plans & Pricing
                            



                                Community
                            



                                Help & Support
                            



                                About issuu
                            









            Publisher Plans
        




















Close







                        Categories
                    


                                Arts & Entertainment
                            



                                Style & Fashion
                            



                                Home & Garden
                            



                                Business
                            



                                Travel
                            



                                Education
                            



                                See all categories
                                







                        Collections
                    


                                Top Picks
                            



                                Generators
                            



                                Hygge
                            



                                Feminism
                            



                                Zines
                            



                                Makers
                            






                        Find More
                    


                                Plans & Pricing
                            



                                Community
                            



                                Help & Support
                            



                                About issuu
                            












        Sign up
    

        Sign in
    

        Sign in
    















 



































Scout App Puts Military Discounts at Fingertips Just in Time for Veterans Day | Benzinga

















Benzinga


Benzinga Pro


Marketfy


Financial Data & APIs


Fintech Awards


Premarket Prep







Membership is FreeWhat are you waiting for? Sign up now!
Username: 


Username available!Username taken!
Email: 


Email available!Email taken!
Password: 



Leave blank: 




OR




Free Account Login
Click here to access your premium account

Username or email: 



Password: 




OR

Forgot password?'

Looking for



?

CLICK HERE




  Contribute Login Sign up  

 
 
 


Benzinga - Feed Your Mind.












HomeBest of Benzinga
Careers
About
Contact Us
Partners
Benzinga Fintech Awards

NewsEarnings
Guidance
Dividends
M&A
Buybacks
Legal
Interviews
Management
Retail Sales
Offerings
IPOs
Insider Trades
Biotech/FDA

MarketsPre-Market
After Hours
Movers
Forex
Commodities
Options
Binary Options
Bonds
Futures
Global Economics
Previews
Reviews
Small-Cap

RatingsAnalyst Color
Downgrades
Upgrades
Initiations
Price Target

IdeasLong Ideas
Short Ideas
Technicals
From The Press
Jim Cramer
Rumors
ETFs

TechStart-Ups

Fintech
Personal Finance
Marketfy
Benzinga Pro

















Market Overview















TickersArticlesKeywordsSearch by keyword...googlecse


 



 
 






Scout App Puts Military Discounts at Fingertips Just in Time for Veterans Day





PRWeb 
 

      {{following ? "Following" : "Follow"}}
     



                    November 05, 2014 9:20am                  
 
Comments







Share:
 





 
New mobile app launches to help soldiers and their families find military discounts and Veterans Day freebies close to home.
Portland, Ore (PRWEB) November 05, 2014 
 Scout Military Discounts LLC today announced the launch of SCOUT, the most comprehensive military savings mobile application for both iOS and Android devices. The new, free mobile app is designed to provide all U.S. veterans, military members and their families a way to easily access military discounts and freebies from anywhere, at any time from their mobile phone or other mobile devices. One of the features of the app is a listing of all the Veterans Day deals including thousands of locations for free meals on Nov 11th.
SCOUT delivers a way for members of the military to search from over 100,000 military discounts, freebies and special promotions to find the ones in their community. SCOUT also contains useful information for service members including USO Center locations.
SCOUT provides a way for civilians to give back to those who serve the United States and their families as well. Anyone can support the SCOUT community by adding military discounts they know about in their local communities. And every discount will be verified by a SCOUT member. By doing this, members of the military can access information they otherwise may not know about. It also shows support for those businesses and organizations that directly help our military.
Finally, SCOUT gives participating businesses an opportunity to offer military discounts to soldiers who can save on any number of products and services, while helping drive customers to their businesses. With more than 20 million veterans, 14 million active personnel, and 15 million individuals who are married to someone serving, businesses will now have the potential to access this large consumer audience as the SCOUT app gains in popularity and use among these group members.
“Our mission is simple,” said Cody McGraw, Founder of SCOUT Military Discounts. “We want every available military discount to be easily accessible to the military community. This commendable group of people want to know if there is a discount before driving to the store or restaurant. They can now do this right from their phone.”
The SCOUT app is available for download at the Apple App Store and Google Play. Use the search term “SCOUT Military” to find the app for download. For more information about SCOUT, the app's purpose and ways to get involved, visit scoutmilitarydiscounts.com.
For the original version on PRWeb visit: http://www.prweb.com/releases/2014/10/prweb12288303.htm

View Comments and Join the Discussion!
 

View the discussion thread.









 










        Newsletter & Alerts
      










          Become a Wall-Street Wizard.
        




Market in 5 Minutes
Everything you need to know about the market - quick & easy.





Daily Analyst Rating
A summary of each day’s top rating changes from sell-side  analysts on the street.





FinTech Focus
Yesterday’s biggest gainers and losers. As well as 10 stocks to keep an eye on for Today






TERMS & CONDITIONS





Thank You
for registering for Benzinga’s newsletters and alerts.



            • The Daily Analysts Ratings email will be received daily between 7am and 10am.
          

            • The Market in 5 Minutes email will be received daily between 7am and 8am.
          

            • The Fintech Focus email will be received every Friday between 2pm and 5pm.
          


          If you have any questions as it relates to either of the three newsletters, please feel free to contact us at  1-877-440-ZING.
        









Trending
Recent








1
MITL, SHOR: 20 Stocks Moving In Thursday's Pre-Market Session


2
BMY, MRK: Why Is AstraZeneca Sinking Today?


3
MGM, GILD: Gilead Sciences, Verizon Communications, And MGM Reso...


4
DEST, MBRX: 22 Stocks Moving In Friday's Pre-Marke...


5
NFLX, TSLA: The JPMorgan Mid-Day Note That Mi...


6
TSLA: Tesla's Breakout Will Ta...


7
WDC, STX: Western Digital And S...

 





1
INTC: What Does Wall Street Have To Say About Intel's Earnings Report?


2
FB, TWTR: Social Q2s: Facebook Rules, Twitter Drools, Snapchat Starting To Los...


3
MAT: After 5 Years, Mattel's Top Line Returns To Growth; Q4 Guide...


4
WDC, PLT: 20 Biggest Mid-Day Losers For Friday


5
MoPop In Detroit: A Closer Look At The Indie Music Festival


6
Top Companies In San Francisco Using Tech To Upgrade Pers...


7
ATEN, FSLR: 18 Biggest Mid-Day Gainers For Friday

 






 



View upcoming Earnings, Ratings, Dividend and Economic Calendars. 



 












          Benzinga is a fast-growing, dynamic and innovative financial media outlet that empowers investors with high-quality, unique content.
        





Popular ChannelsAnalyst Ratings
Be Your Own Boss
ETFs
Economics
Forex
Hot
News
Options
Press Releases
Start-ups
Tech
Tools & FeaturesAffiliate Program
PreMarket Prep
Feeds
News Widget
Real Time Feed
Sitemap
Submit News Tips
About BenzingaAbout Us
Licensing and APIs
Apps (iOS and Android)
Fintech Awards
Blog
Syndication
In the News
Careers
Service Status
Contact Us
Disclaimer
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions


Benzinga Partners
 


 


1 (877) 440-9464 (ZING)
© Copyright Benzinga




























SCOUT Military Discounts Download | ZDNet




		This web site uses cookies to improve your experience. By viewing our content, you are accepting the use of cookies. To find out more and change your cookie settings, please
		view our cookie policy.
	





                            Edition: 



            Asia
        



            Australia
        



            Europe
        



            India
        



            United Kingdom
        



            United States
        

ZDNet around the globe:


            ZDNet Belgium
        



            ZDNet China
        



            ZDNet France
        



            ZDNet Germany
        



            ZDNet Korea
        



            ZDNet Japan
        























Go









 












SCOUT Military Discounts


                    By 
                    SCOUT Military Discounts, LLC.
                    |
                    October 30, 2014





















 Download
                Download
            
        SCOUT the most comprehensive military discount app. It is designed to have every military discount at your fingertips. It also provides useful features such as USO locations, charities that help the military community and much more. Please add any military discounts you know about today so they can be verified and shared with the SCOUT community. Thank-you for your patience as we continue to grow our database of savings!Content rating: Low Maturity
    PriceCAD0LicenseFreeFile Size4.49 MBVersion1.4Operating System
                                            Android 
                                    System RequirementsCompatible with 2.3.3 and above.










×
Thank You



Please review our terms of service to complete your newsletter subscription

I agree to the Terms of Use, Privacy Policy and Video Services Policy.
                     I understand I will receive a complimentary subscription to TechRepublic's News and Special Offers newsletter, and the Daily Digest newsletter (you can opt out at any time).

ACCEPT & CLOSE





Newsletters

You have been successfully signed up. To sign up for more newsletters or to manage your account, visit the Newsletter Subscription Center.










See
                    All
                  





See
                    All
                  





















