










 













 



Security Check Required




FacebookJoin or Log Into Facebook   Email or PhonePasswordForgot account?Log InDo you want to join Facebook?Sign UpSign UpSecurity CheckPlease enter the text belowCan't read the text above?Try another text or an audio captchaText in the box:What's this?Security CheckThis is a standard security test that we use to prevent spammers from creating fake accounts and spamming users.SubmitEnglish (US)EspañolFrançais (France)中文(简体)العربيةPortuguês (Brasil)Italiano한국어Deutschहिन्दी日本語MessengerFacebook LitePeoplePlacesGamesLocationsCelebritiesMarketplaceGroupsRecipesMomentsInstagramAboutCreate AdCreate PageDevelopersCareersPrivacyCookiesAd ChoicesTermsSettingsActivity Log Facebook © 2017




Scrap Connection Inc.: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 2:29 PM ET
Internet Software and Services

Company Overview of Scrap Connection Inc.



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Scrap Connection Inc. operates an online platform for the scrap metal industry in the Netherlands and internationally. It allows scrap producers and consumers to sell and buy ferrous and non-ferrous scrap metals. The company was founded in 2010 and is based in Amsterdam, the Netherlands. It has locations in the United States and India.


Simon Carmiggeltstraat 6Amsterdam,  1011 DJNetherlandsFounded in 2010



Phone: 31 40 4913 3088

www.scrapconnection.com







Key Executives for Scrap Connection Inc.




Mr. Chris Yerbey


      	Founder and Chief Executive Officer
      








Mr. Ashwani Dutt


      	Vice President of Asian Office
      





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 



Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 12Move VOF Europe 24sessions.com B.V. Europe 3D Hubs B.V. Europe 8vance B.V. Europe A Must in Every Office BV Europe




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target





Private Placement

			      November 14, 2016
			    
--





Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Scrap Connection Inc., please visit www.scrapconnection.com.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close






























Scrap Connection Inc in Houma, LA 70364 - ChamberofCommerce.com




   =     


        









Sign Up
Sign In
Contact Us


 














Search
 

near
 













Home
» Louisiana
» Houma
» Trash Hauling Companies
» Scrap Connection Inc













Scrap Connection Inc


0 Reviews

0.0000 stars - based on 0 reviews
                            





1024 Highway 90 E  Houma, Louisiana 70364


(985) 868-0489


 



 

Print |
                Save |
                Directions


About
Scrap Connection Inc is located at the address 1024 Highway 90 E in Houma, Louisiana 70364.  They can be contacted via phone at (985) 868-0489 for pricing, hours and directions.  Scrap Connection Inc specializes in Trucks, Imports, Diesel.  Scrap Connection Inc has an annual sales volume of 501K - 999,999.  .Scrap Connection Inc provides Jump Starts, Inspections, Exhaust to it's customers.  For maps and directions to Scrap Connection Inc view the map to the right.  For reviews of Scrap Connection Inc see below.









Business Features

PRODUCTS


Alternators
, Radiators
, Auto Parts
, Starters
, Electrical Parts
, Axles
, Windshields
, Wheels
, Tires
, Brakes



SERVICES


Radio Dispatched
, Fleets
, Installations
, Shocks
, Inspections
, Exhaust
, Storage
, Jump Starts
, Long Distance
, Computerized Inventory


 BRANDS


Cadillac
, Chevrolet
, Honda
, Buick
, Nissan
, Mazda
, Jaguar
, Dodge
, Jeep
, Ford


 SPECIALTIES


Hybrids
, Heavy Equipment
, Imports
, Classic
, Trucks
, Sedans
, Performance Cars
, Domestic
, Containers
, Diesel



 


Information

CONTACT INFORMATION
Phone: (985) 868-0489
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION:
Employee Size: 5 To 9
Exact Employee Count: 5
Exact Sales Volume: 820000
Location Type: Single Location
Sales Volume: 501K - 999,999
CATEGORIES:


Trash Hauling Companies
Automotive Wrecking Services
Automotive
Waste Management & Cleanup Services



Reviews

Add


You must Sign in to post reviews.





by  on 






Click here to be the first to review this business...



0 Reviews
 























 






Site Map
FAQ
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
About
Partners
Chamber Partner Program
Chamber Member Benefits




Top Cities:
Atlanta
Bronx
Brooklyn
Chicago
Cleveland
Dallas
Denver
Detroit
Houston
Las Vegas
Los Angeles
Miami
Minneapolis
New York
Philadelphia
Phoenix
Saint Louis
San Antonio
San Diego
San Jose


© 2017 CHAMBEROFCOMMERCE.COM























Bing Places for Business
























































































































Bing
 places for business


Sign in using your




Microsoft Account





Work Account





Google Account





Facebook Account

Don't have an account? Create one.




Scrap Connection Inc                                                                                                     - Houma                                             , LA         - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



LA



Houma



Scrap and Waste Materials



Wholesale - Metal Scrap And Waste Materials



                            Scrap Connection Inc
                                    



 





















S 


Scrap Connection Inc                                                                                                    
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



1954 HIGHWAY 182 HOUMA, LA 70364
Get Directions



(985) 868-0489
 





Business Info



 Founded 1987
 Incorporated LA
 Annual Revenue $2,361,434.00
 Employee Count 5
 Industries Wholesale - Metal Scrap And Waste Materials
 Contacts Brian Thibodeaux                                                                                                        







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Since 1987 the company has been providing Wholesale - Metal Scrap And Waste Materials. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







S

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.














Scrap Connection - home
Business tools for the scrap tradeWe help you find trustworthy business partnersOpen an accountTake on the market with our powerful platform.Get instant access to highly reputable, verified professionals.ConnectFind trustworthy new trading partners.TradePromote your offers and demands to over 1,000 companies.LearnKeep up to date on industry news, market pricing and events.Learn moreOver 1,000 companies choose Scrap Connection.We are proud to be part of their success.David ToewsTri Country Scrap Metals"We recommend anyone looking for verified, trustworthy and reliable scrap connections for ALL metal recycling aspects to join. In this business it's not what you know about the industry, it's who you know in the industry!"Jacco MaasCronimet Holland"I think that people should join Scrap Connection, because Chris and his passioned team have a good view on how the scrap business will evolve in the near future into a more efficient and safe way of doing business using their trading platform."Gautam GaneriwalMS Agarwal Foundries"Our first deal through Scrap Connection was the purchase of 500 MT of shredded steel. I was honestly very surprised about the competitive price that we got. Response time on the whole process was very good as well. Overall the platform is competitive comparing it to traditional channels"See how Scrap Connection will transform your businessIt takes 5 minutes to sign upSign up for freeScrap Connection featured on:Ready to make more profit?"Invest in Scrap Connection to benefit personally from our growth.
You'll have a real hand in shaping the future of the scrap industry."Chris YerbeyCEO - Scrap ConnectionFollow us for updatesShareInvest in  with  WeFunderLearn more about investingGetting StartedFeaturesPricingCompanyAbout UsContact SupportResourcesPrivacy PolicyTerms & ConditionsOur MissionScrap Connection is committed to making metal scrap trading easier by reducing trading risks.
By using technology to unify communication processes, we help eliminate market inefficiencies,
enabling users to focus less on tedious tasks and more on what matters most—running and growing their business.Follow us© Scrap Connection 2016The Green WebScrap Connection - home
Business tools for the scrap tradeWe help you find trustworthy business partnersOpen an accountTake on the market with our powerful platform.Get instant access to highly reputable, verified professionals.ConnectFind trustworthy new trading partners.TradePromote your offers and demands to over 1,000 companies.LearnKeep up to date on industry news, market pricing and events.Learn moreOver 1,000 companies choose Scrap Connection.We are proud to be part of their success.David ToewsTri Country Scrap Metals"We recommend anyone looking for verified, trustworthy and reliable scrap connections for ALL metal recycling aspects to join. In this business it's not what you know about the industry, it's who you know in the industry!"Jacco MaasCronimet Holland"I think that people should join Scrap Connection, because Chris and his passioned team have a good view on how the scrap business will evolve in the near future into a more efficient and safe way of doing business using their trading platform."Gautam GaneriwalMS Agarwal Foundries"Our first deal through Scrap Connection was the purchase of 500 MT of shredded steel. I was honestly very surprised about the competitive price that we got. Response time on the whole process was very good as well. Overall the platform is competitive comparing it to traditional channels"See how Scrap Connection will transform your businessIt takes 5 minutes to sign upSign up for freeScrap Connection featured on:Ready to make more profit?"Invest in Scrap Connection to benefit personally from our growth.
You'll have a real hand in shaping the future of the scrap industry."Chris YerbeyCEO - Scrap ConnectionFollow us for updatesShareInvest in  with  WeFunderLearn more about investingGetting StartedFeaturesPricingCompanyAbout UsContact SupportResourcesPrivacy PolicyTerms & ConditionsOur MissionScrap Connection is committed to making metal scrap trading easier by reducing trading risks.
By using technology to unify communication processes, we help eliminate market inefficiencies,
enabling users to focus less on tedious tasks and more on what matters most—running and growing their business.Follow us© Scrap Connection 2016The Green Web

Scrap Connection | AngelList





































































Join
 
Log In







AngelList


Startup Jobs

Recruit

Invest

More





Companies

Freelancers

Incubators

Track

Salaries
Valuations

Help











Your Alumni Network








Companies

Freelancers

Incubators

Track

Salaries
Valuations

Help



















 


Scrap Connection is on AngelList, where the world meets startups.

To connect with Scrap Connection,
sign up
for AngelList today.





Sign up
Log in


















Scrap Connection


B2B marketplace & trade services for the global trade of scrap metal & recyclables




Share

View 2 Jobs








View 2 Jobs












Amsterdam







Recycling · E-Commerce · Trade Platform · Risk Management






1-10

employees


















ScrapConnection.com







Sign up to see how you are connected to Scrap Connection






















Scrap Connection







Share



View Jobs








Company







Overview



Overview








There was a problem loading your content.



Product




Scrap Connection drastically reduces trading risks for companies that buy, sell or broker industrial recyclable materials in a $250billion/yr market. We have an online marketplace, and we're building in-depth business and market intelligence, end-to-end trade workflow management, and finance tools.… · More






Founders







Chris Yerbey

CEO
CEO at Scrap Connection B.V.







Funding






Seed

Sep 15, 2013


$330,000


at a

$2,668,000

valuation









Tamis Bouman













Seed

Oct  1, 2012


$60,000






Investors
from previous rounds







Eric de Groot

Investor
Senior partner at Boer & Croon a professional service firm specialised in strategy consutlint, corporate finance and management.








Tamis Bouman











Startupbootcamp


Startupbootcamp is a global network of industry focused startup accelerators.








Startupbootcamp Amsterdam


Part of the global network of industry-focused accelerators




Incubator






Startupbootcamp


Startupbootcamp is a global network of industry focused startup accelerators.







Team



Employees







S.A Hasan

Business Relations








Brendan Jones

Communications Manager
Highly analytical Communications Manager exp in: social media & marketing, user onboarding flow, content creation, product dev & testing, customer care & more.








David Kelly

CTO






Advisors







Jonathan Marks


Scrap Connection is making innovative use of video in its media strategy. I also have an understanding of how social media works (what's hot or not). 








Thijs Gitmans


Strong team aiming to change an old school industry. They've got the skills, industry knowledge and perseverance to do it!








Ruud Hendriks


Strong motivated team headed by a great experienced CEO in a field with huge potential. Need I say more?








Patrick De Zeeuw


Scrapconnection consists of a strong team with people who know the scrap markets around the world and challenges the market has. Scrapconnection might distrupt the traditional way of trading scrap metal.








Jasper Wognum


Scrap Connection brings value to a business they know very well by creating a scalable solution to challenges they've dealt with themselves.








Gerald Hensel


Simply because I believed in their business idea from day 1.



View all 8 Advisors




Jobs


Back-End Developer with Ruby Experience


Full Time
·
Amsterdam

€40k - €60k · 2.0 - 5.0%





B2B Sales / Business Development Representative


Full Time
·
Amsterdam

€20k - €25k · No equity









Sent





Apply now







Which position are you applying for?



Back-End Developer with Ruby Experience

B2B Sales / Business Development Representative




Add a message to Scrap Connection



Apply










View Details





People also viewed



FindHotel
Hotel Search - The Next Generation





3D Hubs
World's largest network of 3D printers





Dimebox
Payment Technology Provider





Usabilla
Visual feedback from your users to...





Crobox
Persuasion as a Service





Passenger
Easy. Smart. Mileage Tracking.





Lone Rooftop
Building Intelligence





Convious
A.I. Driven Sales Platform














Help
·
Directory
·
Blog
Twitter
·
Terms & Risks
·
Unsubscribe

·
Mobile



·
Desktop


·

Profile not verified












Scrap Connection | Market intelligence and trading tools for recycling industry professionals | Wefunder




































































































SUMMARY
QUOTES
VISUALS

                  TEAM
              
INVESTORS
Details
Risks




















            by Wefunder Portal LLC
          



Invest in
          Scrap Connection
        
Market intelligence and trading tools for recycling industry professionals
















1141
investors

                      $726,349
                  

                      raised of $50K-$1.07M goal
                  



Future Equity (SAFE)


$4.5M valuation cap | 15% discount



A SAFE gives you the right to future shares in Scrap Connection. If you invest, you're betting the company will be worth more than $4.5M in the future.




                    by Wefunder Portal LLC
                



              follow for updates



              share
            



                tweet
              



investor perks 



$1,000+

              Have a voice in our direction. You'll have the opportunity to contribute and give feedback on our product planning process.
            




$2,500+

              All the perks from the previous level, plus:

This is the trinket level. All crowd funding perk plans must have one, so here it is. :)

Choose two items from our trinket list, such as a Scrap Connection T-shirt, golf shirt, cap, coffee mug or phone case.
            




$5,000+

              All the perks from the previous levels, plus:

We consider you a top tier investor. Therefore, we will include you on all major investor updates which go out to our private investors. In these updates, we share our strategy for the coming year, our monthly execution plan and progress.
            

              Scrap Connection members will receive the bronze Investment Partner badge to display on your personal or company profile. This indicates your status as a highly valuable community member.
            




$10,000+

              All the perks from the previous levels, plus:

Spend a day with Scrap Connection in Amsterdam. We will give you a behind the scenes tour of our offices. Meet the team and get an inside peek at what we are working on currently. We will also give you a special presentation introducing the products that we have on the drawing board.

After the workday is over, join the team for a guided boat tour of the beautiful canals of Amsterdam. We'll take in a few sights and you'll enjoy a nice dinner on us. 

*Travel and hotel expenses are your (tax deductible) business expense.
            

              Scrap Connection members will receive the silver Investment Partner badge to display on your personal or company profile. This indicates your status as a highly valuable community member.
            




$25,000+

              All the perks from the previous levels, plus:

You will be considered a "major investor" with additional share ownership rights as specified in the SAFE (Simple Agreement for Future Equity) including the right to vote your shares and participate in all shareholder meetings in person or by proxy and Pro Rata Rights which allow you to purchase more shares in future funding rounds to avoid dilution.
            

              Scrap Connection members will receive the gold Investment Partner badge to display on your personal or company profile. This indicates your status as a highly valuable community member.
            



        See $5,000, $10,000, & $25,000 perks
      











Company Profile
UPDATES (10)
ASK  QUESTION







“Scrap Connection is a global platform providing B2B software solutions to companies that buy, sell or broker recyclable materials. We connect scrap professionals to facilitate trade in a $250 Billion market. Our services include in-depth business and market intelligence, an online marketplace, and end-to-end trade workflow management and finance tools.



Chris Yerbey
Founder & CEO, Scrap Connection




Key Facts

Revolutionizing the $250 billion scrap market.
Potential to provide $200 million of value per year to scrap companies.
1,000 new companies joined in the last two years.
Sold more than $10 million of scrap metal to date through our marketplace.
First Pick of 525 startups for participation in Startup Bootcamp Amsterdam 2012 accelerator program. (Tech Stars Affiliate.)

Our Ambition
We aim to become the most trusted platform for services centered around the trade of recyclables. Our goal is to have $2 billion of the annual global scrap trade being conducted on our platform by 2020. Business intelligence on trading partners and competitors, financial services, documentation tools, and arbitration are just some of the elements we will combine to reduce massive financial risks and market inefficiencies.
Documents



                    2016_Scrap_Market_Overview_-_learn_about_the_scrap_trade.pdf
                  



                    Stratifund_Report_-_Scrap_Connection_v.2.pdf
                  



                    Recommendation_by_First_Stage_Investor.pdf
                  



                    Scrap_Connection_Investor_Pitch_Deck_updated.pdf
                  



                    Financial Statements 2014 & 2015.pdf
                  



                    Scrap Connection BV Financial Statements 2014.pdf
                  



                    Scrap Connection BV Financial Statements 2015.pdf
                  





scrapconnection.com




from Muscle Shoals AL


scrap
scrap metal
recycling
b2b
saas
marketplace
trade
trading
import
export
tech
software
infrastructure
crowdfunding
b2b









investor perks 



$1,000+

              Have a voice in our direction. You'll have the opportunity to contribute and give feedback on our product planning process.
            




$2,500+

              All the perks from the previous level, plus:

This is the trinket level. All crowd funding perk plans must have one, so here it is. :)

Choose two items from our trinket list, such as a Scrap Connection T-shirt, golf shirt, cap, coffee mug or phone case.
            




$5,000+

              All the perks from the previous levels, plus:

We consider you a top tier investor. Therefore, we will include you on all major investor updates which go out to our private investors. In these updates, we share our strategy for the coming year, our monthly execution plan and progress.
            

              Scrap Connection members will receive the bronze Investment Partner badge to display on your personal or company profile. This indicates your status as a highly valuable community member.
            




$10,000+

              All the perks from the previous levels, plus:

Spend a day with Scrap Connection in Amsterdam. We will give you a behind the scenes tour of our offices. Meet the team and get an inside peek at what we are working on currently. We will also give you a special presentation introducing the products that we have on the drawing board.

After the workday is over, join the team for a guided boat tour of the beautiful canals of Amsterdam. We'll take in a few sights and you'll enjoy a nice dinner on us. 

*Travel and hotel expenses are your (tax deductible) business expense.
            

              Scrap Connection members will receive the silver Investment Partner badge to display on your personal or company profile. This indicates your status as a highly valuable community member.
            




$25,000+

              All the perks from the previous levels, plus:

You will be considered a "major investor" with additional share ownership rights as specified in the SAFE (Simple Agreement for Future Equity) including the right to vote your shares and participate in all shareholder meetings in person or by proxy and Pro Rata Rights which allow you to purchase more shares in future funding rounds to avoid dilution.
            

              Scrap Connection members will receive the gold Investment Partner badge to display on your personal or company profile. This indicates your status as a highly valuable community member.
            



        See $5,000, $10,000, & $25,000 perks
      












Invest in
            Scrap Connection
          
Market intelligence and trading tools for recycling industry professionals

“Scrap Connection is a global platform providing B2B software solutions to companies that buy, sell or broker recyclable materials. We connect scrap professionals to facilitate trade in a $250 Billion market. Our services include in-depth business and market intelligence, an online marketplace, and end-to-end trade workflow management and finance tools.



Chris Yerbey
Founder & CEO, Scrap Connection








Future Equity (SAFE)


$4.5M valuation cap | 15% discount






A SAFE gives you the right to future shares in Scrap Connection. If you invest, you're betting the company will be worth more than $4.5M in the future.




investor perks 


$1,000+


                        Have a voice in our direction. You'll have the opportunity to contribute and give feedback on our product planning process.
                      



$2,500+


                        All the perks from the previous level, plus:

This is the trinket level. All crowd funding perk plans must have one, so here it is. :)

Choose two items from our trinket list, such as a Scrap Connection T-shirt, golf shirt, cap, coffee mug or phone case.
                      



$5,000+


                        All the perks from the previous levels, plus:

We consider you a top tier investor. Therefore, we will include you on all major investor updates which go out to our private investors. In these updates, we share our strategy for the coming year, our monthly execution plan and progress.
                      

                        Scrap Connection members will receive the bronze Investment Partner badge to display on your personal or company profile. This indicates your status as a highly valuable community member.
                      



$10,000+


                        All the perks from the previous levels, plus:

Spend a day with Scrap Connection in Amsterdam. We will give you a behind the scenes tour of our offices. Meet the team and get an inside peek at what we are working on currently. We will also give you a special presentation introducing the products that we have on the drawing board.

After the workday is over, join the team for a guided boat tour of the beautiful canals of Amsterdam. We'll take in a few sights and you'll enjoy a nice dinner on us. 

*Travel and hotel expenses are your (tax deductible) business expense.
                      

                        Scrap Connection members will receive the silver Investment Partner badge to display on your personal or company profile. This indicates your status as a highly valuable community member.
                      



$25,000+


                        All the perks from the previous levels, plus:

You will be considered a "major investor" with additional share ownership rights as specified in the SAFE (Simple Agreement for Future Equity) including the right to vote your shares and participate in all shareholder meetings in person or by proxy and Pro Rata Rights which allow you to purchase more shares in future funding rounds to avoid dilution.
                      

                        Scrap Connection members will receive the gold Investment Partner badge to display on your personal or company profile. This indicates your status as a highly valuable community member.
                      



                  See $5,000, $10,000, & $25,000 perks
                




“Scrap Connection is a global platform providing B2B software solutions to companies that buy, sell or broker recyclable materials. We connect scrap professionals to facilitate trade in a $250 Billion market. Our services include in-depth business and market intelligence, an online marketplace, and end-to-end trade workflow management and finance tools.



Chris Yerbey
Founder & CEO, Scrap Connection




Our Ambition
We aim to become the most trusted platform for services centered around the trade of recyclables. Our goal is to have $2 billion of the annual global scrap trade being conducted on our platform by 2020. Business intelligence on trading partners and competitors, financial services, documentation tools, and arbitration are just some of the elements we will combine to reduce massive financial risks and market inefficiencies.
Key Facts

Revolutionizing the $250 billion scrap market.
Potential to provide $200 million of value per year to scrap companies.
1,000 new companies joined in the last two years.
Sold more than $10 million of scrap metal to date through our marketplace.
First Pick of 525 startups for participation in Startup Bootcamp Amsterdam 2012 accelerator program. (Tech Stars Affiliate.)

Documents



                2016_Scrap_Market_Overview_-_learn_about_the_scrap_trade.pdf
              


                Stratifund_Report_-_Scrap_Connection_v.2.pdf
              


                Recommendation_by_First_Stage_Investor.pdf
              


                Scrap_Connection_Investor_Pitch_Deck_updated.pdf
              


                Financial Statements 2014 & 2015.pdf
              


                Scrap Connection BV Financial Statements 2014.pdf
              


                Scrap Connection BV Financial Statements 2015.pdf
              




scrapconnection.com




from Muscle Shoals AL


scrap
scrap metal
recycling
b2b
saas
marketplace
trade
trading
import
export
tech
software
infrastructure
crowdfunding
b2b












Invest in
              Scrap Connection
            
Market intelligence and trading tools for recycling industry professionals








            follow  us for updates



10 UPDATES
513 Followers





              share
            



                tweet
              
 




1141
investors


                    $726,349
                

                    raised of $50K-$1.07M goal
                





                    by Wefunder Portal LLC
                  



















THE BUZZ ABOUT SCRAP CONNECTION




Scrap Connection was my first pick amongst all other companies at Startup Bootcamp. It's a brilliant idea now put into practice. This is what this sector urgently needs: Trust, Reliability and Transparency


Eric de Groot

Owner and Founder, RevelX & Scrap Connection advisor & investor




The able team at Scrap Connection is headed by Mr. Chris Yerbey. He has always been a relationship builder, and the vision for the company looks great. I personally believe all vendors and scrap users should join and utilize Scrap Connection. It makes sourcing easier, with more competitive prices, and it's a great time saver.


Gautam Ganariwal

Owner, MS Agarwal Foundries Pvt. Ltd.




I think that people should join Scrap Connection, because Chris and his passioned team have a good view on how the scrap business will evolve in the near future into a more efficient and safe way of doing business using their trading platform.


Jacco Maas

Trader at Cronimet Holland




Scrap Connection for us brings together a guide, if you will, within the present and into the future of the metal recycling industry pricing, news and most importantly connections! We recommend anyone looking for verified, trustworthy and reliable scrap connections for ALL metal recycling aspects to join; in this business it's not what you know about the industry, it's who you know in the industry!


David Teows

General Manager, Tri County Scrap Metals, LLC




Scrap Connection brings differentiated value to buyers and sellers that is unmatched in this sector. Their keen focus to provide exceptional customer service and to do what's right will help them and their community members win in the marketplace!


Bryan van Vranken

Vice President, Liberty Mutual Insurance & Scrap Connection advisor




I like it when startups try to bring the "old world" to the "new world". That's where opportunities lie. However, given the nature of these middle man driven markets it's not an easy job the guys at Scrap Connection are trying to pull. But they seem very determined to make it a success. And I am confident they will, given their industry background combined with strong online focus.


Thijs Gitmans

Fund Manager, Mainport Innovation Fund II




I'm right behind Scrap Connection, sharing my knowledge and networks. I'm convinced they're very well positioned to be successful, mixing leading edge innovation with an existing proven business model and technology to serve a new market. Scrap Connection has the power to solve big challenges within this sector.


Hans Klomp

Econic Program Manager, ABN AMRO Bank




I've researched various community platforms and the way they build trust. I believe Scrap Connection fulfils a serious need and this team has the experience to both build, run and grow it. I'm impressed by the technology they are using to make the transaction as simple as possible for both parties.


Johnathan Marks

International media advisor working out of New York, London and Amsterdam.




Scrap Connection's value proposition and team is second to none. I have been onboard since day one, and am excited for the future. The operational efficiencies, transparency, and security that their business model brings to a terribly inefficient marketplace is going to create a paradigm shift in the industry where everyone wins!


Bryce Giemza

Former VP of Finance at a Fortune 500 company & Scrap Connection advisor




Having worked in the brokerage environment I understand the need for the transparent and efficient exchange Scrap Connection has built. I believe the team has the knowledge, network and dedication to change the world of scrap metal trading.


Coen Frank

Director Fundraising & Investor Relations, Goodwell Investments












Scrap Connection uses crowd-funding to help counter fraud 
March 27, 2017
The Netherlands: Tech start-up Scrap Connection is fighting to minimise risks encountered by buyers, sellers and brokers of scrap materials - a mission that is backed by a 'highly successful' crowd-funding campaign that has raised over US$ 340 000 to date.
03
27
2017









Startup wants to reduce risks in scrap trading - E-Scrap 
March 23, 2017
A tech startup is developing a new product to verify trustworthiness among traders of electronic scrap and other recyclable materials. Scrap Connection plans to offer reports on companies in the scrap materials trading industry, using information gleaned from confidential reviews ...Continue Reading→
03
23
2017









New Recommendation: Scrap Connection - Early Investing 
February 27, 2017
I'm excited to announce our newest recommendation. The company is called Scrap Connection. Before I get into why we're recommending this company, a little backstory... I've done a couple of mildly interesting things in my life. One was heading a trade and financing company based in Asia. It was fun.
02
27
2017









Scrap Connection in Top 10% on Stratifund 
November 17, 2016
Scrap Connection is a global platform providing B2B software solutions to companies that buy, sell or broker recyclable materials. The company connects scrap professionals with services including in-depth business and market intelligence, an online marketplace, and end-to-end trade workflow management and finance tools.
11
17
2016









Acerium - Scrap Connection Partnership 
April 11, 2016
Acerium is proud to announce a new partnership with Scrap Connection, the world’s leading open marketplace for scrap metal products. Founded by industry veterans with decades of experience, Scrap Connection brings scrap metal recycling companies, brokers, traders and end-users together through a trusted ecosystem of verified members. The partnership between Scrap Connection and Acerium promises to simplify business development and trade settlement in the scrap industry.
04
11
2016









Five recyclers list material on Scrap Connection in first online auction 
July 17, 2012
Metal Bulletin
07
17
2012









Scrap Connection trading platform goes live 
July 16, 2012
Responding to the perceived need for a 'safer and more efficient trading environment', the newly-founded Scrap Connection launched an industry-specific digital marketplace on July 12. The on-line platform serves to connect communities worldwide and 'provides a market that never sleeps', says CEO Chris Yerbey.
07
16
2012









New platform for e-trade of steel scrap lists first material - Metals | Platts News Article &amp; Story 
July 16, 2012
Scrap Connection, the electronic platform for physical trading of containerized scrap, listed its first transactions Thursday as it formally launched with a ceremony on the trading floor of the Amsterdam Stock Exchange
07
16
2012









Scrap Connection platform to start with ferrous trading 
July 12, 2012
Scrap trading platform Scrap Connection will begin with ferrous material trades when it is launched on Thursday July 12, a spokesman for the company told Metal Bulletin. The company said last week that it will launch an online marketplace at 15:00 local time on July 12 at the Amsterdam Stock Exchange.
07
12
2012









Scrap Connection to launch online exchange for scrap metals 
July  5, 2012
Scrap Connection will launch an online exchange through an auction mechanism for trading metal scrap on Thursday July 12, the Netherlands-based business-to-business marketplace said.
07
 5
2012



























view all press  & quotes










The safest way to trade recyclables
We provide in-depth market information for scrap companies to make the best deals













Connect
- Search our network of verified companies- Compare companies with information-rich profiles- Contact leads directly













Learn
Stay up to date with the industry:- Daily news- Prices & price sharing- Events calendar













Trade
- Quickly create buy or sell offers from anywhere- Promote business to over 1000 recycling companies- Instant matching of supply and demand needs













What we're building
Premium company reports: even more in-depth company data to assess potential and current trading partners, and even competitors. Use each report to analyse trading habits and history.See snapshots below, or full example report here: i.imgur.com/1JAxATw.png


















Our growth
We've grown from 125 to 1000 companies in under two years













Scrap Connection allows companies to trade safely
From scrap yard to mill, risks are reduced





































Our Deck
Who we are, what we're fixing, and why.
































Years of experience and connections
See more of our photos at www.scrapconnection.phanfare.com































Our Webinars
































  Founder       














Chris Yerbey
Founder & CEO
 
       12-year scrap industry veteran. Serial entrepreneur with 5 successful companies including 1 tech startup. Alabama native now based in the hottest tech startup center of Europe: Amsterdam!
    





and the rest of the team





Hasan Sharif
Head of Operations - Pakistan

 An outstanding business development manager, Hasan almost single-handedly built Scrap Connection’s largest customer market in Pakistan.
    











Brendan Jones
Communications Manager

 Brendan's the team's swiss army knife. He does everything from managing the customer journey to media to software testing to market info and content. And he loves it.
    











David Kelly
CTO

 David wrote his first business application at age 16 and has now been crafting the technology that grows startups for almost three decades.
    











Ashwani Dutt
Head of Operations - India

 Ashwani's knowledge of import & export as a seasoned company owner & trader is crucial to Scrap Connection's strategy & growth.
    











Poonam Dhiman Bansal
Customer Support

 Poonam works diligently to verify our quickly growing membership base. She’s also responsible for the news, pricing and events for our community. 
    



















                 raised
                 $1,174,149 
                 from 1141+ investors


              funding history
            


$20,000 

                    February 2012


                  accelerator
                


$12,000 

                    September 2012


                  Convertible Note
                


$330,000 

                    September 2013


                  Convertible Note
                


$85,800 

                    June 2016


                  Convertible Note
                


$726,349 

                    In Progress
                








Andrew Douglas VanderPloeg
Passionate about everything business.

Finance Manager at Boston Globe Media Partners.

Babson (Olin) 2017 MBA Candidate





Richard Stokvis
Interested in businesses that bring innovative healthcare solutions





Randy Kirk
Retired from government, started my own business, invested in Reg A start-ups, author of published book.





Michael Vos






David Friedman






Rem Darbinyan
Co-founder of ProDiagnose, first of its kind on-demand ultrasound service.




  
                more investors
              




                more investors
              










Details

 Expand all



                  Why did you start Scrap Connection?
                  



To fix some big problems.Our founder, Chris Yerbey, has been in the scrap business for over 12 years. He started out brokering, and later traded internationally. Over the years, he and his partner built up a very successful business, but as revenue increased so did their exposure to financial risks. Fraud, contract cancellations, and losses in settlement of quality claims plague every honest buyer, seller and broker of scrap materials. With experience in platform based technology gained from his previous startup, he had a unique cross-industry perspective on how to solve the very problems he was experiencing as a trader. Motivated to use his knowledge to help others avoid these types of losses, Chris founded Scrap Connection in 2012.




                  Why should I invest?
                  



Two reasons:

Financial: Because you agree that Scrap Connection's solutions can provide massive financial value to the industry and that we have the team, knowledge and vision to make it happen. You expect a sound return on investment because of this.

Personal:Because you're sick of dodgy characters taking advantage of honest people. It's time to change the scrap industry for the better, and you want to help Scrap Connection achieve that. If you're in the industry, you want to trade without risk.

Our team has years of experience dealing with the problems we are now building products to solve, and also with building technology platforms to solve problems in a traditional industry. We are trying to solve a big problem that could potentially create enormous value for a huge market. If we are successful, our investors could see returns of 10x – 50x in a few years.




                  What's new about what you're making? How is it different?
                  



Put simply, we're a first mover. Services for scrap trading exist online, but none with the scope or approach we're aiming for. We see the potential to provide massive value through the reduction of risk, quality claims, contract cancellations, and workflow inefficiencies.

Much of the scrap business operates in a quite old-fashioned (low tech) way, but we believe the sheer value of our services gives a strong incentive for businesses to take advantage of the solutions we're creating.




                  How do you make money?
                  



Through a low monthly membership fee currently. Our strategy in the short term is to keep the barrier to entry as low as possible in order to grow the membership base, thereby increasing the value of the network. In the near future, we will implement new features accessible on a pay-per-use basis. For example, we intend to earn money from company reports containing in-depth information on new and existing trading partners, which members would typically download before booking a new order or when doing market research. Other features will include the ability to book low cost shipping, and financial products such as escrow payments (already in place), foreign exchange, LC finance, and insurance.




                  How big can you be?
                  



We aim to have $2 billion of the annual global scrap trade being conducted on our platform by 2020. As we offer more and more pay-per-use services centered around trades, we calculate that our revenue as a percentage of transactions will reach 0.25% or $5 million per year. Using PE ratios for technology companies, the estimated value of our company at this level would be more than $100 million. But $2 billion of trade is less than 1% of the $250 billion scrap market. Upon reaching that milestone, we would pursue a 10% share of the market, and more. This would push the value of our company above the $1 billion mark.




                  I don't know anything about scrap. Can you explain it for me?
                  



Sure thing. The waste management industry is one of the biggest industries that you never think about. Around US$250 billion of scrap is traded globally every year, including metals, paper, plastics, glass, rubber, etc. "Scrap" could actually a bad word for it, because it's not rubbish at all; for example 88% of all steel is recycled.

You've probably seen your local scrap yard stacked with old cars, but that's not the only place scrap comes from. Other sources include the demolition of buildings and equipment, off-cuts/waste from industrial processes, and municipal waste collection services.

Who buys the scrap? Well, depending on the material, the country, and what the market is doing, roughly two-thirds of scrap is bought & sold domestically. The remainder is shipped in containers or in bulk overseas. It's bought by industrial mills who melt the scrap down, remove any impurities, and shape it into new products to be sold.




                  What problems are you actually solving?
                  



Despite being an old industry, there's a lot of room for incurring loss in the scrap industry. We estimate these losses cost companies over $200 million a year. Here are the main causes, which we're aiming to solve:

Material quality claims: Claims happen, and for good reason: sometimes the material the buyer receives just isn't what they thought they were buying. Maybe it's poorer quality than expected; maybe it's gone rusty over the journey because it was wet when it was loaded into the shipping container. It could be in different size pieces, and therefore requires further treatment before processing. There's a myriad of reasons (not all of them scrupulous), and a lot of them can be solved by better communication and documentation so expectations are managed.

Fraud:Sometimes, you need to buy from a new source. The source might seem legit, but when your shipment arrives, it might be full of very low quality material or perhaps include no material at all. We aim to drastically reduce the chance of that happening with our verification and business intelligence tools.

Contract cancellation:The price of scrap changes every day. Sometimes, it changes so much that the financial benefit of backing out of a deal appears to outweigh the cost of losing a trading partner and having them tell everyone they know not to do business with you. We plan to track deals as they happen so that we can reward honest players and flag dodgy dealers for everybody to see.

Material quality and claims:Recyclable raw materials are typically waste products that have been processed in order to remove impurities that can cause problems in the process of making new materials like steel, aluminium and plastics. These materials can be handled multiple times between the point of creation (demolition of a building, shredding of a car, trimming plastic parts, etc) and the point of use. At each stage, material quality can be improved or worsened, often unintentionally. At the end of the supply chain, the buyer of the material is stuck with it for better or for worse, because they already paid for it. When quality is less than expected, the buyer will file a claim for a partial refund. In the end, the buyer wants a fair settlement and the supplier wants to be sure the claim is genuine.

We aim to improve this claims process by first ensuring that both parties remain accountable for a fair resolution. We will provide inspection services and technology tools which reduce miscommunications regarding quality, while keeping all of the conversations, documentation and photos surrounding a transaction in one place for both parties to easily review. When a rapid solution cannot be found, we can forward the details about the entire transaction to an arbitration firm to help both parties reach a mediated settlement. 

Fragmented services:There are a multitude of financial, transport, and documentation services needed when trading in scrap, especially internationally. Some of these are accessible online, but not efficiently. We see that bringing all the services together onto one platform can dramatically streamline workflows.




                  Isn't the scrap business a bit dodgy?
                  



Our services are focussed on industrial-scale B2B trade. Shady characters stealing copper wiring in the dead of the night to sell to their local scrap yard certainly exist, but that's not who uses our services.

We connect scrap yards, waste companies, traders and brokers with industrial mills who buy the scrap to melt it down into new finished and semi-finished products, like steel. That said, there's still a lack of oversight and accountability in the industry, which leads to problems in itself, and which we aim to solve.




                  How do you acquire customers?
                  



At the moment through word-of-mouth and campaigns on social media platforms that we focus towards industry groups. This has provided us with steady growth until now, but as we look to scale even more we'll be adding dedicated sales hustlers to our team in the near future.




                  What's your biggest risk? What keeps you up at night?
                  



Honestly, it's how to convince everyone in the scrap industry that the minor short-term pain of slightly changing how they work is worth the major long-term financial gains delivered through vastly reducing their exposure to risk, quality claims and contract cancellations.

It's a good thing we're passionate and believe in our solutions!




                  Are you just in metals? What about other verticals?
                  



Our experience is with the metals market, so we're starting with what we know. Once we're happy with the product, however, we see no reason why it can't be expanded to other recyclables and any other commodity traded in a spot market.We've already opened up our platform to plastic and e-scrap recyclers.

Essentially we see our product being useful to any company that trades in industrial raw materials.




                  Who are your competitors? How are you different?
                  



There are a number of companies already offering company info and buy/sell listing services online, specific to the scrap industry. The problems in the industry aren't just solved by simply bringing everyone online, however; in fact they're probably compounded.

Our difference is our focus on verification, accountability, and hard data to give our customers real insight into which companies they should be dealing with.




                  How will you scale?
                  



Our platform is designed to scale by its very nature. Our customers are incentivised to invite their contacts, because the more contacts a company has on Scrap Connection, the more value they receive. Therefore, our current users are our most important asset for scaling.




                  What is crowdfunding?
                  



There are two types of crowdfunding: rewards-based crowdfunding and equity crowdfunding. We're using equity crowdfunding.

Rewards-based crowdfunding (like on Kickstarter and Indiegogo) is where you give a company money to produce a product you believe in, and in return the company might give you a reward, such as a copy of the product, or public recognition. But if the company goes on to make millions, you don't get any of the profits! This is why we're using equity crowdfunding; we want our investors to profit themselves.

Equity crowdfunding is the process where people (i.e. the ‘crowd’) invest in an early-stage, unlisted company (a company that is not listed on a stock market, like Scrap Connection) in exchange for shares in that company. A shareholder has partial ownership of a company and stands to profit should the company do well. Unlike traditional investing, each person can invest as little as $200.

Investing in a startup at an early stage can be extremely profitable. If you'd invested $500 in Google back in 1998, it'd be worth $10M today. A $500 investment in Tumblr when it first started would be worth $750K today. These are just a couple of examples of young companies that were acquired for hundreds of millions, even billions, of dollars, making their earliest investors fantastically rich.

However, examples like Google and Tumblr are extremely rare, and only 1 in 10 startups provide a significant return for their investors.

Out of every 10 startups:

3 startups fail, go bankrupt, or the business closes.3 startups are worse than average, aren’t very profitable, and return less than the invested capital, but are still active.3 startups are a moderate success, are profitable, and return just the invested capital. They are not acquired yet and are still active.1 highly successful startup will pay the investor a multiple return on his investment. That startup has an IPO or is the target of a significant acquisition.

Here are some great resources to learn more:

Wefunder FAQ: "How do I earn a return?"

Video [3 mins]: "Why Invest Through Equity Crowdfunding?" (just ignore when she talks about 'Americans' - everyone can invest in Scrap Connection!)

A great in-depth equity crowdfunding video tutorial [25 mins]: "Crowdfund Investing 101"

Also, check out this interview on Mad Money [6 mins]: "Investing In Startups"




                  Why did you choose to use crowdfunding instead of traditional investment?
                  



We believe we can change the industry by creating the most trustworthy trading network in the world. And we need the industry’s support to make that happen. Through crowdfunding, we can now offer shares in Scrap Connection, allowing others to participate financially in our success.

By investing, industry professionals can both enact change in the industry, and make a profit.

Of 191 industry professionals we surveyed in July 2016, 51% said they’d be interested in investing in Scrap Connection, with amounts totalling over $240K. That belief in the demand for our product is hugely motivating, and it encouraged us to launch this crowdfunding campaign.




                  How do I invest?
                  



For any questions you have about investing, please first read Wefunder's very comprehensive investor FAQ: https://wefunder.com/faq/investors. Otherwise, please ask us below and we'll be happy to answer!




                  Can I invest if I'm not in the U.S.?
                  



Yes, absolutely!

Just be aware that you're subject to your own country's securities laws. Essentially, you can invest unless the law of your country prevents you from investing.

Also be aware that when you go to invest, the payment options on WeFunder look like they're only for US investors. Never fear! It's quite easy. To do a transfer from your bank to WeFunder, select the 'wire' option, and WeFunder will give you more instructions about how and where to send your money.




                  How do I transfer money to WeFunder from outside the U.S.?
                  



The payment options on WeFunder look like they're only for US investors. Never fear! It's quite easy. To do a transfer from your bank to WeFunder, select the 'wire' option, and WeFunder will give you more instructions about how and where to send your money.

One great option for transferring your money to WeFunder is https://transferwise.com. They're much cheaper than most foreign exchange options because they use the actual exchange rate, and only make money off of their small fee. (No, we don't have any connection to them, we just think they're great. We love good tech!)




                  Should I/we invest as an individual or a company?
                  



Either. We absolutely accept investments from companies. For companies who have lost money in the past due to fraud, contracts being backed out of, and/or bad material quality claims, investing is a great way to support us in building a solution to those problems (and hopefully make a return on investment, also). Individuals who believe in our vision can also invest separately to their company.

How much have you or your company lost due to cancelled contracts and fraud in the last 10 years? If you were to invest 5% of those losses in the solution, not only could you decrease losses in the future, but with a possible ROI of 10x – 50x, the losses could be recovered! Plus, you would have a say in our product development.








  
                   Read All Answers
                
  
                  View All Questions
                










        Ask a Question
      














Risks Specific to Scrap Connection


1.
The following trends or uncertainties could affect our financial condition, including the liquidity, cash flow and capital resources described below:The Company’s operations may be unprofitable, and may result in the total loss of investment.


2.
                  While the Company believes in good faith that its business plans have a reasonable chance of success, the operation of the Company are ultimately speculative and involve the possibility of a total loss of investment, due to any number of considerations. Investment is suitable only for individuals who are financially able to withstand total loss of their investment.
                

3.
                  The success of the Company is highly dependent upon the ability of its CEO and management team, to attract and retain qualified managers and other personnel in a competitive environment.
                

4.
                  Growth of the company will require the recruitment, retention, and integration of additional highly qualified individuals. Even if such people can be hired, the projected growth in staff could present further management risks. The market for qualified personnel is highly competitive and there can be no assurance that any critical positions can be filled on a timely basis.
                

5.
                  The Company’s revenue model may be impaired or change. The Company’s success depends mainly on its ability to receive revenue as earnings from the Company’s software as a Service platform. The company may generate but retain some or all of the earnings for growth and development of its business and accordingly, not make distributions to the shareholders. If the Company does not generate revenue, its business, financial condition, and operating results will be materially adversely affected.
                

6.
                  The company intends to use a significant portion of the proceeds from the offering for unspecified working capital. The offering proceeds will be used by the Company in the ways management deems most effective towards the Company’s goals. This means that although we definitely have plans for the proceeds (focused on sales, marketing, and product development) the Company will have ultimate discretion to use the proceeds as it sees fit and the Company has chosen not to limit the Company’s use of the funds to specific uses that investors could evaluate. Such portion of the proceeds from this offering will be used for the purpose that the company’s management deems to be in its best interest in order to address changed circumstances or opportunities. As a result of the foregoing, the Company’s success will be substantially dependent upon its discretion and judgement with respect to application and allocation of such portion of the proceeds of this Offering. The company may choose to use the proceeds in the manner that the investors do not agree with and investor may have no recourse. A use of proceeds that does not further the Company’s business and goals could harm the Company and its operations, and ultimately cause an investor to lose all or portion of his or her investment.
                

7.
                  From time to time, third parties may claim that one or more of the Company’s products infringe their intellectual property rights.
                

8.
                  The company has received no notices or indications otherwise and believes they have not infringed on anyone else’s IP rights. That said, the Company’s technology-driven business is highly dependent on the Company’s intellectual property. While the Company believes in good faith that it has robust rights to all intellectual property needed for its business, any dispute or litigation regarding intellectual property could be costly and time consuming due to the uncertainty of the intellectual property litigation and could divert the Company’s management and key personnel from its business operation. A claim of intellectual property infringement could force the Company to enter into costly or restrictive license agreement, which may not be available under acceptable terms or at all, could require the Company to redesign or relabel its products ,which would be costly and time consuming, and/or could subject the Company to an injunction against sale of certain of its products. The Company may have to pay substantial damages, including damages for the past infringement, if it is ultimately determined that its products infringe a third party’s proprietary rights.
                

9.
                  The Company has a small team, and the loss of key team members, and especially the loss or death of the founder Chris Yerbey, could harm the company’s ability to implement their plans.
                

10.
                  The Company could be harmed in the event of the death or disability of founder Chris Yerbey. Likewise, key team members could leave or become unable to serve, decreasing the Company’s ability to achieve its goals. The company also leverages the global talent pool and political risks, natural disasters, communication outrages and other factors can make team member unavailable or otherwise impact our ability to keep operating at current efficiency.
                

11.
                  The Company may need more money.
                

12.
                  The Company not might sell enough securities in this offering to meet its operating needs and fulfill its plans, in which case the Company might need to reduce sales & marketing, engineering, or other expenses. Were recurring revenue to decrease, further cuts would be needed and hurt the Company’s ability to meet its goals. Even if the Company raises the entire round successfully, we may need to raise more capital in the future in order to continue. Even if we do make successful offering(s) in the future, the terms of that offering might result in your investment in the company being worth less because of the terms of future investment rounds.
                

13.
                  The Company may not be profitable, nor be sold for an amount able to recoup this investment.
                

14.
                  The market for technology companies is not predictable. While we may be able to sell the company for its technology, client relationships, team or other factors, there is no guarantee that it can be sold, nor that it will become profitable, nor that it will reach an Initial Public Offering (IPO). Even if those do occur, there is no guarantee that investor returns will be positive.
                

15.
                  The Company’s securities may not be marketable.
                

16.
                  Even if the Company is successful, an investor may want immediate access to the then net worth of the investment, but selling private securities can be difficult or impossible. In this case, an investor may need to wait until a liquidity event, and there are no guarantees one will occur.
                

17.
                  Scrap Connection Inc. operates currently as a holding company for its Dutch based subsidiary, Scrap Connection BV. All business development and tech development carried out from their offices in the Netherlands, Pakistan and India are managed and paid for by Scrap Connection BV. 99% of Scrap Connection, Inc.'s assets are comprised of its interest in it’s foreign subsidiary. This represents amounts advanced to Scrap Connection BV primarily from investments in previous rounds of funding. Scrap Connection BV is organized under the laws of and located in The Netherlands.
                




Other Disclosures

                Read the 
                Form C
                filed with the SEC for other important disclosures, like financial statements, Directors, Officers, shareholders with more than 20% of voting rights, and more. (Also available here)



The Funding Portal
Scrap Connection is conducting a Regulation Crowdfunding offering via Wefunder Portal LLC. CRD Number: #283503.





Can I change my mind and get a refund?

How is Wefunder compensated?

Have another question?

















148 startups have raised $45,767,556 on Wefunder
Wefunder supports three different federal laws that allow startups to raise money legally.  To comply with the law, Wefunder Advisors LLC and Wefunder Portal LLC (both owned by Wefunder Inc) also list startups depending on the regulation used.


Legal May 16th 2016
Regulation Crowdfunding
 Wefunder Portal LLC

$25,125,460
for 70 startups



Legal Now
Regulation D
Wefunder Advisors LLC


$19,255,664
for 82 startups




Rare
Regulation A+
Wefunder Inc


$1,386,432
for 1 startup







We are the largest funding portal for Regulation Crowdfunding.



I'm a stats junkie!  Show me an entire page of stats!

Some fine print:  1) These numbers include startups currently live on Wefunder if they pass their minimum target.  2) Some startups use two different laws at the same time (i.e., Regulation D and Regulation Crowdfunding).













About us
Our Profile
Jobs
Press
Blog
Charter
Stats


Investors
Investing 101
Risks
Earning Returns
Securities
Clubs
$2500 per Referral


Founders
Raise Funding
FAQ
Legal Primer
Free Contracts
Profile Guide
Launch Guide


Say Hello
 hello@wefunder.com
  Twitter
  Facebook 
 Instagram  
 Youtube  

 888-546-0325


SF
                /
                Boston








Wefunder Inc. runs wefunder.com and is the parent company of Wefunder Advisors LLC and Wefunder Portal LLC. Wefunder Advisors is an exempt reporting adviser that advises SPVs used in Reg D offerings. Wefunder Portal is a funding portal (CRD #283503) that operates sections of wefunder.com where some Reg Crowdfunding offerings are made.

                    Wefunder, Inc. operates sections of wefunder.com where some Reg A offerings are made.  Wefunder, Inc. is not regulated as either a broker-dealer or funding portal and is not a member of FINRA.

                  By using wefunder.com, you accept our Terms & Privacy Policy.  If investing, you accept our Investor Agreement.

                  You may also view our Privacy Notice.

































              Signup
            
Already have an account?  Login
Don't have an account?  Signup



Sign up with Facebook


Privacy: We won’t share your data with Facebook without your explicit permission.
              


              — or —
            







Sign Up








Login
Forgot password?



Forgot password?
Tell us the email you used to sign up, and we'll get you on your way.

No account with that email address exists.
Reset
Nevermind. I remember my password!









Explore
News
Raise Funding
FAQ
Login
Sign Up
 








