

TSRI - News & View

























Vol 11. Issue 1 / January 10, 2011


















Etcetera
F1000 Ranks Patapoutian Lab Paper Among Top Five in Biology in 2010
A study led by Scripps Research Professor Ardem Patapoutian was named among the top five biology papers in 2010 by the Faculty of 1000 (F1000). According to the F1000 evaluation, the new proteins described in the study, called Piezos, "have been identified as a critical molecular component  in mechanically activated ion channels, which make possible several sensations, such as hearing, touch, and pain." The paper, titled “Piezo1 and Piezo2 are essential components of distinct mechanically activated cation channels,” appeared in Science (Volume 300, Number 6000, October 1, 2010).       
      The F1000 is a global scientific review network of more than 10,000 faculty experts whose evaluations form a fully searchable resource identifying the best research available. According to the group, "this year's most important papers were not those that made the front page of international newspapers, but the quiet and persistent investigations of the molecular foundations of life."


Chemical & Engineering News Lists Baran Lab Work Among Top 2010 Achievements
        The work of Scripps Research Professor Phil Baran’s team in synthesizing a complex marine natural product was listed in the Chemical & Engineering News (C&EN) 2010 Chemical Year in Review issue that, according to C&EN editors, "reveals our choices for some of the superlative achievements" of the year and that represent examples of "the many ways in which chemists are pushing the boundaries of what we know and what we are capable of doing." The synthesis has led to the development of new reactions that are already seeing use in pharmaceutical companies for drug development.      
      Baran and his team completed the first total synthesis of palau’amine – "a dauntingly complex alkaloid" –  with the help of "a daring cyclization reaction," describes C&EN. The marine product is isolated from the sponge Stylotella agminata in waters near the Pacific Ocean Republic of Palua.


Jin-Quan Yu Wins Novartis Early Career Award
        Scripps Research Institute Professor Jin-Quan Yu has received a 2010 Novartis Early Career Award in Organic Chemistry. One of two honorees from the global research community, Yu shares the award with Karl Gademann of the University of Basel, Switzerland. Each receives an unrestricted grant to support their individual research.      
      The Novartis Early Career Award in Organic Chemistry is presented annually to "outstanding scientists within 10 years of having established an independent academic research career in the areas of organic or bioorganic chemistry in the broadest sense." In the award announcement, Novartis describes Yu as "a leader in the field of transition metal-catalysed C-H activation [who] has had a significant impact on how we envision assembling molecules."


Wendy Havran Awarded Honorary Doctorate from University of Copenhagen
        Professor Wendy Havran was recently presented with an honorary doctorate degree from the University of Copenhagen, Denmark. Havran was awarded the degree last November, while she was at the university providing a presentation on "Crosstalk Between Epithelial T Cells and Their Neighbors." Havran was one of three honorary doctorate recipients at a special university commemoration ceremony, which was attended by the Queen of Denmark, Margrethe II. 


Graduate Office Announces Merit Awards
        The Scripps Research Institute Office of Graduate Studies has announced the names of students at the Kellogg School of Science and Technology selected to receive merit-based fellowships for the 2010-2011 academic year. Selection criterion for these fellowships is primarily excellence in research, as demonstrated by publications and contributions to the graduate program.
      The awards include:
      •	Erin Anderson, who is working in the Boger lab, and Crystal Moran, who is working in the Deniz lab, has received scholarships from the Achievement Rewards for College Scientists (ARCS). An all-volunteer organization, the ARCS Foundation is dedicated to helping the best and brightest students in science, engineering, and medicine nationwide.
      •	Erin Anderson also has received the Novartis Graduate Fellowship in Organic Chemistry for Minorities and Women. Novartis Institutes of BioMedical Research provides this one-year fellowship to encourage women and minorities to continue in the field of organic chemistry.
      •	Candacia Greeman of the Williamson lab has been awarded the Andrea Elizabeth Vogt Memorial Award, made possible by the generosity of Scripps Research Professor Peter K. Vogt.
      •	Laura Walker and Jonathan Long have received Norton B. Gilula Graduate Student Fellowships. Walker is a grad student in the Burton lab, while Long is affiliated with the Cravatt lab. The Gilula Fellowship, primarily supported by contributions from Scripps Research faculty and administration, honors the late Norton Gilula, cell biologist and first dean of the Scripps Research graduate program.
      •	Sophie Sun of the Schultz lab has been named recipient of the Abrams Charitable Trust Award. The award provides support to an outstanding continuing student for educational and training activities.
      •	Keary Mark Engle of the Yu lab has been awarded the Jairo Arevelo Fellowship, established in the memory of Scripps Research’s first doctoral degree recipient. The award recipient is selected by a Scripps Research faculty committee based on academic scholarship, achievement, enthusiasm, motivation, commitment, and “thirst for knowledge.”
                   
Send comments to: mikaono[at]scripps.edu
    

































Wendy E Scripps - NEW YORK,NY | wendy e scripps | 1+ People Finder Results





























People Finder.




Enter first name & last name





All States 
Alabama 
Alaska 
Arizona 
Arkansas 
California 
Colorado 
Connecticut 
Delaware 
Florida 
Georgia 
Hawaii 
Idaho 
Illinois 
Indiana 
Iowa 
Kansas 
Kentucky 
Louisiana 
Maine 
Maryland 
Massachusetts 
Michigan 
Minnesota 
Mississippi 
Missouri 
Montana 
Nebraska 
Nevada 
New Hampshire 
New Jersey 
New Mexico 
New York 
North Carolina 
North Dakota 
Ohio 
Oklahoma 
Oregon 
Pennsylvania 
Puerto Rico 
Rhode Island 
South Carolina 
South Dakota 
Tennessee 
Texas 
Utah 
Vermont 
Virginia 
Washington 
Washington D.C. 
West Virginia 
Wisconsin 
Wyoming 






People Finder Results for wendy e scripps









Results from PublicRecords360. Showing top 1 of 1 results.






Premium Public Records for Wendy E Scripps found in this find people section originate from public directories available on the internet to their subscribers. People Finder Results may contain information about Relatives & Classmates. If you are Wendy E Scripps and want to change or delete your or your relatives/ classmates record, please contact the data provider directly. InstantPeopleFinder.com caches the people finder results and after optout with the data provider, the results will automatically disappear after few days.



FullNameAddressesPhone
DOBRelativesMore Details
NEW YORK, NYWendy E Scripps
3 Address(s) Found New York,NYRhinebeck,NYLong Island City,NY
5 Phone Number(s) Found 
Age: 54yrs.  
Samuel ScrippsLuise ScrippsRichard Feldman
Get Public Records, Property Records & more  >>


Public Comments for wendy e scripps. 






Public comments related to name Wendy E Scripps are submitted by users. You are solely responsible for your use of this section on InstantPeopleFinder.com and use them at your own risk. By using these forums and interactive areas, you agree not to post, transmit, distribute, store, create or otherwise publish any messages that violate our terms & conditions.




Leave a Public Comment for Wendy E Scripps





Please enable JavaScript to view the 
comments powered by Disqus.
blog
comments powered by Disqus





No Results Found.

Your people finder query - Wendy E Scripps - did not yield any results.
Suggestions:

> Make sure search query is spelled correctly.
> Try a different search query.
> Try to be more general.

Or Try Intelius Premium People Finder:




First Name


Last Name (*)


State













Pages.


USA People Finder Search

Read Our Blog


News - Real Time People Search Tool ...


Privacy Policy




Terms & Conditions




Benefits of Service




How To Use




About Us



Contact Us




Follow us.


Become a fan and connect with ever-growing
community of People Finder Searchers. Share your thoughts and find out what Instant People Finder is up to next!














Find people with one click.

Find People information instantly! Easy to use, people finder for free using public
records, addresses, phone numbers, yellow pages and background check. From email
to address search or reverse phone number to a general people locator - we have
all the free people finder engine bases covered. So give it a try and get started
with the most basic surname search on free people finder page!










Browse. Name Directory by LastName.
abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz



Recent Updates.
Yesterday 07-26-2017 07-25-2017 07-24-2017 07-23-2017 07-22-2017 07-21-2017 



© Copyright & Trademark 2006-2017 InstantPeopleFinder.com - Instant People Finder. All rights reserved.
Instant People Finder Disclaimer for this Page: Wendy E Scripps - NEW YORK,NY | wendy e scripps | 1+ People Finder Results. Most records for people finder, search people free & background check for wendy e scripps are dynamically obtained in real-time. Any private information consisting of email addresses, street addresses, phone numbers etc. for wendy e scripps are gathered from an extensive list of free web sources available on major people search engines & social networks.


















Wendy E Scripps - New York, NY | Intelius



























Sign In



We found Wendy E Scripps in New York, NY


Wendy E Scripps

                                                                                       Intelius found that Wendy E Scripps  is  a female between 50 and 60 years old from New York, NY.  We have connected them to
                13 addresses,
                5 phones,
                and 3 relatives or associates.
         






Get Report Now

Age

Wendy E Scripps is in her 50s

Wendy Has Lived In

New York, NY
Long Island City, NY
Rhinebeck, NY

Wendy's Relatives

Samuel Scripps
Luise Scripps
Richard Feldman







Wendy E Scripps



Zodiac SignCancer



GenderFemale



Professional Status
Owner at Wendigo Productions



Get Report Now










Want to know more about Wendy? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about Wendy, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on Wendy E Scripps
Get a Criminal Check on Wendy E Scripps
Get a Public Record Report on Wendy E Scripps
Get a People Search Report on Wendy E Scripps


Wendy E Scripps's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where Wendy E Scripps has lived as well as Wendy E Scripps's phone numbers and email addresses.




Wendy E Scripps Has Lived in 1 States
New York Address for Wendy E Scripps


67 E 1*** S* 

New York, NY


Has Lived In

New York, NY
Long Island City, NY


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with Wendy E Scripps

(212) ***-**** - New York, NY 
(212) ***-**** - New York, NY 
(917) ***-**** - New York, NY 


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with Wendy E Scripps

w******s@***.com
w********w@***.com
w***y@***.com


Get Email Report




Wendy E Scripps's Professional Information
Information regarding Wendy E Scripps's professional history.  Find out previous places Wendy E Scripps has worked as well as dates employed.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Wendy E Scripps Has Worked at 1 Place
Company: Wendigo Productions
               Title: Owner
Wendy E Scripps's Experience
Title: Owner
               Company: Wendigo Productions
Job Details
               Wendigo Productions NY - the home of New York's best ev-les. Visit our storefront at 183 Avenue B in the East Village.
Additional Professional Information on Wendy E Scripps

 See Wendy E Scripps's LinkedIn Profile



Wendy E Scripps's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for Wendy E Scripps


Wendy E Scripps's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of Wendy E Scripps's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
Wendy Scripps
Username Matches

                  WendyScripps
                  ScrippsWendy
                  Wendy.Scripps
                  Scripps.Wendy
                  Wendy_Scripps
                  Scripps_Wendy
                  Wendy-Scripps
                  Scripps-Wendy
                  WScripps
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
W Scripps







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.















Wendy E Scripps, 55  - New York, NY | MyLife.com™ Background Profile



































Search for your public page


First Name



Last Name



City





Search


*All fields are required
Already a member? Log in


















About & Contact Info






                    Photos && Social Posts






Reviews & Ratings





Court & ArrestRecords





Friends & Family












 WS


View Photos



 Edit/Remove

Wendy Scripps
 New York, NY
 Age: 55 -
								07/22/1962





AKA:
                                                Wenely Scripps, Wendy E Scripps













Work Info








                                    Single






Unavailable






 Politics









Education Info





  Edit/Remove My Info

View Full Contact Info
- OR -
View Full Background Details







Reputation Score:
4.00/5




4.00

							        	
													(1 Review)
												






                                        Rate:
                                        
                                            Wendy










Improve my Rating
                                                |  
                                                 Ask others to Rate




Ranking: 
Compared to U.S. Population




BAD
POOR
FAIR
GOOD











  Edit/Remove My Info
Contact Info







(917) 902-****









View Email Address, 
                                    
                                         |  Send message











*** **** 900


New York, NY 10001







View Full Contact Details
- OR -
View Full Background Details








 + {{bingImagesInit.images.length - 4}} more
 + {{bingImagesInit.images.length - 3}} more



Summary:
                    
Summary:  

currently lives in  



New York
, NY.


            Before that,  lived in
            



New York
, NY.
         is related to
                Sam Cripps.
        















About & Contact Information


Wendy's Story




Summary:  

currently lives in  



New York
, NY.


            Before that,  lived in
            



New York
, NY.
         is related to
                Sam Cripps.
        




Contact Information





                            This section includes information on Addresses, Phone Numbers, and Email Addresses
                        




                                                Recent Address
                                            
*** **** 900
New York, NY
View Address


Past Address
15*** **** 19a




New York
, NY
View Address


Past Address
6*** **** 22b




New York
, NY
View Address


Past Address
16*** **** 5b




New York
, NY
View Address





                                                     
                                                            Current Phone Number
                                                        
(917) 902-****



                                                     
                                                            Previous Phone Number
                                                        
(917) 902-****





    Wendy may have hidden Social Profiles & Photos - Check Full Background Report to see Wendy's social media activity. This may contain online profiles, dating websites, forgotten social media accounts, and other potentially embarrassing profiles. This may also contain additional contact information, giving you more ways to get in touch.
                




View Full Phone, Email & Address Details





Work History





    Wendy may have Work information - Check Full Background Report to see possible job history including what current and previous jobs, companies they may have been employed at, job titles, duration of employment,  and a list of their co-workers.
                

                View Full Background Details
            





School History




    Wendy may have Education Information - Check Full Background Report to see possible education history including where and when they attending high school and college, and a complete list of their high school class list.
                

                View Full Background Details
            





Properties




    Wendy may have Properties - Check Full Background Report to see a complete list of known properties. This may contain information such as address, market value, purchase price,  and loan amount.


                View Full Background Details
            





Corporate Affiliations




    Wendy may have Corporate Affiliations - Check Full Background Report to see a complete list of known corporate affiliations. This may contain information such as company name, job title, address, and time period of service.


                View Full Background Details
            





Licenses and Permits




    Wendy may have Licenses & Permits - Check Full Background Report to see weapons permits, Federal Aviation Administration pilot licenses and Drug Enforcement Administration licenses for prescribing controlled pharmaceuticals. If applicable, you will also see Wendy's license number and expiration date.
                

                View Full Background Details
            






Photos & Social Posts


Photos









ViewPhotos





    Wendy may have Photos - Check Full Background Report to see possible pictures and photo albums found from social and public sources.
                

                View Full Background Details
            







Social Posts





View Social Posts



    We did not find any Social Posts records after searching multiple government records, social and public sources. As part of your premium service, we will continue to search and notify you when we find new information.



    Wendy may have hidden Social Profiles & Photos - Check Full Background Report to see Wendy's social media activity. This may contain online profiles, dating websites, forgotten social media accounts, and other potentially embarrassing profiles. This may also contain additional contact information, giving you more ways to get in touch.
                





Reviews & Ratings





Wendy Scripps's Reputation Score:
4.00/5



4.00

						        	
                                            (1 Review)
                                        







                                    Rate:
                                    
                                        Wendy










Improve my Rating
                                            |  
                                             Ask others to Rate
                                            |  
                                            Write a Review




Ranking:  Compared to U.S. Population




BAD
POOR
FAIR
GOOD

















Jeffrey Tinsley, CEO & Founder of Mylife.com

Personal Review









Reply










×
Showing balanced reviews improves the credibility of your positive reviews, so consider keeping them.Are you sure you want to delete this comment?
Yes
No








×
Your request has been sent.
Close









        Court & Arrest Records
        
            
            
                
            
        
    


Arrest and Criminal Records




    Wendy may have Arrest and Criminal Records - Check Full Background Report to see possible arrest or conviction records we have found on Wendy. This may include any DUIs, traffic tickets and outstanding warrants. When applicable, we may show where the crime occurred and provide details about the offense.


                View Full Background Details
            





Sex Offender Status




    Wendy may have Sexual Offenses - Check Full Background Report to see a complete list of any and all sex offenses Wendy may have been convicted of and his current sex offender status if applicable.
                

                View Full Background Details
            





Lawsuits, Liens & Bankruptcies




    Wendy may have Lawsuits, Liens & Bankruptcies - Check Full Background Report to see local, state and federal court documents, sensitive legal information and any litigation that Wendy may have been involved in.  We'll reveal arrest details like case numbers, offense descriptions, and booking dates, where available.
                

                View Full Background Details
            







Family & Friends


Relatives/Associates






 SC

Sam Cripps

                                            Rhinebeck, NY



 LS

Luise Scripps






                                    View More Relatives
                                





Classmates




    Wendy may have a record of associated Classmates - Check Full Background Report to see possible who they are and full classlists  found from school records and public sources.
                

                View Full Background Details
            





Neighborhood Information | Information based on current address








Age








Education Level










Household Income








Estimated Home Values










Top Buying Habits








Top Interests & Hobbies



















A Full Background Report Includes



Find Background Profiles & Reputation Scores for Everyone in the U.S.



                            MyLife searches government, social & public sources to pull together all details in one place
                        




                            Contact details include addresses, email, phone numbers, photos & social profiles and more
                        




                            Background checks include arrest & court records, education & work history, personal reviews and more to asses anyone's reputation
                        



Only MyLife Helps You Improve Your Background Report & Reputation Score



                            Edit & correct your own Background Report to look your best to employers, clients, friends, dates & others searching for you on Google.
                        




                            Ask friends, family, employers & clients to review you to improve your public Reputation Score.
                        




                            Remove your information from sites you can't control to protect your privacy
                        



See What MyLife Customers Are Saying

                        "When considering new tenants, you should always
                        check and verify their background to feel secure
                        & protected. MyLife makes it easy"
                    


- Ron W.




 







Back to Top




















×
Send Message


Message sent
An error has occurred, please try again later...


How do you know this person?

Please select (used to notify recipient)
Unknown
College
High School
Junior High School
Grade School
Met on MyLife.com
Is My Friend
Related to Me
Mutual Friend
Work
Club or Organization
Religion Affiliation
Not Sure
Don't Know Them
Found You Through a Dating Service
Found Your Service



Subject



Message




 Add/Track Contact
							







SEND NOW

















×


					Your message has been sent.
				











×
Help Wendy build his reputation & public image 
Thank you for rating Wendy Scripps
Please provide additional details to give people more insight into Wendy's reputation. 



Sorry! We were unable to submit your review


                                        Please select at least one quality
                                    




Does Wendy have these qualities?
Deselect all







Personal
Professional
Dating





 Smart
 Loyal
 Honest
 Good listener
 Humble
 Generous
 Fun
 Easy going
 Optimistic
 Kind
I would NOT be friends with Wendy
 I would be friends

Is there anything you want to say about  on a personal level?
  (Optional)




 Responsible
 Hardworking
 Intelligent
 Collaborative
 Creative
 Resourceful
 Motivated
 Flexible
 Ambitious
 Articulate
I would NOT work with Wendy

Is there anything you want to say about  on a professional level?
  (Optional)




 Faithful
 Respectful
 Understanding
 Funny
 Romantic
 Sexy
 Smart
 Passionate
 Good looking
 Good listener
 I would NOT date Wendy

Is there anything you want to say about  concerning dating?
  (Optional)




You are responsible for your submissions, which must be true, lawful and not violate any person's rights. You agree to our User Agreement.







How do you know Wendy?*

Friends
                                          Friend
Professional
Dating
Family Member
Neighbor
School
Club or Organization
Religious
Myself
Not Sure
Don't Know Them
Other







    Post anonymously
?






















































POST REVIEW








×

                        
                                Two Ways to Improve your Score
                            




Correct and Edit your extended background details
Correct & Edit


Ask Family & Friends  for positive reviews
  Send an Email
Share on Facebook










×





























×





Search to Find Background Reports & Publicly Exposed Personal Details on Anyone including Yourself.
Are You Wendy Scripps?


YES
See & control your exposed background info
See, Monitor & Enhance Your Background Report that People are Viewing.


NO
See public background info on  Wendy 
See Background Report to Learn  the Truth about Wendy .











×





Thank you. We received your vote.











×






GET AN ADDITIONAL PREMIUM REPORT ON Wendy Scripps
Premium data contains highly sensitive  info such as:

Arrest Records
Wealth & Assets
Lawsuits & Liens
Licenses & Permits
Sexual Offenses
Corp. Affiliations




                            In order to access the sensitive info on a Premium Report today, an additional fee is required. Remember, you do not need to purchase a Premium Report to access the info that is available in Standard Reports.
                        
BUY PREMIUM REPORT FOR  
No, thank you




THANK YOU FOR YOUR PURCHASE
Your Premium Report is now Ready
CLICK HERE TO SEE REPORT




There is a problem authorizing your charge on this card. Please try your card again or try another card.























Credit Card No.






Expiry Date

MM
01
02
03
04
05
06
07
08
09
10
11
12


Year

                                                        2017

                                                        2018

                                                        2019

                                                        2020

                                                        2021

                                                        2022

                                                        2023

                                                        2024

                                                        2025

                                                        2026

                                                        2027

                                                        2028

                                                        2029

                                                        2030

                                                        2031

                                                        2032

                                                        2033




CVC 









BUY PREMIUM REPORT FOR  
















×
You now have access to view Wendy Scripps's Premium Background Report.

The information in this report is gathered from Government, Social & Public Records gathered from across the web.

                                    Access Wendy's Premium Background Report
                                    









×
MyLife Protects & Builds Your Reputation


MyLife gathers up-to-date Government, Social & Public Records so you know what's public everywhere online and help you build your reputation for employers, friends and others that search for you here and on Google.
We recommended you:

Edit & Correct Your Background Report
Complete Your Profile Providing Positive Details
Ask Friends for Positive Reviews
See Who's Checking Your Background
Remove Unwanted Records You Can't Control










×
Review posted! Register to get reply alerts



New to MyLife? Register today for FREE.

Already a member?  Log in







































Name




Email

We respect your privacy


Message


Register to send your email

Gender

                                I am
                                Male
Female



Birthday


MM
01
02
03
04
05
06
07
08
09
10
11
12




DD




YYYY


Must be 13 years or older to join


ZIP Code



Password



Confirm Password




FIND MY PAGE

By clicking on the button above, you agree to our User Agreement & Privacy Policy




See & Monitor All Background Info That's Public On AnyoneWe'll show you all background information, personal reviews and other details from government records and proprietary sources across the web, plus alert you to changes.
Edit and Add-To Your Background Info, Personal Reviews and Social PostsControl your public details to look good to employers, clients, friends and anyone who finds you online.
Send Messages To Get In Touch With AnyoneGet complete contact info on anyone. Send unlimited messages to make valuable professional and personal contacts.












×





Sign up for FREE. See detailed background info for Wendy Scripps











































                                        Already a member? Log in

























VIEW FULL DETAILS




                                       By clicking on the button above, you agree to our User Agreement &  Privacy Policy




*Must be 13 years or older to join






Monitor Your Personal Info & Background Report that's Public Make sure it's accurate.
Edit Your Background Info & Personal ReviewsViewed by employers, clients, friends, or anyone
See Who's Searching for You ® Employers, friends, lovers, stalkers and others are looking for you.
Remove Private Information that's Exposed Stop sites from selling your private details online.
Send Message to Anyone Get complete contact info on anyone, make valuable professional and personal contacts.


Send Message to Anyone Get complete contact info on anyone, make valuable professional and personal contacts.
Monitor Your Personal Info & Background Report that's Public Make sure it's accurate.
Edit Your Background Info & Personal ReviewsViewed by employers, clients, friends, or anyone
See Who's Searching for You ® Employers, friends, lovers, stalkers and others are looking for you.
Remove Private Information that's Exposed Stop sites from selling your private details online.












ï¿½
Send a message to  Wendy



Compose your message





































Your name




From



Message




SEND YOUR MESSAGE

By clicking on the button above, you agree to our User Agreement & Privacy Policy









×





Sign up for FREE. See detailed background info for Wendy Scripps











































                                        Already a member? Log in

























VIEW FULL DETAILS




                                       By clicking on the button above, you agree to our User Agreement &  Privacy Policy




*Must be 13 years or older to join






Monitor Your Personal Info & Background Report that's Public Make sure it's accurate.
Edit Your Background Info & Personal ReviewsViewed by employers, clients, friends, or anyone
See Who's Searching for You ® Employers, friends, lovers, stalkers and others are looking for you.
Remove Private Information that's Exposed Stop sites from selling your private details online.
Send Message to Anyone Get complete contact info on anyone, make valuable professional and personal contacts.


Send Message to Anyone Get complete contact info on anyone, make valuable professional and personal contacts.
Monitor Your Personal Info & Background Report that's Public Make sure it's accurate.
Edit Your Background Info & Personal ReviewsViewed by employers, clients, friends, or anyone
See Who's Searching for You ® Employers, friends, lovers, stalkers and others are looking for you.
Remove Private Information that's Exposed Stop sites from selling your private details online.












Find Anyone:

Find Anyone:
A|
B|
C|
D|
E|
F|
G|
H|
I|
J|
K|
L|
M|
N|
O|
P|
Q|
R|
S|
T|
U|
V|
W|
X|
Y|
Z







COMPANY
About Us
Testimonials
Press
Careers
Contact Us
Blog
FAQs




SERVICES
Monitor Your Identity
Remove Your Public Profiles
Background Check
See Who's Searching for You
Connect with Friends & Find People
Manage Your Membership




DIRECTORIES
People Search




Visit us on:












                Copyright © Fri Jul 28 11:31:32 PDT 2017 MyLife.com®, Inc. |
User Agreement |
Privacy Policy
U.S. Patent No. 6,701,348 and 6,694,353








	            * The other websites referenced on this site are owned and operated by their respective companies, and the associated trademarks and logos are the property of those companies. Links are provided for reference only and MyLife.com® does not imply any connection or relationship between MyLife.com® and these companies.
	        



 



















La Jolla Faculty



















   


Directory
  |
  Contact
  |
  Careers
  |
  Intranet  |
  Home






About

About Scripps Research
CA Green Team
CA Maps & Directions
CA Parking


Research & Faculty

Faculty
Departments
Centers & Institutes
Research Areas
Technology Cores & Services
Affinity Groups
International &
 Postdoctoral Services


Education

Graduate
Postdoctoral
Undergraduate
K-12 Outreach


Campuses

La Jolla, California
Jupiter, Florida


News

In the News
News Releases
News&Views Weekly
Videos
Press Room
Subscribe


Events
Donate

Donate Now
More Ways to Give
Why Join Us
Initiatives for Human Health
More Research Areas
Events
Publications
Contact Us








Home

            
        >>
        

            California
        


        
            
        >>
        

            Education and Training
        


        
            
        >>
        

            faculty
        



            >>
            
            La Jolla Faculty
        







About TSRI's Graduate Program Academics Faculty Admissions Student Life








    La Jolla Faculty
    



Asturias, Francisco studies the structures of macromolecular assemblies involved in eukaryotic gene expression and its control, such as complexes formed by RNA polymerase II and general transcription factors, using the technique of cryoelectron microscopy. 
Balch, William E. is interested in the biochemical and molecular basis for vesicular trafficking from the endoplasmic reticulum to the cell surface, particularly in the structures, functions, and mechanisms of control exerted by small GTP-binding proteins. Baldwin, Kristin studies the sense of smell by genetically visualizing the neural circuits of the mouse olfactory system and uses mouse cloning and stem cell technology to investigate the molecular mechanisms that govern neural circuit formation and function throughout the nervous system. Baran, Phil explores new avenues for the efficient and practical construction of organic molecules, both naturally occurring and man-made, by pursuing longstanding synthetic challenges and by designing methods of broad utility.Barbas III, Carlos designs zinc finger protein-based transcription factors for the directed regulation of gene expression and gene discovery; programs complex reaction mechanisms into antibodies and uses them to treat cancer; develops new approaches to catalytic asymmetric synthesis; and uses phage display methods to evolve antibodies with the potential to become new immunotherapeutic and gene therapeutic approaches to diseases like breast and ovarian cancer, melanoma, and AIDS. Beutler, Bruce searches for genes that are required for normal immune function through germline mutagenesis and positional cloning.
Blackmond, Donna focuses on mechanistic aspects of the synthesis of complex organic molecules by catalytic routes, particularly asymmetric catalysis with application in pharmaceutical processes. Her group also investigates nonlinear effects of catalyst enantiopurity in stoichiometric, catalytic and autocatalytic reactions. Another area of fundamental interest is in probing the origin of biological homochirality.Boddy, Michael studies proteins that repair DNA and maintain the integrity of the genome and asks how these repair mechanisms are relevant to cancer and other human diseases. Boger, Dale works on the total synthesis of biologically active natural products using the tools of organic synthesis to identify, imitate, understand, exploit, and sometimes surpass what nature provides. Burton, Dennis focuses his research primarily on human antibody responses to HIV and the design of an HIV vaccine. He has also worked on the interaction of antibodies and other pathogens, including respiratory syncytial virus, Ebola virus and prion proteins. Buxbaum, Joel utilizes genetic epidemiology, transgenic animals, cell culture, and molecular biologic techniques to study the etiology and pathogenesis of age-related human diseases of protein conformation.Carragher, Bridget is developing, testing, and applying technology for specimen handling, automated acquisition, automated processing, and information handling in electron microscopy; one of the goals is to completely automate cryo-electron microscopy in order to solve macromolecular structures. Chang, Geoffrey is interested in the structural basis of the transport of substrate across the cell membrane by ion channels and transporters; he determines the structures of such integral membrane proteins through high-resolution x-ray crystallography.
Chapman, Eli uses and develops chemical and biological tools to study the mechanism of macromolecular machines involved in protein folding and unfolding both in vitro and in vivo. Chun, Jerold is interested in the study of lysophospholipid signaling in neural and systems biology, chromosomal aneuploidy in the nervous system, and disease related studies with a Cellular and Molecular Neuroscience approach. Cline, Hollis studies the analysis of the activity-dependent control of cell proliferation, neuronal development and circuit formation in the visual system using gene transfer, in vivo imaging and electrophysiological techniques. Cravatt, Benjamin studies the action and regulation of chemical messengers, particularly the fatty acid amides, which mediate physiological phenomena like pain sensation, sleep, and thermoregulation; he designs and uses chemical probes for "active site proteomics," the global analysis of protein function. Crossin, Kathryn focuses on understanding the signaling capabilities of various cell adhesion molecules on the cell's plasma membrane, particularly the neural cell adhesion molecule, N-CAM, and its ability to signal hippocampal neural precursor cells to become neurons rather that astroglia and to activate the transcription factor NFkB in astrocytes. Cunningham, Bruce studies the detailed properties of cell surface glycoproteins that play critical roles in neural development, particularly cell adhesion molecules (CAMs), which bind cells together and generate signals that determine a cell's developmental destiny. Dawson, Philip develops novel chemical ligation methodologies for the synthesis of natural and chemically engineered proteins to develop novel peptide based vaccines for HIV-1, study the molecular basis of protein folding and enzymatic catalysis, conjugate biological macromolecules to in complex systems such as cells, viruses and Quantum Dots and to develop synthetic protein pharmaceuticals.Deniz, Ashok develops and uses single-molecule fluorescence methods to study the dynamics and interactions of biological molecules during such processes as protein/RNA folding and assembly of the 30S subunit of the bacterial ribosome. Dickerson, Tobin develops biochemical technologies for predicting and treating evolving disease such as influenza, hepatitis C, and cancer, high-throughput screening paradigms for protein-ligand agonists/antagonists, combating filarial parasites, and the modulation of botulinum neurotoxin. Dyson, Helen Jane uses NMR to study the protein-folding process and to study the nature and behavior of unfolded and partly folded forms of proteins, including prion proteins and several newly-discovered, intrinsically unstructured proteins. Edelman, Gerald examines several areas related to nervous system development and neural function, including cell-cell interactions during embyronic development, the role of cell adhesion molecules in neural plasticity, the molecular genetics of connectional defects in the nervous system, and transcriptional regulation and translational control in eukaryotic cells. Elder, John focuses on the molecular and biological characterization of feline immunodeficiency virus (FIV), which causes an AIDS-like disease in the domestic cat and is similar to human immunodeficiency virus (HIV); his goal is to develop drug treatments and vaccines that may be employed to treat viral infections in both humans and cats. Fedor, Martha investigates RNA enzymes using enzymological and biochemical methods to learn how RNAs assemble into functional structures and catalyze biological transformations. Feeney, Ann studies the epigenetic and genetic mechanisms that control the accessibility of antibody V, D, and J genes to undergo V(D)J recombination, determining why individual V genes rearrange with very different frequencies, and determining how the generation of the antibody repertoire and B cell tolerance mechanisms are misregulated in murine models of autoimmune disease Felding-Habermann, Brunhilde establishes unique models of brain metastasis from circulating tumor cells of breast cancer patients and analyzes their properties in vitro and in vivo, investigates genes and functional pathways that control metastatic activity. Finn, M.G. uses viruses as building blocks for biologically active structures, diagnostic agents, immunogenic platforms, and drug delivery vehicles; and also develops new bioconjugation methods, enzyme inhibitors, and functional materials using "click chemistry," and studies organic and organometallic reaction mechanisms. Fokin, Valery develops preactical catalytic transformations for organic synthesis, combinatorial chemistry, chemical biology, and materials research; searches for novel antiviral agents, nicotinic receptor ligands, and protease inhibitors. Fowler, Velia studies the role of actin dynamics in regulating assembly and function of cytoskeletal structures that contribute to cell and tissue morphogenesis during embryonic development. Systems of interest include morphogenesis of epithelia, the eye lens, differentiation and stability of erythrocytes, and striated muscle development. Franc, Nathalie studies phagocytosis, the process by which dying cells are recognized and cleared during embryogenesis in the fruit fly, Drosophila melanogaster. Her long-term goal is to compare its molecular mechanisms with that of phagocytosis of pathogens, such as bacteria. Friedlander, Martin examines the mechanisms whereby proteins are asymmetrically integrated into cell membranes and studies the basic mechanisms of ocular angiogenesis and potential therapeutic applications for treating degenerative retinal and neovascular eye diseases. Friedman, Jeffrey uses mouse and cell culture models with mutations that affect resistance to oxidative stress to study how oxidants affect blood cell development, immune function, and aging.Gascoigne, Nicholas examines molecular and genetic interactions in T cell development and activation, including the spatiotemporal analysis of signaling cascades using fluorescence resonance energy transfer (FRET) and other techniques to image molecular interactions in live cells. Gerace, Larry seeks to understand the mechanisms for regulation of signaling and cell differentiation by components of the nuclear envelope, particularly in regard to muscle, and the machinery for posttranscriptional regulation of gene expression by nucleocytoplasmic transport, mRNA translation and protein turnover, with focus on HIV-1. Getzoff, Elizabeth aims to characterize functionally important protein conformational states by coupling crystallography, spectroscopy, molecular biology and computational analyses, and to apply that knowledge to protein and inhibitor design for key biological processes, including photoactivity, electron transfer, and enzyme catalysis. Ghadiri, M. Reza develops novel methods for the rational design and construction of functional and interesting bioorganic molecules, such as novel antimicrobial agents, catalytic peptides, biosensors, self-replicating systems, and molecular logic gates. Gottesfeld, Joel is concerned with protein-DNA interactions involved in the transcriptional regulation in animal cells and the development of small molecule inhibitors and activators of gene expression.
Griffin, John investigates how molecular players like activated protein C contribute to protection against thrombotic diseases, such as ischemic stroke or venous thrombosis, with the hope of finding new therapies that could reduce damage caused by harmful blood clots.Gruol, Donna examines the pathways and mechanisms involved in neuronal signaling in the mammalian central nervous system (CNS), developmental expression of signaling pathways, and the neuroadaptive mechanisms through which CNS disease and drugs alter neuronal signaling and viability. Havran, Wendy studies a unique subset of T lymphocytes, called "gamma-delta" T cells, which reside in epithelial tissues, are derived from fetal precursors, express a tissue-specific, invariant antigen receptor, and are involved in tissue repair as well as epithelial inflammatory diseases such as asthma and ulcerative colitis.Jameson, Julie is examining the mechanisms involved in the dysregulation of skin γδ T cells in nonhealing wounds. Janda, Kim is focused on the interfacing of chemistry and biology to discover molecules with function.
Joazeiro, Claudio Antonio uses cell and molecular biology approaches to study the role of the ubiquitin-proteasome system in cellular regulation and in disease (with emphasis on cancer and neurodegeneration) and translates their new discoveries into potential disease therapies using small-molecule drug screens. Johnson Jr., John uses a variety of cellular and molecular biology methods to develop and test atomic resolution models of particle-related events in the virus life cycle; he also uses viruses as a paradigm for developing methods to determine atomic resolution models of cellular mega-structures. Joyce, Gerald studies the test-tube evolution of RNA and DNA enzymes, both to explore their potential biomedical applications and to examine their possible role in the early history of life on Earth. Kelly, Jeffery examines the bioorganic and biophysical chemistry of aberrant conformational changes in proteins associated with misfolding diseases, seeking to develop new approaches for preventing these diseases with purposefully designed small molecules. Kono, Dwight is investigating the pathogenesis of systemic lupus erythematosus and mercury-induced autoimmunity as well as seeking to identify new potential therapeutic targets through novel approaches; his main interest is to define both predisposing genes and genes critical for disease development. Kralli, Anastasia focuses on the mechanism of action of nuclear receptor coactivators that modulate transcriptional responses to small lipophilic hormones and confer specificity to hormone signaling. Kuhn, Peter is developing novel approaches to biophysical characterization of biological systems; applications of these approaches focus on structural proteomics and translational medicine.
Lamia, Katja uses mouse genetics, physiology and biochemistry to study the relationship between circadian rhythms and cellular and organismal metabolism, with the ultimate goal of developing novel approaches for the treatment of obesity and diabetes.Lazzerini-Denchi, Eros focuses on the mechanisms that protect chromosome ends and their deregulation in human pathologies such as cancer and aging
Loring, Jeanne explores many aspects of stem cells, including embryonic, adult, and malignant cancer stem cells, from their basic biology to potential clinical applications in drug discovery, drug delivery, and cell therapy. MacRae, Ian combines structural biology, biochemistry and cell biology to understand mechanisms of gene regulation by RNA interference. Maximov, Anton combines genetic, biochemical, optical, and electrophysiological methods to study synapse development and function in the central nervous system.
Mayford, Mark uses genetic manipulation to investigate the molecular events involved in learning and memory.McHeyzer-Williams, Michael G. studies the cellular and molecular regulation of antigen-specific immune memory in vivo with emphasis on the innate/adaptive interface and helper T cell regulated B cell responses to optimize vaccines. McKay, Dianne explores the intracellular signaling events and pathways that lead to the tolerance or rejection of transplanted organs by T cells. Millar, David uses single-molecule fluorescence and time-resolved laser spectroscopy to study the dynamics of enzyme-DNA interactions and the folding of catalytic RNA molecules. Milligan, Ronald uses cryo-electron microscopy and image analysis to study the structure and mechanism of action of large molecular machines such as actomyosin, kinesin-microtubules, MAPs-microtubles, VCP/p97 and dynein AAA ATPases, various membrane channels and transporters, and bacterial toxins. Milner, Richard uses a combination of mouse models and tissue culture cell–based assays to examine the role of fibronectin and endothelial fibronectin receptors in promoting cerebral angiogenesis during cerebral hypoxia and ischemia. Morris, Kevin is interested in understanding the mechanism of long antisense non-coding RNA mediated transcriptional regulation in human cells in order to develop small antisense non-coding RNA based approaches to regulate HIV-1 and human cancer. Mowen, Kerri investigates the molecular events which control T helper cell and mast cell function, specifically studying a role for the posttranslational modification of arginine methylation by isolating novel substrates, determining the effects of arginine methylation on substrate function, and creating mice deficient in the enzymes that regulate arginine methylation. Mueller, Ulrich focuses on the genes and the gene mutations that contribute to the pathology of Usher syndrome, other human diseases related to mechanosensory perception, and central nervous system diseases Nemazee, David studies "receptor editing," a novel immunological tolerance mechanism in which developing B lymphocytes that carry autoreactive cell surface antibody are stimulated to "reprogram" their immunoglobulin genes by further rounds of DNA recombination. Nemerow, Glen investigates the interaction of adenovirus with host cells, looking at the basic mechanisms involved in virus attachment, internalization, membrane penetration, and nuclear localization, and seeking to design novel adenoviral vectors with increased capacity to deliver therapeutic genes to specific cell types. Nicolaou, K.C. works on the total synthesis of biologically active natural and designed molecules and the discovery and development of new synthetic strategies and technologies. Noodleman, Louis uses quantum chemistry and protein electrostatics to investigate the electronic structures and active site mechanisms of redox metalloproteins, such as respiratory iron-sulfur proteins, the nitrogen fixing nitrogenase enzyme, and the iron-oxo dimer enzymes methane monooxygenase and ribonucleotide reductase. Oldstone, Michael studies the interaction of viruses and the immune system, how viruses persist and the resultant disease, how a non-lytic virus alters the differentiation function of the infected cell, investigates infectious protein folding disease and uses transgenic mouse models to understand human diseases. Included are molecular explorations for how viruses suppress the immune system or on the other side of the coin, induce autoimmunity. Ollmann Saphire, Erica combines x-ray crystallography, biochemistry, and immunology to analyse proteins that play key roles in the pathogenesis of Ebola and other viral hemorrhagic fevers; structures of these proteins provide templates for vaccine design and enable rapid responses to newly emerging forms of the viruses.Olson, Arthur develops and applies computational and graphical techniques to the study of biomolecular interactions, focusing on protein-protein recognition and binding in oligomer formation, antibody-antigen complexes, and protein-substrate interactions in drug design. Otomo, Takanori studies structure and function of proteins involved in the autophagic pathway. Parsons, Loren studies neurochemical mechanisms in drug dependence with the goal of characterizing neural pathologies that may be viable targets for a pharmacotherapy of addiction; particular focus is on the central serotonin and endocannabinoid systems. Patapoutian, Ardem studies the molecular basis of the sense of touch by using genomics, imaging, and transgenic technologies to identify and characterize ion channel proteins involved in the perception of distinct thermal, mechanical, and chemical stimuli. Paulson, James studies carbohydrate recognition and the molecular biology of carbohydrate binding proteins, like CD22, which mediate key aspects of cell signaling in the immune system. Petrascheck, Michael studies the connection between aging and age-related disease by testing small molecules that have been found to increase lifespan in C.elegans for effects on various models of age-related disease.
Powers, Evan is interested in the energetics and mechanisms of protein folding and aggregation. Quigley, James uses in vivo models, directed enzyme inhibitors and specific function-blocking antibodies to identify pathways and molecules which contribute to tumor metastasis and angiogenesis. Rebek Jr., Julius studies basic questions of molecular recognition, self-assembly, catalysis, and complementarity by designing novel organic molecular nanocapsules and synthetic receptors. Reed, Steven focuses on the regulation of cell cycle progression through cyclin-dependent kinases and related proteins, particularly the role of regulated proteolysis in cell cycle control and how defects in the proteolytic machinery can promote carcinogenesis. Romesberg, Floyd seeks to understand and evolve novel protein function by expanding the genetic code, to understand the molecular basis of DNA damage, repair, and mutagenesis, and to use femtosecond laser pulses to probe protein dynamics. Rosen, Hugh uses chemical and biological approaches to define and manipulate the molecular gatekeepers regulating cell trafficking in the immune system, including sphingosine 1-phosphate receptors; this work defines links between innate and adaptive immunity and develops novel approaches to immunosuppression that may be therapeutically useful. Russell, Paul studies DNA damage response mechanisms that are relevant to the prevention and treatment of cancer; investigates how cells tolerate exposure to environmental toxins. Saez, Enrique is interested in two broad themes related to the regulation of energy balance in mammals.Salomon, Daniel investigates how molecular mechanisms driving immune cell activation and tissue injury, both critical components of cell and organ transplant rejection, are regulated at the gene transcriptional and proteomic level to map molecular networks that determine clinical outcomes. Sauer, Karsten combines broad functional genomics approaches with traditional, hypothesis-driven research to identify and functionally characterize novel genes with important roles in lymphocyte development and function. A particular focus of the lab are signal transduction mechanisms downstream of the T cell receptor.
Schneemann, Anette studies interactions between viruses and their hosts to determine molecular and structural parameters that are required for virus particle assembly and engineers virus particles to display heterologous proteins with the goal of developing novel vaccines.Schimmel, Paul is examining the nature, origins, and boundaries of the genetic code, probing the molecular basis of tRNA specificity and the manipulative potential of tRNAs and their enzymes as tools for developing new proteins, cellular functions, and potential therapeutics. Schmid, Sandra is defining the molecular mechanisms of receptor-mediated endocytosis, which involves the concentration of receptor-ligand complexes into clathrin coated pits, their internalization via coated vesicles, and the regulation of these events by GTPases and kinases. Schork, Nicholas focuses on the development and implementation of analysis methods for understanding the genetic determinants of complex human traits and diseases such as cancer, neuropsychiatric disease, and cardiovascular disease. These methods focus on both the design, integration, and interpretation of studies making use of contemporary high throughput genomic technologies. Schultz, Peter aims to combine the tools and principles of chemistry with the molecules and processes of living cells to create molecules with new properties and functions found neither in nature nor in the test tube; by studying the structure and function of the resulting molecules, new insights can be gained into the molecular mechanisms of complex biological and chemical systems. Sharpless, K. Barry discovers new and useful transformations for organic synthesis, particularly employing inorganic catalysts and olefin-derived compounds of high reactivity; he also applies "in situ" click chemistry, which makes enzymes into reaction vessels and templates for the formation of their own inhibitors.
Shenvi, Ryan develops chemistry to solve broad problems in complex molecule synthesis, and answers fundamental questions of organic chemistry, with an emphasis on natural products and the invention of new chemical methods.Sherman, Linda looks at the immune system's basic strategy of discriminating between "self" and "non-self" through T lymphocytes, seeking to augment their ability to respond to certain self-antigens on tumor cells and to diminish their aberrant destruction of self-tissue in autoimmune diseases. Srinivasan, Supriya studies the relative contributions of genetic, behavioral and environmental influences to adaptive homeostatic properties such as energy balance; she uses C. elegans as a model system to perform large-scale screens followed by characterization of molecular, genetic and neuroendocrine networks to identify new strategies for the management of human disorders including metabolic syndrome, obesity and accelerated aging.Stevens, Raymond uses crystallography and biochemistry to probe the structure and function of molecules involved in neurotransmission and neurochemistry, seeking to understand how neuronal cells communicate at the molecular level and to create new molecules that affect neuronal signal transduction and recognition. Stout, C. David determines crystal structures of a variety of biological macromolecules, primarily integral membrane associated enzymes and proton pumps, cytochrome P450s, and iron-sulfur enzymes, and including HIV protease mutants, self-assembling peptides, and RNA-protein complexes, in order to understand structure-function relationships and establish mechanism. Stowers, Lisa studies the ligands, neurons, and brain nuclei that initiate social behavior using molecular genetics and genomics; her work is determining the rules that generate the information coding of neuronal networks. Sun, Peiqing seeks to delineate the signal transduction pathways mediating cellular responses to oncogenic mutations, and to systematically search for genetic alterations that contribute to specific cancer-associated phenotypes by screening cDNA expression libraries and siRNA libraries. Surh, Charles studies how naive and memory T cells develop and survive under normal physiological conditions, and explores new ways of modulating T cells populations for treatment of cancer and autoimmune diseases.Tainer, John A. develops and applies advanced tools for high-impact structural biology including combined x-ray scattering in solution and x-ray crystallography on complexes at his synchrotron beamline to bridge from complexes and conformations to pathways and phenotypes by characterizing macromolecular machines, novel inhibitors, and the molecular basis for diseases and intervention strategies.Teyton, Luc crystallizes and solves the structures of TCR/pMHC complexes in order to elucidate the molecular mechanisms by which the ligation of the T cell receptor to its ligand, an MHC-peptide complex, activates T cells. Theofilopoulos, Argyrios works on the identification of predisposing and effector genes in systemic autoimmunity, as exemplified in spontaneous mouse models of lupus. Both forward (phenotype → genes) and reverse (gene → phenotype) approaches are used and several genes that promote (type I and II IFNs) or suppress (coronin 1A) this disease have thus far been identified. Topol, Eric studies the genome of patients who have particular medical conditions or who have been healthy beyond the 8th decade to determine variants associated with the phenotype. His research moves this information forward in medicine to provide individualization of medical care in the future. Torbett, Bruce studies transcriptional regulation of myeloid development and function, develops and tests novel techniques for delivering genes to cells to provide protection against HIV or cancer; he also investigates how the structural changes in HIV protease contribute to biochemical functions that confer protease inhibitor resistance.
Torkamani, Ali applies a systems biology framework to analysis and integration of numerous types of genomic data, including gene expression, mutation, and epigenetic information.Vogt, Peter K. examines mechanisms of oncogenic transformation by transcriptional regulators like Jun, Maf, Qin, FKHR, LEF/TCF, Myc, and Max; studies growth regulatory signals of the Wnt and PI 3-kinase pathways; and screens for anticancer compounds using in vitro and cell-based assays.
Ward, Andrew studies the structure and function of membrane protein complexes using x-ray crystallography, electron microscopy, and small angle x-ray scattering.Wentworth Jr., Paul investigates the chemistry and biology of reactive oxygen species, particularly of trioxygen species such as ozone, which have recently been shown to be generated by antibodies during bacterial killing and in inflammation; studies the therapeutic potential of designer biocatalysts; and designs novel protein glycoconjugates to generate new strategies for sepsis treatment. Whitton, J. Lindsay studies antiviral immunity mediated by the recognition of viral peptides by host cells, the basis of immunization with plasmid DNA vaccines, and the role of the immune system in viral pathogenesis during coxsackievirus infections. Williamson, Jamie studies the structure and dynamics of RNA molecules and RNA-protein complexes involved in the regulation of gene expression by employing NMR spectroscopy and X-ray crystallography for solving high-resolution three-dimensional structures and examining the mechanism of assembly of multiprotein-RNA complexes. Wilson, Ian has broad structural biology and structural genomics programs to determine thee-dimensional structure and biological function in a number of systems related to humoral, cellular and innate immunity, human disease, drug and vaccine design, influenza virus, HIV-1 , the expanding protein universe and metagenomics.Winzeler, Elizabeth develops new genome analysis technologies and applies them to study agents of infectious disease, such as the malaria parasite Plasmodium falciparum; her goal is to use genome sequence information, microarrays, and proteomics as a substitute for traditional forward and reverse genetic approaches for elucidation of gene function. Wiseman, R. Luke is interested in understanding the cellular and energetic factors that dictate intracellular protein folding as it relates to human disease. Wittenberg, Curt studies the role of cell cycle regulated transcription and proteolysis in cell cycle regulation via cyclin dependent protein kinases. Wolan, Dennis focuses on the identification of small molecule modulators of protein function as novel foundations for therapeutics and as tools for elucidating functional roles of enzymes in biological processes.Wong, Chi-Huey directs his research towards the development of new chemical-enzymatic strategies for the synthesis of biologically active compounds and chiral intermediates; the design and synthesis of mechanism-based inhibitors of enzymes or receptors; the study of carbohydrate-based biological recognition and its intervention; and the investigation of reaction mechanisms. Wright, Peter uses high-resolution, multi-dimensional, hetero-nuclear magnetic resonance (NMR) spectroscopy to study protein dynamics, folding, and recognition, particularly of structures of protein-DNA and protein-protein complexes involved in the regulation of transcription. Wu, Xiaohua studies the molecular mechanisms that regulate DNA repair and cell cycle checkpoint control in mammalian cells with an emphasis on how these activities contribute to the maintenance of genome stability and the prevention of cancer. Wuthrich, Kurt develops advanced techniques in nuclear magnetic resonance (NMR) spectroscopy and applies them in protein structural biology and structural genomics projects. Xiao, Changchun studies the functions of microRNA control and its underlying molecular mechanisms in the mammalian immune system, under health and disease conditions. Yates III, John develops and applies proteomics tools for analyzing extremely complex protein mixtures, studying host-pathogen interactions in diseases such as malaria, and finding post-translational modifications to the proteins within these same complex mixtures. Yu, Jin-Quan discovers regioselective and enantioselective reactions based on C-H activations and applies these reactions to drug discovery and natural product synthesis. Zwick, Michael dissects the molecular requirements of neutralization of HIV by antibodies, particularly those against the envelope glycoprotein, gp41; develops strategies for selecting HIV neutralizing antibodies and HIV envelope glycoprotein variants, to inform vaccine design.





Honors & Awards


Research Interests


Faculty & Professional Staff



 
 







CONNECT 

Scientific Events
Press Room
Procurement
Accounts Payable
ScrippsAssists
CA - Auditorium at TSRI
CA - Gluck Child Care
Contact Us




VISIT 

CA Campus:
• Maps & Directions
• Parking
FL Campus:
• Maps & Directions
• Parking




RESEARCH 

Faculty Directory
Scientific Departments
Faculty Interests
Cores & Shared Services
Technology Development
FCOI Compliance
TSRI’s Anti-Bribery Policy




LEARN 

Career Services
Community Outreach
Alumni
Society of Fellows
Society of
 Research Fellows




WORK 

Careers
CA - Outlook Web Access
FL - Outlook Web Access
International Services Office
Counseling Services
Anonymous Reporting




CHALLENGE 

Cancer
Diabetes and Obesity
Parkinson's Disease
Deafness
HIV/AIDS
Addiction
Mental Illness






Heart Disease
Alzheimer's Disease
Blindness
Arthritis
Cystic Fibrosis
More >>



 













 California: 10550 North Torrey Pines Road, La Jolla, CA 92037 - (858) 784-1000
 Florida: 130 Scripps Way, Jupiter, FL 33458 - (561) 228-2000


Copyright © 2017, The Scripps Research Institute (TSRI). All Rights Reserved.

 

Terms of Use











Wendy E  Scripps - CEO, founder, businessman - profile

















directorpedia.net - List of CEOs, founders, board members and company directors











Wendy E  Scripps
Check out list of companies and businesses related to Wendy E  Scripps. Find out Wendy E  Scripps address and contact details. View other people related to Wendy E  Scripps - coworkers, colleagues, companions, etc.
Address:   

259 EAST 7TH ST APT 5W NEW YORK 10009 NY




Companies related to Wendy E  Scripps
CIKCompany NamePositionCompany Address0000832428E.W. SCRIPPS Co10% Owner 312 WALNUT STREET  CININNATI 452020001430602Scripps Networks Interactive, Inc.10% Owner 9721 SHERRILL BOULEVARD  KNOXVILLE 37932




Wendy E  Scripps on the Web
Persons related to Wendy E  Scripps - E.W. SCRIPPS CoNamePositionCityWilliam  AppletonSVP and General Counsel CINCINNATIEva Scripps  Attal10% Owner FT. MITCHELLEva Scripps  Attal10% Owner FT. MITCHELLCharles L.  BarmondeDirector FT. MITCHELLKendall S.  Barmonde10% Owner FT. MITCHELLRICHARD A  BOEHNEChairman, President & CEO CINCINNATIRebecca Scripps  Brickner10% Owner FT. MITCHELLRebecca Scripps  Brickner10% Owner FT. MITCHELLSamantha J.  Brickner10% Owner FT. MITCHELLSavannah  BricknerFT. MITCHELLSavannah  Brickner10% Owner FT. MITCHELLWILLIAM R  BURLEIGHDirector CINCINNATIJOHN H  BURLINGAMEDirector CINCINNATIJOHN H  BURLINGAME FT. MITCHELLCareen  Cardin10% Owner FT. MITCHELLMichael W  CarrollAssistant Treasurer CINCINNATIRobert A  CarsonVP & Chief Information Officer CINCINNATIKELLY P  CONLINDirector NEW YORKKELLY P  CONLINDirector CINCINNATIMARK G  CONTRERASSVP/Newspapers CINCINNATIB JEFF  CRAIGVP & CTO CINCINNATIANATOLIO B  CRUZ IIIEVP & General Counsel CINCINNATIDOUGLAS A. EVANS 1983 TRUSTSAN DIEGOCody  Dubuc10% Owner FT. MITCHELLGREGORY L  EBELVP/Human Resources CINCINNATIEllen M. Scripps Kaheny Revocable Trust dtd April 17, 2014SAN DIEGOof Edith L. Tomasko  Estate10% Owner FT. MITCHELLof Robert P. Scripps, Jr.  Estate10% Owner FT. MITCHELLBarbara Victoria Scripps  EvansSAN DIEGODouglas A.  EvansSAN DIEGOPeggy Scripps  Evans10% Owner FT. MITCHELLThomas S  EvansSAN DIEGODAVID A  GALLOWAYDirector CINCINNATIPAUL F  GARDNERSenior VP CINCINNATIAnthony S.  Granado10% Owner FT. MITCHELLCorina S.  Granado10% Owner FT. MITCHELLCorina S.  Granado10% Owner FT. MITCHELLEllen B.  Granado10% Owner FT. MITCHELLGeraldine Scripps  Granado10% Owner FT. MITCHELLManuel E.  Granado10% Owner FT. MITCHELLRaymundo H. Jr.  Granado10% Owner FT. MITCHELLMark S  HaleSVP of Technology Operations CINCINNATIMike T  HalesVP of Audit & Compliance CINCINNATIJOHN W  HAYDENDirector AMELIAJOHN W  HAYDENDirector CINCINNATIAustin S  Heidt10% Owner FT. MITCHELLJulia Scripps  Heidt10% Owner FT. MITCHELLNathaniel W  Heidt10% Owner FT. MITCHELLRobert S  Heidt III10% Owner FT. MITCHELLLORI A  HICKOKVP & Controller CINCINNATIMonica  Holcomb10% Owner FT. MITCHELLALAN M  HORTONSVP/Newspapers CINCINNATIShannon Leigh  HowardFT. MITCHELLJOHN P. SCRIPPS TRUST EXEMPT TRUST UNDER AGREEMENT DATED 2/10/77SAN DIEGOJOHN P. SCRIPPS TRUST FBO DOUGLAS A. EVANS UNDER AGREEMENT DATED 12/28/84SAN DIEGOJOHN P. SCRIPPS TRUST FBO ELLEN MCRAE SCRIPPS UNDER AGREEMENT DATED 12/28/84SAN DIEGOJOHN P. SCRIPPS TRUST FBO PAUL K. SCRIPPS UNDER AGREEMENT DATED 2/10/77SAN DIEGOJOHN P. SCRIPPS TRUST UNDER AGREEMENT DATED 2/10/77 FBO BARBARA SCRIPPS EVANSSAN DIEGOJOHN P.SCRIPPS TRUST UNDER AGREEMENT DATED 2/10/77 FBO PETER M. SCRIPPSSAN DIEGOJohn Peter Scripps 2013 Revocable Trust dtd December 20, 2013SAN DIEGOLisa A  KnutsonSenior VP/Chief Admin. Officer CINCINNATIMark L  KoorsVP/Audit and Compliance CINCINNATIM DENISE  KUPRIONISVP, Sec. & Chief E&C Officer CINCINNATIDow Anne  LaDirector CINCINNATILA DOW FAMILY TRUST UNDER AGREEMENT DATED 6/29/2004SAN DIEGODow Peter R  LaSAN DIEGOJOHN F  LANSINGSVP/Scripps Networks CINCINNATIBrian G.  LawlorSr. VP/Broadcast CINCINNATIElizabeth A  Logan10% Owner FT. MITCHELLElizabeth A  Logan10% Owner FT. MITCHELLMaxwell Christopher  Logan10% Owner FT. MITCHELLSamuel Joseph  Logan10% Owner FT. MITCHELLKENNETH W  LOWEPresident & CEO CINCINNATICrystal Vasquez  Lozano10% Owner FT. MITCHELLDouglas F  LyonsVP, Controller & Treasurer CINCINNATIMARITAL TRUST OF THE LA DOW FAMILY TRUSTSAN DIEGOCharles Kyne  McCabe10% Owner FT. MITCHELLMolly E  McCabe10% Owner PORTLANDJenny Sue Scripps  Mitchell10% Owner FT. MITCHELLDAVID M  MOFFETTDirector CINCINNATIJARL  MOHNDirector CINCINNATIMonica Holcomb 2015 Trust10% Owner FT. MITCHELLJOSEPH G  NECASTROEVP & CFO CINCINNATIROGER  OGDENDirector MCLEANROGER  OGDENDirector CINCINNATIPAUL K. SCRIPPS FAMILY REVOCABLE TRUSTSAN DIEGONICHOLAS B  PAUMGARTENDirector CINCINNATIMary  Peirce10% Owner CINCINNATIPETER M. SCRIPPS TRUST UNDER AGREEMENT DATED 11/13/2002SAN DIEGOTIM  PETERMANSVP/Corporate Development CINCINNATIWILLIAM B  PETERSONSVP/Television Station Group CINCINNATIJ MARVIN  QUINDirector COVINGTONJ MARVIN  QUINDirector CINCINNATIJ MARVIN  QUINCINCINNATIJEFFREY  SAGANSKYDirector CINCINNATIMary Ann S.  Sanchez10% Owner FT. MITCHELLVanessa L.  SanchezFT. MITCHELLVeronica E.  SanchezFT. MITCHELLNACKEY E  SCAGLIOTTI10% Owner CINCINNATINACKEY E  SCAGLIOTTI10% Owner FT. MITCHELLR. Michael  Scagliotti10% Owner FT. MITCHELLMark F  SchuermannAssistant Treasurer CINCINNATIADAM R  SCRIPPS10% Owner FT. MITCHELLBrittany Jean  ScrippsFT. MITCHELLCHARLES E  SCRIPPS10% Owner FT. MITCHELLCHARLES E  SCRIPPS10% Owner FT. MITCHELLCynthia J  Scripps10% Owner FT. MITCHELLEaton M  Scripps10% Owner FT. MITCHELLEaton M  Scripps10% Owner FT. MITCHELLEDWARD W  SCRIPPS10% Owner CINCINNATIEDWARD W  SCRIPPS10% Owner FT. MITCHELLEDWARD W  SCRIPPS10% Owner FT. MITCHELLSCRIPPS EDWARD W TRUST10% Owner FORT MYERSSCRIPPS EDWARD W TRUST10% Owner FT. MYERSSCRIPPS EDWARD W TRUST10% Owner FT. MEYERSEli W  Scripps10% Owner FT. MITCHELLElizabeth  Scripps10% Owner FT. MITCHELLEllen McCrae  ScrippsSAN DIEGOEllen McRae  Scripps10% Owner SAN DIEGOScripps Family 1992 Revocable Trust, dated 06-09-92FT MITCHELLGerald J.  Scripps10% Owner FT. MITCHELLGerald J.  Scripps10% Owner FT. MITCHELLJ. Sebastian  Scripps10% Owner FT. MITCHELLJ. Sebastian  Scripps10% Owner FT. MITCHELLJessica L.  Scripps10% Owner FT. MITCHELLJimmy R.  Scripps10% Owner FT. MITCHELLJohn Patrick  Scripps10% Owner FT. MITCHELLJonathan L  Scripps10% Owner FT. MITCHELLKathy  Scripps10% Owner FT. MITCHELL(Klenzing) Margaret E.  Scripps10% Owner FT. MITCHELL(Klenzing) Margaret E.  Scripps10% Owner FT. MITCHELLPAUL K  SCRIPPS10% Owner CINCINNATIPeter M  ScrippsSAN DIEGOSam D.F.  Scripps10% Owner FT. MITCHELL(Wade) Marilyn J.  Scripps10% Owner FT. MITCHELLWelland H  Scripps10% Owner FT. MITCHELLWendy E  Scripps10% Owner NEW YORKWesley W.  Scripps10% Owner FT. MITCHELLWesley W.  ScrippsFT. MITCHELLWilliam A.  Scripps10% Owner FT. MITCHELLWilliam A. Jr.  Scripps10% Owner FT. MITCHELLWilliam A. Jr.  ScrippsFT. MITCHELLWilliam H.  Scripps10% Owner FT. MITCHELLJohn P  Sripps10% Owner SAN DIEGOTIMOTHY E  STAUTBERGSenior VP/Newspapers CINCINNATISTEPHEN W  SULLIVANVP/Newspaper Oper. CINCINNATIAdam  SymsonChief Operating Officer CINCINNATIMegan Scripps  Tagliaferri10% Owner FT. MITCHELLMegan Scripps  TagliaferriLONG BEACHTHOMAS S. EVANS IRREVOCABLE TRUST UNDER AGREEMENT DATED 11/13/2012SAN DIEGOPete  ThompsonMILPITASEdith L  Tomasko10% Owner FT. MITCHELLEdith L  Tomasko10% Owner FT. MITCHELLRONALD W  TYSOEDirector CINCINNATIJames Bryce  Vasquez10% Owner FT. MITCHELLKeon Korey  Vasquez10% Owner FT. MITCHELLVirginia S.  Vasquez10% Owner FT. MITCHELLVirginia S.  Vasquez10% Owner FT. MITCHELLVICTORIA S. EVANS TRUST UNDER AGREEMENT DATED 5/19/2004SAN DIEGOJohn E  ViterisiVice President/Tax CINCINNATIJennifer L  WeberSVP/Human Resources CINCINNATITimothy M  WesolowskiSVP and CFO CINCINNATITimothy M  WesolowskiSVP, CFO and Treasurer CINCINNATIKim  WilliamsDirector FEDERAL WAYKim  WilliamsDirector CINCINNATIE JOHN  WOLFZORNVP & Treasurer CINCINNATIJULIE A  WRIGLEYDirector CINCINNATIPersons related to Wendy E  Scripps - Scripps Networks Interactive, Inc.NamePositionCityAnne M. La Dow Trust under Agreement dated 10/27/2011SAN DIEGOEva Scripps  Attal10% Owner FT. MITCHELLEva Scripps  Attal10% Owner FT. MITCHELLCharles L.  Barmonde10% Owner FT. MITCHELLKendall S.  BarmondeFT. MITCHELLGina L  BianchiniDirector CINCINNATIChad M  BoydstonVice President & Controller CINCINNATIChad M  BoydstonSVP, Controller & Emer Bus CFO CINCINNATIRebecca Scripps  Brickner10% Owner FT. MITCHELLRebecca Scripps  Brickner10% Owner FT. MITCHELLSamantha J.  Brickner10% Owner FT. MITCHELLSavannah  Brickner10% Owner FT. MITCHELLJOHN H  BURLINGAMEDirector CINCINNATIJOHN H  BURLINGAMEDirector CINCINNATICareen  Cardin10% Owner FT. MITCHELLMichael R  CostaDirector CINCINNATIANATOLIO B  CRUZ IIIEVP, CLO & Corporate Secretary CINCINNATIANATOLIO B  CRUZ IIICLO & Corporate Secretary CINCINNATIDOUGLAS A. EVANS 1983 TRUSTSAN DIEGOCody  Dubuc10% Owner FT. MITCHELLEllen M. Scripps Kaheny Revocable Trust dtd April 17, 2014SAN DIEGOELLEN MCRAE SCRIPPS 1983 TRUSTSAN DIEGOof Edith L. Tomasko  Estate10% Owner FT. MITCHELLof Robert P. Scripps, Jr.  Estate10% Owner FT. MITCHELLBarbara Victoria Scripps  EvansSAN DIEGODouglas A.  EvansSAN DIEGOPeggy Scripps  Evans10% Owner FT. MITCHELLThomas S  EvansSAN DIEGODAVID A  GALLOWAYDirector CINCINNATIDAVID A  GALLOWAYDirector CINCINNATICynthia L  GibsonEVP and CLO CINCINNATIAnthony S.  Granado10% Owner FT. MITCHELLCorina S.  Granado10% Owner FT. MITCHELLCorina S.  Granado10% Owner FT. MITCHELLEllen B.  Granado10% Owner FT. MITCHELLGeraldine Scripps  Granado10% Owner FT. MITCHELLManuel E.  Granado10% Owner FT. MITCHELLRaymundo H. Jr.  Granado10% Owner FT. MITCHELLMark S  HaleEVP, Global Operations & CTO CINCINNATIMark S  HaleEVP, Operations & CTO CINCINNATIAustin S  Heidt10% Owner FT. MITCHELLJulia Scripps  Heidt10% Owner FT. MITCHELLJulia Scripps  Heidt10% Owner FT. MITCHELLNathaniel W  Heidt10% Owner FT. MITCHELLRobert S  Heidt III10% Owner FT. MITCHELLLORI A  HICKOKEVP, CFO CINCINNATILORI A  HICKOKEVP, Finance CINCINNATIMonica  Holcomb10% Owner FT. MITCHELLShannon Leigh  HowardFT. MITCHELLBurton F  JablinChief Operating Officer CINCINNATIJOHN P. SCRIPPS TRUST EXEMPT TRUST UNDER AGREEMENT DATED 2/10/77SAN DIEGOJOHN P. SCRIPPS TRUST FBO DOUGLAS A. EVANS UNDER AGREEMENT DATED 12/28/84SAN DIEGOJOHN P. SCRIPPS TRUST FBO ELLEN MCRAE SCRIPPS UNDER AGREEMENT DATED 12/28/84SAN DIEGOJOHN P. SCRIPPS TRUST FBO JOHN PETER SCRIPPS UNDER AGREEMENT DATED 12/28/84SAN DIEGOJOHN P. SCRIPPS TRUST FBO PAUL K. SCRIPPS UNDER AGREEMENT DATED 2/10/77SAN DIEGOJOHN P. SCRIPPS TRUST UNDER AGREEMENT DATED 2/10/77 FBO BARBARA SCRIPPS EVANSSAN DIEGOJOHN P.SCRIPPS TRUST UNDER AGREEMENT DATED 2/10/77 FBO PETER M. SCRIPPSSAN DIEGOJOHN P. SCRIPPS TRUST UNDER AGREEMENT DATED 2/10/77 FBO PETER M. SCRIPPSSAN DIEGOJOHN PETER SCRIPPS 1983 TRUSTSAN DIEGOJohn Peter Scripps 2013 Revocable Trust dtd December 20, 2013SAN DIEGOEllen M. Scripps  Kaheny10% Owner SAN DIEGOPhilip I  KentDirector KNOXVILLEMargaret Scripps  Klenzing10% Owner FT. MITCHELLDow Anne  LaSAN DIEGOLA DOW FAMILY TRUST UNDER AGREEMENT DATED 6/29/2004SAN DIEGODow Peter R  LaSAN DIEGOJOHN F  LANSINGExecutive Vice President CINCINNATIJOHN F  LANSINGPresident, Scripps Networks CINCINNATIElizabeth A  Logan10% Owner FT. MITCHELLElizabeth A  Logan10% Owner FT. MITCHELLMaxwell Christopher  Logan10% Owner FT. MITCHELLSamuel Joseph  Logan10% Owner FT. MITCHELLKENNETH W  LOWEChairman, President & CEO CINCINNATIKENNETH W  LOWEChairman, President & CEO CINCINNATIKENNETH W  LOWEChairman, President & CEO CINCINNATICrystal Vasquez  LozanoFT. MITCHELLMARITAL TRUST OF THE LA DOW FAMILY TRUSTSAN DIEGOCharles Kyne  McCabe10% Owner FT. MITCHELLCharles Kyne  McCabe10% Owner FT. MITCHELLMolly E  McCabe10% Owner PORTLANDMolly E  McCabe10% Owner SANTA MONICADonald E  MeihausDirector KNOXVILLEMelissa S  MickCINCINNATIJenny Sue Scripps  Mitchell10% Owner FT. MITCHELLJARL  MOHNDirector CINCINNATIJARL  MOHNDirector CINCINNATIMonica Holcomb 2015 Trust10% Owner FT. MITCHELLJOSEPH G  NECASTROChief Development Officer CINCINNATIJOSEPH G  NECASTROChief Fin'l & Admin. Officer CINCINNATIRichelle P  ParhamDirector CINCINNATIPAUL K. SCRIPPS FAMILY REVOCABLE TRUSTSAN DIEGONICHOLAS B  PAUMGARTENDirector CINCINNATINICHOLAS B  PAUMGARTENDirector CINCINNATIMary  PeirceDirector CINCINNATIMary  PeirceDirector CINCINNATIMary  PeirceDirector CINCINNATIMary  PeirceDirector FT. MITCHELLNello-John  Pesci JrEVP, Chief HR Officer CINCINNATIPETER M. SCRIPPS TRUST UNDER AGREEMENT DATED 11/13/2002SAN DIEGODALE  PONDDirector CINCINNATIDALE  PONDDirector CINCINNATIChristopher R  PowellEVP, Human Resources CINCINNATIMary E  RayVP, Deputy GC & Ass't Corp Sec CINCINNATIMary E  RaySVP, Dep. GC & Ass't Corp Sec CINCINNATIJEFFREY  SAGANSKYDirector WEST PALM BEACHJEFFREY  SAGANSKYDirector CINCINNATIJEFFREY  SAGANSKYDirector CINCINNATIMary Ann S.  Sanchez10% Owner FT. MITCHELLMary Ann S.  Sanchez10% Owner FT. MITCHELLVanessa L.  SanchezFT. MITCHELLVeronica E.  SanchezFT. MITCHELLNACKEY E  SCAGLIOTTI10% Owner CINCINNATINACKEY E  SCAGLIOTTIDirector CINCINNATINACKEY E  SCAGLIOTTIDirector CINCINNATINACKEY E  SCAGLIOTTIDirector FT. MITCHELLR. Michael  Scagliotti10% Owner FT. MITCHELLR. Michael  Scagliotti10% Owner FT. MITCHELLMark F  SchuermannVice President & Treasurer CINCINNATIMark F  SchuermannSVP & Treasurer CINCINNATIADAM R  SCRIPPS10% Owner FT. MITCHELLADAM R  SCRIPPS10% Owner FT. MITCHELLBrittany Jean  ScrippsFT. MITCHELLCHARLES E  SCRIPPS10% Owner FT. MITCHELLCHARLES E  SCRIPPS10% Owner FT. MITCHELLCynthia J  Scripps10% Owner FT. MITCHELLCynthia J  Scripps10% Owner FT. MITCHELLEaton M  ScrippsDirector FT. MITCHELLEaton M  Scripps10% Owner FT. MITCHELLEDWARD W  SCRIPPS10% Owner CINCINNATIEDWARD W  SCRIPPS10% Owner FT. MITCHELLEDWARD W  SCRIPPS10% Owner FT. MITCHELLSCRIPPS EDWARD W TRUST10% Owner FORT MYERSSCRIPPS EDWARD W TRUST10% Owner FT. MYERSSCRIPPS EDWARD W TRUST10% Owner FT. MEYERSEli W  Scripps10% Owner FT. MITCHELLEli W  Scripps10% Owner FT. MITCHELLElizabeth  Scripps10% Owner FT. MITCHELLEllen McCrae  ScrippsSAN DIEGOScripps Family 1992 Revocable Trust, dated 06-09-92FT MITCHELLScripps Family 1992 Revocable Trust, dated 06-09-92FT MITCHELLScripps Family 1992 Revocable Trust, dated 06-09-92BEVERLY HILLSGerald J.  Scripps10% Owner FT. MITCHELLGerald J.  Scripps10% Owner FT. MITCHELLJ. Sebastian  Scripps10% Owner FT. MITCHELLJ. Sebastian  Scripps10% Owner FT. MITCHELLJessica L.  Scripps10% Owner FT. MITCHELLJimmy R.  Scripps10% Owner FT. MITCHELLJimmy R.  Scripps10% Owner FT. MITCHELLJohn Patrick  Scripps10% Owner FT. MITCHELLJonathan L  Scripps10% Owner FT. MITCHELLJonathan L  Scripps10% Owner FT. MITCHELLKathryn A.  ScrippsBEVERLY HILLSKathy  Scripps10% Owner FT. MITCHELL(Klenzing) Margaret E.  Scripps10% Owner FT. MITCHELL(Klenzing) Margaret E.  Scripps10% Owner FT. MITCHELL(Klenzing) Margaret E.  Scripps10% Owner FT. MITCHELLPAUL K  SCRIPPS10% Owner CINCINNATIPAUL K  SCRIPPS10% Owner SAN DIEGOPeter M  ScrippsSAN DIEGOSam D.F.  Scripps10% Owner FT. MITCHELL(Wade) Marilyn J.  Scripps10% Owner FT. MITCHELL(Wade) Marilyn J.  Scripps10% Owner FT. MITCHELL(Wade) Marilyn J.  Scripps10% Owner FT. MITCHELLWelland H  Scripps10% Owner FT. MITCHELLWendy E  Scripps10% Owner NEW YORKWesley W.  ScrippsDirector FT. MITCHELLWesley W.  Scripps10% Owner FT. MITCHELLWesley W.  ScrippsFT. MITCHELLWesley W.  ScrippsDirector CINCINNATIWilliam A.  Scripps10% Owner FT. MITCHELLWilliam A.  Scripps10% Owner FT. MITCHELLWilliam A. Jr.  Scripps10% Owner FT. MITCHELLWilliam A. Jr.  ScrippsFT. MITCHELLWilliam H.  Scripps10% Owner FT. MITCHELLWilliam H.  Scripps10% Owner FT. MITCHELLWilliam H.  Scripps10% Owner BEVERLY HILLSDennis W  ShulerEVP, Chief HR Officer CINCINNATIJohn P  Sripps10% Owner SAN DIEGOMegan Scripps  Tagliaferri10% Owner FT. MITCHELLMegan Scripps  Tagliaferri10% Owner LONG BEACHMegan Scripps  Tagliaferri10% Owner SANTA MONICAMary E  TalbottSVP, Dep. GC & Ass't Corp Sec CINCINNATITHOMAS S. EVANS IRREVOCABLE TRUST UNDER AGREEMENT DATED 11/13/2012SAN DIEGOEdith L  Tomasko10% Owner FT. MITCHELLEdith L  Tomasko10% Owner FT. MITCHELLRONALD W  TYSOEDirector RONALD W  TYSOEDirector CINCINNATIRONALD W  TYSOEDirector CINCINNATIJames Bryce  Vasquez10% Owner FT. MITCHELLKeon Korey  VasquezFT. MITCHELLKeon Korey  Vasquez10% Owner FT. MITCHELLVirginia S.  Vasquez10% Owner FT. MITCHELLVirginia S.  Vasquez10% Owner FT. MITCHELLVICTORIA S. EVANS TRUST UNDER AGREEMENT DATED 5/19/2004SAN DIEGOJohn E  ViterisiVice President/Tax CINCINNATIJohn E  ViterisiSVP, Tax CINCINNATIMarilyn  Wade10% Owner FT. MITCHELLJennifer L  WeberSVP of Human Resources CINCINNATI












 









Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Scripps Wendy E Top Holdings  

































WhaleWisdom









Search All
Search 13F Filers Only
Search SEC Filer
Search Stocks Only
Search Mgmt Inv. Cos Only
ETFs Only
Search Active




















                      Scripps Wendy E
                    

•   NEW YORK, NY
                      
How do I update this listing?




                                             Scripps Wendy E is based out of New York.    WhaleWisdom has at least 4 insider transactions (Form 3,4,5) in our database for Scripps Wendy E. 
                                           














Summary
13D/G
Insider (Form 4)



   Create Email Alert
 




×
Email Notification.







                   ***Log In or
                   Sign-up
                   to see more advanced email alert options such as selecting any type of
                   SEC form, multiple filers or classes of filers, and much more.***
                 

                    ...or to simply have an email sent to you whenever we receive a new
                           13F filing from Scripps Wendy E, enter your
                    email address below and choose 'Submit'.
                

Your email:








Cancel














Contact Info




scripps wendy e


259 EAST 7TH ST

NEW YORK
NY
                                                        
                                                    10009


                                                      Business Phone:
                                                      5139773000
SEC SIC CODE:2711-NEWSPAPERS: PUBLISHING OR PUBLISHING & PRINTING







Recent SEC Filings




4 filed on 12/27/2016
4 filed on 11/20/2015
4 filed on 06/26/2015
4 filed on 12/23/2014
4/A filed on 12/22/2014
4 filed on 12/18/2014
4 filed on 03/18/2013
4 filed on 03/18/2013
3 filed on 01/29/2013
3 filed on 01/29/2013
















Schedule 13D and 13G events since 03/31/2017

Subscription required



 
Form 4 - Non-derivative Insider Transactions Since 03/31/2017
Loading...








Elevate your investments
Try it for free

















