






SEACOR Holdings Inc. - corporate info


























 Alerts



Investor Relations





Company InformationOverviewProfileExecutive OfficersNews/EventsPress ReleasesMedia CenterIR CalendarShareholder ResourcesInvestor ContactsInvestor/Media KitEmail AlertsFAQIRS Form 8937Stock InformationQuoteChartsHistorical QuotesFinancial InformationFinancialsAnnual Reports10-K ReportsQuarterly ReportsProxy StatementsLetters to StockholdersCorporate GovernanceBoard of DirectorsBoard CommitteesGovernance DocumentsCommunicationsWhistleblowerSEC FilingsAll SEC FilingsInsiders Summary







Board of Directors


Email Alerts

Investor Contacts
RSS News Feed


Charles FabrikantExecutive Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
Charles Fabrikant is Executive Chairman and Chief Executive Officer and has been a director of the Company and several of its subsidiaries since the Company’s inception in 1989.  Mr. Fabrikant has served as a director and member of the Audit Committee of Diamond Offshore Drilling, Inc., a contract oil and gas driller, since January 2004.  Mr. Fabrikant serves as the Non-Executive Chairman of the Board of the Company’s former aviation division, Era Group Inc. (“Era Group”), an international helicopter operator providing transportation services to the offshore drilling industry.  He served as the President and Chief Executive Officer of Era Group from October 2011 through April 2012 and as a Director of Dorian LPG Ltd., a liquefied petroleum gas shipping company and leading owner and operator of modern Very Large Gas Carriers (“VLGCs”), from July 2013 through December 2015.  Mr. Fabrikant is also a Director of Hawker Pacific Airservices, Limited, an aviation sales product support, company and President of Fabrikant International Corporation (“FIC”), a privately owned corporation engaged in marine investments.  FIC may be deemed an affiliate of the Company. Mr. Fabrikant is a graduate of Columbia University School of Law and Harvard University.With over 30 years experience in the maritime, transportation, investment and environmental industries and given his position as the founder and former President and current Chief Executive Officer of the Company, Mr. Fabrikant’s broad experience and deep understanding of the Company make him uniquely qualified to serve as a director.

Oivind LorentzenDirector and Vice Chairman
 Oivind Lorentzen is Vice Chairman of the Board and has been a director of the Company since August 2001. Mr. Lorentzen served as Chief Executive Officer of the Company from September 2010 through February 2015. He served as a director of the Company’s former aviation division, Era Group, from February 2013 through October 2014. From 1990 until September 2010, Mr. Lorentzen was President of Northern Navigation America, Inc., a Stamford, Connecticut, based investment management and ship-owning agency company concentrating in specialized marine transportation and ship finance. From 1979 to 1990, Mr. Lorentzen was Managing Director of Lorentzen Empreendimentos S.A., an industrial and shipping group in Brazil, and he served on its Board of Directors until December 2005. Mr. Lorentzen was Chairman of NFC Shipping Funds, a leading private equity fund in the maritime industry, from 2000 to 2008. Mr. Lorentzen is Managing Director of Northern Navigation LLC, an investment management company and a Director of Dorian LPG Ltd., a liquefied petroleum gas shipping company and leading owner and operator of modern VLGCs. He is also a director of Blue Danube, Inc., a privately owned corporation engaged as an inland marine service provider, and a director of Genesee & Wyoming Inc., an owner and operator of short line and regional freight railroads. Mr. Lorentzen’s strong background in finance in the maritime industry and his having served as the CEO of an investment management and ship-owning company specializing in ship finance, adds a valuable perspective to the Board. As the Company’s former Chief Executive Officer, Mr. Lorentzen also provides valuable insight to the Board and a deep understanding of the Company’s operations.

David BerzDirector
David R. Berz has been a director of the Company since February 2014. From August 1985 through December 2013, Mr. Berz was a partner of Weil, Gotshal & Manges LLP, where he headed the law firm’s environmental practice. Mr. Berz is a nationally acknowledged authority on U.S. and international environmental law. As a litigator, he served as lead counsel in civil and criminal environmental matters involving federal and state water, air and hazardous waste and substance statutes. He regularly counseled multinational corporations and boards of directors in developing environmental compliance and social responsibility programs and serves as environmental counsel to financial institutions. He co-authored the three-volume treatise Environmental Law in Real Estate and Business Transactions and frequently lectures and writes on a broad range of environmental topics. Mr. Berz received the American Bar Association’s 2011 Award for Excellence in Environmental and Resources Stewardship. Mr. Berz serves on the Board of Trustees of the Legal Aid Society of the District of Columbia and on the Board of Governors of the American Jewish Committee. He is past president of the Dean’s Council of the George Washington University School of Law. Mr. Berz’s extensive knowledge of U.S. and international environmental law has been and will continue to be of invaluable assistance to the Company in assessing and complying with local, state, federal and international water and air quality standards.

Pierre de DemandolxDirector
Pierre de Demandolx has been a director of the Company since April 1994. He has been a general partner of DPH Conseils, a Paris-based shipping and energy consulting company, since October 2003 and a director and a member of the Audit Committee of Capital Product LP, an international transportation company focused on the crude tanker industry, since November 2011 after its merger with Crude Carriers Corp. He was a director of Crude Carriers Corp. from March 2010 until October 2011. From April 1999 until October 2003, Mr. de Demandolx was the Managing Director of Petroleum Development and Diversification, a London-based consulting agency. From 1995 until September 2001, he was a director of Compagnie Nationale de Navigation (“CNN”), a Paris-based public shipping company owned by Worms et Cie until 1998, and owned by Compagnie Maritime Belge until 2001. Mr. de Demandolx was the Chief Executive Officer of CNN from September 1990 to June 1996. From 1996 until October 1997, Mr. de Demandolx was the Chairman of the Board of Héli-Union, a Paris-based helicopter transportation company. Mr. de Demandolx’s extensive experience in the shipping and energy industries adds great value to the Board as his experience is directly related to the Company’s lines of business and adds perspective to the Compensation Committee, of which he is a member.

David M. SchizerDirector
David M. Schizer has been a director of the Company since November 2014. He is Dean Emeritus and the Harvey R. Miller Professor of Law and Economics at Columbia Law School. He served as Dean of Columbia Law School from July 1, 2004 through June 30, 2014. Mr. Schizer served on the Board of Directors of Sapphire Industries, a blank check acquisition company, from December 2007 through December 2010. Mr. Schizer also serves as Co-director of the Richard P. Richman Center for Business, Law, and Public Policy; Co-Director of the Charles Evans Gerber Transactional Studies Center; Co-Director of the Center for Israeli Legal Studies; Director of the Columbia Law review; Director of PMN, the parent company of the Philadelphia Inquirer; President and director of America’s Voices in Israel, a nonprofit that brings celebrities to Israel; and Director of the 92nd Street Y. Mr. Schizer is one of the nation’s leading tax law scholars, and also is an expert in energy law and corporate governance issues. Mr. Schizer’s experience in complex financial and tax transactions, energy law and corporate governance provides valuable insight in analyzing complex financial and tax initiatives brings significant value to the Audit Committee and Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee, of which he is a member.







Copyright © 2017 SEACOR 
    All rights reserved.


CORPORATEINFORMATION
Corporate Culture
Corporate Social Responsibility
Safety
Senior Management
Board of Directors
Careers
Site Index


BUSINESS UNITS
Inland River Services
Shipping Services
Witt O'Brien's
Other


MEDIA CENTER
Press Releases
Corporate Brochure
Email Alerts


INVESTORS
Company InformationNews/EventsShareholder ResourcesStock InformationFinancial InformationCorporate GovernanceSEC Filings


CONTACT US








You are about to review presentations, reports and/or filings of SEACOR Marine Holdings Inc. that contain time-sensitive information. SEACOR Marine Holdings Inc. will not be reviewing or updating the material that is contained in these items after the date thereof. The information contained therein may be updated, amended, supplemented or otherwise altered by subsequent presentations, reports and/or filings by SEACOR Marine Holdings Inc.
All statements included or incorporated by reference in these presentations, reports and/or filings, other than statements or characterizations of historical fact, contain "forward-looking statements". There can be no assurance that any forward-looking statements will be achieved, and actual results could differ materially from forecasts and estimates. Important factors that could affect the company include the risks described in the sections entitled "Forward-Looking Statements", Item 1A, "Risk Factors" and elsewhere in the company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for fiscal years ending on December 31, filed with the SEC, or in subsequently filed periodic, current or other reports. The company undertakes no commitment to update or revise forward-looking statements except as required by law.









SEACOR Holdings Inc. - corporate info


























 Alerts



Investor Relations





Company InformationOverviewProfileExecutive OfficersNews/EventsPress ReleasesMedia CenterIR CalendarShareholder ResourcesInvestor ContactsInvestor/Media KitEmail AlertsFAQIRS Form 8937Stock InformationQuoteChartsHistorical QuotesFinancial InformationFinancialsAnnual Reports10-K ReportsQuarterly ReportsProxy StatementsLetters to StockholdersCorporate GovernanceBoard of DirectorsBoard CommitteesGovernance DocumentsCommunicationsWhistleblowerSEC FilingsAll SEC FilingsInsiders Summary







Press Releases


Email Alerts

Investor Contacts
RSS News Feed


Seacor Announces Joint Venture With Avista Capital Partners
Download PDF

FORT LAUDERDALE, FL -- (Marketwired) -- 05/05/14 -- 
 SEACOR Holdings Inc. (NYSE: CKH) ("SEACOR" or the "Company") today announced it entered into a joint venture with Avista Capital Partners ("Avista"), a private equity firm specializing in investments primarily in growth oriented energy, healthcare, communications and media, industrial and consumer companies. 
Avista, through a wholly-owned subsidiary, invested approximately $150.0 million in cash for a non-controlling ownership interest in SEACOR subsidiaries operating a fleet of seven U.S.-flag Jones Act vessels (five owned and two leased-in) used for U.S. coastwise trade of crude oil, petroleum and specialty chemical products as well as a contract for the construction of three 50,000 DWT (deadweight tonnage) product tankers with National Steel and Shipbuilding Company ("NASSCO"), a wholly-owned subsidiary of General Dynamics Corporation, with expected deliveries in May 2016, October 2016 and March 2017. The vessels will continue to be managed and crewed by SEACOR subsidiaries pursuant to ship management and crew management agreements.
Oivind Lorentzen, Chief Executive Officer of SEACOR, stated, "Avista is a natural partner for SEACOR given its history with the Company and its extensive experience in the energy market." Mr. Lorentzen added, "This transaction ensures additional capital for new construction and positions the Company to order additional equipment as market opportunities develop."
About SEACOR 
SEACOR and its subsidiaries are in the business of owning, operating, investing in and marketing equipment, primarily in the offshore oil and gas, shipping and logistics industries. SEACOR offers customers a diversified suite of services and equipment, including offshore marine, inland river storage and handling, distribution of petroleum, chemical and agricultural commodities, and shipping. SEACOR is dedicated to building innovative, modern, "next generation," efficient marine equipment while providing highly responsive service with the highest safety standards, and dedicated professional employees. SEACOR is publicly traded on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) under the symbol CKH.
Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 
Certain statements discussed in this release as well as in other reports, materials and oral statements that the Company releases from time to time to the public constitute "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Generally, words such as "anticipate," "estimate," "expect," "project," "intend," "believe," "plan," "target," "forecast" and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements concern management's expectations, strategic objectives, business prospects, anticipated economic performance and financial condition and other similar matters. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and actual events or results may differ significantly from these statements. Actual events or results are subject to significant known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other important factors, including decreased demand and loss of revenues as a result of additional safety and certification requirements for drilling activities in the U.S. Gulf of Mexico and delayed approval of applications for such activities, the possibility of U.S. government implemented moratoriums directing operators to cease certain drilling activities in the U.S. Gulf of Mexico and any extension of such moratoriums (the "Moratoriums"), weakening demand for the Company's services as a result of unplanned customer suspensions, cancellations, rate reductions or non-renewals of vessel charters or failures to finalize commitments to charter vessels in response to Moratoriums, increased government legislation and regulation of the Company's businesses could increase cost of operations, increased competition if the Jones Act is repealed, liability, legal fees and costs in connection with the past provision of emergency response services, including the Company's involvement in response to the oil spill as a result of the sinking of the Deepwater Horizon in April 2010, decreased demand for the Company's services as a result of declines in the global economy, declines in valuations in the global financial markets and a lack of liquidity in the credit sectors, including, interest rate fluctuations, availability of credit, inflation rates, change in laws, trade barriers, commodity prices and currency exchange fluctuations, the cyclical nature of the oil and gas industry, activity in foreign countries and changes in foreign political, military and economic conditions, changes in foreign and domestic oil and gas exploration and production activity, safety record requirements related to Offshore Marine Services and Shipping Services, decreased demand for Shipping Services due to construction of additional refined petroleum product, natural gas or crude oil pipelines or due to decreased demand for refined petroleum products, crude oil or chemical products or a change in existing methods of delivery, compliance with U.S. and foreign government laws and regulations, including environmental laws and regulations, the dependence of Offshore Marine Services and Shipping Services on several customers, consolidation of the Company's customer base, the ongoing need to replace aging vessels, industry fleet capacity, restrictions imposed by the Shipping Acts on the amount of foreign ownership of the Company's Common Stock, operational risks of Offshore Marine Services, Inland River Services and Shipping Services, effects of adverse weather conditions and seasonality, the level of grain export volume, the effect of fuel prices on barge towing costs, variability in freight rates for inland river barges, the effect of international economic and political factors on Inland River Services' operations, sudden and unexpected changes in commodity prices, futures and options, global weather conditions, political instability, changes in currency exchanges rates, and product availability in agriculture commodity trading and logistics activities, adequacy of insurance coverage, the potential for a material weakness in the Company's internal controls over financial reporting and the Company's ability to remediate such potential material weakness, the attraction and retention of qualified personnel by the Company, and various other matters and factors, many of which are beyond the Company's control as well as those discussed in Item 1A (Risk Factors) of the Company's Annual report on Form 10-K. In addition, these statements constitute the Company's cautionary statements under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. It should be understood that it is not possible to predict or identify all such factors. Consequently, the preceding should not be considered to be a complete discussion of all potential risks or uncertainties. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of the document in which they are made. The Company disclaims any obligation or undertaking to provide any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statement to reflect any change in the Company's expectations or any change in events, conditions or circumstances on which the forward-looking statement is based, except as required by law. It is advisable, however, to consult any further disclosures the Company makes on related subjects in its filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and Current Reports on Form 8-K (if any).

For additional information, contact 
Molly Hottinger 
(954) 627-5278 
or visit SEACOR's website at www.seacorholdings.com

Source: SEACOR Holdings Inc.

Released May 5, 2014







Copyright © 2017 SEACOR 
    All rights reserved.


CORPORATEINFORMATION
Corporate Culture
Corporate Social Responsibility
Safety
Senior Management
Board of Directors
Careers
Site Index


BUSINESS UNITS
Inland River Services
Shipping Services
Witt O'Brien's
Other


MEDIA CENTER
Press Releases
Corporate Brochure
Email Alerts


INVESTORS
Company InformationNews/EventsShareholder ResourcesStock InformationFinancial InformationCorporate GovernanceSEC Filings


CONTACT US








You are about to review presentations, reports and/or filings of SEACOR Marine Holdings Inc. that contain time-sensitive information. SEACOR Marine Holdings Inc. will not be reviewing or updating the material that is contained in these items after the date thereof. The information contained therein may be updated, amended, supplemented or otherwise altered by subsequent presentations, reports and/or filings by SEACOR Marine Holdings Inc.
All statements included or incorporated by reference in these presentations, reports and/or filings, other than statements or characterizations of historical fact, contain "forward-looking statements". There can be no assurance that any forward-looking statements will be achieved, and actual results could differ materially from forecasts and estimates. Important factors that could affect the company include the risks described in the sections entitled "Forward-Looking Statements", Item 1A, "Risk Factors" and elsewhere in the company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for fiscal years ending on December 31, filed with the SEC, or in subsequently filed periodic, current or other reports. The company undertakes no commitment to update or revise forward-looking statements except as required by law.


SEACOR Holdings Inc. 8-K Feb. 14, 2017  7:28 AM | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO»SEACOR Holdings Inc. (CKH)FORM 8-K | Current reportFeb. 14, 2017  7:28 AM|About: SEACOR Holdings Inc. (CKH)View as PDF

 SEACOR HOLDINGS INC /NEW/ (Form: 8-K, Received: 02/14/2017 07:30:54) 
























	UNITED STATES









	SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION









	WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549




	FORM 8-K




	CURRENT REPORT




	Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934





















	 






	 






	 








	Date of Report (Date of Earliest Event Reported):






	 






	February 14, 2017
















	SEACOR Holdings Inc.




	__________________________________________




	(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)





















	 






	 






	 








	Delaware






	1-12289






	13-3542736








	(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation)






	(Commission File Number)






	(I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)








	 






	 






	 








	  






	 






	 








	2200 Eller Drive, Fort Lauderdale, Florida






	 






	33316








	(Address of principal executive offices)






	 






	(Zip Code)



























	 






	 






	 








	Registrant’s telephone number, including area code:






	 






	(954) 523-2200














	Not Applicable




	__________________________________________




	Former name or former address, if changed since last report




	 




	Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:




	[  ]  Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)




	[  ]  Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)




	[  ]  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))




	[  ]  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 24



































	Item 7.01    Regulation FD Disclosure.









	The information in this Current Report shall not be deemed "filed" for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act") or otherwise subject to the liabilities of that Section. The information in this Current Report shall not be incorporated by reference in any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act, except as shall be expressly set forth by specific reference in such a filing.









	On February 14, 2017, Charles Fabrikant, Executive Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of SEACOR Holdings Inc., will be making a presentation at the Stifel 2017 Transportation & Logistics Conference in Miami, Florida (the "Conference"). Attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1 are the slides that will be presented at the Conference.















	Item 9.01    Financial Statements and Exhibits









	(d)    Exhibits
























	Exhibit No.






	Description








	99.1






	Stifel 2017 Transportation & Logistics Conference presentation, February 14, 2017








































	SIGNATURES




	Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

























	 






	 






	 






	 






	 








	 






	 






	SEACOR Holdings Inc.








	  






	 






	 






	 






	 








	February 14, 2017






	 






	By:






	 






	/s/ William C. Long








	 






	 






	 






	 






	 








	 






	 






	 






	 






	Name: William C. Long








	 






	 






	 






	 






	Title: Executive Vice President




	           and Chief Legal Officer


































	Exhibit Index
























	 






	 








	Exhibit No.






	Description








	 






	 








	99.1






	Stifel 2017 Transportation & Logistics Conference presentation, February 14, 2017






































Click to enlarge


	STIFEL TRANSPORTATION & LOGISTICS CONFERENCE
 February 14, 2017











	 




Click to enlarge


	Forward-Looking Statement
 This presentation includes “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Certain statements discussed in
 this presentation as well as in other reports, materials and oral statements that SEACOR Holdings Inc. (“Company”) releases from time to time constitute “forward-
 looking statements” within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Generally, words such as “anticipate,” “estimate,” “expect,” “project,”
 “intend,” “believe,” “plan,” “target,” “forecast” and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements concern
 management's expectations, strategic objectives, business prospects, anticipated economic performance and financial condition and other similar matters. These
 statements are not guarantees of future performance and actual events or results may differ significantly from these statements. Actual events or results are
 subject to significant known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other important factors, including: decreased demand and loss of revenues as a result of a
 decline in the price of oil and an oversupply of newly built offshore support vessels; additional safety and certification requirements for drilling activities in the U.S.
 Gulf of Mexico and delayed approval of applications for such activities; the possibility of U.S. government implemented moratoriums directing operators to cease
 certain drilling activities in the U.S. Gulf of Mexico and any extension of such moratoriums; weakening demand for the Company’s services as a result of
 unplanned customer suspensions, cancellations, rate reductions or non-renewals of vessel charters or failures to finalize commitments to charter vessels in
 response to a decline in the price of oil; an oversupply of newly built offshore support vessels; increased government legislation and regulation of the Company’s
 businesses which could increase the cost of operations; increased competition if the Jones Act is repealed; the liability, legal fees and costs in connection with the
 provision of emergency response services, including the Company’s involvement in response to the oil spill as a result of the sinking of the Deepwater Horizon in
 April 2010; decreased demand for the Company’s services as a result of declines in the global economy; declines in valuations in the global financial markets and
 a lack of liquidity in the credit sectors, including, interest rate fluctuations, availability of credit, inflation rates, change in laws, trade barriers, commodity prices and
 currency exchange fluctuations; the cyclical nature of the oil and gas industry, activity in foreign countries and changes in foreign political, military and economic
 conditions; changes in foreign and domestic oil and gas exploration and production activity; safety record requirements related to Offshore Marine Services and
 Shipping Services; decreased demand for Shipping Services due to construction of additional refined petroleum product, natural gas or crude oil pipelines or due to
 decreased demand for refined petroleum products, crude oil or chemical products or a change in existing methods of delivery; compliance with U.S. and foreign
 government laws and regulations, including environmental laws and regulations and economic sanctions; the dependence of Offshore Marine Services, Inland
 River Services, Shipping Services and Illinois Corn Processing on several customers; consolidation of the Company's customer base; the ongoing need to replace
 aging vessels; industry fleet capacity; restrictions imposed by the Shipping Acts on the amount of foreign ownership of the Company's Common Stock; operational
 risks of Offshore Marine Services, Inland River Services and Shipping Services; effects of adverse weather conditions and seasonality; the level of grain export
 volume; the effect of fuel prices on barge towing costs; variability in freight rates for inland river barges; the effect of international economic and political factors on
 Inland River Services' operations; the effect of the spread between the input costs of corn and natural gas compared with the price of alcohol and distillers grains
 on Illinois Corn Processing's operations; adequacy of insurance coverage; the potential for a material weakness in the Company's internal controls over financial
 reporting and the Company's ability to remediate such potential material weakness; the attraction and retention of qualified personnel by the Company; and various
 other matters and factors, many of which are beyond the Company's control as well as those discussed in Item 1A (Risk Factors) of the Company's Annual report
 on Form 10-K. In addition, these statements constitute the Company's cautionary statements under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. It should
 be understood that it is not possible to predict or identify all such factors. Consequently, the preceding should not be considered to be a complete discussion of all
 potential risks or uncertainties. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of the document in which they are made. The Company disclaims any
 obligation or undertaking to provide any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statement to reflect any change in the Company's expectations or any change
 in events, conditions or circumstances on which the forward-looking statement is based, except as required by law. The forward-looking statements in this
 presentation should be evaluated together with the many uncertainties that affect the Company’s businesses, particularly those mentioned under “Forward-Looking
 Statements” in Item 7 on the Company’s Form 10-K and SEACOR’s periodic reporting on Form 8-K (if any), which are incorporated by reference.
 2











	 




Click to enlarge


	Investment Objectives & Strategy 
3
 OBJECTIVES
 • Pursue risk adjusted returns on equity
 • Pursue long-term appreciation (“real growth”) with capital preservation
 STRATEGY
 • Adhere to capital and balance sheet discipline: we live within our means
 • Opportunistically deploy capital
 • Leverage off of existing businesses
 • Maintain liquidity to buy deep value
 • Harvest our cyclical gains and not “hug” transient cash flow
 • Capitalize on tax efficiency
 A dollar of gain is as good as rental income.











	 




Click to enlarge


	Understanding SEACOR
 4
 PORTFOLIO OF NICHE BUSINESSES
 • Inland River Services and Illinois Corn Processing
 • Shipping Services 
• Offshore Marine Services
 • Other
 We are unique in the U.S. maritime industry.











	 




Click to enlarge


	SEACOR’s Asset Base
 5
 Asset Mix
 Offshore 
Marine 
Services
 Anchor handling towing supply vessels
 Fast support vessels
 Platform supply vessels
 Standby safety vessels
 Liftboats
 Wind farm utility vessels
 Inland 
River 
Services
 Dry-cargo barges 
Towboats
 Terminal operations & grain elevators
 Fleeting operations
 Intermodal terminals
 Shipyard services
 Shipping 
Services
 Petroleum & chemical tank vessels 
Harbor and offshore tugs
 Bunker barges
 Short-sea RoRos & LoLo Landing Craft
 Other
 General Aviation Services
 Witt O’Brien’s (Emergency & Crisis Services)
 Other activities 
Energy 
Service 
Offshore 
Marine
 37%
 Inland River
 13%
 ICP
 2%
 Shipping
 26%
 Other & 
Corp.
 5%
 Cash
 17%
 Pro Forma Total Assets as of Sep. 30, 2016
 $2,954 million
 Diversification and liquidity: We are prepared for opportunity.
 1 If the spin-off of SEACOR Marine Holdings Inc. (“SMH”), the offshore marine business unit, were to have occurred on Sep. 30, 2016, total cash and near 
cash assets of $218.4 million related to the business would have transferred to the entity. 
2 Cash includes cash and cash equivalents, marketable securities, including Dorian LPG Ltd. (NYSE: LPG), and construction reserve funds for all business 
units except for the offshore marine division. 
1
 2
 ICP Illinois Corn Processing Plant











	 




Click to enlarge


	Inland River Services
 6
 We are a logistics manager, not only a barge operator.
 Our business is industrial real estate, not just floating assets.
 Our reach is international, not just domestic. 
Dry-cargo Barge
 Grain Terminal
 Liquid Terminal
 General Cargo 
Terminal
 Container
 -on-barge
 Fleeting Operation Boat Towboat











	 




Click to enlarge


	Inland River Services: Terminal Operations
 • Ethanol/petroleum transshipment 
and storage facility 
• Capable of handling light petroleum 
and heavy crude with steam 
capabilities 
• Barge, train, and truck capabilities
 • Four 100,000 bbl storage tanks
 • High speed intermodal facility
 Leased to Bunge SCF Grain
 • 4.2 m bushel grain 
capacity
 • 1.9 m bushel flat storage
 • Intermodal facility with unit 
train and truck capability
 Leased to Wabash Valley
 • 40,000 ton dry bulk 
storage
 • 1 million gallon liquid 
storage
 • 50,000 sq ft. ag. chemical 
building
 Grain Storage
 Fertilizer & Chem. Storage
 Gateway Terminals
 • 9 distinct terminal locations
 • Intermodal facility with barge, 
unit train, and truck capability
 • Grain and general cargo 
capabilities 
• Intermediate storage in 
enclosed warehouse and pad 
storage 
• Access to seven Class 1 
railroads
 Lewis & Clark Terminals
 7











	 




Click to enlarge


	Inland River Services: Fleeting Operations
 8
 • Serves as a strategic operating platform
 • Handles fleeting (parking) and switching 
(positioning) of dry-cargo and tank barges
 • Cleans and repairs dry-cargo barges
 SCF Fleeting Locations
 • St. Louis, MO – 305 barges
 • Granite City, IL – 58 barges
 • Hartford, IL – 249 barges
 • Festus, MO – 90 barges
 • Herculaneum, MO – 45 barges
 • Total – 747 barges
 Competitors
 • CGB/Osage – 760 barges
 • ARTCO – 300 barges
 • Ingram – 290 barges
 St. Louis Harbor Fleeting Spaces
 We own fleeting assets in 11 locations. 











	 




Click to enlarge


	Illinois Corn Processing
 9
 • Product output: food, beverage, and industrial grade alcohol, agricultural feed (Dried 
Distillers Grains with Solubles, “DDGS”, used for animal feed), non-food grade Corn 
Oil used for feedstock in biodiesel production, CO2, and fuel grade ethanol 
• Production capacity: Estimated Production Capacity: 84 million gallons per year +/-30-
 35% High Quality (HQ-"beverage grade”), +/-30-35% Industrial-chemical (export 
grade), +/-30-40% Fuel Grade (available to blend)











	 




Click to enlarge


	Inland River Services: What’s New
 10
 • Exited liquid unit tow operations (2Q16):
 – 28 30,000 barrel inland river liquid tank barges (including 8 leased-in)
 – 14 inland river towboats 
• Expanded fleeting operations (4Q16): 
– Acquired Central Contracting & Marine Inc. (“CCM”) of Festus, MO
 – Fleeting operation boats, barges, equipment, and terminal assets at fleeting sites
 • Ordered new generation equipment 
– Three 6,600 horsepower towboats on order with deliveries in 2017
 – The largest towboats with Z drive propulsion in the United States
 • Capitalized on shipyard availability and pricing
 – Took delivery of 46 dry-cargo covered barges (3Q16-4Q16)
 • Took delivery of 1 towboat (2Q16) and expected to ship two liquid tank barges to 
Colombia by the end of February 2017. 
We are the only operator with barge equipment along the U.S. Inland Waterways 
and the Parana/Paraguay and Magdalena Waterways in South America.











	 




Click to enlarge


	Name
 # of 
Barges
 # of Towboats 
(≥ 6,000 hp)
 ACL & AEP 3,266 50 
Ingram Barge Company 2,554 54 
American River Transportation 1,772 18 
Cargo Carriers 1,332 1 
SCF Marine 1,097 6 
Marquette Transportation - 42 
All Other1 1,958 50 
Total 11,979 221 
Top Five Largest Jumbo Covered Hopper Barge Operators
 Inland River Services: U.S. Dry-Cargo Barge Competitive Landscape
 11
 • The inland barge industry has 
experienced significant 
consolidation since 1980; will 
there be another deal?
 • The top 5 operators control over 
80% of the U.S. jumbo covered 
hopper barge fleet and about 60% 
of the towboat fleet ≥ 6,000 hp: 
SCF is the 5th largest and enjoys 
a strategic relationship with 
Bunge North America
 • Scale provides a competitive edge 
due to vertical integration Sources: Informa Economics, Inc. (March 2016) and Inland River Record
 As of Sep. 30, 2016, we operated 990 dry-cargo covered barges
 (513 owned / 477 pooled or managed).
 1 All other includes 21 barge operators and 17 towboat operators. 











	 




Click to enlarge


	Inland River Services: Market Drivers and Opportunities
 12
 • Market Drivers:
 – Dry-cargo barge operations: agricultural exports (U.S. and South America), and fertilizer and industrial 
commodity imports
 – Terminal operations: demand for storage, rail moves, and redistribution of bulk commodities (steel, fertilizer, 
agricultural products, and ethanol)
 • Primary Revenue Source: 
– Contract of Affreightment (COA) for barge operations
 – Terminal throughput volume and related services (priced per ton)
 – Fleeting (barge shifting, fleeting, cleaning, and repair) 
– Dry-cargo towing services
 – Shipyard and related services
 • Opportunities:
 – Consolidate fragmented fleets and river assets in the United States and/or South America
 – Acquire equipment & facilities at favorable prices
 – Capitalize on new technology: pursue innovation in boat design
 – Develop container-on-barge service











	 




Click to enlarge


	Shipping Services
 13
 Container Vessel
 Landing craft here
 Landing Craft
 ROROHarbor / Terminal Tug
 ECO Tanker
 Chemical 
Articulated-Tug 
Barge 
We are the only company with this diverse set of equipment in our portfolio. 











	 




Click to enlarge


	Shipping Services: What’s New 
14
 • Delivered new generation tankers:
 – 2 Jones Act medium range tankers delivered in 2016; 1 scheduled to 
deliver in 1Q17
 – 2 tankers delivered in 2016 are each on long term charter to a gasoline 
retailer and U.S. refinery
 – Our ECO class vessels emit 3 tons less CO2 per MT of fuel consumed 
per day. They consume approximately 9MT/day less fuel. 
• Delivered a new generation chemical and petroleum ATB:
 – 1 Jones Act chemical and petroleum articulated tug-barge (“ATB”) 
delivering 2Q17, which will operate in the spot market 
– Our new generation ATB is Tier III and IMO Type II with 11 cargo 
segregations. The barge is built with a high spec chemical resistant 
coating. 
New ECO Tanker
 New ATB











	 




Click to enlarge


	Shipping Services: Jones Act Tank Vessel Market
 15
 JONES ACT VARIABLES
 + Older equipment: 11 vessels are 25+ years old
 + Fleet status: 19 special surveys due 2017-2019
 + Increased U.S. petroleum output
 + Very high barriers to entry (limited yard capacity, high costs and long lead times)
 + Potential consolidation
 Approximately 62 vessels in 
the Jones Act coastwise tank 
vessel fleet 200k or greater 
bbl capacity (> 25,000 dwt) 
are controlled by 10 
operators. 
0
 5
 10
 15
 20
 25
 25+ Yrs. 21-25 Yrs. 16-20 Yrs. 6-15 Yrs. 1-5 Yrs. Delivery
 2017
 N
 u
 m
 b
 e
 r
 
o
 f
 
V
 e
 s
 s
 e
 l
 s
 Age (in Years)
 U.S.-Flag Tank Vessel Fleet Age Profile
 ≥ 200,000 BBL
 As of February 2017
 No Specials Due 2017-2019 Special Surveys Due 2017-2019











	 




Click to enlarge


	Shipping Services: What’s New
 16
 • Delivered the first Rotortug in the United States:
 – 1 azimuth drive Rotortug delivered (1Q17); 2 scheduled to deliver in 2Q17-4Q17
 – Will operate in Port Everglades, FL, Port Arthur, TX, and Mobile, AL











	 




Click to enlarge


	17
 Shipping Services: Harbor Towing and Bunkering
 Approximately 25 operators operating ~ 400 harbor tugs along the U.S. Gulf Coast and 
U.S. East Coast. Fleet has an average age of slightly over 30 years. 
Seabulk Towing is one of the two harbor tug operators in each U.S. port it services. 
Jones Act – tugs
 • 24 Harbor tugs (9 leased-in)1
 • 2 Harbor tugs on order 
• 1 Offshore tug (JV)
 Bunkering/terminal support
 • 6 foreign flag tugs2
 • 1 leased-in bunker barge (JV)2
 • 5 Jones Act bunker barges
 Freeport
 1 Includes delivery of 1 Jones Act harbor tug (1Q17). 
2 Includes delivery of 2 foreign flag tugs and the commencement of a charter (1Q17). 











	 




Click to enlarge


	18
 Shipping Services: Liner / Short Sea Shipping
 . There are 9 operators (7 are U.S.-based) servicing the Bahamas with 19 vessels
 There are 4 operators servicing Puerto Rico from the U.S. with 16 vessels. 
SEACOR Island Lines
 • 6 landing craft / 1 
containership
 Option on 
Cuba
 Trailer Bridge 
(JV)
 • 7 RORO/deck 
barges











	 




Click to enlarge


	Shipping Services: Market Drivers and Opportunities
 19
 • Liquid Bulk Shipping: 
– Market Drivers: refined products (i.e. jet fuel, gasoline, diesel), chemical products (e.g. caustic soda), and 
crude oil demand and distribution
 – Primary Revenue Sources: time charter contracts, COA contracts, spot market, occasional bareboat
 – Opportunity: consolidation, third party ship management, government services, and international dry bulk
 • Harbor Towing: 
– Market Drivers: 
• vessel port calls (e.g. economic expansion)
 • petroleum and chemical facilities and distribution, global trade, and U.S. imports
 – Primary Revenue Source: term contracts for ship docking assistance
 – Opportunity: 
• expansion to additional ports in the U.S. and overseas
 • pursue long-term contracts at terminal facilities
 • Liner Shipping:
 – Market drivers: GDP growth, construction and infrastructure projects in the Bahamas and Caribbean 
– Primary Revenue Source: freight consolidation and freight forwarding, “on sea trucking”
 – Opportunity: expand service area: north coast of South America, Cuba, develop other U.S. short-sea routes
 Tanker contract backlog as of Sep. 30, 2016: $442.8 million











	 




Click to enlarge


	Offshore Marine Services
 20
 DP-2 FSVDiesel Electric AHTS
 Windfarm Support
 Platform Supply
 Liftboat
 Catamaran
 Niche Focused: Diverse Fleet











	 




Click to enlarge


	Offshore Marine Services: Our Fast Support Vessels
 21
 First Class SeatingState-of-the Art Bridge 











	 




Click to enlarge


	Offshore Marine Services: What’s New
 22
 Industry (owners) groaning with over capacity. 
Deepwater is Depressing.
 • There are 25 new FPSO’s being placed 
in service from 2017 to 2019 worldwide.
 – 10 in Brazil
 – 7 in the Asia Pacific
 – 5 in West Africa 
– 2 in the North Sea
 – 1 in the Middle East/Indian Ocean
 There is light at the end of the tunnel. 
• There are 238 platforms being installed 
from July 2017 to 2019 worldwide.
 Sources: Clarksons Research (January 2017)
 Next 18-24 mo
 Middle East/ISC 109 
Asia Pacific 70 
North Sea 19 
West Africa 14 
North America 11 
Brazil 9 
Mediterranean 6 
Grand Total 238 











	 




Click to enlarge


	• Market drivers:
 – Production support 
– Platform and pipeline maintenance 
– Ocean mapping
 – Cable laying 
Offshore Marine Services: Market Drivers and Opportunities
 23
 • Mission specific drivers:
 – Drilling 
– Construction
 – Decommissioning
 – Alternative energy
 • Primary Revenue Source: term charters
 • Opportunity: 
– Consolidate niches and regions
 – Acquire cheap assets
 – Leverage bank relationships: manage third party assets: income plus carried interest
 Capitalizing on downturn; a marathon, not a sprint.
 Business depressed: dawn of recovery.
 • Market drivers:
 – Personnel transport
 – Plug & abandonment work











	 




Click to enlarge


	Other Activities
 24
 • Industrial/General Aviation Services
 – Product mix: fixed wing and helicopter MROs (maintenance, repair & overhaul) and/or FBOs (fixed based 
operations) in Singapore, Shanghai, Manila, KL and throughout Australia; military contracts in Australia and 
New Zealand; aircraft distribution (mainland China, South East Asia, the UAE), aircraft brokerage, research 
and consulting
 • Emergency and Crisis Management
 – Preparedness: planning (crisis, emergency, business continuity, compliance), training and exercises
 – Response: on-call emergency responders, supported by 24/7 command center
 – Recovery: management of post-disaster recovery efforts
 • Alternative Energy 
– Energy merchant platform that invests in businesses and equipment to foster the migration to smarter, 
cleaner, and cost effective fuels. 











	 




Click to enlarge


	Inland 
River
 23%
 Other & 
Corp
 2%
 Offshore 
Marine
 100%
 SEACOR’s Transformation: A Decade Plus Journey
 25
 Offshore 
Marine
 48%Inland 
River
 18%
 ICP
 3%
 Shipping
 30%
 Other & 
Corp.
 1%
 Sep. 30, 2016
 $1,316 million
 1 Net property and equipment was adjusted to exclude the $267.7 million related to our partners’ 49% interest of SEA-Vista. Total net property and 
equipment as of Sep. 30, 2016 was $1,584.0 million. Net property and equipment excludes cash, investments in joint ventures, and goodwill. 
Jun. 30, 2005
 $934 million
 Dec. 31, 1990
 $98 million
 Energy Service
 Energy 
Service
 Net Property and Equipment 
Pro Forma 
Net Property and Equipment1 Net Property and Equipment 
Energy 
Service
 Offshore 
Marine & 
Aviation
 75%
 Ready for the Inflection Point?











	 




Click to enlarge


	SEACOR Basics: Balance Sheet Highlights – Liquidity, Liquidity, Liquidity
 26
 1 SEACOR Marine Holdings Inc. ("SMH") is the offshore marine division. 
2 Net property and equipment includes $267.7 million related to our partners’ portion (49% interest) of SEA-Vista.
 3 Total debt includes $135.2 million related to our partner’s portion (49% interest) of SEA-Vista and $175 million of Senior Notes funded by the 
Carlyle Group for the offshore marine division. 
(in $mm's) Sep. 30, 2016 SMH1
 Cash and marketable securities 553.3$ 156.5$ 
Construction reserve funds 161.9 61.9 
Total Cash: 715.1 218.4 
Net Property and Equipment2 1,584.0 628.7 
Investments, at Equity, and Advances to 50% or Less 
Owned Companies
 331.1 133.0 
Goodwill & Intangible Assets, Net 75.9 - 
Total Debt3 1,041.9 230.1 
Deferred Income Taxes 307.4 131.2 
SEACOR Holdings Inc. Stockholders' Equity 1,149.3 606.5 











	 




Click to enlarge


	Summary: SEACOR’s Value Proposition
 27
 We are a specialized manager investing capital; we don’t just buy equipment. 
• 25+ year track record of investing in, owning, and operating assets, businesses, and securities in 
cyclical industries throughout market cycles
 • In-house operating platform facilitates more nuanced diligence, not all assets (even if classified the 
same) are equal
 • Legacy operator…we are a strategic counterparty, and not only perceived as a capital provider
 • Management has diversified experience across multiple market segments and geographies…we 
have expanded far relative to our size
 • A dollar of gain is as good as rental income 
In-house capability to underwrite investments across a company or 
businesses’ capital structure and/or in individual assets.











	 














SEACOR Marine Holdings Inc.: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 11:34 AM ET
Energy Equipment and Services

Company Overview of SEACOR Marine Holdings Inc.



Snapshot People




Company Overview
SEACOR Marine Holdings Inc. provides marine and support transportation services to offshore oil and gas exploration, development, and production facilities worldwide. It operates a fleet of offshore support and specialty vessels that deliver cargo and personnel to offshore installations; handle anchors and mooring equipment required to tether rigs to the seabed; tow rigs and assist in placing them on location and moving them between regions; and carry and launch equipment used underwater in drilling and well installation, maintenance, and repair. The company is headquartered in Houma, Louisiana. SEACOR Marine Holdings Inc. operates independently of SEACOR Holdings Inc. as of June 1, 2017.


7910 Main Street2nd FloorHouma, LA 70360United States2,653 Employees



Phone: 985-876-5400

Fax: 985-876-5444

www.seacormarine.com







Key Executives for SEACOR Marine Holdings Inc.




Mr. John M. Gellert


      	President, CEO & Director
      


Age: 47
        

Total Annual Compensation: $450.0K








Mr. Matthew R. Cenac


      	Executive VP & CFO
      


Age: 51
        

Total Annual Compensation: $710.0K








Mr. Robert Clemons


      	Executive VP & COO
      


Age: 46
        

Total Annual Compensation: $250.0K





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2016. 

SEACOR Marine Holdings Inc. Key Developments

SEACOR Marine Announces Board Changes
May 12 17
On May 10, 2017, each of Charles Fabrikant, Andrew R. Morse, R. Christopher Regan, Evan Behrens, and Ferris Hussein were appointed to fill vacancies on the Board of Directors of SEACOR Marine and they, together with John Gellert who continues as a director, comprise the entire Board. Mr. Fabrikant was appointed non-executive Chairman of the Board. Messrs. Morse and Regan resigned as directors of SEACOR Holdings in connection with their appointment to the Board. Charles Fabrikant, 72, is the Executive Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer of SEACOR Holdings and several of its subsidiaries. Effective February 23, 2015, Mr. Fabrikant was appointed President and Chief Executive Officer of SEACOR Holdings, a position he had resigned from in September 2010 when he was designated Executive Chairman of the Board of SEACOR Holdings. Mr. Fabrikant is a Director of Diamond Offshore Drilling Inc., a contract oil and gas driller, Hawker Pacific Airservices, Limited, an aviation sales product support company, and Era Group Inc., a helicopter services and leasing company. In addition, he is President of Fabrikant International Corporation, a privately owned corporation engaged in marine investments. Fabrikant International Corporation may be deemed an affiliate of SEACOR Marine. John Gellert, 46, has served as the President and Chief Executive Officer of SEACOR Marine since its formation. Mr. Gellert has been Co-Chief Operating Officer of SEACOR Holdings since February 23, 2015 and will resign from such position upon consummation of the Spin-Off. From May 2004 to February 2015, Mr. Gellert was Senior Vice President of SEACOR Holdings. From June 1992, when Mr. Gellert joined SEACOR Holdings, until July 2005, he had various financial, analytical, chartering and marketing roles within SEACOR Holdings. In addition, Mr. Gellert is an officer and director of certain SEACOR Holdings subsidiaries. Andrew R. Morse, 70, served on the SEACOR Holdings board of directors since June 1998. Mr. Morse has been a Managing Director and Senior Portfolio Manager of Morse, Towey and White, a wholly-owned wealth management unit of High Tower Advisors Inc., a Chicago based firm of investment advisors since July 31, 2010. In addition, Mr. Morse serves on the Board of Directors and on the Audit Committee of High Tower Advisors Inc. Mr. Morse was a managing director and senior portfolio manager of UBS Financial Services Inc., from October 2001 until July 2010. Mr. Morse was Senior Vice President-Investments of Salomon Smith Barney Inc. of New York, an investment banking firm, and Smith Barney Inc., its predecessor, from March 1993 to October 2001. Mr. Morse sits on numerous philanthropic boards and is Treasurer of the American Committee of the Weizmann Institute of Science and serves on the Management Committee of the Weizmann Institute of Science in Rehovot, Israel. Mr. Morse served as a director of Seabulk International Inc., both before and following its merger with SEACOR Holdings in July 2005 until March 2006. In December 2015, Mr. Morse became a member of the Board of Managers of KGP Realty, a private residential property management company. R. Christopher Regan, 61, served on the SEACOR Holdings board of directors since September 2005. Mr. Regan is Co-Founder and, since March 2002, Managing Director, of The Chartis Group, a management consultancy group offering strategic, operational, risk management, governance and compliance advice to U.S. healthcare providers, suppliers and payers. Prior to co-founding The Chartis Group in 2001, Mr. Regan served from March 2001 to December 2001 as President of H-Works, a healthcare management consulting firm and a division of The Advisory Board Company. From January 2000 through December 2000, Mr. Regan served as Senior Vice President of Channelpoint Inc. Mr. Regan also serves as a Trustee of Hamilton College and Ascension Health Ventures. Evan Behrens, 47, has been Senior Vice President of Business Development at SEACOR Holdings since 2009 and will resign from such position upon consummation of the Spin-Off. Mr. Behrens joined SEACOR Holdings in 2008 and manages its involvement in numerous investments and transactions. Prior to joining SEACOR Holdings, he served as Fund Manager at Level Global Investors, L.P., which he joined in October 2006. He served as an Investment Professional at B Capital Advisors, L.P. He was a Founder of Infinity Point (formerly Behrens Rubinoff Capital Partners). Mr. Behrens also served in various positions at Paribas Corporation, Ulysses Management, and SAC Capital Management. Mr. Behrens obtained an A.B. degree in Political Science from the University of Chicago. Ferris Hussein, 39, is a Managing Director at The Carlyle Group focused on global infrastructure and energy opportunities. Prior to joining Carlyle, Mr. Hussein served as a Vice President of ExxonMobil where he oversaw acquisition strategy. Prior to ExxonMobil, Mr. Hussein served as an attorney for the Republic of Iraq and, prior to that, for the U.S. Department of Justice. Mr. Hussein received his MBA from the University of Pennsylvania's Wharton School, JD from the University of Virginia School of Law, and BA from the University of Michigan. In addition, on May 10, 2017, the Board formed an Audit Committee, a Compensation Committee and a Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee. Messrs. Morse and Regan were appointed as the members of the Audit Committee, and Messrs. Morse, Regan and Hussein were appointed as the members of each of the Compensation Committee and the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee.


SEACOR Marine Holdings Inc. Presents at Norway Ship & Offshore Finance Forum, Jun-01-2017 02:40 PM
May 12 17
SEACOR Marine Holdings Inc. Presents at Norway Ship & Offshore Finance Forum, Jun-01-2017 02:40 PM. Venue: Felix Konferansesenter, Bryggetorget 3, NO- 0250 Oslo, Norway. Speakers: John M. Gellert, Chief Executive Officer, President and Director.


Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 1 Engineering & Manufacturing LLC United States 1845 Oil Field Services United States 1st Resource Group, Inc. United States 2-J Well Service LLC United States 212 Resources Corporation United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target





Spin-Off/Split-Off

			      December 13, 2016
			    
--





Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact SEACOR Marine Holdings Inc., please visit www.seacormarine.com.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close



























SEACOR Holdings Inc (CKH)  News| Reuters.com


























































X



Edition:

United States


















Africa
América Latina


عربي
Argentina


Brasil
Canada


中国
Deutschland


España
France


India
Italia


日本
México


РОССИЯ
United Kingdom

United States
















SEACOR Holdings Inc (CKH)










Related Topics: 
StocksStock ScreenerMarket DataEnergyOil Related Services and Equipment












                
                        Overview
                    



                
                        News
                    



                
                        Key Developments
                    



                
                        People
                    



                
                        Charts
                    



                
                        Financials
                    



                
                        Analysts
                    



                    
                            Research
                        



                    
                            Pulse
                        










				CKH on New York Consolidated


				34.69USD
27 Jul 2017





				    Change	(% chg)


		    
						    --


					            (--)
					        






Prev Close

$34.69


Open

--




Day's High

--


Day's Low

--




Volume

--


Avg. Vol

130,790




52-wk High

$76.32


52-wk Low

$31.90












Select another date: Friday, 28 Jul 2017Thursday, 27 Jul 2017Wednesday, 26 Jul 2017Tuesday, 25 Jul 2017Monday, 24 Jul 2017Sunday, 23 Jul 2017Saturday, 22 Jul 2017Friday, 21 Jul 2017Thursday, 20 Jul 2017Wednesday, 19 Jul 2017Tuesday, 18 Jul 2017Monday, 17 Jul 2017Sunday, 16 Jul 2017Saturday, 15 Jul 2017Friday, 14 Jul 2017Thursday, 13 Jul 2017Wednesday, 12 Jul 2017Tuesday, 11 Jul 2017Monday, 10 Jul 2017Sunday, 9 Jul 2017Saturday, 8 Jul 2017Friday, 7 Jul 2017Thursday, 6 Jul 2017Wednesday, 5 Jul 2017Tuesday, 4 Jul 2017Monday, 3 Jul 2017Sunday, 2 Jul 2017Saturday, 1 Jul 2017Friday, 30 Jun 2017Thursday, 29 Jun 2017Wednesday, 28 Jun 2017Tuesday, 27 Jun 2017Monday, 26 Jun 2017Sunday, 25 Jun 2017Saturday, 24 Jun 2017Friday, 23 Jun 2017Thursday, 22 Jun 2017Wednesday, 21 Jun 2017Tuesday, 20 Jun 2017Monday, 19 Jun 2017Sunday, 18 Jun 2017Saturday, 17 Jun 2017Friday, 16 Jun 2017Thursday, 15 Jun 2017Wednesday, 14 Jun 2017Tuesday, 13 Jun 2017Monday, 12 Jun 2017Sunday, 11 Jun 2017Saturday, 10 Jun 2017Friday, 9 Jun 2017Thursday, 8 Jun 2017Wednesday, 7 Jun 2017Tuesday, 6 Jun 2017Monday, 5 Jun 2017Sunday, 4 Jun 2017Saturday, 3 Jun 2017Friday, 2 Jun 2017Thursday, 1 Jun 2017Wednesday, 31 May 2017Tuesday, 30 May 2017Monday, 29 May 2017Sunday, 28 May 2017Saturday, 27 May 2017Friday, 26 May 2017Thursday, 25 May 2017Wednesday, 24 May 2017Tuesday, 23 May 2017Monday, 22 May 2017Sunday, 21 May 2017Saturday, 20 May 2017Friday, 19 May 2017Thursday, 18 May 2017Wednesday, 17 May 2017Tuesday, 16 May 2017Monday, 15 May 2017Sunday, 14 May 2017Saturday, 13 May 2017Friday, 12 May 2017Thursday, 11 May 2017Wednesday, 10 May 2017Tuesday, 9 May 2017Monday, 8 May 2017Sunday, 7 May 2017Saturday, 6 May 2017Friday, 5 May 2017Thursday, 4 May 2017Wednesday, 3 May 2017Tuesday, 2 May 2017Monday, 1 May 2017Sunday, 30 Apr 2017Saturday, 29 Apr 2017





Mon, Jun 19 2017
BRIEF-Seacor announces adjustment to conversion rate of convertible senior notes
* Seacor announces adjustment to the conversion rate of its
2.50% convertible senior notes due 2027 and its 3.00%
convertible senior notes due 2028
Continue Reading






BRIEF-International Shipholding to emerge from bankruptcy as a subsidiary of Seacor Holdings
* International Shipholding Corporation advances towards
emergence from bankruptcy as a subsidiary of Seacor Holdings Inc
BRIEF-Seacor Holdings enters into several agreements with Seacor Marine
* Seacor Holdings Inc says on May 10, 2017, in connection
with spin-off, seacor entered into several agreements with
Seacor Marine
BRIEF-Seacor Holdings Q1 EPS $0.24
* Seacor holdings announces results for its first quarter
ended march 31, 2017
BRIEF-Seacor Holdings Q4 loss per share $3.36
* Seacor Holdings Inc qtrly operating revenues $213 million
versus $ 250.6 million
Source: (http://bit.ly/2ngAuGd)
Further company coverage:
BRIEF-Seacor holdings Q4 loss per share $5.52
* Seacor holdings inc qtrly operating revenues $213 million versus $250.6
million
Source - (http://bit.ly/2o6iUJH)
Further company coverage:
BRIEF-Seacor Holdings says qtrly net loss attributable to co $5.52 per diluted share
* Seacor Holdings announces results for its fourth quarter
and year ended December 31, 2016
BRIEF-International Shipholding Corp's reorganization plan confirmed by bankruptcy court
* International Shipholding Corporation's plan of
reorganization confirmed by bankruptcy court
BRIEF-Seacor Holdings files for non-timely 10-K
* Seacor Holdings - delay in filing as co hasn't completed
assessment of effectiveness of internal controls over financial
reporting as of Dec 31, 2016
BRIEF-Seacor Holdings announces delay in release of Q4 and FY 2016 results
* Announces delay in the release of results for its fourth
quarter and year ended december 31, 2016







Select another date: Friday, 28 Jul 2017Thursday, 27 Jul 2017Wednesday, 26 Jul 2017Tuesday, 25 Jul 2017Monday, 24 Jul 2017Sunday, 23 Jul 2017Saturday, 22 Jul 2017Friday, 21 Jul 2017Thursday, 20 Jul 2017Wednesday, 19 Jul 2017Tuesday, 18 Jul 2017Monday, 17 Jul 2017Sunday, 16 Jul 2017Saturday, 15 Jul 2017Friday, 14 Jul 2017Thursday, 13 Jul 2017Wednesday, 12 Jul 2017Tuesday, 11 Jul 2017Monday, 10 Jul 2017Sunday, 9 Jul 2017Saturday, 8 Jul 2017Friday, 7 Jul 2017Thursday, 6 Jul 2017Wednesday, 5 Jul 2017Tuesday, 4 Jul 2017Monday, 3 Jul 2017Sunday, 2 Jul 2017Saturday, 1 Jul 2017Friday, 30 Jun 2017Thursday, 29 Jun 2017Wednesday, 28 Jun 2017Tuesday, 27 Jun 2017Monday, 26 Jun 2017Sunday, 25 Jun 2017Saturday, 24 Jun 2017Friday, 23 Jun 2017Thursday, 22 Jun 2017Wednesday, 21 Jun 2017Tuesday, 20 Jun 2017Monday, 19 Jun 2017Sunday, 18 Jun 2017Saturday, 17 Jun 2017Friday, 16 Jun 2017Thursday, 15 Jun 2017Wednesday, 14 Jun 2017Tuesday, 13 Jun 2017Monday, 12 Jun 2017Sunday, 11 Jun 2017Saturday, 10 Jun 2017Friday, 9 Jun 2017Thursday, 8 Jun 2017Wednesday, 7 Jun 2017Tuesday, 6 Jun 2017Monday, 5 Jun 2017Sunday, 4 Jun 2017Saturday, 3 Jun 2017Friday, 2 Jun 2017Thursday, 1 Jun 2017Wednesday, 31 May 2017Tuesday, 30 May 2017Monday, 29 May 2017Sunday, 28 May 2017Saturday, 27 May 2017Friday, 26 May 2017Thursday, 25 May 2017Wednesday, 24 May 2017Tuesday, 23 May 2017Monday, 22 May 2017Sunday, 21 May 2017Saturday, 20 May 2017Friday, 19 May 2017Thursday, 18 May 2017Wednesday, 17 May 2017Tuesday, 16 May 2017Monday, 15 May 2017Sunday, 14 May 2017Saturday, 13 May 2017Friday, 12 May 2017Thursday, 11 May 2017Wednesday, 10 May 2017Tuesday, 9 May 2017Monday, 8 May 2017Sunday, 7 May 2017Saturday, 6 May 2017Friday, 5 May 2017Thursday, 4 May 2017Wednesday, 3 May 2017Tuesday, 2 May 2017Monday, 1 May 2017Sunday, 30 Apr 2017Saturday, 29 Apr 2017












					Market Views




GulfMark Offshore - Another Bankrupt Energy-Related Company

Seeking Alpha Jun 13 2017 
Tracking Mason Hawkins's Southeastern Asset Management Portfolio - Q1 2017 Update

Seeking Alpha May 26 2017 
Nordic American Offshore - Leveraged Bet On Future Market For Offshore Supply Vessels

Seeking Alpha Apr 20 2017 
Hornbeck Offshore Services: Wee Glimmers In The Gloom And Doom

Seeking Alpha Apr 20 2017 
GulfMark Offshore Finally Prepares For Bankruptcy - Expect Equityholders To Be Wiped Out

Seeking Alpha Mar 15 2017 
Tracking Mason Hawkins' Southeastern Asset Management Portfolio - Q4 2016 Update

Seeking Alpha Feb 26 2017 


» More CKH Market Views
















Related Topics: 
StocksStock ScreenerMarket DataEnergyOil Related Services and Equipment























MarketWatch.com Topics

























Bulletin






Investor Alert







New York Markets Close in:



Market Snapshot
Winners and Losers


















Topics







		Istanbul



			Brexit




		Guns







		Millennials




		Immigration



			Apple

/conga/topics/main.html
369880



Subjects in the news



U.S. Economy


U.S. Politics


Earnings


Sales


Aerospace


Ice




Markets


Production


Iraq


Russia


Oil


United Kingdom




Europe


European Markets


London Markets


Health Care


Income


Insurance






People in the news



Jones, Edward


Trump, Donald


Woods, Tiger


Buffett, Warren


Putnam, George


Clinton, Bill




Obama, Barack


Putin, Vladimir


Tillerson, Rex


Washington, George


Ryan, James


Walker, David




West, David


Williams, James


Gray, John


Clooney, George


Cruise, Tom


Jolie, Angelina






Companies in the news



Northrop Grumman Corp.


International Data Group


New York Mercantile Exchange


American International Group


Health Care Insurance


Miners




Metal Exchange


Target Corp.


United National


Performance


News Corp.


Jones




Oppenheimer


International Industries


Transport Service


Capital One Financial


Apple Inc.


eBay Inc.






Organizations in the news



American Petroleum Institute


European Union


OPEC


Education Department


Transportation Department


European Central Bank




Federal Reserve Bank of New York


Congress


Public Service Commission


Securities and Exchange Commission


Baseball


Nasdaq Stock Market




Consumers Union


World Bank


Council on Foreign Relations


Security Council


Senate


Boston College












Browse topics:


A


B


C


D


E


F


G


H


I


J


K


L


M


N


O


P


Q


R


S


T


U


V


W


X


Y


Z


0-9





















Log In




11:34 AM EDT
July 28, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Open


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Open


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
11:27aWhat is an ICO?
11:22aOne way you’re paying credit-card fees, even if you don’t have a card
11:18aStock market edges lower, on track for weekly losses 
11:18aOil sets sights on biggest weekly gain of the year
11:16aUPDATE: Invisalign maker Align stocks surge 8% after earnings blow past estimates
11:12aAirbus to sell plant holdings to Motorola
11:11aAmerican Airlines profit falls, unit revenue gains
11:11aChevron swings to profit as charges shrink
11:11aSears Canada's biggest shareholders call off bid
11:10aRedfin's stock debuts 30% above its IPO price
11:10aTime for GOP to face reality: Everybody is going to have health insurance
11:09aBP earnings: What to expect
11:09aExxon, Chevron post strong profits 
11:08aChina penalizes nine banks for forex violations
11:06aRedfin's stock opens at $19.56, or 30% above $15 IPO price
11:03aEurope’s refugee crisis won’t be solved in a distant court
11:01aWhat Trump could do to make Obamacare ‘implode’
10:58aFoxconn’s history of broken promises casts a shadow on Wisconsin news
10:56aHere’s something that can improve your memory — and help you sleep
10:56a$1 million or $5,000 a month: which would you choose?
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,785.39

-11.16
-0.05%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,362.01

-20.18
-0.32%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,468.16

-7.26
-0.29%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15


















































10-Q: SEACOR HOLDINGS INC /NEW/ - MarketWatch



























































Latest News










Dow

21,784
-12.32
-0.06%






Nasdaq

6,362
-20.33
-0.32%






S&P 500

2,468
-7.37
-0.30%









11:27 A.M. ET


Updated
      What is an ICO?
                                





 
11:21 A.M. ET


                                  One way you’re paying credit-card fees, even if you don’t have a card
                                





 
11:18 A.M. ET


Updated
      Stock market edges lower, on track for weekly losses 
                                





 
11:17 A.M. ET


Updated
      Oil sets sights on biggest weekly gain of the year
                                





 
11:15 A.M. ET


Updated
      UPDATE: Invisalign maker Align stocks surge 8% after earnings blow past estimates
                                





 
11:11 A.M. ET


                                  Airbus to sell plant holdings to Motorola
                                





 
11:11 A.M. ET


                                  American Airlines profit falls, unit revenue gains
                                





 
11:10 A.M. ET


                                  Chevron swings to profit as charges shrink
                                





 
11:10 A.M. ET


                                  Sears Canada's biggest shareholders call off bid
                                





 
11:09 A.M. ET


Updated
      Redfin's stock debuts 30% above its IPO price
                                





 
11:09 A.M. ET


Updated
      Time for GOP to face reality: Everybody is going to have health insurance
                                





 
11:09 A.M. ET


                                  BP earnings: What to expect
                                





 
11:08 A.M. ET


                                  Exxon, Chevron post strong profits 
                                





 
11:08 A.M. ET


                                  China penalizes nine banks for forex violations
                                





 
11:06 A.M. ET


                                  Redfin's stock opens at $19.56, or 30% above $15 IPO price
                                





 
11:02 A.M. ET


Updated
      Europe’s refugee crisis won’t be solved in a distant court
                                





 
11:00 A.M. ET


                                  What Trump could do to make Obamacare ‘implode’
                                





 
10:58 A.M. ET


Updated
      Foxconn’s history of broken promises casts a shadow on Wisconsin news
                                





 
10:56 A.M. ET


Updated
      Here’s something that can improve your memory — and help you sleep
                                





 
10:55 A.M. ET


Updated
      $1 million or $5,000 a month: which would you choose?
                                





 








































Log In
























Home






Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)




Get email alerts



         10-Q: SEACOR HOLDINGS INC /NEW/
    








    By

Published: May 9, 2017 6:56 a.m. ET

Share






















































 



 















(EDGAR Online via COMTEX) -- ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS  This Form 10-Q includes "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Certain statements discussed in this Form 10-Q as well as in other reports, materials and oral statements that the Company releases from time to time constitute "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Generally, words such as "anticipate," "estimate," "expect," "project," "intend," "believe," "plan," "target," "forecast" and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements concern management's expectations, strategic objectives, business prospects, anticipated economic performance and financial condition and other similar matters. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and actual events or results may differ significantly from these statements. Actual events or results are subject to significant known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other important factors, including decreased demand and loss of revenues as a result of a decline in the price of oil and resulting decrease in capital spending by oil and gas companies, an oversupply of newly built offshore support vessels, additional safety and certification requirements for drilling activities in the U.S. Gulf of Mexico and delayed approval of applications for such activities, the possibility of U.S. government implemented moratoriums directing operators to cease certain drilling activities in the U.S. Gulf of Mexico and any extension of such moratoriums, weakening demand for the Company's services as a result of unplanned customer suspensions, cancellations, rate reductions or non-renewals of vessel charters or failures to finalize commitments to charter vessels in response to a decline in the price of oil, an oversupply of newly built offshore support vessels, increased government legislation and regulation of the Company's businesses could increase cost of operations, increased competition if the Jones Act is repealed, liability, legal fees and costs in connection with the provision of emergency response services, including the Company's involvement in response to the oil spill as a result of the sinking of the Deepwater Horizon in April 2010, decreased demand for the Company's services as a result of declines in the global economy, declines in valuations in the global financial markets and a lack of liquidity in the credit sectors, including, interest rate fluctuations, availability of credit, inflation rates, change in laws, trade barriers, commodity prices and currency exchange fluctuations, the cyclical nature of the oil and gas industry, activity in foreign countries and changes in foreign political, military and economic conditions, including as a result of the recent vote in the U.K. to leave the European Union, changes in foreign and domestic oil and gas exploration and production activity, safety record requirements related to Offshore Marine Services and Shipping Services, decreased demand for Shipping Services due to construction of additional refined petroleum product, natural gas or crude oil pipelines or due to decreased demand for refined petroleum products, crude oil or chemical products or a change in existing methods of delivery, compliance with U.S. and foreign government laws and regulations, including environmental laws and regulations and economic sanctions, the dependence of Offshore Marine Services, Inland River Services, Shipping Services and Illinois Corn Processing on several key customers, consolidation of the Company's customer base, the ongoing need to replace aging vessels, industry fleet capacity, restrictions imposed by the Shipping Acts on the amount of foreign ownership of the Company's Common Stock, operational risks of Offshore Marine Services, Inland River Services and Shipping Services, effects of adverse weather conditions and seasonality, the level of grain export volume, the effect of fuel prices on barge towing costs, variability in freight rates for inland river barges, the effect of international economic and political factors on Inland River Services' operations, the effect of the spread between the input costs of corn and natural gas compared with the price of alcohol and distillers grains on Illinois Corn Processing's operations, adequacy of insurance coverage ,the ability to remediate the material weaknesses the Company has identified in its internal controls over financial reporting, the attraction and retention of qualified personnel by the Company, and various other matters and factors, many of which are beyond the Company's control as well as those discussed in Item 1A (Risk Factors) of the Company's Annual report on Form 10-K and other reports filed by the Company with the SEC. It should be understood that it is not possible to predict or identify all such factors. Consequently, the preceding should not be considered to be a complete discussion of all potential risks or uncertainties. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of the document in which they are made. The Company disclaims any obligation or undertaking to provide any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statement to reflect any change in the Company's expectations or any change in events, conditions or circumstances on which the forward-looking statement is based, except as required by law. It is advisable, however, to consult any further disclosures the Company makes on related subjects in its filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and Current Reports on Form 8-K (if any). These statements constitute the Company's cautionary statements under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995.  Potential Spin-off of Offshore Marine Services On December 1, 2015, SEACOR Marine Holdings Inc. ("SMHI"), a subsidiary of SEACOR that is the parent company of the Offshore Marine Services business segment, issued $175.0 million aggregate principal amount of its 3.75% Convertible Senior Notes due December 1, 2022 (the "3.75% Subsidiary Convertible Notes") to investment funds managed and controlled by The Carlyle Group. The transaction contemplates the potential separation of SMHI from the Company via a spin-off of SMHI to SEACOR's shareholders (the "SMHI Spin-off"). SEACOR has determined to pursue the SMHI Spin-off by means of a distribution of all of the outstanding shares of common stock of SMHI on a pro rata basis to all of the holders of common stock of SEACOR and has filed a Registration Statement on Form  May 09, 2017  (c) 1995-2017 Cybernet Data Systems, Inc. All Rights Reserved 


More from MarketWatch









More Coverage


Get ready for the less-profitable Amazon that you used to know


Stock market edges lower, on track for weekly losses


Hillary Clinton’s new book ‘What Happened’ makes for hilarious R-rated internet















Most Popular





The dark side of cruises





Coca-Cola to replace Coke Zero in U.S.





Dow ends at record, but tech slump weighs on S&P 500, Nasdaq





If you can buy only one stock or ETF, make it this one





How to Fix Wall Street, and Bankers' Pay




MarketWatch Partner Center




















 








            We Want to
            Hear from You


Join the conversation
Comment
















Sponsored Headlines













Advanced Search







Stocks



Columns


Authors


Topics







No results found







































 




























FlashRatings | About us














Facebook Autocomplete Demo









Post a Rating















              $
              



            12-Month Price Target
            



              $
              









140






 






















 




 TRENDING
SIGN UP
LOG IN








FlashRatings - All research for my stocks!

The most comprehensive equity research coverage available online.


          Never miss a single piece of research, upgrade, downgrade or target price change by any analyst firm on any stock!
          
          Equity research by professional analysts - especially their rationales more than their forecasts - contains far more interesting and important information about the actual fundamentals of the traded companies than can be gathered from conventional news reports.
          
          Our mission is to unlock access to valuable research on stocks for all retail investors. 
          
          
         

      
          
        



Professionals/ Institutions: Take advantage of our cost-effective subscriptions to have FlashRatings's comprehensive real-time feed delivered into your intranet and trading floor platforms. (Institutional Subscriptions)


Websites: Become a content licensing partner and display FlashRatings's popular news feed on your website. (Content Licensing)


Advertisers: Advertise with us and have FlashRatings readers, with attractive demographics, take advantage of your products. (Advertising)























FlashRatings | Contact Us














Facebook Autocomplete Demo









Post a Rating















              $
              



            12-Month Price Target
            



              $
              









140






 






















 




 TRENDING
SIGN UP
LOG IN









Contact FlashRatings












Your emotional state
Excited
Confused
Worried
Upset
Panicked
Angry







 


























FlashRatings | Principles














Facebook Autocomplete Demo









Post a Rating















              $
              



            12-Month Price Target
            



              $
              









140






 






















 




 TRENDING
SIGN UP
LOG IN








FlashRatings' Principles

          1. FlashRatings' mission is to provide you - the investor - with as much honest and professional research on your investments as possible.
        

          2. We believe it's much better to get a multitude of credible opinions on an investment than to arbitrarily follow any single advisor - be it your banker, a friend, or a TV pundit.
        

          3. FlashRatings does NOT provide advice. Our job is to accurately and objectively report on analysts' credible research and opinions. The only advice FlashRatings will ever give you is to absorb as much fundamental research and different opinions as possible and make your own decisions!
         

          4. FlashRatings favors covering analysts with proven track records, but will cover all analysts as long as their research is honest and professional.
        



Sign up »




































Facebook Autocomplete Demo









Post a Rating















              $
              



            12-Month Price Target
            



              $
              









140






 






















 




HOME
 TRENDING
SIGN UP
LOG IN






















Analyst Ranking





 

                    Name
                  

                    Measured Ratings
                  

                    Sucess Rate
                  

                    Avg Return
                  





                      1.
                    
Mizuho
15


                        73%
                    


                        20.57
                          %
                      




                      2.
                    
Credit Suisse
16


                        75%
                    


                        10.49
                          %
                      




                      3.
                    
Jefferies
26


                        58%
                    


                        7.91
                          %
                      




                      4.
                    
Cantor Fitzgerald
11


                        82%
                    


                        8.50
                          %
                      




                      5.
                    
Bank of America Merrill Lynch
15


                        67%
                    


                        7.85
                          %
                      




                      6.
                    
JMP Securities
20


                        65%
                    


                        4.62
                          %
                      




                      7.
                    
Goldman Sachs
21


                        67%
                    


                        3.28
                          %
                      




                      8.
                    
Raymond James
13


                        77%
                    


                        2.89
                          %
                      




                      9.
                    
FBR Capital Markets
21


                        57%
                    


                        2.45
                          %
                      




                      10.
                    
William Blair
24


                        54%
                    


                        2.32
                          %
                      



















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft









   SEACOR Marine                                                                                                                                                     Welcome to                                        SEACOR Marine                                                                                       SEACOR Marine operates a fleet of offshore marine support vessels, serving the offshore                                    oil and gas exploration and production industry.                                                                         With vessels strategically deployed offshore in the Gulf of Mexico,                                    Latin America, the North Sea, West Africa, Southeast                                    Asia and the Middle East, we provide a broad range of offshore support                                    services coupled with the highest standards of safety, service and                                    technology available in the industry.                                                                           SEACOR Marine is                                    home to the industry's most dedicated, qualified and safety-minded                                    personnel, both ashore and aboard. Together, our personnel and                                    equipment continually set safety and performance records in offshore                                    support.                                                                         When customers around the world call upon our equipment and personnel,                                    they can rest assured SEACOR Marine is committed to providing a level                                    of service second to none.                                                             News/Events                                                                                                             ABOUT                    SEACOR MARINE                                                  SAFETY                   OUR                    FLEET                                                  JOIN OUR TEAM                                  NEWS                    ROOM                                   CONTACT US                                       Copyright ©                                SEACOR Marine LLC. Inc. All rights reserved.                Legal Notice.                       







SEACOR Holdings Inc. (NYSE:CKH) : Cases :: Law360

































Search




Advanced Search

Take a Free Trial | 
					Sign In






















 Close


Law360 In-Depth
Law360 UK
Adv. Search & Platform Tools
Browse all sections 
Banking
Bankruptcy
Class Action
Competition
Employment
Energy
Expert Analysis
Insurance
Intellectual Property
Product Liability
Securities
Rankings
Law360's MVPs
Glass Ceiling Report
Global 20
Law360 400
Diversity Snapshot
Practice Group Partner Rankings
Practice Groups of the Year
Pro Bono Firms of the Year
Rising Stars
Trial Aces
Site Menu
Join the Law360 team
Search legal jobs
Learn more about Law360
Read testimonials
Contact Law360
Sign up for our newsletters
Site Map
Help













SEACOR Holdings Inc.


 News & Case Alert  on SEACOR Holdings Inc.



Services » Shipping » SEACOR Holdings Inc.







Alert me of new cases

Menu options for SEACOR Holdings Inc. 


Everything »
News & Analysis »
New Cases »
New PTAB Cases »
Case Activity »
Outside Counsel »


Nature of Suit


 Contract (1)

110(Insurance) (1)


 Other Statutes (1)

410(Antitrust) (1)


 Personal Injury (7)

340(Marine) (2)
360(Other Personal Injury) (4)
368(Asbestos Personal Injury Product Liability) (1)


 Personal Property (2)

380(Other Personal Property Damage) (2)




Courts


 Delaware (1)

 (1)


 Louisiana (5)

Eastern (5)


 Pennsylvania (1)

Eastern (1)


 Texas (4)

Southern (4)




Collective Actions


Class Action (1)


Parties


SEACOR Holdings Inc. (11)
Anadarko Petroleum Corporation (2)
BP p.l.c. (2)
Cameron International Corporation (2)
Dynamic Aviation Group Inc. (2)
See more...


Counsel


Baker Donelson (2)
Latham & Watkins (2)
Phelps Dunbar (2)
Preis PLC (2)
Arnold & Itkin (1)
See more...


Judges


Carl Barbier (2)
EDUARDO C. ROBRENO (1)
Helen G. Berrigan (1)
Lance M Africk (1)
Richard G. Andrews (1)
See more...







×
Search within the list below:







Name
Count






Continue
Cancel










×
Please assign a name to this alert






Save Alert
Cancel








Cases (11)



May  6, 2015 | Texas Southern
Seacor Marine LLC et al v. FREEDOM WELL SERVICES, LLC
340(Marine)




December 29, 2014 | Louisiana Eastern
Willhite v. Marquette Transportation Company, LLC et al
Marine




October 28, 2014 | Texas Southern
Rogers et al v. SEACOR Marine LLC et al
360(P.I.: Other)




To view all the results and drill down deeper, take a free trial now.



Try Law360 FREE for seven days
Already a subscriber? Click here to login
















×
Already have access? Click here to login



Get instant access to the one-stop news source for business lawyers
Register Now!




Get instant access to the one-stop news source for business lawyers













Email (Professional email required)






First Name



Last Name







PLEASE NOTE: A verification email will be sent to your address before you can access your trial.


Password (at least 6 characters required)



Confirm Password







Select at least one primary interest:


 Aerospace & Defense
										

 Appellate
										

 Asset Management
										

 Automotive
										

 Banking
										

 Bankruptcy
										

 California
										

 Capital Markets
										

 Class Action
										

 Commercial Contracts
										

 Competition
										

 Consumer Protection
										

 Corporate
										

 Cybersecurity & Privacy
										

 Delaware
										

 Employment
										

 Energy
										

 Environmental
										

 Financial Services Uk
										

 Florida
										

 Food & Beverage
										

 Government Contracts
										

 Health
										

 Hospitality
										

 Illinois
										

 Immigration
										

 Insurance
										

 Insurance Uk
										

 Intellectual Property
										

 International Arbitration
										

 International Trade
										

 Law360 In Depth
										

 Legal Ethics
										

 Life Sciences
										

 Media & Entertainment
										

 Medical Malpractice
										

 Mergers & Acquisitions
										

 Native American
										

 New Jersey
										

 New York
										

 Pennsylvania
										

 Private Equity
										

 Product Liability
										

 Project Finance
										

 Public Policy
										

 Real Estate
										

 Retail & E Commerce
										

 Securities
										

 Sports
										

 Tax
										

 Technology
										

 Telecommunications
										

 Texas
										

 Transportation
										

 Trials
										

 White Collar
										





Register




Already have access?




Email:



Password:

Forgot your password?


Remember login



Sign In
















Seacor Holdings Inc. Executives, Organizational Chart, Company Profile Information, Contacts | Headquarters, Locations, News   












Submit

ContactCareersLogin

MENUtoggle
Our Difference Research Client SuccessWho We Serve Sales Professionals Marketing Professionals Executives Recruiting/Staffing ProfessionalsSolutions [Column]  ABM & ABS Actionable Intelligence Competitive Intelligence Customer Success & Retention  [Column]  Data Quality & Management Data Sets Integrations Lead Generation  [Column]  Predictive Analytics Sales & Marketing Alignment Targeting & Ranking Knowledge Hub Blog Case Studies Insights FAQsAbout Careers News Pricing

Menu

HomeOur Difference Research Client SuccessWho We Serve Sales Professionals Marketing Professionals Executives Recruiting/Staffing ProfessionalsSolutions ABM & ABS Actionable Intelligence Competitive Intelligence Customer Success & Retention Data Quality & Management Data Sets Integrations Lead Generation Predictive Analytics Sales & Marketing Alignment Targeting & RankingKnowledge Hub Blog Case Studies Insights FAQsAbout Careers News PricingGet a Free ProfileSchedule a DemoRequest PricingContact UsLogin
Home / Companies / Seacor Holdings Inc.


Seacor Holdings Inc.

2200 Eller Drive P.O. Box 13038
Fort Lauderdale FL 33316 United States
Phone: +1 954-___-____
Fax: +1 954-___-____
http://www.seacorholdings.com





9
Managers




50
IT employees




$47.4MEST.
IT Budget




Seacor Holdings Inc., headquartered in Fort Lauderdale, FL, operates internationally. They own and operate marine and aviation assets for the gas and oil industry. Seacor works worldwide providing environmental response solutions to governments and industry. The company also handles bulk… MoreSeacor Holdings Inc., headquartered in Fort Lauderdale, FL, operates internationally. They own and operate marine and aviation assets for the gas and oil industry. Seacor works worldwide providing environmental response solutions to governments and industry. The company also handles bulk commodity barges for inland waterways within the U.S.

Seacor's Business Lines are organized into seven separate groups, including harbor & offshore towing, offshore marine, marine transportation, inland river, environmental and aviation services, as well commodity trading.
• Maintains a $100,000 - $250,000 help desk management contract with Global.
• Maintains a $100,000 web development contract with Occa Solutions.
• Maintains a $250,000 - $1M application hosting contract with Oracle On Demand.
• Maintains a $250,000 - $1M data center… More• Maintains a $100,000 - $250,000 help desk management contract with Global.
• Maintains a $100,000 web development contract with Occa Solutions.
• Maintains a $250,000 - $1M application hosting contract with Oracle On Demand.
• Maintains a $250,000 - $1M data center operations contract with Verizon. Seacor Holdings Inc., headquartered in Fort Lauderdale, FL, operates internationally. They own and operate marine and aviation assets for the gas and oil industry. Seacor works worldwide providing environmental response solutions to governments and industry. The company also handles bulk commodity barges for inland waterways within the U.S.

Seacor's Business Lines are organized into seven separate groups, including harbor & offshore towing, offshore marine, marine transportation, inland river, environmental and aviation services, as well commodity trading.

Seacor Holdings' IT department is lead by the Director of IT at the Houston, TX location. This location houses IT groups who manage software development and enterprise systems management.

At the company's headquarters in Fort Lauderdale, FL there are two groups who oversee Information Systems and another group managing Human Resources Information Systems (HRIS). The HRIS group works in the HR department but collaborates with IT on HRIS projects. Different business lines have separate IT staff managing their IT needs, including Environmental Services and Era Helicopters. Within the company main focuses of IT include Oracle and Cisco.





Sector (Industry)
Services (Business Services)


Employees
5705


Revenue
$1.1B


FYE
12/31




Breaking news on investment signals




Date
Type
Inside Scoop




2017-07-19
Staffing
Topic: Finance, Staffing
Company: Seacor Holdings Inc., Fort Lauderdale, FL
Opportunity: Seeking an Accounts Receivable Specialist (FL, Fort Lauderdale, 33301).




2017-07-13
Staffing
Topic: Finance, Staffing
Company: Seacor Holdings Inc., Fort Lauderdale, FL
Opportunity: Seeking a Labor Relations And Payroll Coordinator (FL, Port Everglades, 33316).




2017-06-27
Staffing
Topic: Staffing, Finance
Company: Seacor Holdings Inc., Fort Lauderdale, FL
Opportunity: Seeking a Corporate Development & Finance Associate (FL, Fort Lauderdale, 33301).







Want full access to this profile and more?
RainKing's clients have access to over 1,500 new investment signals published daily, which provide insights on spending initiatives, pain points, management changes and more from companies around the globe. Interested in becoming a client?
Request a demo
Request a quote




Technologies currently being used

IT
Marketing


Data Analytics/ Databases

Business Intelligence
Oracle BI EEOracle BI PublisherOracle Business Intelligence Enterprise EditionVerint

Data Tools
Oracle ASM

Master Data Management
Data Infrastructure

Cloud Systems
cPanelSymantec Veritas

Email Hosting
Microsoft (mail server)

End User Hardware
Windows XP
Data Storage

Data Backup
Acronis SoftwareOracle RMANSymantec Enterprise Vault

Enterprise Storage
HP StorageWorks Enterprise Virtual ArrayHP StorageWorks EVAOracle ExalyticsOracle Recovery Manager
Enterprise/ ERP

CRM
SalesForce

Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP)
Oracle EBS

Enterprise Systems Support
Industry Software

Academic and Education Management Software

eDiscovery/Case Management

Financial Trading
This is just a subset of the full Technolgies being used by this company.
Advertising/ Search

Search Engine Optimization
G Suite (Formerly known as Google Apps )
Analytics

Marketing Data Management
ACTMicrosoft SQL Server

Social Analytics
PHP

Web Analytics
Google Analytics (GA)
Creative/ Content

Website Design
Microsoft Active Directory Web ServicesMicrosoft Visio
eCommerce

Online Retailing
Apache Server

Social Commerce
Liquid Web Managed Hosting (Hosting)
Product/ Brand Mgmt

Mobile Application and Content Services
AndroidBlackBerry
This is just a subset of the full Technolgies being used by this company.



Become a RainKing power-user today!
RainKing's rich data provides clients with a deeper understanding of who will be making – and what will be driving – upcoming investments in IT. Know what your prospects are planning before your competition does, and beat them to the negotiating table.
Request a demo
Request a quote




Org chart of IT decision makers




Sherrie Barker
Manager, Functional Software
___@ckor.com
+1 281-___-____







Jean Baroulette
Manager, IT
___@ckor.com
+1 954-___-____







Jennifer Hall
Oracle Applications Senior Support Analyst
___@ckor.com
+1 954-___-____



This is just a subset of the full Org Chart for this company.


Want access to this and more? Become a client today!
RainKing clients get access to all 615 decision makers in this company's org chart.
Request a demo
Request a quote








Want full access to this profile and more?
RainKing's clients have access to over 1,500 new investment signals published daily, which provide insights on spending initiatives, pain points, management changes and more from companies around the globe. Interested in becoming a client?
Request a demo
Request a quote









To receive a FREE PDF of this company, simply fill out the form below










Get your free company profile




Search





Subscribe to our newsletter



Connect with Us
 





 





 





 





 







 




7700 Old Georgetown Road
Bethesda, MD 20814-6100
1.866.592.7122
contactus@rainkingonline.com


 Sitemap Terms of Use Privacy Policy 


©2017 RainKing



