    Scott Seaman | Albert and Margaret Alkek Foundation | ZoomInfo.com

Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Scott B. Seaman CPA: Executive Profile & Biography - Bloomberg








































  





















































































July 28, 2017 2:34 PM ET

Company Overview of Albert and Margaret Alkek Foundation



SnapshotPeople 




OverviewBoard MembersCommittees



Executive Profile
Scott B. Seaman CPAExecutive Director, Albert and Margaret Alkek FoundationAgeTotal Calculated CompensationThis person is connected to 0 Board Members in 0 different organizations across 1 different industries.62--
Background

		Mr. Scott B. Seaman, CPA has been the Chief Financial Officer of Chaswil Ltd. since January 1996. Mr. Seaman has been a Secretary and Treasurer of M & A Properties Inc. since September 1986. Mr. Seaman serves as Treasurer of the Albert and Margaret Alkek Foundation. He has been the Chairman of the Board of ICT Management Inc., the General Partner of Impact Composite Technology Ltd. since January 2003 and has been its President since July 2004. He serves as the Chairman ... and President of Impact Composite Technology Ltd. and a General Partner of the Global Hedged Equity Fund LP. For the last twenty years, he held various financial positions in companies affiliated with the Alkek family interests. He served for Arthur Andersen & Co. He serves as an Executive Director of Albert and Margaret Alkek Foundation. Mr. Seaman serves on the board of GeneExcel, Inc. He served as an Independent Director of Opexa Therapeutics, Inc. since April 17, 2006 until October 31, 2016. He is a Member of the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants. Mr. Seaman received a Bachelor's degree in Business Administration from Bowling Green State University.Read Full Background




Corporate Headquarters
1221 McKinneyHouston, Texas 77010-2011United StatesPhone: 713-951-0019Fax: 713-951-0043
Board Members Memberships
				There is no Board Members Memberships data available.
				Education
Bachelor's Degree Bowling Green State University
Other Affiliations
Sportan United Industries Inc.Bowling Green State UniversityOpexa Therapeutics, Inc.


Annual Compensation
				There is no Annual Compensation data available.
				Stocks Options
				There is no Stock Options data available.
				Total Compensation
				There is no Total Compensation data available.
			



Request Profile Update
















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



COMPETITOR COMPENSATIONThere is no Competitor Compensation data available.










Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Albert and Margaret Alkek Foundation, please visit .  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close





























Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft


















Scott B. Seaman - Executive Bio, Compensation History, and Contacts - Equilar Atlas










 

















Log in | Sign up








x

 






As Featured In



















Scott B. Seaman
Former Board Member at Opexa Therapeutics, Inc.


View Full Profile
Are you Scott B. Seaman? Claim your profile


 


Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Scott B. Seaman's full profile. 
With Equilar Atlas, you can:



IDENTIFY corporate executives in Scott B. Seaman's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Scott B. Seaman's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Scott B. Seaman through your network of contacts.
												








Scott B. Seaman's Executive Work History


Past
To view Scott B. Seaman's complete executive work history, sign up now
Education


														 Bachelor's, 
															Bowling Green State University


Age
61

 
 


Scott B. Seaman's Biography



Scott B. Seaman has served as a Director since April 2006. Mr. Seaman has served for over five years as (i) the executive director and treasurer of the Albert and Margaret Alkek Foundation of Houston, Texas, a private foundation primarily supporting biomedical research and institutions in the Texas Medical Center in Houston, Texas, (ii) the chief financial officer of Chaswil Ltd., a private family management company, (iii) secretary and treasurer of M & A Properties Inc., a ranching and real estate concern, (iv) managing member of ICT Development LLC, which is the managing member of ICT Holdings LLC, an energy services supplier, for which he  ...
(Read More)

			Scott B. Seaman has served as a Director since April 2006. Mr. Seaman has served for over five years as (i) the executive director and treasurer of the Albert and Margaret Alkek Foundation of Houston, Texas, a private foundation primarily supporting biomedical research and institutions in the Texas Medical Center in Houston, Texas, (ii) the chief financial officer of Chaswil Ltd., a private family management company, (iii) secretary and treasurer of M & A Properties Inc., a ranching and real estate concern, (iv) managing member of ICT Development LLC, which is the managing member of ICT Holdings LLC, an energy services supplier, for which he serves as president, and (v) director of Somebody Cares America. In March 2013, Mr. Seaman was elected a director of Gradalis, Inc., a privately held clinical stage biotechnology company developing cancer focused immunotherapies. In June 2013, Mr. Seaman became a director of Strike Bio, Inc., a privately held clinical stage biotechnology company developing gene interference therapeutics. Mr. Seaman received a bachelor's degree in business administration from Bowling Green State University and is a certified public accountant. Mr. Seaman has extensive experience in overall financial management and corporate development, combined with operational and corporate governance experience.
		
Source: Opexa Therapeutics, Inc. on 04/11/2016
		
	

 






Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Scott B. Seaman's full profile. 



												By accessing Equilar Atlas, you can view bios, network, salary and wealth events
												of industry-leading executives like Scott B. Seaman. More specifically, you'll be able to:
												

IDENTIFY corporate executives in Scott B. Seaman's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Scott B. Seaman's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Scott B. Seaman through your network of conections.
												




View Full Profile


 








Search for over 360,000 executive profiles.





/bio



													Example: Scott B. Seaman


















Scott B. Seaman's Connections (114)





Sign up now to view Scott B. Seaman's 114 connections »









Jaye Thompson
Former Senior Vice President, Clinical and Regulatory, Repros Therapeutics Inc.









Ravi Narula
Chief Financial Officer, Ooma, Inc.









Michael S. Richman
Chairman of the Board, GenVec, Inc.









Timothy C. Barabe
Board Member, ArQule, Inc.









Don Healey
Former Chief Scientific Officer, Opexa Therapeutics, Inc.









Neil K. Warma
Former President, Chief Executive Officerand Acting Principal Accounting Officer, Opexa Therapeutics, Inc.









John R. Baird
Board Member, Canadian Pacific Railway Limited









Ronald J. Fior
Chief Financial Officer, Quotient Technology Inc.









Karthik Radhakrishnan
Former Chief Financial Officer, Opexa Therapeutics, Inc.









Michael S. Wishart
Board Member, Cypress Semiconductor Corporation








Popular Profiles






														Sign up now to view more executive profiles »
														









Thomas J. Lynch
Executive Chairman, TE Connectivity Ltd.









John J. Kita
EVP and CFO, A. O. Smith









Carl G. Annessa
EVP and COO, Hornbeck Offshore Services, Inc.









Elon R. Musk
CEO and Chairman, Tesla









Michael C. Montgomery
Board Member, NMI Holdings, Inc.












×

Claim Your Profile Coming Soon
Interested in updating your biography and work history?
We're working on making it happen.
We'll email you when this feature is available.
Please enter valid email address.

Done


Thank you for your interest.
Ok






			Browse executive profiles:
			
				 A
			
				 B
			
				 C
			
				 D
			
				 E
			
				 F
			
				 G
			
				 H
			
				 I
			
				 J
			
				 K
			
				 L
			
				 M
			
				 N
			
				 O
			
				 P
			
				 Q
			
				 R
			
				 S
			
				 T
			
				 U
			
				 V
			
				 W
			
				 X
			
				 Y
			
				 Z



Equilar Homepage
Equilar Atlas
Equilar Insight
Equilar BoardEdge
Equilar Engage
Research Services
Knowledge Network
About Us
Login

ï¿½ 2017 Equilar All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
1100 Marshall Street, Redwood City, CA 94063 | Phone (650) 241-6600 | Fax (650) 701-0993
























Scott Burgess | Seaman Corporation | Email @seamancorp.com 











































LOGIN

7 DAY FREE TRIAL


























Scott Burgess

 Seaman Corporation  Engineering Manager




export

















1000 Venture Blvd.

Wooster, OH 44691


Email format for @seamancorp.com

Direct Phone: Not Available 









Type:

                    Private                
Employees: 
250 - 499

Revenue:  
20 - 50 Million

Industry:  
                        Materials/Manufacturing                    
SIC Code:  
                         2295  - Coated Fabrics, Not Rubberized








 BIOGRAPHY

 
                    Have you been looking for contact information, like phone numbers and emails, on Scott Burgess?  Lead411 provides data on him which include twitter, linkedin url, wiki, and biography.  There is also Seaman Corporation email addresses within the @seamancorp.com profile so Scott Burgess's email could be included.  Scott Burgess is part of the Seaman Corporation which has its main offices in Wooster, OH.  Currently holds the post of Engineering Manager.  You can find the company data on Lead411 under the Materials/manufacturing industry.  Some possible email formats for Scott Burgess are SBurgess@seamancorp.com, Scott.Burgess@seamancorp.com, Scott@seamancorp.com, and Scott_Burgess@seamancorp.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@seamancorp.com addresses.            


Similar People:
Scott B - Technology
AccuTrex Products, Inc.'s Manufacturing Engineer is where Scott B is employed. On the other hand, the organization's CEO is . They are based in Canonsburg, PA, and you can find their Lead411 profile filed under the Other industry. Scott B's profile contains twitter, phone numbers, linkedin, wiki, and contact information, and you can also find other AccuTrex Products, Inc. email addresses on Lead411 with the @accutrex.com domain.  Some possible email formats for Scott B are SB@accutrex.com, Scott.B@accutrex.com, Scott@accutrex.com, and Scott_B@accutrex.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@accutrex.com addresses.
Scott B - Executive
 is City of Austin Texas's CEO. Their IT Project Manager is Scott B. Their Lead411 profile is categorized under the Unknown industry. If you're checking for City of Austin Texas email addresses, these are also available on Lead411 with the @austintexas.gov email format and possibly Scott B's email. City of Austin Texas is based in Austin, TX. You can also get Scott B's linkedin info, twitter, phone numbers, wiki, and biography on their Lead411 profile. Their contact information is filed under the Unknown category.  Some possible email formats for Scott B are SB@austintexas.gov, Scott.B@austintexas.gov, Scott@austintexas.gov, and Scott_B@austintexas.gov. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@austintexas.gov addresses.
Scott B - Other
If you need @loreal.com email addresses for L'Oreal SA, you can find them on Lead411 as Scott B's email might be available. Scott B, the company's Maintenance Technician, also has extensive contact information, including L'Oreal SA's facebook account, phone numbers, linkedin url, wiki, and biography. Clark, NJ-based L'Oreal SA can be found on Lead411 under the Chemical manufacturing industry.  Some possible email formats for Scott B are SB@loreal.com, Scott.B@loreal.com, Scott@loreal.com, and Scott_B@loreal.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@loreal.com addresses.



Similar Employees:
John Crum - Executive
If you need @seamancorp.com email addresses for Seaman Corporation, you can find them on Lead411 as John Crum's email might be available. John Crum, the company's CEO & President, also has extensive contact information, including Seaman Corporation's facebook account, phone numbers, linkedin url, wiki, and biography. Wooster, OH-based Seaman Corporation can be found on Lead411 under the Materials/manufacturing industry.  Some possible email formats for John Crum are JCrum@seamancorp.com, John.Crum@seamancorp.com, John@seamancorp.com, and John_Crum@seamancorp.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@seamancorp.com addresses.
Felon Wilson - Executive
Seaman Corporation's Business Director, Industrial Fabrics Division is Felon Wilson. They are based in Wooster, OH, and you can find their Lead411 profile filed under the Materials/manufacturing industry. Felon Wilson's profile contains twitter, phone numbers, linkedin, wiki, and biography information, and you can also find other Seaman Corporation contact information and email addresses on Lead411 with the @seamancorp.com domain format.  Some possible email formats for Felon Wilson are FWilson@seamancorp.com, Felon.Wilson@seamancorp.com, Felon@seamancorp.com, and Felon_Wilson@seamancorp.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@seamancorp.com addresses.
Rob Petit - Other
For Seaman Corporation email addresses with the @seamancorp.com format as well as facebook info, twitter, phone numbers, linkedin, wiki, as well as biography data for Rob Petit, you may check in Seaman Corporation's Lead411 profile. Rob Petit is currently the Vice President Human Resources for Seaman Corporation. The company's CEO is . The contact information of Seaman Corporation on Lead411 is filed under the Materials/manufacturing. Their main offices are in Wooster, OH.  Some possible email formats for Rob Petit are RPetit@seamancorp.com, Rob.Petit@seamancorp.com, Rob@seamancorp.com, and Rob_Petit@seamancorp.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@seamancorp.com addresses.

People Directory > Scott Burgess















































(BW) PharmaFrontiers Appoints Gregory Bailey, M.D. and Scott Seaman, CPA, to Board of Directors - Houston Chronicle


















































































































SUBSCRIBE As low as $1/week

 

Sign In



 







MenuSections














 










http://www.chron.com/news/article/BW-PharmaFrontiers-Appoints-Gregory-Bailey-1495764.php



(BW) PharmaFrontiers Appoints Gregory Bailey, M.D. and Scott Seaman, CPA, to Board of Directors


Business Editors, (c) 2006 Business Wire


        Published 12:05 pm, Monday, April 17, 2006
    



































































THE WOODLANDS, Texas--(BUSINESS WIRE)--April 17, 2006--PharmaFrontiers Corp. (OTCBB:PFTR), a company involved in the development and commercialization of cell therapies, today announced the appointment of Gregory H. Bailey, M.D., and Scott B. Seaman, CPA and CFP, to PharmaFrontiers' board of directors. The Company also announced that Brooks Boveroux, Tony Kamin and Terry Wesner have stepped down from their positions on the board in connection with the closing of the $23 million financing.
David B. McWilliams, chief executive officer of PharmaFrontiers, commented, "We are very pleased to welcome Greg and Scott to the board where they will join Paul Frison and me. The wealth of diversified experience in finance and healthcare that these individuals bring will be very significant in helping the Company pursue the future milestones for our T-Cell and stem cell technologies."
McWilliams continued, "We would also like to thank Brooks, Tony and Terry for helping PharmaFrontiers advance to this stage of our development as we will soon begin a major Phase IIb trial for multiple sclerosis using Tovaxin(TM)."
Gregory H. Bailey, M.D.
Gregory H. Bailey, M.D., is managing director, Investment Banking of MDB Capital located in Santa Monica, California. He joined the firm in 2004 with a focus on medical technology. Dr. Bailey has over fifteen years' experience in investment banking and has also founded several companies. Along with comprehensive experience in healthcare, finance and medicine Dr. Bailey also brings to the board of directors an extensive involvement in corporate governance. Dr. Bailey has served on multiple public company boards of directors.
Dr. Bailey was a practicing physician for ten years and holds a M.D. degree from the University of Western Ontario.
Scott B. Seaman
Scott B. Seaman is the executive director of the Albert and Margaret Alkek Foundation of Houston, a private foundation primarily supporting institutions in the Texas Medical Center in Houston. For the last twenty years he has held various financial positions in companies affiliated with the Alkek family interests. He is also chairman and president of Impact Composite Technology Ltd and a general partner of the Global Hedged Equity Fund LP. Mr. Seaman had prior experience with Arthur Andersen & Co. and is a member of the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants.
About PharmaFrontiers Corp.
PharmaFrontiers' strategy is to develop and commercialize cell therapies to treat several major disease areas such as multiple sclerosis, rheumatoid arthritis, pancreatic and cardiac conditions. PharmaFrontiers has exclusive license from Baylor College of Medicine for individualized cell therapies that will be starting an FDA Phase IIb clinical trial to evaluate effectiveness in treating MS. The company also holds the exclusive worldwide license for an autologous T cell vaccine for rheumatoid arthritis from the Shanghai Institutes for Biological Sciences (SIBS), Chinese Academy of Sciences of the People's Republic of China. The company also holds the exclusive worldwide license from the University of Chicago, through its prime contractor relationship with Argonne National Laboratory, for patents relating to the use of adult pluripotent stem cells derived from patients' own circulating blood.
Safe Harbor Statement
This press release contains "forward-looking statements," including statements about PharmaFrontiers' growth and future operating results, discovery and development of products, strategic alliances and intellectual property, as well as other matters that are not historical facts or information. These forward-looking statements are based on management's current assumptions and expectations and involve risks, uncertainties and other important factors, specifically including those relating to PharmaFrontiers' ability to obtain additional funding, develop its stem cell technologies, achieve its operational objectives, and obtain patent protection for its discoveries, that may cause PharmaFrontiers' actual results to be materially different from any future results expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. PharmaFrontiers undertakes no obligation to update or revise any such forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.
 














Latest from the Chron.com Homepage

Click below for the top news from around the Houston area and beyond. Sign up for our newsletters to be the first to learn about breaking news and more. Go to 'Sign In' and 'Manage Profile' at the top of the page.









Happening Now
 



Mugshots of 37 nabbed in TX human trafficking round up
Creepy, gator-filled theme park now abandoned
Houston top cop: Trump targets MS-13 "worst of the worst"
Tesla Model 3 rollout shines headlight on Texas-Calif. rivalry

 
















Trending
 



Sorority sisters post sultry photo shoot celebrating black beauty
Graphic: Pile of bodies dumped outside Nuevo Laredo home
Jury sees video of stripper in club before fatal wreck
Remains of 24 US soldiers found on island
Former Playboy bombshell at London Comic Con
Cartel member's hand blown off in gun fight (Graphic)
'Fixer Upper' stars set to debut new venture
Check out this LEGO builder's realistic sets
River Oaks gets new Fuzzy’s Taco

 








Photos: Hot 'Little Black Dress' party in Houston
MORE HOUSTON AND TEXAS NEWS
Galveston reduces Seawall speed limit
Mother of 'Bubble Boy' cheers Brady bill
Deputies say their low pay hurts public safety
HPD officer falls 16 feet after hit by driver








Where Texas' biggest gangs reside
MS-13 gang member on the run from Houston
Mexican drug cartel is reportedly turning to IEDs








Houston singles line up to be next Bachelor, Bachelorette
Fun things to do around the Houston area this week
Chronicle critics offer entertainment suggestions








Air hostess uses phone app to lose 84 pounds
Texas man loses 200 pounds to fulfill dream
Former body builder shares powerful post



 

 

 




 



























Most Read






1

'This is not a game, nephew': Pile of bodies discovered...



2

Remains of 24 US servicemen recovered from WWII battlefield



3

Trump targets MS-13, "worst of the worst" says Houston top cop...



4

Human trafficking investigation force leads to 37 arrests in...



5

Harris County deputies tell commissioners: Low pay hurts...



6

Jury sees video of defendant stumbling at strip club before...



7

Bellaire builder charged with felony has ties to investment...



8

Gulf Cartel member's hand blown off in gun fight with military...



9

Looking back at the now-desolate Six Flags New Orleans 12...



10

Houstonians put on their best 'little black dress' for hot...












Get News Sent to You
 


Choose from our most popular newsletters below. Or, visit www.chron.com/newsletters to see more options.









Breaking News





Morning News Update





Bayou City Buzz (evening)





Preview: Weekly Houston Entertainment Guide

E-mail: 





 















Happening Now
 



Mugshots of 37 nabbed in TX human trafficking round up
Creepy, gator-filled theme park now abandoned
Houston top cop: Trump targets MS-13 "worst of the worst"
Tesla Model 3 rollout shines headlight on Texas-Calif. rivalry

 

 




 










 



 View Comments 



© 2017 Hearst Communications, Inc.



 

 












 
















 



PharmaFrontiers Appoints Gregory Bailey, M.D. and Scott Seaman, CPA, to Board of Directors | Business Wire
























































PharmaFrontiers Appoints Gregory Bailey, M.D. and Scott Seaman, CPA, to Board of Directors






April 17, 2006 08:00 AM Eastern Daylight Time



				THE WOODLANDS, Texas--(BUSINESS WIRE)--April 17, 2006--PharmaFrontiers Corp. (OTCBB:PFTR), a company involved in the development and commercialization of cell therapies, today announced the appointment of Gregory H. Bailey, M.D., and Scott B. Seaman, CPA and CFP, to PharmaFrontiers' board of directors. The Company also announced that Brooks Boveroux, Tony Kamin and Terry Wesner have stepped down from their positions on the board in connection with the closing of the $23 million financing.  David B. McWilliams, chief executive officer of PharmaFrontiers, commented, "We are very pleased to welcome Greg and Scott to the board where they will join Paul Frison and me. The wealth of diversified experience in finance and healthcare that these individuals bring will be very significant in helping the Company pursue the future milestones for our T-Cell and stem cell technologies." 

 McWilliams continued, "We would also like to thank Brooks, Tony and Terry for helping PharmaFrontiers advance to this stage of our development as we will soon begin a major Phase IIb trial for multiple sclerosis using Tovaxin(TM)."  Gregory H. Bailey, M.D.  Gregory H. Bailey, M.D., is managing director, Investment Banking of MDB Capital located in Santa Monica, California. He joined the firm in 2004 with a focus on medical technology. Dr. Bailey has over fifteen years' experience in investment banking and has also founded several companies. Along with comprehensive experience in healthcare, finance and medicine Dr. Bailey also brings to the board of directors an extensive involvement in corporate governance. Dr. Bailey has served on multiple public company boards of directors.  Dr. Bailey was a practicing physician for ten years and holds a M.D. degree from the University of Western Ontario.  Scott B. Seaman  Scott B. Seaman is the executive director of the Albert and Margaret Alkek Foundation of Houston, a private foundation primarily supporting institutions in the Texas Medical Center in Houston. For the last twenty years he has held various financial positions in companies affiliated with the Alkek family interests. He is also chairman and president of Impact Composite Technology Ltd and a general partner of the Global Hedged Equity Fund LP. Mr. Seaman had prior experience with Arthur Andersen & Co. and is a member of the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants.  About PharmaFrontiers Corp.  PharmaFrontiers' strategy is to develop and commercialize cell therapies to treat several major disease areas such as multiple sclerosis, rheumatoid arthritis, pancreatic and cardiac conditions. PharmaFrontiers has exclusive license from Baylor College of Medicine for individualized cell therapies that will be starting an FDA Phase IIb clinical trial to evaluate effectiveness in treating MS. The company also holds the exclusive worldwide license for an autologous T cell vaccine for rheumatoid arthritis from the Shanghai Institutes for Biological Sciences (SIBS), Chinese Academy of Sciences of the People's Republic of China. The company also holds the exclusive worldwide license from the University of Chicago, through its prime contractor relationship with Argonne National Laboratory, for patents relating to the use of adult pluripotent stem cells derived from patients' own circulating blood.  Safe Harbor Statement  This press release contains "forward-looking statements," including statements about PharmaFrontiers' growth and future operating results, discovery and development of products, strategic alliances and intellectual property, as well as other matters that are not historical facts or information. These forward-looking statements are based on management's current assumptions and expectations and involve risks, uncertainties and other important factors, specifically including those relating to PharmaFrontiers' ability to obtain additional funding, develop its stem cell technologies, achieve its operational objectives, and obtain patent protection for its discoveries, that may cause PharmaFrontiers' actual results to be materially different from any future results expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. PharmaFrontiers undertakes no obligation to update or revise any such forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.


Contacts
					PharmaFrontiers Corp.Lynne Hohlfeld, 281-719-3421lhohlfeld@pharmafrontierscorp.comorInvestor Relations Contacts:Lippert/Heilshorn & AssociatesKim Sutton Golodetz, 212-838-3777kgolodetz@lhai.comorBruce Voss, 310-691-7100bvoss@lhai.com

















Contacts
			PharmaFrontiers Corp.Lynne Hohlfeld, 281-719-3421lhohlfeld@pharmafrontierscorp.comorInvestor Relations Contacts:Lippert/Heilshorn & AssociatesKim Sutton Golodetz, 212-838-3777kgolodetz@lhai.comorBruce Voss, 310-691-7100bvoss@lhai.com






 
 

 






Search




Advanced News Search

Advanced News Search













Log In
Sign Up



















Scott B Seaman - Doctor Profile in Carlsbad, CA




















Menu




1-844-839-4346






We have 200+ licensed agents ready to help you.




To speak with a live agent call:
1-844-839-4346
1-844-839-4346


Representatives are available:

Mon - Fri, 9AM - 7PM ET
Sat - Sun, Closed





Close








Your Account


Sign in









0Cart
















For a better experience on eHealth.com, please enable cookies in your browser. Show me how


Esta sección del sitio web está solo disponible en inglés. Disculpen las molestias.


For a better experience on eHealth.com, please upgrade your browser as soon as possible.









We found plans as low as $359.23that "Scott B Seaman" accepts















Scott B Seaman
2558 Roosevelt St 203
                                
                                Carlsbad, CA 92008 (Browse by state)


Get Directions: To Here | From Here





Background
Gender:  Male
Accepting new patients: Y


Specialties

Marriage Family Therapist Specialist

Browse by specialty




Insurance Plans Accepted

Blue Shield of California - Platinum 90 PPO


Blue Shield of California - Platinum 90 HMO


Blue Shield of California - Platinum 90 HMO


Blue Shield of California - Gold 80 HMO


Blue Shield of California - Gold 80 PPO








We'll help you find the right plan
eHealth is your one stop to compare, shop and apply for health insurance online




Live agent support 24/7
Need assistance? eHealth has you covered. We have over 200 licensed insurance agents ready to help you any time of the day.



We offer the best prices
Whether you buy from eHealth, your local agent or directly from the health insurance company, you’ll pay the same monthly premium for the same plan.



We protect your privacy
As your health insurance agent, we’re committed to protecting your privacy and the information you provide to us.


Visit our Resource Center





Important notices and disclaimers

This site is only designed as a quick initial search and is based on information available to eHealth in March 2017. You should not solely rely on the results of this page because this type of information can change or otherwise be inaccurate. Instead, you should verify the results found here by checking with both your insurance company and your doctor or other service provider. Not all plans from the same insurance company necessarily have the same network coverage, so make sure you check the information about your specific plan.

















