


William Bruce Sechrest - Dallas, TX | Intelius



























Sign In



We found William Bruce Sechrest in Dallas, TX


William Bruce Sechrest

                                                                           Intelius found that William Bruce Sechrest  is  a male between 70 and 80 years old from Dallas, TX.  We have connected them to
                13 addresses,
                10 phones,
                and 7 relatives or associates.
         






Get Report Now

Age

William Bruce Sechrest is in his 70s

William Has Lived In

Dallas, TX
Austin, TX
Savannah, GA

William's Relatives

Penny Pollock
Trent Sechrest
Caryn Sechrest
Lynton Sechrest







William Bruce Sechrest



Zodiac SignGemini



GenderMale



Professional Status
Executive at Winstead PC



Get Report Now










Want to know more about William? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about William, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on William Bruce Sechrest
Get a Criminal Check on William Bruce Sechrest
Get a Public Record Report on William Bruce Sechrest
Get a People Search Report on William Bruce Sechrest


William Bruce Sechrest's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where William Bruce Sechrest has lived as well as William Bruce Sechrest's phone numbers and email addresses.




William Bruce Sechrest Has Lived in 5 States
Texas Address for William Bruce Sechrest


4731 W******* R* 

Dallas, TX


Has Lived In

Dallas, TX
Austin, TX


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with William Bruce Sechrest

(214) ***-**** - Dallas, TX 
(214) ***-**** - Dallas, TX 
(415) ***-**** - Arlington, VA 


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with William Bruce Sechrest

w********t@***.com


Get Email Report




William Bruce Sechrest's Professional Information
Information regarding William Bruce Sechrest's professional history.  Find out previous places William Bruce Sechrest has worked as well as dates employed.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


William Bruce Sechrest Has Worked at 1 Place
Company: Winstead PC
               Title: Executive
William Bruce Sechrest's Experience
Title: Executive
               Company: Winstead PC
Job Details
               Company Size: $50 mil to less than $100 mil - Employee Range: 500 to less than 1,000
Additional Professional Information on William Bruce Sechrest

 See William Bruce Sechrest's LinkedIn Profile



William Bruce Sechrest's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for William Bruce Sechrest


William Bruce Sechrest's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of William Bruce Sechrest's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
William Sechrest
Username Matches

                  WilliamSechrest
                  SechrestWilliam
                  William.Sechrest
                  Sechrest.William
                  William_Sechrest
                  Sechrest_William
                  William-Sechrest
                  Sechrest-William
                  WSechrest
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
W Sechrest







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.






















 Page 4 of Tailored Brands, Inc. (TLRD) Insider Trading Activity (SEC Form 4) - NASDAQ.com



































































Hot Topics:
ETFs |
Smart Portfolio |
Currencies |
Online Broker Center















Search
























Home > 
    Quotes > 
    TLRD > 
    Ownership & Insider Trades













TLRD Insider Activity (SEC Form 4) 


TLRD 
$11.83
*  
0.03

0.25%
Get TLRD Alerts



				        *Delayed - data as of Jul. 21, 2017  - 
				        
				            Find a broker to begin trading TLRD now
				        




Exchange:NYSE 
Industry: Consumer Services 
Community Rating:  



















TLRD





 










 







Edit Symbol List




Symbol Lookup























Real Time
NLS Trade Reporting
FlashQuotes
InfoQuotes
Summary Quote
Charts
Interactive Charts
Pre-Market Charts
After Hours Charts
Revenue / EPS Summary
Company Financials
- View Competitors
- Short Interest
Company News
Press Releases
Company News
Press Releases
Sentiment
Analyst Stock Research
Stock Report
SEC Filings
- Holdings/Insider Summary
- Institutional Holdings
- Insider Form 4

Equity Options
Pre-Market Quotes
After Hours Quotes
Company Research
- StockConsultant
Stock Comparison
- Guru Analysis
Annual Report
Historical Quotes
Call Transcripts
Dividend History
Lynch Analysis
Graham Analysis
Validea Momentum Analysis
Fool Analysis
Dreman Analysis
Zweig Analysis
Fisher Analysis
OShaughnessy Analysis
ETF detail
ETF Profile
Comparison Charts



Symbol List Views
FlashQuotes
InfoQuotes
 
                    Stock Details
           
        
Summary Quote
Real-Time Quote
After Hours Quote
Pre-market Quote
Historical Quote
Option Chain
CHARTS
Basic Chart
Interactive Chart

		        
    
                COMPANY NEWS
Company Headlines
Press Releases
Market Stream
STOCK ANALYSIS
Analyst Research
Guru Analysis
Stock Report
Competitors
Stock Consultant
Stock Comparison
FUNDAMENTALS
Call Transcripts
Annual Report
Income Statement
Revenue/EPS
SEC Filings
Short Interest
Dividend History
HOLDINGS
Ownership Summary
Institutional Holdings
Insiders(SEC Form 4)






CLOSEX


Edit Symbol List



Enter up to 25 symbols separated by commas or spaces in the text box below. These symbols will be available during your session for use on applicable pages.








Go Now

Clear List






            Don't know the stock symbol?  Use the 
            Symbol Lookup tool.
	        
Alphabetize the sort order of my symbols
		






CLOSEX


 
Symbol Lookup











CLOSEX
Investing just got easier…
Sign up now to become a NASDAQ.com member and begin receiving instant notifications when key events occur that affect the stocks you follow.

Access Now











 Save Stocks






















Number of Insider Trades






3 Mo.
12 Mo.


# of Open Market Buys
17
19


# of Sells
3
22


Total Insider Trades
20
41





Number of Insider Shares Traded






3 Mo.
12 Mo.


# of Shares Bought
303,731
1,417,711


# of Shares Sold
7,259,878
7,304,328


Total Shares Traded
7,563,609
8,722,039


Net Activity
(6,956,147)
(5,886,617)








All Trades




Buys




Sells





Trades in last 3 months: 20Trades in last 12 months: 41The Summary totals only include Open Market Buys, the table below Includes all purchases.

Click on the column header links to resort ascending (▲) or descending (▼).






Insider

Relation

Last Date ▼

Transaction Type

OwnerType

Shares Traded

Last Price

Shares Held




BRUTOCO RINALDO S
Director
06/16/2016
Acquisition (Non Open Market)
direct
10,602
0.0000
39,264


EDWAB DAVID H
Director
06/16/2016
Acquisition (Non Open Market)
direct
10,602
0.0000
63,980


LATHI DINESH S.
Director
06/16/2016
Acquisition (Non Open Market)
direct
10,602
0.0000
14,896


NICHOLS GRACE
Director
06/16/2016
Acquisition (Non Open Market)
direct
10,602
0.0000
35,056


QUESTROM ALLEN I
Director
06/16/2016
Acquisition (Non Open Market)
direct
10,602
0.0000
25,597


SECHREST WILLIAM B
Director
06/16/2016
Acquisition (Non Open Market)
direct
10,602
0.0000
34,383


STEIN SHELDON I
Director
06/16/2016
Acquisition (Non Open Market)
direct
10,602
0.0000
56,881


STEIN SHELDON I
Director
06/16/2016
Buy
direct
19,700
11.7813
76,581


EDWAB DAVID H
Director
06/15/2016
Buy
direct
10,000
12.0159
43,378


BRUTOCO RINALDO S
Director
06/13/2016
Buy
direct
3,542
11.6400
28,662


BRUTOCO RINALDO S
Director
06/13/2016
Buy
indirect
3,966
11.6540
6,603


RHODES A ALEXANDER
Officer
06/13/2016
Buy
direct
8,700
11.6211
17,521


THORN BRUCE K
Officer
06/13/2016
Buy
direct
21,600
11.5180
49,755


EMINENCE CAPITAL, LP
Beneficial Owner (10%)
05/02/2016
Acquisition (Non Open Market)
indirect
573
17.6217
6,146,678


BECKER B. MICHAEL
Director
04/29/2016
Acquisition (Non Open Market)
direct
1,794
0.0000
5,926






<< first< previous4567next >last >>







                Insider Trading information for GOOG is derived from Forms 3 and 4 filings filed with the U.S. Securities and 
		        Exchange Commission (SEC).
                

  Learn more about Insider Trades
		        
































CLOSEX

Edit Favorites

Enter up to 25 symbols separated by commas or spaces in the text box below. These symbols will be available during your session for use on applicable pages.






Update

Clear List







CLOSEX
Customize your NASDAQ.com experience
Background Color Selector

Select the background color of your choice:





 Black
							





 Slate Gray
							






 Light Gray
							





 Gray Blue
							






Quote Search

Select a default target page for your quote search:



						 Real-Time

						 After Hours

						 Pre-Market
 News
					


						 Flash Quote

						 Summary Quote

						 Interactive Charts

						 Default Setting




					Please note that once you make your selection, it will apply to all future visits to NASDAQ.com.
					If, at any time, you are interested in reverting to our default settings, please select Default Setting above.
					
					If you have any questions or encounter any issues in changing your default settings, please email isfeedback@nasdaq.com.
				





CLOSEX
Please confirm your selection:

					You have selected to change your default setting for the Quote Search. This will now be your default target page;
					unless you change your configuration again, or you delete your
					cookies. Are you sure you want to change your settings?


YES
NO













CLOSEX


Please disable your ad blocker (or update your settings to ensure that javascript and cookies are enabled), so that we can continue to provide you with the first-rate market news and data you've come to expect from us.





CLOSEX












































GAZ - WBS NO. 1, LLC - OJAI, CA - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



CA



OJAI



Nonclassifiable Establishments



Nonclassifiable Establishments



                            GAZ - WBS NO. 1, LLC
                                    



 





















G 


GAZ - WBS NO. 1, LLC
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



407 BRYANT CIR OJAI, CA 93023
Get Directions








Business Info



 Founded 2011
 Incorporated CA
 Annual Revenue --
 Employee Count 0
 Industries Nonclassifiable Establishments
 Contacts WILLIAM B SECHREST






Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Since 2011, Gaz - Wbs No. 1, Llc has been providing Nonclassifiable Establishments from Ojai. Gaz - Wbs No. 1, Llc is incorporated in California. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







G

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com







Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.




















Our Team | Harris, Wiltshire & Grannis LLP

































Our Team




Some firms pretend to do everything well. We stick to our strengths.
The professional backgrounds of HWG’s attorneys and advisors reflect the diversity of the firm’s practice. Most of our attorneys have served in government – many in high-ranking offices – whether at the FCC, in the Department of Justice, the Department of Energy, the White House, or on Capitol Hill. Some of us have also clerked for judges of the federal courts, including two who served as U.S. Supreme Court clerks. Coupled with our broad experience in private practice, these varied backgrounds enable us to provide an extraordinary range of services for a firm of our size.







FILTER BY PRACTICE AREA V

Telecom
Litigation and Investigations
Appellate Litigation
Corporate and Commercial Transactions
Legal Ethics and Malpractice
International Trade and Investment
Energy
Consumer Product Safety
Data Privacy, Security, and Use






 


Walter E. Anderson





Roy L. Austin





Jennifer P. Bagg





Traci D. Biswese





Austin Bonner





Kent D. Bressie


  


Paul J. Caritj





Michael J. Carlson





S. Roberts Carter





Zachary R. Clark





Thomas G. Connolly





Mark D. Davis


  


Kristine L. Devine





Adrienne E. Fowler





Steven A. Fredley





V. Shiva Goel





Mark A. Grannis





John R. Grimm


  


Scott Blake Harris





John A. Hodges





Cecil Hunt





Charles T. Kimmett





Damon C. Ladson





Susannah J. Larson


  


William M. Leahy





Paul Margie





Jared P. Marx





Thomas B. Mason





Stephen W. Miller





Jonathan B. Mirsky


  


John T. Nakahata





Michael D. Nilsson





Patrick O’Donnell





Patricia J. Paoletta





Deepika H. Ravi





Amy E. Richardson


  


Colleen A. Sechrest





H. Henry Shi





Randall W. Sifers





Timothy J. Simeone





Lauren E. Snyder





Rajesh R. Srinivasan


  


Brita D. Strandberg





William B. Sullivan





Yuxi Tian





Julie A. Veach





Samuel T. Walsh





Stephanie S. Weiner


  


William M. Wiltshire





Christopher J. Wright







Sitemap




About Us
Our Team
Practices




News
Recruiting
Contact





Like us. Connect with us.







 

At HWG, we’re always looking for smart, talented people to add to our team.
SOUND LIKE YOU?






1919 M Street NW, Eighth Floor
Washington, DC 20036-3537
+1 202-730-1300




By Appointment Only
555 Fayetteville St., Suite 201
Raleigh, NC 27601










Legal Notice
Attorney Advertising

© 2017 Harris, Wiltshire & Grannis LLP









High Point University - Wikipedia






















 






High Point University

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search


High Point University





Former names

High Point College (1924–1991)


Motto
Nil Sine Numine (Latin)



Motto in English

Nothing Without Divine Guidance


Type
Private


Established
1924


Endowment
$42 million[1]


President
Nido Qubein



Academic staff

879[2]


Students
4,800


Undergraduates
4,500


Postgraduates
319[3]


Location
High Point, North Carolina, U.S.
35°58′27″N 79°59′44″W﻿ / ﻿35.9741251°N 79.9954946°W﻿ / 35.9741251; -79.9954946Coordinates: 35°58′27″N 79°59′44″W﻿ / ﻿35.9741251°N 79.9954946°W﻿ / 35.9741251; -79.9954946


Campus
Suburban
380 acres


Colors
Purple and white
         


Athletics
NCAA Division I – Big South


Nickname
Panthers


Affiliations
IAMSCU
NAICU


Sports
16 varsity sports


Mascot
Prowler the Panther


Website
www.highpoint.edu





High Point University is a private liberal arts university in High Point, North Carolina, U.S., affiliated with the United Methodist Church. Founded as High Point College in 1924, it became High Point University in October 1991. HPU offers 47 undergraduate majors, 51 undergraduate minors and 12 graduate-degree majors. High Point University was ranked No. 1 among all regional colleges in the south[4] and No. 1 for the most innovative regional colleges in the south[5] in the "America's Best Colleges" 2016 Edition, published by U.S News & World Report.



Contents


1 History
2 Location
3 Academics

3.1 Schools

3.1.1 David R. Hayworth College of Arts and Sciences
3.1.2 Stout School of Education
3.1.3 Earl N. Phillips School of Business
3.1.4 School of Art and Design
3.1.5 Congdon School of Health Sciences

3.1.5.1 Fred Wilson School of Pharmacy


3.1.6 Nido R. Qubein School of Communication
3.1.7 Norcross Graduate School


3.2 Academic programs

3.2.1 Bonner Leader Program
3.2.2 HPU Poll/Survey Research Center
3.2.3 Human Biomechanics and Physiology Lab
3.2.4 Media Fellows Program
3.2.5 Pre-professional Programs
3.2.6 Physician Assistant Program




4 Admissions
5 Student life

5.1 Career and professional development
5.2 Community Enrichment Series/Access to Innovators
5.3 Greek life


6 Honor societies
7 Special guest speakers

7.1 National Advisory Board


8 Notable alumni
9 Community involvement
10 Athletics
11 Publications and media
12 Sechrest Gallery
13 Controversy
14 References
15 External links



History[edit]




Roberts Hall at High Point University






Atlas sculpture at High Point University. Artist, Jon Hair






Cottrell Hall at High Point University


In the mid-19th century, the Methodist Protestant Church, which is now part of the United Methodist Church, became active in educational pursuits in North Carolina. In 1921, after some years of consideration, the statewide governing body of the Methodist Protestant Church voted to establish a college.[6] Shortly afterwards the church accepted an offer from the citizens of High Point to contribute 60 acres (240,000 m2) of land and $100,000 to the project, placing the new school in the city of High Point.[7] The campus was designed by R. E. Mitchell of Washington, D.C., assisted by Herbert Hunter of High Point, in the English Renaissance style. The school was founded in 1924 as High Point College, a joint venture between the Methodist Protestant Church and the citizens of High Point, and officially opened its doors on September 14, 1924. When the college opened, the campus consisted of three buildings, attended by nine faculty members, with a student enrollment of 122.


High Point University presidents














The steadfast growth that characterized the birth of the College ended abruptly with the Great Depression. This period was difficult for the College in 1932–33, as faculty salaries were cut and expenses were sometimes bartered. Despite a $50,000 fund raising campaign, the College declared bankruptcy on June 15, 1934 and reorganization in an effort to reduce its indebtedness.[8] Subsequent reorganization enabled the College to move forward with business and renewed expansion.
On October 9, 1991, under the guidance of President Dr. Jacob C. Martinson, Jr. and the Board of Trustees, High Point College changed its name to High Point University to reflect post-graduate degree programs. Coinciding with the offering of graduate studies, every building on the campus was renovated and new ones were constructed with a campus quadrangle added to replace a former city street that bisected the campus,[9] and by 2004 the University's endowment increased to $40 million. When Jacob C. Martinson, Jr. stepped down as President in 2005, he was the longest serving United Methodist college president in the country.
In 2005, the university was only 92 acres and landlocked with a total undergraduate enrollment of 1,450. The university's operating budget was only $35 million with approximately 100 faculty members.[10] Since Dr. Nido R. Qubein became President of High Point University in 2005 the growth of the university has had significant impact on the city, region and the state of North Carolina. Qubein is the fourth highest paid college president, paid $2.9 million a year, in the United States.[11][12]
The Chronicle of Higher Education Almanac, April 19, 2016 noted Nido R Qubein is the third highest donor university president in the country from 2006-2016. He committed $10 million to High Point University.[13] Donations from alumni, parents and supporters of HPU total about $214 million since 2006. In 2010, the university announced plans to invest about $2.1 billion in overall growth in the next decade. To date, High Point University has spent $1.2 billion on four new schools plus facilities, faculty and student services.[14]
Ashley Furniture Industries Chairman Ron Wanek donated $10 million to High Point University in 2013 after visiting HPU's president Dr. Nido R. Qubein. Wanek's gift to the university is the 10th contribution of $10 million or more that Qubein has received during his tenure.[14]
On September 14, 2014, the university celebrated its 90th anniversary.[15] As part of the commemoration, 90 facts about the university were featured in the News and Record on High Point University's Founders Day.[16] On January 3, 2015, Nido R. Qubein celebrated his 10th anniversary as president of High Point University.
In April 2016, High Point University announced plans to invest $160 million in new building projects [17] including a 5,000-seat arena and conference center, undergraduate science center and residence hall.
Location[edit]
Together, Greensboro, High Point, and Winston-Salem, along with the surrounding suburbs and townships, form the Piedmont Triad region, an area with a population over 1.5 million. Of that number, approximately 108,285 live in High Point. Both Greensboro and Winston-Salem are twenty minutes from campus. East of the University are Raleigh (1½ hours away) and the Atlantic Ocean (3½ hours away); south of the University are Charlotte (1½ hours away) and Atlanta, Georgia (5 hours away); west of the University are the Appalachian Mountains (2 hours away) and north is Washington, D.C. (5 hours away).
Academics[edit]




Main campus at High Point University


In 2015, High Point University had a student-to-faculty ratio of 14:1 and a student retention rate of 76.5%.[18] The average class size is fewer than 20 students and no teacher assistants instruct classes.
In 2015, High Point University was ranked #1 in the annual U.S. News & World Report Regional Colleges South rankings.[19] In the 2016 rankings released HPU ranks #1 Best Regional College in the South for the fourth consecutive year and #1 Most Innovative Regional College in the South.[20]
In the Forbes Magazine listing, "America's Top Colleges," High Point University was ranked 559th nationwide out of 650.[21] In August 2013, Affordable Colleges Online ranked High Point University No. 8 among 35 colleges in North Carolina based on the return on investment versus the cost of tuition and fees.[22]
High Point University offers day and evening undergraduate degree programs (Bachelor of Arts and Bachelor of Science) and evening graduate degree programs (Master of Education in Elementary Education, Master of Education in Educational Leadership, Master of Public Administration in Nonprofit Organization, Master of Business Administration, and Master of Science in Sports Studies). A doctoral degree in Educational Leadership began in the fall of 2012.
Schools[edit]
Schools at High Point include the David R. Hayworth College of Arts and Sciences, the Phillips School of Business, the Plato S. Wilson School of Commerce, the Nido R. Qubein School of Communication, the School of Art and Design, the School of Health Sciences, and the School of Education. A School of Pharmacy is projected to open in 2017.
David R. Hayworth College of Arts and Sciences[edit]
Majors housed in the College of Arts and Sciences include Actuarial Science, Biochemistry, Biology, Chemistry, Computer Science, Criminal Justice, English, French, History, Human Relations, International Relations, Mathematical Economics, Mathematics, Music, Profit Leadership Management, Physics, Philosophy, Physics, Political Science, Psychology, Religion, Sociology and Anthropology, Spanish and Theater. Beginning in the fall of 2010 almost all courses in the College of Arts and Sciences became four credit courses.
In recent years, the sciences at High Point University have made significant updates. Congdon Hall has added new office suites, classrooms and study spaces. The science departments have invested a quarter of a million dollars in new equipment to support scientific research and education on campus, including a $77,186 Institutional Development Grant from the North Carolina Biotechnology Center (NCBC) to purchase additional equipment for the cell culture lab.
The physics department was recently added as a member of the Small and Moderate Aperture Research Telescope System (SMARTS) Consortium, which operates four small telescopes at the Cerro Tololo Inter-American Observatory in Chile. In spring of 2015, High Point University physics students also had their proposal accepted to NASA’s Micro-g Neutral Buoyancy Experiment Design Teams program (Micro-g NExT)[23]
Stout School of Education[edit]
The Stout School of Education opened in August 2012. The building is 31,000-square-foot and includes smart boards, a children's book library, math and science touch screen games, a methods lab designed to look and feel like a real elementary school classroom, a Mac lab, and psychology research booths. Students have the option of majoring in Elementary Education, Health and PE, Middle Grades Education or Special Education. There is also a Master of Education in Educational Leadership and a Doctoral Degree Program in Educational Leadership.
On March 27, 2017 High Point University announced that the School of Education would be renamed to the Stout School of Education in recognition of Robert and Maggie Stout.[24]
Earl N. Phillips School of Business[edit]
The Earl N. Phillips School of Business (PSB) is a vibrant, growing school of business with academic majors including Accounting, Business Administration, Entrepreneurship, International Business, Marketing and Sales. Minors include Accounting, Business Administration, Economics, Entrepreneurship, Finance, Global Commerce, Marketing and Sales. The Philips School of Business hosts the Business Plan Competition and offers students many opportunities for internships, to hear from guest speakers, and experiential learning.
School of Art and Design[edit]
The School of Art and Design includes academic majors in Graphic Design, Interior Design, Studio Art and Visual Merchandising Design. Minors include Art History, Graphic Design, Furnishings and Product Marketing, Photography, Studio Art and Visual Merchandising Design. The Interior Design program is part of the Knabusch-Shoemaker International School of Home Furnishings and Interior Design and has two computer-assisted design (CAD) labs, a library and gallery to ehibit student work. The Interior Design Program is accredited by the Council for Interior Design Accreditation (CIDA).
Congdon School of Health Sciences[edit]
The new HPU School of Health Sciences and School of Pharmacy are currently two of the university's biggest illustrations of ongoing expansion. HPU has invested $80 million into a 170,000-square-foot building to house both programs.[14]
In 2016, High Point University received the largest National Institute of Health grant in university history. The grant will fund research to find ways to prevent ACL tears, which are most likely to occur in young female athletes.
Fred Wilson School of Pharmacy[edit]
High Point University is investing $100 million in a new, state-of-the-art facility built to house the School of Pharmacy and School of Health Science. The 65,000 square foot school is designed with the latest technology, retail pharmacy space, assessment suites, classrooms and teaching & research labs. The development of the School of Pharmacy is a part of High Point University's ten year, $1.2 billion investment in academic programs and facilities. The School of Pharmacy will accept its first professional class in 2016. By design, High Point University will have the smallest pharmacy class size in North Carolina (80) with a low student to faculty ratio (9:1).
Currently the School of Pharmacy is seeking accreditation by the Accreditation Council for Pharmacy Education (ACPE) and the Southern Association of Colleges and Schools Commission on Colleges (SACS-COC).
In 2012 Dr. Ronald Ragan accepted the position of Professor and Founding Dean of the School of Pharmacy at High Point University. He is responsible for the design and development of the new School of Pharmacy, including accreditation of the program and construction of a new Pharmacy Building. Dr. Ragan was recruited from the University of Kansas.[25] In addition to Dr. Ragan, the School of Pharmacy boasts notable faculty members Dr. Peter Gal - Associate Dean for Academic Affairs,[26] Dr. Earle Lingle - Associate Dean for Student and Professional Affairs,[27] Dr. Scott Hemby - Chair of Basic Pharmaceutical Sciences,[28] and Dr. Joy Greene - Assistant Dean for Experiential Education.[29]
High Point University's School of Pharmacy was recently featured in US Airways Magazine[30] and Our State Magazine.[31]
Nido R. Qubein School of Communication[edit]
The Nido Qubein School of Communication features two high definition television production studios, a multi-track audio recording studio, editing suites, computer labs and a high-definition surround sound theatre-screening room.
High Point University currently offers five concentrations including Electronic Media Production (Developing Audio and Video Productions), Game and Interactive Media Design, Journalism (Converged Broadcast, Online, and Print), Media and Popular Culture Studies (History, Criticism, and Analysis), Sport Communication Strategic Communication (Health Communication, Social Media, Advertising, and Public Relations). In the fall of 2015, the school will offer three new communication majors: a Bachelor of Arts in Communication with an emphasis in Sport Communication (Reporting, Broadcast Performance, and Multimedia Production), a Bachelor of Arts in Documentary Media and a Bachelor of Arts in Communication with an emphasis in Sport & Event Management (Marketing and Promotions, Community Relations, Facility and Operations, Compliance, Ticketing, and Development).
Annually, the top sixteen incoming communication majors are granted membership into High Point University's Media Fellows Program. The Media Fellows Program application is available to students who plan to major in Journalism, Electronic Media, Strategic Communication, Games and Interactive Design or Media and Popular Culture Studies.
High Point University also offers a five-year B.A. to M.A. degree in strategic communication with specializations in either health communication or public relations. Students begin graduate courses in their senior year with courses counting toward both their undergraduate and graduate degrees. They then spend one additional year taking graduate courses and earn a master's degree.
Communication majors have landed full-time positions and internships at companies such as National Air and Space Museum, Walt Disney World, Office Depot, Procter & Gamble, Seventeen magazine and many more.
In March 2015, High Point University announced that former Today Show producer Joe Michaels would be joining the Nido Qubein School of Communication as an artist-in-residence. Joe Michaels is a seven-time Emmy Award-winning director and a two-time Directors Guild of America Honoree. Other notable faculty in the School of Communication include Charisse McGhee-Lazarou, former vice president of Primetime Programming at NBC. David Neal, a 34-time Emmy Award-winning producer and Fox’s World Cup Coordinator serves on the Nido Qubein School of Communication advisory board.
In October 2016, High Point University’s event management program in the Nido R. Qubein School of Communication received international recognition as the best event management bachelor's degree and accepted the Haas & Wilkerson Pinnacle Gold Award at the 61st Annual International Festivals & Events Association Convention on Sept. 28 in Tucson, Arizona. The Pinnacle Awards recognize the quality, excellence, creativity and achievements of the festival and event industry, including the top bachelor’s, master’s and doctoral degrees in event management education. [32]
Norcross Graduate School[edit]
Norcross Graduate School at High Point University houses BA to MA/M.Ed programs (for undergraduate students only), Masters programs and Doctorate programs. BA to MA/M.Ed programs include Elementary Education (BA to M.Ed), Strategic Communication (BA to MA) and Special Education (BA to M.Ed). Masters programs include Business Administration (MBA), Education (M.Ed), Education (M.A.T), Physician Assistant Studies (MPAS) and Strategic Communication (MA). The Masters of Athletic Training (MSAT) is to come in 2017. Doctorate programs include Educational Leadership (Ed. D.), Doctor of Pharmacy (PharmD) and Doctor of Physical Therapy (DPT). Norcorss Graduate School also offers an add-on educational license for Educational Administration.
Academic programs[edit]
Bonner Leader Program[edit]
The Bonner Leader Program is a part of a nationwide network of 70+ colleges and universities affiliated with and guided by the Bonner Leader Foundation. The Bonner Leader Program at High Point University began during the 2013-2014 academic year. The program is composed of six juniors and seniors and two service learning faculty. The Bonner Leader Program is a four-year responsibility. Students commit to 5–7 hours of community service each week, culminating in over 200 hours of community service during each academic year.
HPU Poll/Survey Research Center[edit]
The Survey Research Center began at High Point University in March 2010. HPU Poll surveys people in North Carolina and other states about public affairs issues and reports the results as a public service. Since 2010, members of the HPU Poll have asked questions about approval of public officials in North Carolina and current political issues such as the economy, health care, education, and the threat of terrorism. For each High Point University Poll, the Survey Research Center staff posts press releases, summary memos that give details about survey methods and content, and presentations that highlight a selection of survey questions. HPU's Survey Research Center also supports faculty and student collaboration by managing and consulting on student-faculty research projects.
The Survey Research Center is based in the Nido Qubein School of Communication.
Human Biomechanics and Physiology Lab[edit]
The High Point University Human Biomechanics and Physiology Lab opened in November 2012 and contains a 3D motion analysis system for documenting how the body responds during individual movements using sensors, high-speed motion capture cameras, and force plates. Exercise science is now the third largest major on campus with Biology ranking number 5.
Media Fellows Program[edit]
Each year 16 incoming communication majors are granted membership into High Point University’s Media Fellows Program through the Nido R. Qubein School of Communication. Media Fellows live in a living-learning community their freshman year and have options to travel abroad. During their college career, Media Fellows also participate in summer internships at national media companies, participate in seminars related to their major and produce a Capstone project their senior year.
Pre-professional Programs[edit]
Pre-professional studies are also offered, leading to medical, dental, pharmacy, or physician assistant school, engineering, forestry school, law school, theological seminary, or other professional training.
Physician Assistant Program[edit]
In June 2015, High Point University welcomed its first class of students enrolled in the physician assistant program. Only 20 students were selected from a pool of 800 applicants and they will graduate in 2017.[33] The program will begin each summer and will span 27 months over 7 continuous semesters. In 2017, the program will be housed in HPU's new of Health Sciences and School of Pharmacy building. The program then will be able to expand to 35 students.
The course of study is divided into a 15-month didactic phase and a 12-month clinical phase. The Accreditation Review Commission on Education for the Physician Assistant granted Accreditation-Provisional status to the High Point University Physician Assistant Program sponsored by High Point University. Students will spend their first year largely in the classroom. In the second year, students will complete clinical work at High Point Regional Hospital, Novant Health Forsyth Medical Center in Winston-Salem, area Cornerstone Health Care offices and other group and private practices around the area.
High Point is the ninth North Carolina college to offer a physician assistant program. Two others are in the works, including one at UNC-Chapel Hill.[34] HPU's Physician Assistant program features a state of the art simulation lab featuring iStan, a high fidelity mannequin that can communicate, sweat, bleed, and respond to treatments.[35] Aside from the clinical simulation lab, the space also includes three real-life patient examination rooms, a traditional classroom, and a clinical skills lab.[36]
On June 7, 2015, the students participated in the traditional "white coat" ceremony to mark the beginning of their training.[37]
Admissions[edit]
In 2005, traditional undergraduate enrollment was 1,450. In 2013, High Point University welcomed 4,000 students to campus, an increase by 176 percent. Based on data gathered from the incoming class of 2012, approximately 8,200 applications were reviewed. There was a 54% acceptance rate, with 1,333 enrolling. 78% of the freshmen class applied Early Decision or Early Action. For the class of 2017, the mid-range SAT scores for high school seniors applying to the university was 1000 to 1200. The mean SAT range for Critical Reading and Math was 1100 and the mean ACT Composite score for entering freshmen was 24. The average GPA on a 4.0 scale was a 3.3 un-weighted. 80% of the class was made up of students who were from states outside of North Carolina, and the class represented 41 states and 20 countries.
In the class of 2014, there were 54 students who received the titles of either National Merit Scholars, valedictorians, salutatorians or high school student government presidents. 307 students had Advanced Placement Courses from high school, earning over 1272 credit hours in 23 different subjects. Several students earned the distinction of Eagle Scout or Gold Award recipient during high school, and there were 15 languages spoken fluently among the class. The top ten states represented by the class were North Carolina, Maryland, New Jersey, Massachusetts, New York, Pennsylvania, Connecticut, Virginia, Ohio and Florida. The class is 74% Caucasian, 6% African American, 3% Hispanic or Latin American, 1% Asian or Asian-American, and 16% Other.[38]
Student life[edit]
High Point University is a residential campus by design, with 19 residence halls in total. In 2015 Business Insider ranked High Point University #4 in the nation for best residence halls.[39] All High Point University students are required to reside on campus until they have reached senior status, unless they commute from their parent's permanent address.
High Point University has 12 dining locations on campus including 5 restaurants, Chick-fil-A, Subway, 3 convenience stores and 2 Starbucks. In November 2015 High Point University made Business Insider's list of the 20 colleges with the best dining halls.[40]
Career and professional development[edit]
The Office of Career and Professional Development at High Point University helps students explore their career interests, identify their strengths, and develop a plan that will prepare them for life after graduation. As a part of the Four Year Career Plan, HPU Career advisors help students with freshman career planning, establishing a LinkedIn profile, updating resumes, creating an effective cover letter, applying for graduate school and applying for internships and jobs. The Office of Career and Professional Development also offers an externship course aimed at second semester freshmen and sophomores seeking career-based experience and skill development.
Students who have utilized the Office of Career and Professional Development have landed internships at regional, national, and global organizations such as Ashley Furniture, CBS, CNN, Hearst Magazines, Living Social, Michael Kors, Microsoft, NASA, Vineyard Vines, Good Housekeeping, Paramount Studios, Pfizer Pharmaceuticals and more.
Community Enrichment Series/Access to Innovators[edit]
Students are provided with Access to Innovators, which has brought scores of world-renowned thought-leaders and speakers to campus, including Mitch Albom, Steve Forbes, Malcolm Gladwell, Seth Godin, John C. Maxwell, Thomas Friedman, Ken Dychtwald, and CNN Justice Correspondent Pamela Brown (journalist). Guest speakers are selected to provide students and the community the opportunity to understand diverse viewpoints, positions and backgrounds. Recently, Marc Randolph, the co-founder of Netflix.[41] and Biz Stone, the co-founder of Twitter.[42] While Marc was on campus he took part in a question-and-answer session titled “A Discussion with High Point University President Nido Qubein” and spent time in the Belk Entrepreneurship Center to review High Point University students’ business concepts. Biz also took part in a discussion with President Nido Qubein and spent time with communication and entrepreneurship students.
The Cultural Enrichment Series was named the Community Enrichment Series in 2014. Guests to campus in the 2014-2015 year included Dutch artist Theo Jansen, digital art pioneer Barbara Nessim, sports television announcer Bob Rathbun,[43] Navy Seal Rob O'Neill,[44] pianist Marvin Blickenstaff, and artist Mariyah Sultan.[45] These events are open to students, faculty, staff, and the surrounding community.
Most recently, High Point University announced that Steve Wozniak, the co-founder of Apple Inc. computer, has on a new role as High Point University’s Innovator in Residence.[46] Through an ongoing partnership, Wozniak will connect with HPU students and visited campus on March 23, 2016. The partnership with Steve Wozniak stems from High Point University's focus on providing access to innovators for students.[47]
High Point University also offers students the chance to expand their movie repertoire with the Faculty Film Series, which features faculty-selected films to be shown on campus in the Extraordinaire Cinema and Qubein Screening Room. Films included in the series connect with specific courses being taught on campus during the semester.
Greek life[edit]
There are currently 14 Greek organizations on campus governed by the following councils:
Panhellenic Council (NPC) - Alpha Chi Omega, Alpha Gamma Delta, Kappa Delta, Phi Mu, Sigma Sigma Sigma, Zeta Tau Alpha.
National Pan-Hellenic Council (NPHC) - Alpha Kappa Alpha, Delta Sigma Theta, Kappa Alpha Psi, Zeta Phi Beta.
Interfraternity Council (IFC) - Pi Kappa Phi, Beta Theta Pi, Kappa Alpha Order, Kappa Sigma.Sigma Nu, [48]
Many Greek students are University Ambassadors, Resident Assistants, Peer Mentors, Campus Activity Team members, and Presidential Scholars. Students at High Point University cannot become members of a Greek organization on campus until they have completed at least one semester. Recruitment begins in October and November and ends in January. Students must have at least a 2.5 GPA.
Honor societies[edit]
Honor societies at High Point University include the Order of the Lighted Lamp, Alpha Chi (both recognize academic achievement), Alpha Delta Omega (Human Relations), Beta Beta Beta (Biology), Sigma Delta Pi (Spanish), Pi Delta Phi (French), Phi Sigma Iota (Foreign Language), Lambda Pi Eta (Communications), Alpha Sigma Lambda (Adult Learners), Pi Sigma Alpha (Political Science), Kappa Delta Pi (Education), Delta Mu Delta (Business), Psi Chi (Psychology), Alpha Phi Sigma (Criminal Justice), Sigma Tau Delta (International English Honors Society), and Alpha Lambda Delta.
In April 2015, 254 students were inducted into High Point University's newest honor society, Alpha Lambda Delta. The mission of Alpha Lambda Delta is to encourage superior academic achievement, to promote intelligent living and a high standard of learning, and to assist students in recognizing and developing meaningful goals in society.
Special guest speakers[edit]
In recent years, the school has brought high-profile speakers to campus for commencement, including former President George W. Bush, former President Bill Clinton, former New York mayor Rudolph Giuliani, televangelist pioneer the Rev. Robert Schuller, Queen Noor of Jordan, U.S. Supreme Court Justice Clarence Thomas, astronaut and children's book author Buzz Aldrin, Coca-Cola Company Chairman and CEO Muhtar Kent, the former U.S. First Lady Laura Bush, and Steve Wozniak, the co-founder of Apple.
Colin L. Powell was selected as the 2014 Commencement speaker. Prior to his appearance on campus, Colin Powell gained the university and city of High Point national publicity. The news network CNN ranked High Point University and Colin Powell’s address as fifth in the country for a segment titled "2014’s Big-Name College Commencement Speakers."[49] The morning of commencement, ABC News streamed the entirety of High Point University's graduation ceremony live on their news website. Additionally, The Huffington Post featured a video of Powell's commencement speech citing key pieces of advice he shared with the High Point University Class of 2014 on May 3.[50]
In August 2014, High Point University announced that the distinguished journalist Tom Brokaw, best known as the anchor and managing editor for NBC Nightly News,[51] would be the 2015 commencement speaker. Before the commencement weekend, he made USA Today's list of 'Most Prominent College Graduation Speakers of 2015'.[52] The Huffington Post highlighted Brokaw's speech[53] which urged High Point University graduates to be a new generation that sees past race, gender and superficial lines that divide.
In May 2016, Condoleezza Rice, 66th Secretary of State, served as the Commencement speaker.[54] High Point University President Nido Qubein believes that "Secretary Rice has served this country in measurable ways through her work in our nation’s capital, in free enterprise, in academia and in efforts to improve education for children. She embodies the American spirit and its core values, which we proudly celebrate on our campus." [55] Condoleezza Rice joined President Nido Qubein in a question-and-answer session on Friday, May 6 and addressed the Class of 2016 at High Point University's Commencement ceremony on Saturday, May 7, 2016.[56]
In August 2016, High Point University announced that journalist and television news anchor Wolf Blitzer of CNN's The Situation Room will serve as the 2017 Commencement Speaker.
Throughout the years, other special guests have included former President Bill Clinton, social and political analyst Armstrong Williams, baseball hall of fame recipient Cal Ripken Jr., author Chris Gardner, Olympic gold medalist Jennifer Azzi, former George W. Bush advisor Karl Rove, Grammy award-winning singer Lee Greenwood, physician Patch Adams, and best-selling author Stedman Graham. Local speakers include North Carolina governor Pat McCrory and Richard Childress, president and CEO of Richard Childress Racing. Speakers have also included Tony award-winning composer Charles Strouse and Steve Harvey.
HPU welcomed Chancellor of UNC Chapel Hill, Carol Folt who was interviewed by president Nido Qubein for UNCTV. HPU also welcomed Stanford University professor, TED speaker and author, Carol Dweck, who was interviewed by president Qubein on her research and book "Mindset" which focuses on the idea of Growth Mindset.
In February 2017, Apple Co-Founder and HPU Innovator in Residence, Steve Wozniak, was welcomed back to campus to speak with students, faculty, staff and members of the community about a variety of topics.[57]
National Advisory Board[edit]
The National Board of Advisors is composed of Fortune 500 CEOs and thought leaders who have impacted the United States of America and the world in significant ways. Most recently, HPU announced they have appointed Anthony Atala[58] of Wake Forest Institute for Regenerative Medicine[59] to their National Board of Advisors.
Other distinguished members include General Colin Powell and Steve Wozniak,[60] Dr. James Moeser, chancellor emeritus at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill; Ron Wanek, founder and chairman of Ashley Furniture; Marty Flanagan, president and CEO of Invesco Ltd.; Kelly King, chairman and CEO of BB&T; Bonnie McElveen-Hunter, CEO & Owner of Pace Communications, Chairwoman of the American Red Cross and former U.S. Ambassador to Finland; Kurt L. Darrow, President and CEO of La-Z-Boy; Rich Handler, CEO and Director of Leucadia and CEO and Chairman of the Board for Jeffries Group; Tim Belk, chairman and CEO of Belk Stores, and David King, CEO of LabCorp.
Notable alumni[edit]

Nido R. Qubein - Seventh president of High Point University, businessman, motivational speaker, author
Cody Allen - Major League Baseball pitcher for the Cleveland Indians. Drafted in the 23rd Round of the 2011 Major League Baseball Draft
Elizabeth Carty - Miss North Carolina Teen USA
Chris Cottrell – Lincoln Memorial University Assistant Men's Basketball Coach
Dick Culler – Major League Baseball player
Julia Dalton - Miss North Carolina USA
Austin Dillon – NASCAR Sprint Cup Series driver, 2011 NASCAR Camping World Truck Series Champion, 2013 NASCAR Nationwide Series Champion
Lauch Faircloth – Former United States Senator (R-NC)
Donna Fargo – Grammy-winning country music singer/songwriter
Issa Konare – PBL Basketball player for the Vermont Frost Heaves and plays for Senegal's national team
Gene Littles – Former ABA basketball player and NBA coach
Jack Lucas – Youngest Marine to receive the Congressional Medal of Honor
Donald Marriott - N.C. State Tennis Champion 2003
Robert "50" Martin – professional basketball player Atlanta Vision; former And1 streetballer
Robert R. Merhige, Jr. - A federal judge for the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Virginia who is known for his ruling on desegregation in the 1970s.
Taylor Milne – Canadian Olympian in the 1500 metres
Arizona Reid – Professional basketball player for the San Miguel Beerman
Jaime Schultz - baseball player[61]
Tubby Smith – NCAA coach and assistant coach of the 2000 U.S. Men's Basketball Team
John Taylor - star of the Emmy Award-nominated weight loss series Too Fat for 15: Fighting Back, and New Jersey's State Teacher of the Year for 2016[62]

Community involvement[edit]
In 2011, students in the High Point University School of Education partnered with The Montlieu Academy of Technology in High Point to allow students the opportunity to use iPads in the classroom. The iPads given to the school were funded by High Point University, Businesses for Excellence in Education, the William B. Millis Fund of the High Point Community Foundation and the Joseph M. Bryan Foundation.
In 2014, an article in The High Point Enterprise stated that the iPads donated to Montlieu Academy had positive results.[63]
In 2015 High Point University President Nido Qubein announced that HPU would make the lead gift of $100,000 for a local YMCA Splash Park. The Splash Park will give children in the High Point community a place to stay cool and healthy over the summer. In 2016, the Charl Chavis YMCA in High Point hosted the grand opening of the Splash Park where HPU dedicated the park in honor of Carlvena Foster, executive director of the YMCA and a High Point University alumna.[64]
High Point University and High Point Regional Hospital announced in February 2016 that they have "partnered the creation of the Community Rehabilitation Clinic- a clinic to treat the insured and the uninsured populations with a variety of physical therapy and rehabilitation needs."
In the summer of 2016, HPU graduate Brandon Holder spoke as part of TedxGreensboro about finding his passion and developing a solar-powered water purification system to help bring water to developing nations. His organization is called "Water the World: Live Locally. Give Globally."
In late September 2016, The HPU Department of Physics hosted their third annual "HPUniverse Day" which invites local children and their families to campus for activities focused on science, astronomy, space exploration and more. In 2016, nearly 1,000 people attended the event/ Giving children the opportunity to enjoy science but also consider it as a field of work someday is part of the event's goal, according to lead organizer Dr. Brad Barlow, assistant professor of astrophysics. [65]
For the sixth consecutive year, High Point University hosted its annual Community Christmas Celebration, welcoming more than 20,000 community members and their families. Visitors experience music, entertainment, falling snow, meeting Santa, arts and crafts, a petting zoo, train rides, food and drinks, thousands of lights and beautiful holiday decorations. This event is free of charge to the community.[66]
Athletics[edit]
Main article: High Point Panthers
The High Point Panthers include HPU's 16 athletic teams that compete at the NCAA Division I level, mostly in the Big South Conference. HPU's 16 varsity sports are baseball, men's and women's basketball, men's and women's cross country, men's and women's golf, men's and women's lacrosse, men's and women's soccer, men's and women's indoor track & field, men's and women's outdoor track & field and women's volleyball. In recent years, HPU has won nine Big South Conference Championships, produced 10 Conference Players of the Year; and more than 130 HPU athletes have received Big South All-Academic Honors.
The 2010–11 season was the most successful since High Point University joined NCAA Division I in 1999–2000. In the fall, the women's soccer team and women's volleyball team won Big South Tournaments and the men's soccer team won the Big South regular season.[67] In the spring, the women's lacrosse team won the National Lacrosse Conference tournament and set a record for wins by a first-year program, with 15.[68]
The 2010-2011 women's lacrosse team success led to other accomplishments in 2013. The assistant women's lacrosse coach Lauren Norris was selected to coach the 2013 Israel National Lacrosse Team in the 2013 FIL Women's World Cup.
In the fourth round of the 2013 Major League Soccer (MLS) Supplemental Draft, the Columbus Crew picked High Point University senior midfielder Shawn Sloan.
High Point University also fields the following sports at the club level: men's and women's basketball, men's and women's golf, men's and women's lacrosse, men's and women's rowing, running, men's and women's soccer, men's and women's swimming, men's and women's tennis, women's field hockey, softball, ultimate frisbee, equestrian and ice hockey.[69]
In the fall of 2013, the High Point University field hockey team qualified for the national tournament in Virginia Beach with a 6-2-0 season. The club equestrian team is a member of the Intercollegiate Horse Show Association (IHSA).
Donations to High Point University's Athletic Department have exceeded $30 million. The primary athletics facilities at High Point University are the Millis Center (basketball, volleyball), Williard Stadium (baseball) and the Witcher Athletic Center at Vert Stadium (track, soccer, lacrosse).[70]
In May 2009, former University of North Carolina captain Scott Cherry was named head coach of men's basketball.
High Point University broke ground on a 31,500 square-foot facility in 2013. The facility will house a 120-seat academic center as well as athletic training rooms. The newest building on campus will also include new locker rooms and lounges for men's and women's lacrosse and soccer teams, as well as offices for coaches and support staff members.
In May 2014, High Point University announced the appointment of Dan Hauser as the new Athletic Director, effective July 1, 2014. Hauser has spent the last eight years as Senior Associate Athletic Director at Ohio University. He previously served as Director of Marketing at Wake Forest University.
In July 2016, The Big South announced the 2015-2016 Presidential Honor Roll, where High Point University Athletics had the highest percentage of 3.0 GPAs.[71]
At the beginning of 2017, High Point University announced plans for a new basketball arena and conference center to be built on campus. The facility will be named for High Point University president, Dr. Nido R. Qubein and his wife, Mariana Qubein. Construction is to begin in 2018 and it is projected to open in 2020.[72]
It was also announced in early 2017 that the basketball court in the new arena will be named for University of Memphis Head Coach and High Point University alumni, Tubby Smith. Orlando, "Tubby" Smith and his wife, Donna Smith, generously donated $1 million to the construction of the new facility.[73]
Publications and media[edit]

High Point University Magazine, for alumni
The Apogee, the literary magazine
Black Script
Campus Chronicle, rated one of the Top 20 campus newspapers in the United States by the American Scholastic Press Association
HPU Radio, student produced and broadcast via Hpuradio.com
Zenith, yearbook
"HPU Sports Link", Broadcasts HPU athletics live online

In May 2013, HPU graduates Collin Smith and Ernest Greene were featured on ABC World News Tonight with Diane Sawyer, Good Morning America, and Fox & Friends Christmas Special. Smith was a three-sport athlete in high school before a car accident left him paralyzed from the chest down. Greene was a member of Smith's church when the accident occurred and volunteered his time throughout Smith's college career to help him get ready for school and take notes during his classes. Smith graduated in 2013 and Greene received an honorary degree during the Commencement Ceremony.
In Fall 2013, High Point University President Nido R. Qubein made a live appearance on CNBC's Squawk Box to discuss the American Dream and the importance of a holistic education.
Sechrest Gallery[edit]
A permanent collection of original works donated to the University by High Point Alumnus Darrell L. Sechrest. Among others, the permanent collection includes works by Christian Dietrich, Sir Lawrence Alma-Tadema, Sir Joshua Reynolds, Allesandro Gherardini, El Greco, George Harvey, Emile Louis Picault, Elsie Popkin, and Antonio Zucchi and Angelica Kauffman. The gallery is housed within the Hayworth Fine Arts Center.[74]
Controversy[edit]
Since taking office in 2005, President Nido Qubein has been adding campus buildings and creating student amenities such as concierge services, an on-campus steak house, free carwashes, and an icecream truck.[75] In early 2012 Businessweek reported that about $700 million in new building and campus upgrades was financed by heavy borrowing and Moody's Investors Service downgraded the school’s bonds to junk status in 2009 due to the school's position as one of the most heavily leveraged colleges in the country.[75] The U.S. Department of Education's "financial responsibility" score for the 2012 and 2013 fiscal year has High Point University scoring the highest possible score of 3, putting the university ahead of Elon University, Duke University, and Davidson College.[76] Businessweek responded by inviting the school to make financial documents available to support any challenges to the article's accuracy, but none were offered in response.[75] In addition to questioning debt levels, Businessweek challenged whether the school's relationships with its lenders and vendors were at an appropriate arm's length, citing in particular that the school spends large marketing dollars with a public relations firm headed by the president's daughter. The college's claims to a growing reputation in higher education were challenged as being based more on high-end student amenities and marketing strategy than on solid academics.[75]
References[edit]


^ As of June 30, 2011. "U.S. and Canadian Institutions Listed by Fiscal Year 2011 Endowment Market Value and Percentage Change in Endowment Market Value from FY 2010 to FY 2011" (PDF). 2011 NACUBO-Commonfund Study of Endowments. National Association of College and University Business Officers. Retrieved June 16, 2011. 
^ [1], High Point University
^ "High Point University". Retrieved August 15, 2015. 
^ "Regional College South Rankings | Top Regional Colleges South | US News Best Colleges". colleges.usnews.rankingsandreviews.com. Retrieved 2016-05-27. 
^ "Most Innovative Schools | Regional Colleges South | US News Best Colleges". colleges.usnews.rankingsandreviews.com. Retrieved 2016-05-27. 
^ Sizemore, F. J., ed. The Buildings and the Builders of a City: High Point, North Carolina. High Point: Hall Printing Company, 1947. p. 318-319
^ Robinson, Blackwell P., and Alexander R. Stoesen. The History of Guilford County, North Carolina, U.S.A. to 1980, A.D. Greensboro: The Guilford County Bicentennial Commission, 1980. p. 233
^ Robinson, Blackwell P., and Alexander R. Stoesen. "The History of Guilford County, North Carolina, U.S.A. To 1980, A.D." Greensboro: The Guilford County Bicentennial Commission, 1980. p. 235
^ https://web.archive.org/web/20040928204703/http://www.high-point.net/edc/2002annrpt.pdf%7C High Point Economic Development Corporation Website
^ "Rhino Times - June 19, 2014". Archived from the original on November 29, 2014. Retrieved August 15, 2015. 
^ StartClass, Nido Qubien -- High Point University #4, Retrieved December 14, 2015, "...Total Compensation: $2,909,148.."
^ Jean Stancill, December 8, 2015, News & Observer, The president of High Point University ranked as the third highest-paid university president in the country, according to a Chronicle of Higher Education report on 2013 data, Retrieved December 14, 2015, "....."
^ Kambhampati, Sandhya. "32 Leaders of Private Colleges Earned More Than $1 Million in 2013". The Chronicle of Higher Education. The Chronicle of Higher Education. Retrieved December 6, 2015. 
^ a b c "Can High Point University fly higher?". Triad Business Journal. May 23, 2014. Retrieved August 15, 2015. 
^ "Page Not Found - HP® Official Site". Archived from the original on December 18, 2014. Retrieved August 15, 2015. 
^ john.newsom@news-record.com, John Newsom. "HPU delves into past for 90th birthday". Retrieved February 26, 2017. 
^ "High Point University unveils plan to 'lead the way' with $160M in new building projects - Greensboro - Triad Business Journal". Triad Business Journal. Retrieved 2016-05-27. 
^ http://colleges.usnews.rankingsandreviews.com/best-colleges/high-point-university-2933
^ http://colleges.usnews.rankingsandreviews.com/best-colleges/rankings/regional-colleges-south
^ http://colleges.usnews.rankingsandreviews.com/best-colleges/high-point-university-198695/overall-rankings
^ "America's Top Colleges". Forbes. Retrieved August 15, 2015. 
^ "Online Colleges in North Carolina - AffordableCollegesOnline.org". Retrieved August 15, 2015. 
^ "NASA invites High Point University students to test device". Greensboro News & Record. Retrieved August 15, 2015. 
^ "Couple donates $5 million to HPU". The High Point Enterprise. Retrieved 3.27.17.  Check date values in: |access-date= (help)
^ "School of Pharmacy associate dean leaving KU for top spot with new program". Retrieved August 15, 2015. 
^ High Point University. "HPU Welcomes Gal as Associate Dean for Academic Affairs for the School of Pharmacy". High Point University. Retrieved August 15, 2015. 
^ High Point University. "School of Pharmacy Welcomes Lingle as Associate Dean". High Point University. Retrieved August 15, 2015. 
^ High Point University. "Hemby Joins School of Pharmacy". High Point University. Retrieved August 15, 2015. 
^ High Point University. "Greene Joins School of Pharmacy". High Point University. Retrieved August 15, 2015. 
^ High Point University. "ISSUU - High Point University Feature in US Airways Magazine by High Point University". Issuu. Retrieved August 15, 2015. 
^ High Point University. "ISSUU - Our State Magazine HPU Feature October 2013 by High Point University". Issuu. Retrieved August 15, 2015. 
^ "Past Pinnacle Winners". Retrieved February 26, 2017. 
^ "High Point University welcomes first students in physician assistant program - Greensboro - Triad Business Journal". Triad Business Journal. June 5, 2015. Retrieved August 15, 2015. 
^ "High Point University starts physician assistant program". Winston-Salem Journal. Retrieved August 15, 2015. 
^ HPU's PA Program Opens State of the Art Simulation Lab. YouTube. May 14, 2014. Retrieved August 15, 2015. 
^ "Meet Stan. He cries, sweats, talks and pees. And he's a mannequin". Retrieved August 15, 2015. 
^ University, High Point (2015-06-07). "HPU Hosts Inaugural White Coat Ceremony and Welcomes First Class of PA Students - High Point University". High Point University. Retrieved 2016-05-15. 
^ High Point University. "Freshmen Class Profile". High Point University - Undergraduate Admissions. Retrieved August 15, 2015. 
^ "The 30 colleges with the best dorms". Retrieved February 26, 2017. 
^ "The 20 colleges with the best dining halls". Retrieved February 26, 2017. 
^ REPORT, ENTERPRISE STAFF. "Netflix co-founder to visit HPU". Retrieved February 26, 2017. 
^ "Twitter (NYSE: TWTR) co-founder Biz Stone to speak at High Point University - Greensboro - Triad Business Journal". Triad Business Journal. Retrieved 2016-05-27. 
^ "Sportscaster Bob Rathbun Shares Industry Expertise at HPU". Retrieved August 15, 2015. 
^ "Page Not Found - HP® Official Site". Archived from the original on February 24, 2015. Retrieved August 15, 2015. 
^ David Ford. "Sechrest Gallery Presents "Elemental Emulsions: Mariyah Sultan Paintings"". Retrieved August 15, 2015. 
^ University, High Point. "Apple Co-Founder Steve Wozniak Becomes HPU's Innovator in Residence". GlobeNewswire News Room. Retrieved 2016-05-27. 
^ "Steve Wozniak named Innovator in Residence at High Point University". Retrieved February 26, 2017. 
^ High Point University. "Greek Life". Greek Life. Retrieved August 15, 2015. 
^ Jamie Gumbrecht, CNN (April 25, 2014). "College commencement speakers for 2014 announced - CNN.com". CNN. Retrieved August 15, 2015. 
^ "Congress Needs To Stop And Listen To Colin Powell's Commencement Speech (VIDEO)". The Huffington Post. Retrieved August 15, 2015. 
^ [2][dead link]
^ "Most prominent college commencement speakers of 2015 - USA TODAY College". USA TODAY College. Retrieved August 15, 2015. 
^ "Tom Brokaw: We Can't Fulfill America's Promise If We Are Blinded By Color". The Huffington Post. Retrieved August 15, 2015. 
^ REPORTS, STAFF. "Condoleezza Rice to speak at HPU graduation". Retrieved February 26, 2017. 
^ Journal, Jordan Howse/Winston-Salem. "Condoleezza Rice to speak at HPU graduation". Retrieved February 26, 2017. 
^ Hill, Jarred. "Condoleezza Rice speaks at HPU graduation". WXII12. Retrieved 2016-05-27. 
^ Yahoo Finance. Yahoo Finance http://finance.yahoo.com/news/apple-co-founder-steve-wozniak-172956871.html. Retrieved 3/10/17.  Check date values in: |access-date= (help); Missing or empty |title= (help)
^ Anthony Atala. "Anthony Atala: Growing new organs - TED Talk - TED.com". Retrieved August 15, 2015. 
^ High Point University. "National Board of Advisors Adds Dr. Anthony Atala". High Point University. Retrieved August 15, 2015. 
^ Reports, Staff. "Colin Powell, Steve Wozniak join new High Point University board". Retrieved February 26, 2017. 
^ "Schultz selects D-1 baseball". troyrecord.com. Retrieved April 10, 2015. 
^ "Jersey City educator named N.J. charter school teacher of the year". www.nj.com. Retrieved 2016-07-23. 
^ "Page Not Found - HP® Official Site". Archived from the original on September 18, 2014. Retrieved August 15, 2015. 
^ University, High Point (2016-05-12). "Carl Chavis YMCA Opens Splash Park for Children in High Point - High Point University". High Point University. Retrieved 2016-05-27. 
^ University, High Point. "Science Comes to Life at HPUniverse Day for Local Children - High Point University - - High Point University - High Point, NC". Retrieved February 26, 2017. 
^ O'Connell, Elaina (December 14, 2016). "High Point University Hosts Annual Community Christmas". TWC News. TWC News. Retrieved February 7, 2017. 
^ High Point University Panthers - High Point leads Sasser Cup standings after fall. Highpointpanthers.com (2010-12-01). Retrieved on 2013-08-09.
^ High Point University Panthers - HPU women's lacrosse finishes season with loss to No. 2 UNC. Highpointpanthers.com (2011-05-06). Retrieved on 2013-08-09.
^ High Point University Panthers - Club Sports at HPU. Highpointpanthers.com. Retrieved on 2013-08-09.
^ "High Point University Panthers - HPU dedicates Witcher Athletic Center". High Point University. Retrieved August 15, 2015. 
^ "Big South Announces 2015-16 Presidential Honor Roll". Retrieved February 26, 2017. 
^ Newsom, John (January 30, 2017). "High Point University details plans for basketball arena, conference center". Winston-Salem Journal. Retrieved February 7, 2017. 
^ Staff, Web (February 7, 2017). "High Point University to name new basketball court after Tubby Smith". Fox 8. Fox 8. Retrieved February 7, 2017. 
^ "High Point University" (PDF). Retrieved August 15, 2015. 
^ a b c d "BubbleU: High Point University", Bloomberg Businessweek, April 19, 2012
^ "Financial Responsibility Composite Scores". Retrieved August 15, 2015. 



Loy, Gary, High Point University 90th Anniversary Photo Book. Lulu Press, 2014.
McCaslin, Dr. Richard B., Remembered Be Thy Blessings: High Point University: The College Years, 1924–1991. High Point University, 1995.

External links[edit]

Official website







v
t
e


Private colleges and universities in North Carolina






Barber-Scotia
Barton
Belmont Abbey
Bennett
Brevard
Campbell
Catawba
Charlotte Christian
Chowan
Davidson
Duke
Elon
Gardner–Webb
Greensboro
Guilford
High Point
Johnson C. Smith
John Wesley
Lees–McRae
Lenoir–Rhyne
Livingstone
Louisburg
Mars Hill
Meredith
Methodist
Mid-Atlantic Christian
Montreat
Mount Olive
North Carolina Wesleyan
Pfeiffer
Piedmont International
Queens
St. Andrews
St. Augustine's
Salem
Shaw
Southeastern Baptist
Southeastern Free Will Baptist
Warren Wilson
Wake Forest
William Peace
Wingate












v
t
e


Big South Conference



Full members



Campbell Fighting Camels and Lady Camels (football joining in 2018)
Charleston Southern Buccaneers
Gardner–Webb Runnin' Bulldogs
Longwood Lancers
Presbyterian Blue Hose





Non-football members



High Point Panthers
Liberty Flames and Lady Flames (Football ineligible in final FCS season in 2017 as program transitions to FBS)
Radford Highlanders
UNC Asheville Bulldogs
Winthrop Eagles





ASUN football alliance



Kennesaw State Owls
North Alabama Lions (joining in 2019)





Football-only members



Monmouth Hawks












v
t
e


International Association of Methodist-related Schools, Colleges, and Universities






Adrian
Alaska Pacific
Albion
Albright
Allegheny
American
Andrew
Baker
Baldwin Wallace
Bennett
Bethune-Cookman
Birmingham-Southern
Boston University
Brevard
Centenary (Louisiana)
Centenary University
Central Methodist
Claflin
Clark Atlanta
Columbia College (South Carolina)
Cornell College
Dakota Wesleyan
Denver
DePauw
Dickinson College
Dillard
Drew
Duke
Emory
Emory & Henry
Evansville
Ferrum
Florida Southern
Green Mountain
Greensboro
Hamline
Hendrix
High Point
Hiwassee
Huntingdon
Huston-Tillotson
Illinois Wesleyan
Indianapolis
Iowa Wesleyan
Kansas Wesleyan
Kendall
Kentucky Wesleyan
LaGrange
Lambuth
Lebanon Valley
Lindsey Wilson
Lon Morris
Louisburg
Lycoming
MacMurray
Martin Methodist
McKendree
McMurry
Meharry Medical
Methodist
Millsaps
Morningside
Mount Union
Nebraska Methodist
Nebraska Wesleyan
North Carolina Wesleyan
North Central
Northwestern University
Ohio Northern
Ohio Wesleyan
Oklahoma City
Otterbein
Oxford of Emory
Pacific
Paine
Pfeiffer
Puget Sound
Philander Smith
Randolph
Randolph-Macon
Reinhardt
Rocky Mountain
Rust
Shenandoah
Simpson College
Southern Methodist
Southwestern College (Kansas)
Southwestern University
Spartanburg Methodist
Syracuse
Tennessee Wesleyan
Texas Wesleyan
Union (Kentucky)
Virginia Wesleyan
Wesley College (Delaware)
Wesleyan College
West Virginia Wesleyan
Wiley
Willamette
Wofford
Young Harris










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=High_Point_University&oldid=791106320"					
Categories: High Point UniversityEducational institutions established in 1924High Point, North CarolinaLiberal arts colleges in North CarolinaUniversities and colleges accredited by the Southern Association of Colleges and SchoolsUniversities and colleges in Guilford County, North CarolinaUniversities and colleges in North Carolina1924 establishments in North CarolinaHidden categories: CS1 errors: datesAll articles with dead external linksArticles with dead external links from May 2017Pages with citations lacking titlesPages with citations having bare URLsUse mdy dates from September 2015Coordinates on WikidataInstances of Infobox university using image size 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


Español 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 18 July 2017, at 05:10.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









High Point University - Wikipedia






















 






High Point University

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search


High Point University





Former names

High Point College (1924–1991)


Motto
Nil Sine Numine (Latin)



Motto in English

Nothing Without Divine Guidance


Type
Private


Established
1924


Endowment
$42 million[1]


President
Nido Qubein



Academic staff

879[2]


Students
4,800


Undergraduates
4,500


Postgraduates
319[3]


Location
High Point, North Carolina, U.S.
35°58′27″N 79°59′44″W﻿ / ﻿35.9741251°N 79.9954946°W﻿ / 35.9741251; -79.9954946Coordinates: 35°58′27″N 79°59′44″W﻿ / ﻿35.9741251°N 79.9954946°W﻿ / 35.9741251; -79.9954946


Campus
Suburban
380 acres


Colors
Purple and white
         


Athletics
NCAA Division I – Big South


Nickname
Panthers


Affiliations
IAMSCU
NAICU


Sports
16 varsity sports


Mascot
Prowler the Panther


Website
www.highpoint.edu





High Point University is a private liberal arts university in High Point, North Carolina, U.S., affiliated with the United Methodist Church. Founded as High Point College in 1924, it became High Point University in October 1991. HPU offers 47 undergraduate majors, 51 undergraduate minors and 12 graduate-degree majors. High Point University was ranked No. 1 among all regional colleges in the south[4] and No. 1 for the most innovative regional colleges in the south[5] in the "America's Best Colleges" 2016 Edition, published by U.S News & World Report.



Contents


1 History
2 Location
3 Academics

3.1 Schools

3.1.1 David R. Hayworth College of Arts and Sciences
3.1.2 Stout School of Education
3.1.3 Earl N. Phillips School of Business
3.1.4 School of Art and Design
3.1.5 Congdon School of Health Sciences

3.1.5.1 Fred Wilson School of Pharmacy


3.1.6 Nido R. Qubein School of Communication
3.1.7 Norcross Graduate School


3.2 Academic programs

3.2.1 Bonner Leader Program
3.2.2 HPU Poll/Survey Research Center
3.2.3 Human Biomechanics and Physiology Lab
3.2.4 Media Fellows Program
3.2.5 Pre-professional Programs
3.2.6 Physician Assistant Program




4 Admissions
5 Student life

5.1 Career and professional development
5.2 Community Enrichment Series/Access to Innovators
5.3 Greek life


6 Honor societies
7 Special guest speakers

7.1 National Advisory Board


8 Notable alumni
9 Community involvement
10 Athletics
11 Publications and media
12 Sechrest Gallery
13 Controversy
14 References
15 External links



History[edit]




Roberts Hall at High Point University






Atlas sculpture at High Point University. Artist, Jon Hair






Cottrell Hall at High Point University


In the mid-19th century, the Methodist Protestant Church, which is now part of the United Methodist Church, became active in educational pursuits in North Carolina. In 1921, after some years of consideration, the statewide governing body of the Methodist Protestant Church voted to establish a college.[6] Shortly afterwards the church accepted an offer from the citizens of High Point to contribute 60 acres (240,000 m2) of land and $100,000 to the project, placing the new school in the city of High Point.[7] The campus was designed by R. E. Mitchell of Washington, D.C., assisted by Herbert Hunter of High Point, in the English Renaissance style. The school was founded in 1924 as High Point College, a joint venture between the Methodist Protestant Church and the citizens of High Point, and officially opened its doors on September 14, 1924. When the college opened, the campus consisted of three buildings, attended by nine faculty members, with a student enrollment of 122.


High Point University presidents














The steadfast growth that characterized the birth of the College ended abruptly with the Great Depression. This period was difficult for the College in 1932–33, as faculty salaries were cut and expenses were sometimes bartered. Despite a $50,000 fund raising campaign, the College declared bankruptcy on June 15, 1934 and reorganization in an effort to reduce its indebtedness.[8] Subsequent reorganization enabled the College to move forward with business and renewed expansion.
On October 9, 1991, under the guidance of President Dr. Jacob C. Martinson, Jr. and the Board of Trustees, High Point College changed its name to High Point University to reflect post-graduate degree programs. Coinciding with the offering of graduate studies, every building on the campus was renovated and new ones were constructed with a campus quadrangle added to replace a former city street that bisected the campus,[9] and by 2004 the University's endowment increased to $40 million. When Jacob C. Martinson, Jr. stepped down as President in 2005, he was the longest serving United Methodist college president in the country.
In 2005, the university was only 92 acres and landlocked with a total undergraduate enrollment of 1,450. The university's operating budget was only $35 million with approximately 100 faculty members.[10] Since Dr. Nido R. Qubein became President of High Point University in 2005 the growth of the university has had significant impact on the city, region and the state of North Carolina. Qubein is the fourth highest paid college president, paid $2.9 million a year, in the United States.[11][12]
The Chronicle of Higher Education Almanac, April 19, 2016 noted Nido R Qubein is the third highest donor university president in the country from 2006-2016. He committed $10 million to High Point University.[13] Donations from alumni, parents and supporters of HPU total about $214 million since 2006. In 2010, the university announced plans to invest about $2.1 billion in overall growth in the next decade. To date, High Point University has spent $1.2 billion on four new schools plus facilities, faculty and student services.[14]
Ashley Furniture Industries Chairman Ron Wanek donated $10 million to High Point University in 2013 after visiting HPU's president Dr. Nido R. Qubein. Wanek's gift to the university is the 10th contribution of $10 million or more that Qubein has received during his tenure.[14]
On September 14, 2014, the university celebrated its 90th anniversary.[15] As part of the commemoration, 90 facts about the university were featured in the News and Record on High Point University's Founders Day.[16] On January 3, 2015, Nido R. Qubein celebrated his 10th anniversary as president of High Point University.
In April 2016, High Point University announced plans to invest $160 million in new building projects [17] including a 5,000-seat arena and conference center, undergraduate science center and residence hall.
Location[edit]
Together, Greensboro, High Point, and Winston-Salem, along with the surrounding suburbs and townships, form the Piedmont Triad region, an area with a population over 1.5 million. Of that number, approximately 108,285 live in High Point. Both Greensboro and Winston-Salem are twenty minutes from campus. East of the University are Raleigh (1½ hours away) and the Atlantic Ocean (3½ hours away); south of the University are Charlotte (1½ hours away) and Atlanta, Georgia (5 hours away); west of the University are the Appalachian Mountains (2 hours away) and north is Washington, D.C. (5 hours away).
Academics[edit]




Main campus at High Point University


In 2015, High Point University had a student-to-faculty ratio of 14:1 and a student retention rate of 76.5%.[18] The average class size is fewer than 20 students and no teacher assistants instruct classes.
In 2015, High Point University was ranked #1 in the annual U.S. News & World Report Regional Colleges South rankings.[19] In the 2016 rankings released HPU ranks #1 Best Regional College in the South for the fourth consecutive year and #1 Most Innovative Regional College in the South.[20]
In the Forbes Magazine listing, "America's Top Colleges," High Point University was ranked 559th nationwide out of 650.[21] In August 2013, Affordable Colleges Online ranked High Point University No. 8 among 35 colleges in North Carolina based on the return on investment versus the cost of tuition and fees.[22]
High Point University offers day and evening undergraduate degree programs (Bachelor of Arts and Bachelor of Science) and evening graduate degree programs (Master of Education in Elementary Education, Master of Education in Educational Leadership, Master of Public Administration in Nonprofit Organization, Master of Business Administration, and Master of Science in Sports Studies). A doctoral degree in Educational Leadership began in the fall of 2012.
Schools[edit]
Schools at High Point include the David R. Hayworth College of Arts and Sciences, the Phillips School of Business, the Plato S. Wilson School of Commerce, the Nido R. Qubein School of Communication, the School of Art and Design, the School of Health Sciences, and the School of Education. A School of Pharmacy is projected to open in 2017.
David R. Hayworth College of Arts and Sciences[edit]
Majors housed in the College of Arts and Sciences include Actuarial Science, Biochemistry, Biology, Chemistry, Computer Science, Criminal Justice, English, French, History, Human Relations, International Relations, Mathematical Economics, Mathematics, Music, Profit Leadership Management, Physics, Philosophy, Physics, Political Science, Psychology, Religion, Sociology and Anthropology, Spanish and Theater. Beginning in the fall of 2010 almost all courses in the College of Arts and Sciences became four credit courses.
In recent years, the sciences at High Point University have made significant updates. Congdon Hall has added new office suites, classrooms and study spaces. The science departments have invested a quarter of a million dollars in new equipment to support scientific research and education on campus, including a $77,186 Institutional Development Grant from the North Carolina Biotechnology Center (NCBC) to purchase additional equipment for the cell culture lab.
The physics department was recently added as a member of the Small and Moderate Aperture Research Telescope System (SMARTS) Consortium, which operates four small telescopes at the Cerro Tololo Inter-American Observatory in Chile. In spring of 2015, High Point University physics students also had their proposal accepted to NASA’s Micro-g Neutral Buoyancy Experiment Design Teams program (Micro-g NExT)[23]
Stout School of Education[edit]
The Stout School of Education opened in August 2012. The building is 31,000-square-foot and includes smart boards, a children's book library, math and science touch screen games, a methods lab designed to look and feel like a real elementary school classroom, a Mac lab, and psychology research booths. Students have the option of majoring in Elementary Education, Health and PE, Middle Grades Education or Special Education. There is also a Master of Education in Educational Leadership and a Doctoral Degree Program in Educational Leadership.
On March 27, 2017 High Point University announced that the School of Education would be renamed to the Stout School of Education in recognition of Robert and Maggie Stout.[24]
Earl N. Phillips School of Business[edit]
The Earl N. Phillips School of Business (PSB) is a vibrant, growing school of business with academic majors including Accounting, Business Administration, Entrepreneurship, International Business, Marketing and Sales. Minors include Accounting, Business Administration, Economics, Entrepreneurship, Finance, Global Commerce, Marketing and Sales. The Philips School of Business hosts the Business Plan Competition and offers students many opportunities for internships, to hear from guest speakers, and experiential learning.
School of Art and Design[edit]
The School of Art and Design includes academic majors in Graphic Design, Interior Design, Studio Art and Visual Merchandising Design. Minors include Art History, Graphic Design, Furnishings and Product Marketing, Photography, Studio Art and Visual Merchandising Design. The Interior Design program is part of the Knabusch-Shoemaker International School of Home Furnishings and Interior Design and has two computer-assisted design (CAD) labs, a library and gallery to ehibit student work. The Interior Design Program is accredited by the Council for Interior Design Accreditation (CIDA).
Congdon School of Health Sciences[edit]
The new HPU School of Health Sciences and School of Pharmacy are currently two of the university's biggest illustrations of ongoing expansion. HPU has invested $80 million into a 170,000-square-foot building to house both programs.[14]
In 2016, High Point University received the largest National Institute of Health grant in university history. The grant will fund research to find ways to prevent ACL tears, which are most likely to occur in young female athletes.
Fred Wilson School of Pharmacy[edit]
High Point University is investing $100 million in a new, state-of-the-art facility built to house the School of Pharmacy and School of Health Science. The 65,000 square foot school is designed with the latest technology, retail pharmacy space, assessment suites, classrooms and teaching & research labs. The development of the School of Pharmacy is a part of High Point University's ten year, $1.2 billion investment in academic programs and facilities. The School of Pharmacy will accept its first professional class in 2016. By design, High Point University will have the smallest pharmacy class size in North Carolina (80) with a low student to faculty ratio (9:1).
Currently the School of Pharmacy is seeking accreditation by the Accreditation Council for Pharmacy Education (ACPE) and the Southern Association of Colleges and Schools Commission on Colleges (SACS-COC).
In 2012 Dr. Ronald Ragan accepted the position of Professor and Founding Dean of the School of Pharmacy at High Point University. He is responsible for the design and development of the new School of Pharmacy, including accreditation of the program and construction of a new Pharmacy Building. Dr. Ragan was recruited from the University of Kansas.[25] In addition to Dr. Ragan, the School of Pharmacy boasts notable faculty members Dr. Peter Gal - Associate Dean for Academic Affairs,[26] Dr. Earle Lingle - Associate Dean for Student and Professional Affairs,[27] Dr. Scott Hemby - Chair of Basic Pharmaceutical Sciences,[28] and Dr. Joy Greene - Assistant Dean for Experiential Education.[29]
High Point University's School of Pharmacy was recently featured in US Airways Magazine[30] and Our State Magazine.[31]
Nido R. Qubein School of Communication[edit]
The Nido Qubein School of Communication features two high definition television production studios, a multi-track audio recording studio, editing suites, computer labs and a high-definition surround sound theatre-screening room.
High Point University currently offers five concentrations including Electronic Media Production (Developing Audio and Video Productions), Game and Interactive Media Design, Journalism (Converged Broadcast, Online, and Print), Media and Popular Culture Studies (History, Criticism, and Analysis), Sport Communication Strategic Communication (Health Communication, Social Media, Advertising, and Public Relations). In the fall of 2015, the school will offer three new communication majors: a Bachelor of Arts in Communication with an emphasis in Sport Communication (Reporting, Broadcast Performance, and Multimedia Production), a Bachelor of Arts in Documentary Media and a Bachelor of Arts in Communication with an emphasis in Sport & Event Management (Marketing and Promotions, Community Relations, Facility and Operations, Compliance, Ticketing, and Development).
Annually, the top sixteen incoming communication majors are granted membership into High Point University's Media Fellows Program. The Media Fellows Program application is available to students who plan to major in Journalism, Electronic Media, Strategic Communication, Games and Interactive Design or Media and Popular Culture Studies.
High Point University also offers a five-year B.A. to M.A. degree in strategic communication with specializations in either health communication or public relations. Students begin graduate courses in their senior year with courses counting toward both their undergraduate and graduate degrees. They then spend one additional year taking graduate courses and earn a master's degree.
Communication majors have landed full-time positions and internships at companies such as National Air and Space Museum, Walt Disney World, Office Depot, Procter & Gamble, Seventeen magazine and many more.
In March 2015, High Point University announced that former Today Show producer Joe Michaels would be joining the Nido Qubein School of Communication as an artist-in-residence. Joe Michaels is a seven-time Emmy Award-winning director and a two-time Directors Guild of America Honoree. Other notable faculty in the School of Communication include Charisse McGhee-Lazarou, former vice president of Primetime Programming at NBC. David Neal, a 34-time Emmy Award-winning producer and Fox’s World Cup Coordinator serves on the Nido Qubein School of Communication advisory board.
In October 2016, High Point University’s event management program in the Nido R. Qubein School of Communication received international recognition as the best event management bachelor's degree and accepted the Haas & Wilkerson Pinnacle Gold Award at the 61st Annual International Festivals & Events Association Convention on Sept. 28 in Tucson, Arizona. The Pinnacle Awards recognize the quality, excellence, creativity and achievements of the festival and event industry, including the top bachelor’s, master’s and doctoral degrees in event management education. [32]
Norcross Graduate School[edit]
Norcross Graduate School at High Point University houses BA to MA/M.Ed programs (for undergraduate students only), Masters programs and Doctorate programs. BA to MA/M.Ed programs include Elementary Education (BA to M.Ed), Strategic Communication (BA to MA) and Special Education (BA to M.Ed). Masters programs include Business Administration (MBA), Education (M.Ed), Education (M.A.T), Physician Assistant Studies (MPAS) and Strategic Communication (MA). The Masters of Athletic Training (MSAT) is to come in 2017. Doctorate programs include Educational Leadership (Ed. D.), Doctor of Pharmacy (PharmD) and Doctor of Physical Therapy (DPT). Norcorss Graduate School also offers an add-on educational license for Educational Administration.
Academic programs[edit]
Bonner Leader Program[edit]
The Bonner Leader Program is a part of a nationwide network of 70+ colleges and universities affiliated with and guided by the Bonner Leader Foundation. The Bonner Leader Program at High Point University began during the 2013-2014 academic year. The program is composed of six juniors and seniors and two service learning faculty. The Bonner Leader Program is a four-year responsibility. Students commit to 5–7 hours of community service each week, culminating in over 200 hours of community service during each academic year.
HPU Poll/Survey Research Center[edit]
The Survey Research Center began at High Point University in March 2010. HPU Poll surveys people in North Carolina and other states about public affairs issues and reports the results as a public service. Since 2010, members of the HPU Poll have asked questions about approval of public officials in North Carolina and current political issues such as the economy, health care, education, and the threat of terrorism. For each High Point University Poll, the Survey Research Center staff posts press releases, summary memos that give details about survey methods and content, and presentations that highlight a selection of survey questions. HPU's Survey Research Center also supports faculty and student collaboration by managing and consulting on student-faculty research projects.
The Survey Research Center is based in the Nido Qubein School of Communication.
Human Biomechanics and Physiology Lab[edit]
The High Point University Human Biomechanics and Physiology Lab opened in November 2012 and contains a 3D motion analysis system for documenting how the body responds during individual movements using sensors, high-speed motion capture cameras, and force plates. Exercise science is now the third largest major on campus with Biology ranking number 5.
Media Fellows Program[edit]
Each year 16 incoming communication majors are granted membership into High Point University’s Media Fellows Program through the Nido R. Qubein School of Communication. Media Fellows live in a living-learning community their freshman year and have options to travel abroad. During their college career, Media Fellows also participate in summer internships at national media companies, participate in seminars related to their major and produce a Capstone project their senior year.
Pre-professional Programs[edit]
Pre-professional studies are also offered, leading to medical, dental, pharmacy, or physician assistant school, engineering, forestry school, law school, theological seminary, or other professional training.
Physician Assistant Program[edit]
In June 2015, High Point University welcomed its first class of students enrolled in the physician assistant program. Only 20 students were selected from a pool of 800 applicants and they will graduate in 2017.[33] The program will begin each summer and will span 27 months over 7 continuous semesters. In 2017, the program will be housed in HPU's new of Health Sciences and School of Pharmacy building. The program then will be able to expand to 35 students.
The course of study is divided into a 15-month didactic phase and a 12-month clinical phase. The Accreditation Review Commission on Education for the Physician Assistant granted Accreditation-Provisional status to the High Point University Physician Assistant Program sponsored by High Point University. Students will spend their first year largely in the classroom. In the second year, students will complete clinical work at High Point Regional Hospital, Novant Health Forsyth Medical Center in Winston-Salem, area Cornerstone Health Care offices and other group and private practices around the area.
High Point is the ninth North Carolina college to offer a physician assistant program. Two others are in the works, including one at UNC-Chapel Hill.[34] HPU's Physician Assistant program features a state of the art simulation lab featuring iStan, a high fidelity mannequin that can communicate, sweat, bleed, and respond to treatments.[35] Aside from the clinical simulation lab, the space also includes three real-life patient examination rooms, a traditional classroom, and a clinical skills lab.[36]
On June 7, 2015, the students participated in the traditional "white coat" ceremony to mark the beginning of their training.[37]
Admissions[edit]
In 2005, traditional undergraduate enrollment was 1,450. In 2013, High Point University welcomed 4,000 students to campus, an increase by 176 percent. Based on data gathered from the incoming class of 2012, approximately 8,200 applications were reviewed. There was a 54% acceptance rate, with 1,333 enrolling. 78% of the freshmen class applied Early Decision or Early Action. For the class of 2017, the mid-range SAT scores for high school seniors applying to the university was 1000 to 1200. The mean SAT range for Critical Reading and Math was 1100 and the mean ACT Composite score for entering freshmen was 24. The average GPA on a 4.0 scale was a 3.3 un-weighted. 80% of the class was made up of students who were from states outside of North Carolina, and the class represented 41 states and 20 countries.
In the class of 2014, there were 54 students who received the titles of either National Merit Scholars, valedictorians, salutatorians or high school student government presidents. 307 students had Advanced Placement Courses from high school, earning over 1272 credit hours in 23 different subjects. Several students earned the distinction of Eagle Scout or Gold Award recipient during high school, and there were 15 languages spoken fluently among the class. The top ten states represented by the class were North Carolina, Maryland, New Jersey, Massachusetts, New York, Pennsylvania, Connecticut, Virginia, Ohio and Florida. The class is 74% Caucasian, 6% African American, 3% Hispanic or Latin American, 1% Asian or Asian-American, and 16% Other.[38]
Student life[edit]
High Point University is a residential campus by design, with 19 residence halls in total. In 2015 Business Insider ranked High Point University #4 in the nation for best residence halls.[39] All High Point University students are required to reside on campus until they have reached senior status, unless they commute from their parent's permanent address.
High Point University has 12 dining locations on campus including 5 restaurants, Chick-fil-A, Subway, 3 convenience stores and 2 Starbucks. In November 2015 High Point University made Business Insider's list of the 20 colleges with the best dining halls.[40]
Career and professional development[edit]
The Office of Career and Professional Development at High Point University helps students explore their career interests, identify their strengths, and develop a plan that will prepare them for life after graduation. As a part of the Four Year Career Plan, HPU Career advisors help students with freshman career planning, establishing a LinkedIn profile, updating resumes, creating an effective cover letter, applying for graduate school and applying for internships and jobs. The Office of Career and Professional Development also offers an externship course aimed at second semester freshmen and sophomores seeking career-based experience and skill development.
Students who have utilized the Office of Career and Professional Development have landed internships at regional, national, and global organizations such as Ashley Furniture, CBS, CNN, Hearst Magazines, Living Social, Michael Kors, Microsoft, NASA, Vineyard Vines, Good Housekeeping, Paramount Studios, Pfizer Pharmaceuticals and more.
Community Enrichment Series/Access to Innovators[edit]
Students are provided with Access to Innovators, which has brought scores of world-renowned thought-leaders and speakers to campus, including Mitch Albom, Steve Forbes, Malcolm Gladwell, Seth Godin, John C. Maxwell, Thomas Friedman, Ken Dychtwald, and CNN Justice Correspondent Pamela Brown (journalist). Guest speakers are selected to provide students and the community the opportunity to understand diverse viewpoints, positions and backgrounds. Recently, Marc Randolph, the co-founder of Netflix.[41] and Biz Stone, the co-founder of Twitter.[42] While Marc was on campus he took part in a question-and-answer session titled “A Discussion with High Point University President Nido Qubein” and spent time in the Belk Entrepreneurship Center to review High Point University students’ business concepts. Biz also took part in a discussion with President Nido Qubein and spent time with communication and entrepreneurship students.
The Cultural Enrichment Series was named the Community Enrichment Series in 2014. Guests to campus in the 2014-2015 year included Dutch artist Theo Jansen, digital art pioneer Barbara Nessim, sports television announcer Bob Rathbun,[43] Navy Seal Rob O'Neill,[44] pianist Marvin Blickenstaff, and artist Mariyah Sultan.[45] These events are open to students, faculty, staff, and the surrounding community.
Most recently, High Point University announced that Steve Wozniak, the co-founder of Apple Inc. computer, has on a new role as High Point University’s Innovator in Residence.[46] Through an ongoing partnership, Wozniak will connect with HPU students and visited campus on March 23, 2016. The partnership with Steve Wozniak stems from High Point University's focus on providing access to innovators for students.[47]
High Point University also offers students the chance to expand their movie repertoire with the Faculty Film Series, which features faculty-selected films to be shown on campus in the Extraordinaire Cinema and Qubein Screening Room. Films included in the series connect with specific courses being taught on campus during the semester.
Greek life[edit]
There are currently 14 Greek organizations on campus governed by the following councils:
Panhellenic Council (NPC) - Alpha Chi Omega, Alpha Gamma Delta, Kappa Delta, Phi Mu, Sigma Sigma Sigma, Zeta Tau Alpha.
National Pan-Hellenic Council (NPHC) - Alpha Kappa Alpha, Delta Sigma Theta, Kappa Alpha Psi, Zeta Phi Beta.
Interfraternity Council (IFC) - Pi Kappa Phi, Beta Theta Pi, Kappa Alpha Order, Kappa Sigma.Sigma Nu, [48]
Many Greek students are University Ambassadors, Resident Assistants, Peer Mentors, Campus Activity Team members, and Presidential Scholars. Students at High Point University cannot become members of a Greek organization on campus until they have completed at least one semester. Recruitment begins in October and November and ends in January. Students must have at least a 2.5 GPA.
Honor societies[edit]
Honor societies at High Point University include the Order of the Lighted Lamp, Alpha Chi (both recognize academic achievement), Alpha Delta Omega (Human Relations), Beta Beta Beta (Biology), Sigma Delta Pi (Spanish), Pi Delta Phi (French), Phi Sigma Iota (Foreign Language), Lambda Pi Eta (Communications), Alpha Sigma Lambda (Adult Learners), Pi Sigma Alpha (Political Science), Kappa Delta Pi (Education), Delta Mu Delta (Business), Psi Chi (Psychology), Alpha Phi Sigma (Criminal Justice), Sigma Tau Delta (International English Honors Society), and Alpha Lambda Delta.
In April 2015, 254 students were inducted into High Point University's newest honor society, Alpha Lambda Delta. The mission of Alpha Lambda Delta is to encourage superior academic achievement, to promote intelligent living and a high standard of learning, and to assist students in recognizing and developing meaningful goals in society.
Special guest speakers[edit]
In recent years, the school has brought high-profile speakers to campus for commencement, including former President George W. Bush, former President Bill Clinton, former New York mayor Rudolph Giuliani, televangelist pioneer the Rev. Robert Schuller, Queen Noor of Jordan, U.S. Supreme Court Justice Clarence Thomas, astronaut and children's book author Buzz Aldrin, Coca-Cola Company Chairman and CEO Muhtar Kent, the former U.S. First Lady Laura Bush, and Steve Wozniak, the co-founder of Apple.
Colin L. Powell was selected as the 2014 Commencement speaker. Prior to his appearance on campus, Colin Powell gained the university and city of High Point national publicity. The news network CNN ranked High Point University and Colin Powell’s address as fifth in the country for a segment titled "2014’s Big-Name College Commencement Speakers."[49] The morning of commencement, ABC News streamed the entirety of High Point University's graduation ceremony live on their news website. Additionally, The Huffington Post featured a video of Powell's commencement speech citing key pieces of advice he shared with the High Point University Class of 2014 on May 3.[50]
In August 2014, High Point University announced that the distinguished journalist Tom Brokaw, best known as the anchor and managing editor for NBC Nightly News,[51] would be the 2015 commencement speaker. Before the commencement weekend, he made USA Today's list of 'Most Prominent College Graduation Speakers of 2015'.[52] The Huffington Post highlighted Brokaw's speech[53] which urged High Point University graduates to be a new generation that sees past race, gender and superficial lines that divide.
In May 2016, Condoleezza Rice, 66th Secretary of State, served as the Commencement speaker.[54] High Point University President Nido Qubein believes that "Secretary Rice has served this country in measurable ways through her work in our nation’s capital, in free enterprise, in academia and in efforts to improve education for children. She embodies the American spirit and its core values, which we proudly celebrate on our campus." [55] Condoleezza Rice joined President Nido Qubein in a question-and-answer session on Friday, May 6 and addressed the Class of 2016 at High Point University's Commencement ceremony on Saturday, May 7, 2016.[56]
In August 2016, High Point University announced that journalist and television news anchor Wolf Blitzer of CNN's The Situation Room will serve as the 2017 Commencement Speaker.
Throughout the years, other special guests have included former President Bill Clinton, social and political analyst Armstrong Williams, baseball hall of fame recipient Cal Ripken Jr., author Chris Gardner, Olympic gold medalist Jennifer Azzi, former George W. Bush advisor Karl Rove, Grammy award-winning singer Lee Greenwood, physician Patch Adams, and best-selling author Stedman Graham. Local speakers include North Carolina governor Pat McCrory and Richard Childress, president and CEO of Richard Childress Racing. Speakers have also included Tony award-winning composer Charles Strouse and Steve Harvey.
HPU welcomed Chancellor of UNC Chapel Hill, Carol Folt who was interviewed by president Nido Qubein for UNCTV. HPU also welcomed Stanford University professor, TED speaker and author, Carol Dweck, who was interviewed by president Qubein on her research and book "Mindset" which focuses on the idea of Growth Mindset.
In February 2017, Apple Co-Founder and HPU Innovator in Residence, Steve Wozniak, was welcomed back to campus to speak with students, faculty, staff and members of the community about a variety of topics.[57]
National Advisory Board[edit]
The National Board of Advisors is composed of Fortune 500 CEOs and thought leaders who have impacted the United States of America and the world in significant ways. Most recently, HPU announced they have appointed Anthony Atala[58] of Wake Forest Institute for Regenerative Medicine[59] to their National Board of Advisors.
Other distinguished members include General Colin Powell and Steve Wozniak,[60] Dr. James Moeser, chancellor emeritus at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill; Ron Wanek, founder and chairman of Ashley Furniture; Marty Flanagan, president and CEO of Invesco Ltd.; Kelly King, chairman and CEO of BB&T; Bonnie McElveen-Hunter, CEO & Owner of Pace Communications, Chairwoman of the American Red Cross and former U.S. Ambassador to Finland; Kurt L. Darrow, President and CEO of La-Z-Boy; Rich Handler, CEO and Director of Leucadia and CEO and Chairman of the Board for Jeffries Group; Tim Belk, chairman and CEO of Belk Stores, and David King, CEO of LabCorp.
Notable alumni[edit]

Nido R. Qubein - Seventh president of High Point University, businessman, motivational speaker, author
Cody Allen - Major League Baseball pitcher for the Cleveland Indians. Drafted in the 23rd Round of the 2011 Major League Baseball Draft
Elizabeth Carty - Miss North Carolina Teen USA
Chris Cottrell – Lincoln Memorial University Assistant Men's Basketball Coach
Dick Culler – Major League Baseball player
Julia Dalton - Miss North Carolina USA
Austin Dillon – NASCAR Sprint Cup Series driver, 2011 NASCAR Camping World Truck Series Champion, 2013 NASCAR Nationwide Series Champion
Lauch Faircloth – Former United States Senator (R-NC)
Donna Fargo – Grammy-winning country music singer/songwriter
Issa Konare – PBL Basketball player for the Vermont Frost Heaves and plays for Senegal's national team
Gene Littles – Former ABA basketball player and NBA coach
Jack Lucas – Youngest Marine to receive the Congressional Medal of Honor
Donald Marriott - N.C. State Tennis Champion 2003
Robert "50" Martin – professional basketball player Atlanta Vision; former And1 streetballer
Robert R. Merhige, Jr. - A federal judge for the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Virginia who is known for his ruling on desegregation in the 1970s.
Taylor Milne – Canadian Olympian in the 1500 metres
Arizona Reid – Professional basketball player for the San Miguel Beerman
Jaime Schultz - baseball player[61]
Tubby Smith – NCAA coach and assistant coach of the 2000 U.S. Men's Basketball Team
John Taylor - star of the Emmy Award-nominated weight loss series Too Fat for 15: Fighting Back, and New Jersey's State Teacher of the Year for 2016[62]

Community involvement[edit]
In 2011, students in the High Point University School of Education partnered with The Montlieu Academy of Technology in High Point to allow students the opportunity to use iPads in the classroom. The iPads given to the school were funded by High Point University, Businesses for Excellence in Education, the William B. Millis Fund of the High Point Community Foundation and the Joseph M. Bryan Foundation.
In 2014, an article in The High Point Enterprise stated that the iPads donated to Montlieu Academy had positive results.[63]
In 2015 High Point University President Nido Qubein announced that HPU would make the lead gift of $100,000 for a local YMCA Splash Park. The Splash Park will give children in the High Point community a place to stay cool and healthy over the summer. In 2016, the Charl Chavis YMCA in High Point hosted the grand opening of the Splash Park where HPU dedicated the park in honor of Carlvena Foster, executive director of the YMCA and a High Point University alumna.[64]
High Point University and High Point Regional Hospital announced in February 2016 that they have "partnered the creation of the Community Rehabilitation Clinic- a clinic to treat the insured and the uninsured populations with a variety of physical therapy and rehabilitation needs."
In the summer of 2016, HPU graduate Brandon Holder spoke as part of TedxGreensboro about finding his passion and developing a solar-powered water purification system to help bring water to developing nations. His organization is called "Water the World: Live Locally. Give Globally."
In late September 2016, The HPU Department of Physics hosted their third annual "HPUniverse Day" which invites local children and their families to campus for activities focused on science, astronomy, space exploration and more. In 2016, nearly 1,000 people attended the event/ Giving children the opportunity to enjoy science but also consider it as a field of work someday is part of the event's goal, according to lead organizer Dr. Brad Barlow, assistant professor of astrophysics. [65]
For the sixth consecutive year, High Point University hosted its annual Community Christmas Celebration, welcoming more than 20,000 community members and their families. Visitors experience music, entertainment, falling snow, meeting Santa, arts and crafts, a petting zoo, train rides, food and drinks, thousands of lights and beautiful holiday decorations. This event is free of charge to the community.[66]
Athletics[edit]
Main article: High Point Panthers
The High Point Panthers include HPU's 16 athletic teams that compete at the NCAA Division I level, mostly in the Big South Conference. HPU's 16 varsity sports are baseball, men's and women's basketball, men's and women's cross country, men's and women's golf, men's and women's lacrosse, men's and women's soccer, men's and women's indoor track & field, men's and women's outdoor track & field and women's volleyball. In recent years, HPU has won nine Big South Conference Championships, produced 10 Conference Players of the Year; and more than 130 HPU athletes have received Big South All-Academic Honors.
The 2010–11 season was the most successful since High Point University joined NCAA Division I in 1999–2000. In the fall, the women's soccer team and women's volleyball team won Big South Tournaments and the men's soccer team won the Big South regular season.[67] In the spring, the women's lacrosse team won the National Lacrosse Conference tournament and set a record for wins by a first-year program, with 15.[68]
The 2010-2011 women's lacrosse team success led to other accomplishments in 2013. The assistant women's lacrosse coach Lauren Norris was selected to coach the 2013 Israel National Lacrosse Team in the 2013 FIL Women's World Cup.
In the fourth round of the 2013 Major League Soccer (MLS) Supplemental Draft, the Columbus Crew picked High Point University senior midfielder Shawn Sloan.
High Point University also fields the following sports at the club level: men's and women's basketball, men's and women's golf, men's and women's lacrosse, men's and women's rowing, running, men's and women's soccer, men's and women's swimming, men's and women's tennis, women's field hockey, softball, ultimate frisbee, equestrian and ice hockey.[69]
In the fall of 2013, the High Point University field hockey team qualified for the national tournament in Virginia Beach with a 6-2-0 season. The club equestrian team is a member of the Intercollegiate Horse Show Association (IHSA).
Donations to High Point University's Athletic Department have exceeded $30 million. The primary athletics facilities at High Point University are the Millis Center (basketball, volleyball), Williard Stadium (baseball) and the Witcher Athletic Center at Vert Stadium (track, soccer, lacrosse).[70]
In May 2009, former University of North Carolina captain Scott Cherry was named head coach of men's basketball.
High Point University broke ground on a 31,500 square-foot facility in 2013. The facility will house a 120-seat academic center as well as athletic training rooms. The newest building on campus will also include new locker rooms and lounges for men's and women's lacrosse and soccer teams, as well as offices for coaches and support staff members.
In May 2014, High Point University announced the appointment of Dan Hauser as the new Athletic Director, effective July 1, 2014. Hauser has spent the last eight years as Senior Associate Athletic Director at Ohio University. He previously served as Director of Marketing at Wake Forest University.
In July 2016, The Big South announced the 2015-2016 Presidential Honor Roll, where High Point University Athletics had the highest percentage of 3.0 GPAs.[71]
At the beginning of 2017, High Point University announced plans for a new basketball arena and conference center to be built on campus. The facility will be named for High Point University president, Dr. Nido R. Qubein and his wife, Mariana Qubein. Construction is to begin in 2018 and it is projected to open in 2020.[72]
It was also announced in early 2017 that the basketball court in the new arena will be named for University of Memphis Head Coach and High Point University alumni, Tubby Smith. Orlando, "Tubby" Smith and his wife, Donna Smith, generously donated $1 million to the construction of the new facility.[73]
Publications and media[edit]

High Point University Magazine, for alumni
The Apogee, the literary magazine
Black Script
Campus Chronicle, rated one of the Top 20 campus newspapers in the United States by the American Scholastic Press Association
HPU Radio, student produced and broadcast via Hpuradio.com
Zenith, yearbook
"HPU Sports Link", Broadcasts HPU athletics live online

In May 2013, HPU graduates Collin Smith and Ernest Greene were featured on ABC World News Tonight with Diane Sawyer, Good Morning America, and Fox & Friends Christmas Special. Smith was a three-sport athlete in high school before a car accident left him paralyzed from the chest down. Greene was a member of Smith's church when the accident occurred and volunteered his time throughout Smith's college career to help him get ready for school and take notes during his classes. Smith graduated in 2013 and Greene received an honorary degree during the Commencement Ceremony.
In Fall 2013, High Point University President Nido R. Qubein made a live appearance on CNBC's Squawk Box to discuss the American Dream and the importance of a holistic education.
Sechrest Gallery[edit]
A permanent collection of original works donated to the University by High Point Alumnus Darrell L. Sechrest. Among others, the permanent collection includes works by Christian Dietrich, Sir Lawrence Alma-Tadema, Sir Joshua Reynolds, Allesandro Gherardini, El Greco, George Harvey, Emile Louis Picault, Elsie Popkin, and Antonio Zucchi and Angelica Kauffman. The gallery is housed within the Hayworth Fine Arts Center.[74]
Controversy[edit]
Since taking office in 2005, President Nido Qubein has been adding campus buildings and creating student amenities such as concierge services, an on-campus steak house, free carwashes, and an icecream truck.[75] In early 2012 Businessweek reported that about $700 million in new building and campus upgrades was financed by heavy borrowing and Moody's Investors Service downgraded the school’s bonds to junk status in 2009 due to the school's position as one of the most heavily leveraged colleges in the country.[75] The U.S. Department of Education's "financial responsibility" score for the 2012 and 2013 fiscal year has High Point University scoring the highest possible score of 3, putting the university ahead of Elon University, Duke University, and Davidson College.[76] Businessweek responded by inviting the school to make financial documents available to support any challenges to the article's accuracy, but none were offered in response.[75] In addition to questioning debt levels, Businessweek challenged whether the school's relationships with its lenders and vendors were at an appropriate arm's length, citing in particular that the school spends large marketing dollars with a public relations firm headed by the president's daughter. The college's claims to a growing reputation in higher education were challenged as being based more on high-end student amenities and marketing strategy than on solid academics.[75]
References[edit]


^ As of June 30, 2011. "U.S. and Canadian Institutions Listed by Fiscal Year 2011 Endowment Market Value and Percentage Change in Endowment Market Value from FY 2010 to FY 2011" (PDF). 2011 NACUBO-Commonfund Study of Endowments. National Association of College and University Business Officers. Retrieved June 16, 2011. 
^ [1], High Point University
^ "High Point University". Retrieved August 15, 2015. 
^ "Regional College South Rankings | Top Regional Colleges South | US News Best Colleges". colleges.usnews.rankingsandreviews.com. Retrieved 2016-05-27. 
^ "Most Innovative Schools | Regional Colleges South | US News Best Colleges". colleges.usnews.rankingsandreviews.com. Retrieved 2016-05-27. 
^ Sizemore, F. J., ed. The Buildings and the Builders of a City: High Point, North Carolina. High Point: Hall Printing Company, 1947. p. 318-319
^ Robinson, Blackwell P., and Alexander R. Stoesen. The History of Guilford County, North Carolina, U.S.A. to 1980, A.D. Greensboro: The Guilford County Bicentennial Commission, 1980. p. 233
^ Robinson, Blackwell P., and Alexander R. Stoesen. "The History of Guilford County, North Carolina, U.S.A. To 1980, A.D." Greensboro: The Guilford County Bicentennial Commission, 1980. p. 235
^ https://web.archive.org/web/20040928204703/http://www.high-point.net/edc/2002annrpt.pdf%7C High Point Economic Development Corporation Website
^ "Rhino Times - June 19, 2014". Archived from the original on November 29, 2014. Retrieved August 15, 2015. 
^ StartClass, Nido Qubien -- High Point University #4, Retrieved December 14, 2015, "...Total Compensation: $2,909,148.."
^ Jean Stancill, December 8, 2015, News & Observer, The president of High Point University ranked as the third highest-paid university president in the country, according to a Chronicle of Higher Education report on 2013 data, Retrieved December 14, 2015, "....."
^ Kambhampati, Sandhya. "32 Leaders of Private Colleges Earned More Than $1 Million in 2013". The Chronicle of Higher Education. The Chronicle of Higher Education. Retrieved December 6, 2015. 
^ a b c "Can High Point University fly higher?". Triad Business Journal. May 23, 2014. Retrieved August 15, 2015. 
^ "Page Not Found - HP® Official Site". Archived from the original on December 18, 2014. Retrieved August 15, 2015. 
^ john.newsom@news-record.com, John Newsom. "HPU delves into past for 90th birthday". Retrieved February 26, 2017. 
^ "High Point University unveils plan to 'lead the way' with $160M in new building projects - Greensboro - Triad Business Journal". Triad Business Journal. Retrieved 2016-05-27. 
^ http://colleges.usnews.rankingsandreviews.com/best-colleges/high-point-university-2933
^ http://colleges.usnews.rankingsandreviews.com/best-colleges/rankings/regional-colleges-south
^ http://colleges.usnews.rankingsandreviews.com/best-colleges/high-point-university-198695/overall-rankings
^ "America's Top Colleges". Forbes. Retrieved August 15, 2015. 
^ "Online Colleges in North Carolina - AffordableCollegesOnline.org". Retrieved August 15, 2015. 
^ "NASA invites High Point University students to test device". Greensboro News & Record. Retrieved August 15, 2015. 
^ "Couple donates $5 million to HPU". The High Point Enterprise. Retrieved 3.27.17.  Check date values in: |access-date= (help)
^ "School of Pharmacy associate dean leaving KU for top spot with new program". Retrieved August 15, 2015. 
^ High Point University. "HPU Welcomes Gal as Associate Dean for Academic Affairs for the School of Pharmacy". High Point University. Retrieved August 15, 2015. 
^ High Point University. "School of Pharmacy Welcomes Lingle as Associate Dean". High Point University. Retrieved August 15, 2015. 
^ High Point University. "Hemby Joins School of Pharmacy". High Point University. Retrieved August 15, 2015. 
^ High Point University. "Greene Joins School of Pharmacy". High Point University. Retrieved August 15, 2015. 
^ High Point University. "ISSUU - High Point University Feature in US Airways Magazine by High Point University". Issuu. Retrieved August 15, 2015. 
^ High Point University. "ISSUU - Our State Magazine HPU Feature October 2013 by High Point University". Issuu. Retrieved August 15, 2015. 
^ "Past Pinnacle Winners". Retrieved February 26, 2017. 
^ "High Point University welcomes first students in physician assistant program - Greensboro - Triad Business Journal". Triad Business Journal. June 5, 2015. Retrieved August 15, 2015. 
^ "High Point University starts physician assistant program". Winston-Salem Journal. Retrieved August 15, 2015. 
^ HPU's PA Program Opens State of the Art Simulation Lab. YouTube. May 14, 2014. Retrieved August 15, 2015. 
^ "Meet Stan. He cries, sweats, talks and pees. And he's a mannequin". Retrieved August 15, 2015. 
^ University, High Point (2015-06-07). "HPU Hosts Inaugural White Coat Ceremony and Welcomes First Class of PA Students - High Point University". High Point University. Retrieved 2016-05-15. 
^ High Point University. "Freshmen Class Profile". High Point University - Undergraduate Admissions. Retrieved August 15, 2015. 
^ "The 30 colleges with the best dorms". Retrieved February 26, 2017. 
^ "The 20 colleges with the best dining halls". Retrieved February 26, 2017. 
^ REPORT, ENTERPRISE STAFF. "Netflix co-founder to visit HPU". Retrieved February 26, 2017. 
^ "Twitter (NYSE: TWTR) co-founder Biz Stone to speak at High Point University - Greensboro - Triad Business Journal". Triad Business Journal. Retrieved 2016-05-27. 
^ "Sportscaster Bob Rathbun Shares Industry Expertise at HPU". Retrieved August 15, 2015. 
^ "Page Not Found - HP® Official Site". Archived from the original on February 24, 2015. Retrieved August 15, 2015. 
^ David Ford. "Sechrest Gallery Presents "Elemental Emulsions: Mariyah Sultan Paintings"". Retrieved August 15, 2015. 
^ University, High Point. "Apple Co-Founder Steve Wozniak Becomes HPU's Innovator in Residence". GlobeNewswire News Room. Retrieved 2016-05-27. 
^ "Steve Wozniak named Innovator in Residence at High Point University". Retrieved February 26, 2017. 
^ High Point University. "Greek Life". Greek Life. Retrieved August 15, 2015. 
^ Jamie Gumbrecht, CNN (April 25, 2014). "College commencement speakers for 2014 announced - CNN.com". CNN. Retrieved August 15, 2015. 
^ "Congress Needs To Stop And Listen To Colin Powell's Commencement Speech (VIDEO)". The Huffington Post. Retrieved August 15, 2015. 
^ [2][dead link]
^ "Most prominent college commencement speakers of 2015 - USA TODAY College". USA TODAY College. Retrieved August 15, 2015. 
^ "Tom Brokaw: We Can't Fulfill America's Promise If We Are Blinded By Color". The Huffington Post. Retrieved August 15, 2015. 
^ REPORTS, STAFF. "Condoleezza Rice to speak at HPU graduation". Retrieved February 26, 2017. 
^ Journal, Jordan Howse/Winston-Salem. "Condoleezza Rice to speak at HPU graduation". Retrieved February 26, 2017. 
^ Hill, Jarred. "Condoleezza Rice speaks at HPU graduation". WXII12. Retrieved 2016-05-27. 
^ Yahoo Finance. Yahoo Finance http://finance.yahoo.com/news/apple-co-founder-steve-wozniak-172956871.html. Retrieved 3/10/17.  Check date values in: |access-date= (help); Missing or empty |title= (help)
^ Anthony Atala. "Anthony Atala: Growing new organs - TED Talk - TED.com". Retrieved August 15, 2015. 
^ High Point University. "National Board of Advisors Adds Dr. Anthony Atala". High Point University. Retrieved August 15, 2015. 
^ Reports, Staff. "Colin Powell, Steve Wozniak join new High Point University board". Retrieved February 26, 2017. 
^ "Schultz selects D-1 baseball". troyrecord.com. Retrieved April 10, 2015. 
^ "Jersey City educator named N.J. charter school teacher of the year". www.nj.com. Retrieved 2016-07-23. 
^ "Page Not Found - HP® Official Site". Archived from the original on September 18, 2014. Retrieved August 15, 2015. 
^ University, High Point (2016-05-12). "Carl Chavis YMCA Opens Splash Park for Children in High Point - High Point University". High Point University. Retrieved 2016-05-27. 
^ University, High Point. "Science Comes to Life at HPUniverse Day for Local Children - High Point University - - High Point University - High Point, NC". Retrieved February 26, 2017. 
^ O'Connell, Elaina (December 14, 2016). "High Point University Hosts Annual Community Christmas". TWC News. TWC News. Retrieved February 7, 2017. 
^ High Point University Panthers - High Point leads Sasser Cup standings after fall. Highpointpanthers.com (2010-12-01). Retrieved on 2013-08-09.
^ High Point University Panthers - HPU women's lacrosse finishes season with loss to No. 2 UNC. Highpointpanthers.com (2011-05-06). Retrieved on 2013-08-09.
^ High Point University Panthers - Club Sports at HPU. Highpointpanthers.com. Retrieved on 2013-08-09.
^ "High Point University Panthers - HPU dedicates Witcher Athletic Center". High Point University. Retrieved August 15, 2015. 
^ "Big South Announces 2015-16 Presidential Honor Roll". Retrieved February 26, 2017. 
^ Newsom, John (January 30, 2017). "High Point University details plans for basketball arena, conference center". Winston-Salem Journal. Retrieved February 7, 2017. 
^ Staff, Web (February 7, 2017). "High Point University to name new basketball court after Tubby Smith". Fox 8. Fox 8. Retrieved February 7, 2017. 
^ "High Point University" (PDF). Retrieved August 15, 2015. 
^ a b c d "BubbleU: High Point University", Bloomberg Businessweek, April 19, 2012
^ "Financial Responsibility Composite Scores". Retrieved August 15, 2015. 



Loy, Gary, High Point University 90th Anniversary Photo Book. Lulu Press, 2014.
McCaslin, Dr. Richard B., Remembered Be Thy Blessings: High Point University: The College Years, 1924–1991. High Point University, 1995.

External links[edit]

Official website







v
t
e


Private colleges and universities in North Carolina






Barber-Scotia
Barton
Belmont Abbey
Bennett
Brevard
Campbell
Catawba
Charlotte Christian
Chowan
Davidson
Duke
Elon
Gardner–Webb
Greensboro
Guilford
High Point
Johnson C. Smith
John Wesley
Lees–McRae
Lenoir–Rhyne
Livingstone
Louisburg
Mars Hill
Meredith
Methodist
Mid-Atlantic Christian
Montreat
Mount Olive
North Carolina Wesleyan
Pfeiffer
Piedmont International
Queens
St. Andrews
St. Augustine's
Salem
Shaw
Southeastern Baptist
Southeastern Free Will Baptist
Warren Wilson
Wake Forest
William Peace
Wingate












v
t
e


Big South Conference



Full members



Campbell Fighting Camels and Lady Camels (football joining in 2018)
Charleston Southern Buccaneers
Gardner–Webb Runnin' Bulldogs
Longwood Lancers
Presbyterian Blue Hose





Non-football members



High Point Panthers
Liberty Flames and Lady Flames (Football ineligible in final FCS season in 2017 as program transitions to FBS)
Radford Highlanders
UNC Asheville Bulldogs
Winthrop Eagles





ASUN football alliance



Kennesaw State Owls
North Alabama Lions (joining in 2019)





Football-only members



Monmouth Hawks












v
t
e


International Association of Methodist-related Schools, Colleges, and Universities






Adrian
Alaska Pacific
Albion
Albright
Allegheny
American
Andrew
Baker
Baldwin Wallace
Bennett
Bethune-Cookman
Birmingham-Southern
Boston University
Brevard
Centenary (Louisiana)
Centenary University
Central Methodist
Claflin
Clark Atlanta
Columbia College (South Carolina)
Cornell College
Dakota Wesleyan
Denver
DePauw
Dickinson College
Dillard
Drew
Duke
Emory
Emory & Henry
Evansville
Ferrum
Florida Southern
Green Mountain
Greensboro
Hamline
Hendrix
High Point
Hiwassee
Huntingdon
Huston-Tillotson
Illinois Wesleyan
Indianapolis
Iowa Wesleyan
Kansas Wesleyan
Kendall
Kentucky Wesleyan
LaGrange
Lambuth
Lebanon Valley
Lindsey Wilson
Lon Morris
Louisburg
Lycoming
MacMurray
Martin Methodist
McKendree
McMurry
Meharry Medical
Methodist
Millsaps
Morningside
Mount Union
Nebraska Methodist
Nebraska Wesleyan
North Carolina Wesleyan
North Central
Northwestern University
Ohio Northern
Ohio Wesleyan
Oklahoma City
Otterbein
Oxford of Emory
Pacific
Paine
Pfeiffer
Puget Sound
Philander Smith
Randolph
Randolph-Macon
Reinhardt
Rocky Mountain
Rust
Shenandoah
Simpson College
Southern Methodist
Southwestern College (Kansas)
Southwestern University
Spartanburg Methodist
Syracuse
Tennessee Wesleyan
Texas Wesleyan
Union (Kentucky)
Virginia Wesleyan
Wesley College (Delaware)
Wesleyan College
West Virginia Wesleyan
Wiley
Willamette
Wofford
Young Harris










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=High_Point_University&oldid=791106320"					
Categories: High Point UniversityEducational institutions established in 1924High Point, North CarolinaLiberal arts colleges in North CarolinaUniversities and colleges accredited by the Southern Association of Colleges and SchoolsUniversities and colleges in Guilford County, North CarolinaUniversities and colleges in North Carolina1924 establishments in North CarolinaHidden categories: CS1 errors: datesAll articles with dead external linksArticles with dead external links from May 2017Pages with citations lacking titlesPages with citations having bare URLsUse mdy dates from September 2015Coordinates on WikidataInstances of Infobox university using image size 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


Español 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 18 July 2017, at 05:10.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









High Point University - Wikipedia






















 






High Point University

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search


High Point University





Former names

High Point College (1924–1991)


Motto
Nil Sine Numine (Latin)



Motto in English

Nothing Without Divine Guidance


Type
Private


Established
1924


Endowment
$42 million[1]


President
Nido Qubein



Academic staff

879[2]


Students
4,800


Undergraduates
4,500


Postgraduates
319[3]


Location
High Point, North Carolina, U.S.
35°58′27″N 79°59′44″W﻿ / ﻿35.9741251°N 79.9954946°W﻿ / 35.9741251; -79.9954946Coordinates: 35°58′27″N 79°59′44″W﻿ / ﻿35.9741251°N 79.9954946°W﻿ / 35.9741251; -79.9954946


Campus
Suburban
380 acres


Colors
Purple and white
         


Athletics
NCAA Division I – Big South


Nickname
Panthers


Affiliations
IAMSCU
NAICU


Sports
16 varsity sports


Mascot
Prowler the Panther


Website
www.highpoint.edu





High Point University is a private liberal arts university in High Point, North Carolina, U.S., affiliated with the United Methodist Church. Founded as High Point College in 1924, it became High Point University in October 1991. HPU offers 47 undergraduate majors, 51 undergraduate minors and 12 graduate-degree majors. High Point University was ranked No. 1 among all regional colleges in the south[4] and No. 1 for the most innovative regional colleges in the south[5] in the "America's Best Colleges" 2016 Edition, published by U.S News & World Report.



Contents


1 History
2 Location
3 Academics

3.1 Schools

3.1.1 David R. Hayworth College of Arts and Sciences
3.1.2 Stout School of Education
3.1.3 Earl N. Phillips School of Business
3.1.4 School of Art and Design
3.1.5 Congdon School of Health Sciences

3.1.5.1 Fred Wilson School of Pharmacy


3.1.6 Nido R. Qubein School of Communication
3.1.7 Norcross Graduate School


3.2 Academic programs

3.2.1 Bonner Leader Program
3.2.2 HPU Poll/Survey Research Center
3.2.3 Human Biomechanics and Physiology Lab
3.2.4 Media Fellows Program
3.2.5 Pre-professional Programs
3.2.6 Physician Assistant Program




4 Admissions
5 Student life

5.1 Career and professional development
5.2 Community Enrichment Series/Access to Innovators
5.3 Greek life


6 Honor societies
7 Special guest speakers

7.1 National Advisory Board


8 Notable alumni
9 Community involvement
10 Athletics
11 Publications and media
12 Sechrest Gallery
13 Controversy
14 References
15 External links



History[edit]




Roberts Hall at High Point University






Atlas sculpture at High Point University. Artist, Jon Hair






Cottrell Hall at High Point University


In the mid-19th century, the Methodist Protestant Church, which is now part of the United Methodist Church, became active in educational pursuits in North Carolina. In 1921, after some years of consideration, the statewide governing body of the Methodist Protestant Church voted to establish a college.[6] Shortly afterwards the church accepted an offer from the citizens of High Point to contribute 60 acres (240,000 m2) of land and $100,000 to the project, placing the new school in the city of High Point.[7] The campus was designed by R. E. Mitchell of Washington, D.C., assisted by Herbert Hunter of High Point, in the English Renaissance style. The school was founded in 1924 as High Point College, a joint venture between the Methodist Protestant Church and the citizens of High Point, and officially opened its doors on September 14, 1924. When the college opened, the campus consisted of three buildings, attended by nine faculty members, with a student enrollment of 122.


High Point University presidents














The steadfast growth that characterized the birth of the College ended abruptly with the Great Depression. This period was difficult for the College in 1932–33, as faculty salaries were cut and expenses were sometimes bartered. Despite a $50,000 fund raising campaign, the College declared bankruptcy on June 15, 1934 and reorganization in an effort to reduce its indebtedness.[8] Subsequent reorganization enabled the College to move forward with business and renewed expansion.
On October 9, 1991, under the guidance of President Dr. Jacob C. Martinson, Jr. and the Board of Trustees, High Point College changed its name to High Point University to reflect post-graduate degree programs. Coinciding with the offering of graduate studies, every building on the campus was renovated and new ones were constructed with a campus quadrangle added to replace a former city street that bisected the campus,[9] and by 2004 the University's endowment increased to $40 million. When Jacob C. Martinson, Jr. stepped down as President in 2005, he was the longest serving United Methodist college president in the country.
In 2005, the university was only 92 acres and landlocked with a total undergraduate enrollment of 1,450. The university's operating budget was only $35 million with approximately 100 faculty members.[10] Since Dr. Nido R. Qubein became President of High Point University in 2005 the growth of the university has had significant impact on the city, region and the state of North Carolina. Qubein is the fourth highest paid college president, paid $2.9 million a year, in the United States.[11][12]
The Chronicle of Higher Education Almanac, April 19, 2016 noted Nido R Qubein is the third highest donor university president in the country from 2006-2016. He committed $10 million to High Point University.[13] Donations from alumni, parents and supporters of HPU total about $214 million since 2006. In 2010, the university announced plans to invest about $2.1 billion in overall growth in the next decade. To date, High Point University has spent $1.2 billion on four new schools plus facilities, faculty and student services.[14]
Ashley Furniture Industries Chairman Ron Wanek donated $10 million to High Point University in 2013 after visiting HPU's president Dr. Nido R. Qubein. Wanek's gift to the university is the 10th contribution of $10 million or more that Qubein has received during his tenure.[14]
On September 14, 2014, the university celebrated its 90th anniversary.[15] As part of the commemoration, 90 facts about the university were featured in the News and Record on High Point University's Founders Day.[16] On January 3, 2015, Nido R. Qubein celebrated his 10th anniversary as president of High Point University.
In April 2016, High Point University announced plans to invest $160 million in new building projects [17] including a 5,000-seat arena and conference center, undergraduate science center and residence hall.
Location[edit]
Together, Greensboro, High Point, and Winston-Salem, along with the surrounding suburbs and townships, form the Piedmont Triad region, an area with a population over 1.5 million. Of that number, approximately 108,285 live in High Point. Both Greensboro and Winston-Salem are twenty minutes from campus. East of the University are Raleigh (1½ hours away) and the Atlantic Ocean (3½ hours away); south of the University are Charlotte (1½ hours away) and Atlanta, Georgia (5 hours away); west of the University are the Appalachian Mountains (2 hours away) and north is Washington, D.C. (5 hours away).
Academics[edit]




Main campus at High Point University


In 2015, High Point University had a student-to-faculty ratio of 14:1 and a student retention rate of 76.5%.[18] The average class size is fewer than 20 students and no teacher assistants instruct classes.
In 2015, High Point University was ranked #1 in the annual U.S. News & World Report Regional Colleges South rankings.[19] In the 2016 rankings released HPU ranks #1 Best Regional College in the South for the fourth consecutive year and #1 Most Innovative Regional College in the South.[20]
In the Forbes Magazine listing, "America's Top Colleges," High Point University was ranked 559th nationwide out of 650.[21] In August 2013, Affordable Colleges Online ranked High Point University No. 8 among 35 colleges in North Carolina based on the return on investment versus the cost of tuition and fees.[22]
High Point University offers day and evening undergraduate degree programs (Bachelor of Arts and Bachelor of Science) and evening graduate degree programs (Master of Education in Elementary Education, Master of Education in Educational Leadership, Master of Public Administration in Nonprofit Organization, Master of Business Administration, and Master of Science in Sports Studies). A doctoral degree in Educational Leadership began in the fall of 2012.
Schools[edit]
Schools at High Point include the David R. Hayworth College of Arts and Sciences, the Phillips School of Business, the Plato S. Wilson School of Commerce, the Nido R. Qubein School of Communication, the School of Art and Design, the School of Health Sciences, and the School of Education. A School of Pharmacy is projected to open in 2017.
David R. Hayworth College of Arts and Sciences[edit]
Majors housed in the College of Arts and Sciences include Actuarial Science, Biochemistry, Biology, Chemistry, Computer Science, Criminal Justice, English, French, History, Human Relations, International Relations, Mathematical Economics, Mathematics, Music, Profit Leadership Management, Physics, Philosophy, Physics, Political Science, Psychology, Religion, Sociology and Anthropology, Spanish and Theater. Beginning in the fall of 2010 almost all courses in the College of Arts and Sciences became four credit courses.
In recent years, the sciences at High Point University have made significant updates. Congdon Hall has added new office suites, classrooms and study spaces. The science departments have invested a quarter of a million dollars in new equipment to support scientific research and education on campus, including a $77,186 Institutional Development Grant from the North Carolina Biotechnology Center (NCBC) to purchase additional equipment for the cell culture lab.
The physics department was recently added as a member of the Small and Moderate Aperture Research Telescope System (SMARTS) Consortium, which operates four small telescopes at the Cerro Tololo Inter-American Observatory in Chile. In spring of 2015, High Point University physics students also had their proposal accepted to NASA’s Micro-g Neutral Buoyancy Experiment Design Teams program (Micro-g NExT)[23]
Stout School of Education[edit]
The Stout School of Education opened in August 2012. The building is 31,000-square-foot and includes smart boards, a children's book library, math and science touch screen games, a methods lab designed to look and feel like a real elementary school classroom, a Mac lab, and psychology research booths. Students have the option of majoring in Elementary Education, Health and PE, Middle Grades Education or Special Education. There is also a Master of Education in Educational Leadership and a Doctoral Degree Program in Educational Leadership.
On March 27, 2017 High Point University announced that the School of Education would be renamed to the Stout School of Education in recognition of Robert and Maggie Stout.[24]
Earl N. Phillips School of Business[edit]
The Earl N. Phillips School of Business (PSB) is a vibrant, growing school of business with academic majors including Accounting, Business Administration, Entrepreneurship, International Business, Marketing and Sales. Minors include Accounting, Business Administration, Economics, Entrepreneurship, Finance, Global Commerce, Marketing and Sales. The Philips School of Business hosts the Business Plan Competition and offers students many opportunities for internships, to hear from guest speakers, and experiential learning.
School of Art and Design[edit]
The School of Art and Design includes academic majors in Graphic Design, Interior Design, Studio Art and Visual Merchandising Design. Minors include Art History, Graphic Design, Furnishings and Product Marketing, Photography, Studio Art and Visual Merchandising Design. The Interior Design program is part of the Knabusch-Shoemaker International School of Home Furnishings and Interior Design and has two computer-assisted design (CAD) labs, a library and gallery to ehibit student work. The Interior Design Program is accredited by the Council for Interior Design Accreditation (CIDA).
Congdon School of Health Sciences[edit]
The new HPU School of Health Sciences and School of Pharmacy are currently two of the university's biggest illustrations of ongoing expansion. HPU has invested $80 million into a 170,000-square-foot building to house both programs.[14]
In 2016, High Point University received the largest National Institute of Health grant in university history. The grant will fund research to find ways to prevent ACL tears, which are most likely to occur in young female athletes.
Fred Wilson School of Pharmacy[edit]
High Point University is investing $100 million in a new, state-of-the-art facility built to house the School of Pharmacy and School of Health Science. The 65,000 square foot school is designed with the latest technology, retail pharmacy space, assessment suites, classrooms and teaching & research labs. The development of the School of Pharmacy is a part of High Point University's ten year, $1.2 billion investment in academic programs and facilities. The School of Pharmacy will accept its first professional class in 2016. By design, High Point University will have the smallest pharmacy class size in North Carolina (80) with a low student to faculty ratio (9:1).
Currently the School of Pharmacy is seeking accreditation by the Accreditation Council for Pharmacy Education (ACPE) and the Southern Association of Colleges and Schools Commission on Colleges (SACS-COC).
In 2012 Dr. Ronald Ragan accepted the position of Professor and Founding Dean of the School of Pharmacy at High Point University. He is responsible for the design and development of the new School of Pharmacy, including accreditation of the program and construction of a new Pharmacy Building. Dr. Ragan was recruited from the University of Kansas.[25] In addition to Dr. Ragan, the School of Pharmacy boasts notable faculty members Dr. Peter Gal - Associate Dean for Academic Affairs,[26] Dr. Earle Lingle - Associate Dean for Student and Professional Affairs,[27] Dr. Scott Hemby - Chair of Basic Pharmaceutical Sciences,[28] and Dr. Joy Greene - Assistant Dean for Experiential Education.[29]
High Point University's School of Pharmacy was recently featured in US Airways Magazine[30] and Our State Magazine.[31]
Nido R. Qubein School of Communication[edit]
The Nido Qubein School of Communication features two high definition television production studios, a multi-track audio recording studio, editing suites, computer labs and a high-definition surround sound theatre-screening room.
High Point University currently offers five concentrations including Electronic Media Production (Developing Audio and Video Productions), Game and Interactive Media Design, Journalism (Converged Broadcast, Online, and Print), Media and Popular Culture Studies (History, Criticism, and Analysis), Sport Communication Strategic Communication (Health Communication, Social Media, Advertising, and Public Relations). In the fall of 2015, the school will offer three new communication majors: a Bachelor of Arts in Communication with an emphasis in Sport Communication (Reporting, Broadcast Performance, and Multimedia Production), a Bachelor of Arts in Documentary Media and a Bachelor of Arts in Communication with an emphasis in Sport & Event Management (Marketing and Promotions, Community Relations, Facility and Operations, Compliance, Ticketing, and Development).
Annually, the top sixteen incoming communication majors are granted membership into High Point University's Media Fellows Program. The Media Fellows Program application is available to students who plan to major in Journalism, Electronic Media, Strategic Communication, Games and Interactive Design or Media and Popular Culture Studies.
High Point University also offers a five-year B.A. to M.A. degree in strategic communication with specializations in either health communication or public relations. Students begin graduate courses in their senior year with courses counting toward both their undergraduate and graduate degrees. They then spend one additional year taking graduate courses and earn a master's degree.
Communication majors have landed full-time positions and internships at companies such as National Air and Space Museum, Walt Disney World, Office Depot, Procter & Gamble, Seventeen magazine and many more.
In March 2015, High Point University announced that former Today Show producer Joe Michaels would be joining the Nido Qubein School of Communication as an artist-in-residence. Joe Michaels is a seven-time Emmy Award-winning director and a two-time Directors Guild of America Honoree. Other notable faculty in the School of Communication include Charisse McGhee-Lazarou, former vice president of Primetime Programming at NBC. David Neal, a 34-time Emmy Award-winning producer and Fox’s World Cup Coordinator serves on the Nido Qubein School of Communication advisory board.
In October 2016, High Point University’s event management program in the Nido R. Qubein School of Communication received international recognition as the best event management bachelor's degree and accepted the Haas & Wilkerson Pinnacle Gold Award at the 61st Annual International Festivals & Events Association Convention on Sept. 28 in Tucson, Arizona. The Pinnacle Awards recognize the quality, excellence, creativity and achievements of the festival and event industry, including the top bachelor’s, master’s and doctoral degrees in event management education. [32]
Norcross Graduate School[edit]
Norcross Graduate School at High Point University houses BA to MA/M.Ed programs (for undergraduate students only), Masters programs and Doctorate programs. BA to MA/M.Ed programs include Elementary Education (BA to M.Ed), Strategic Communication (BA to MA) and Special Education (BA to M.Ed). Masters programs include Business Administration (MBA), Education (M.Ed), Education (M.A.T), Physician Assistant Studies (MPAS) and Strategic Communication (MA). The Masters of Athletic Training (MSAT) is to come in 2017. Doctorate programs include Educational Leadership (Ed. D.), Doctor of Pharmacy (PharmD) and Doctor of Physical Therapy (DPT). Norcorss Graduate School also offers an add-on educational license for Educational Administration.
Academic programs[edit]
Bonner Leader Program[edit]
The Bonner Leader Program is a part of a nationwide network of 70+ colleges and universities affiliated with and guided by the Bonner Leader Foundation. The Bonner Leader Program at High Point University began during the 2013-2014 academic year. The program is composed of six juniors and seniors and two service learning faculty. The Bonner Leader Program is a four-year responsibility. Students commit to 5–7 hours of community service each week, culminating in over 200 hours of community service during each academic year.
HPU Poll/Survey Research Center[edit]
The Survey Research Center began at High Point University in March 2010. HPU Poll surveys people in North Carolina and other states about public affairs issues and reports the results as a public service. Since 2010, members of the HPU Poll have asked questions about approval of public officials in North Carolina and current political issues such as the economy, health care, education, and the threat of terrorism. For each High Point University Poll, the Survey Research Center staff posts press releases, summary memos that give details about survey methods and content, and presentations that highlight a selection of survey questions. HPU's Survey Research Center also supports faculty and student collaboration by managing and consulting on student-faculty research projects.
The Survey Research Center is based in the Nido Qubein School of Communication.
Human Biomechanics and Physiology Lab[edit]
The High Point University Human Biomechanics and Physiology Lab opened in November 2012 and contains a 3D motion analysis system for documenting how the body responds during individual movements using sensors, high-speed motion capture cameras, and force plates. Exercise science is now the third largest major on campus with Biology ranking number 5.
Media Fellows Program[edit]
Each year 16 incoming communication majors are granted membership into High Point University’s Media Fellows Program through the Nido R. Qubein School of Communication. Media Fellows live in a living-learning community their freshman year and have options to travel abroad. During their college career, Media Fellows also participate in summer internships at national media companies, participate in seminars related to their major and produce a Capstone project their senior year.
Pre-professional Programs[edit]
Pre-professional studies are also offered, leading to medical, dental, pharmacy, or physician assistant school, engineering, forestry school, law school, theological seminary, or other professional training.
Physician Assistant Program[edit]
In June 2015, High Point University welcomed its first class of students enrolled in the physician assistant program. Only 20 students were selected from a pool of 800 applicants and they will graduate in 2017.[33] The program will begin each summer and will span 27 months over 7 continuous semesters. In 2017, the program will be housed in HPU's new of Health Sciences and School of Pharmacy building. The program then will be able to expand to 35 students.
The course of study is divided into a 15-month didactic phase and a 12-month clinical phase. The Accreditation Review Commission on Education for the Physician Assistant granted Accreditation-Provisional status to the High Point University Physician Assistant Program sponsored by High Point University. Students will spend their first year largely in the classroom. In the second year, students will complete clinical work at High Point Regional Hospital, Novant Health Forsyth Medical Center in Winston-Salem, area Cornerstone Health Care offices and other group and private practices around the area.
High Point is the ninth North Carolina college to offer a physician assistant program. Two others are in the works, including one at UNC-Chapel Hill.[34] HPU's Physician Assistant program features a state of the art simulation lab featuring iStan, a high fidelity mannequin that can communicate, sweat, bleed, and respond to treatments.[35] Aside from the clinical simulation lab, the space also includes three real-life patient examination rooms, a traditional classroom, and a clinical skills lab.[36]
On June 7, 2015, the students participated in the traditional "white coat" ceremony to mark the beginning of their training.[37]
Admissions[edit]
In 2005, traditional undergraduate enrollment was 1,450. In 2013, High Point University welcomed 4,000 students to campus, an increase by 176 percent. Based on data gathered from the incoming class of 2012, approximately 8,200 applications were reviewed. There was a 54% acceptance rate, with 1,333 enrolling. 78% of the freshmen class applied Early Decision or Early Action. For the class of 2017, the mid-range SAT scores for high school seniors applying to the university was 1000 to 1200. The mean SAT range for Critical Reading and Math was 1100 and the mean ACT Composite score for entering freshmen was 24. The average GPA on a 4.0 scale was a 3.3 un-weighted. 80% of the class was made up of students who were from states outside of North Carolina, and the class represented 41 states and 20 countries.
In the class of 2014, there were 54 students who received the titles of either National Merit Scholars, valedictorians, salutatorians or high school student government presidents. 307 students had Advanced Placement Courses from high school, earning over 1272 credit hours in 23 different subjects. Several students earned the distinction of Eagle Scout or Gold Award recipient during high school, and there were 15 languages spoken fluently among the class. The top ten states represented by the class were North Carolina, Maryland, New Jersey, Massachusetts, New York, Pennsylvania, Connecticut, Virginia, Ohio and Florida. The class is 74% Caucasian, 6% African American, 3% Hispanic or Latin American, 1% Asian or Asian-American, and 16% Other.[38]
Student life[edit]
High Point University is a residential campus by design, with 19 residence halls in total. In 2015 Business Insider ranked High Point University #4 in the nation for best residence halls.[39] All High Point University students are required to reside on campus until they have reached senior status, unless they commute from their parent's permanent address.
High Point University has 12 dining locations on campus including 5 restaurants, Chick-fil-A, Subway, 3 convenience stores and 2 Starbucks. In November 2015 High Point University made Business Insider's list of the 20 colleges with the best dining halls.[40]
Career and professional development[edit]
The Office of Career and Professional Development at High Point University helps students explore their career interests, identify their strengths, and develop a plan that will prepare them for life after graduation. As a part of the Four Year Career Plan, HPU Career advisors help students with freshman career planning, establishing a LinkedIn profile, updating resumes, creating an effective cover letter, applying for graduate school and applying for internships and jobs. The Office of Career and Professional Development also offers an externship course aimed at second semester freshmen and sophomores seeking career-based experience and skill development.
Students who have utilized the Office of Career and Professional Development have landed internships at regional, national, and global organizations such as Ashley Furniture, CBS, CNN, Hearst Magazines, Living Social, Michael Kors, Microsoft, NASA, Vineyard Vines, Good Housekeeping, Paramount Studios, Pfizer Pharmaceuticals and more.
Community Enrichment Series/Access to Innovators[edit]
Students are provided with Access to Innovators, which has brought scores of world-renowned thought-leaders and speakers to campus, including Mitch Albom, Steve Forbes, Malcolm Gladwell, Seth Godin, John C. Maxwell, Thomas Friedman, Ken Dychtwald, and CNN Justice Correspondent Pamela Brown (journalist). Guest speakers are selected to provide students and the community the opportunity to understand diverse viewpoints, positions and backgrounds. Recently, Marc Randolph, the co-founder of Netflix.[41] and Biz Stone, the co-founder of Twitter.[42] While Marc was on campus he took part in a question-and-answer session titled “A Discussion with High Point University President Nido Qubein” and spent time in the Belk Entrepreneurship Center to review High Point University students’ business concepts. Biz also took part in a discussion with President Nido Qubein and spent time with communication and entrepreneurship students.
The Cultural Enrichment Series was named the Community Enrichment Series in 2014. Guests to campus in the 2014-2015 year included Dutch artist Theo Jansen, digital art pioneer Barbara Nessim, sports television announcer Bob Rathbun,[43] Navy Seal Rob O'Neill,[44] pianist Marvin Blickenstaff, and artist Mariyah Sultan.[45] These events are open to students, faculty, staff, and the surrounding community.
Most recently, High Point University announced that Steve Wozniak, the co-founder of Apple Inc. computer, has on a new role as High Point University’s Innovator in Residence.[46] Through an ongoing partnership, Wozniak will connect with HPU students and visited campus on March 23, 2016. The partnership with Steve Wozniak stems from High Point University's focus on providing access to innovators for students.[47]
High Point University also offers students the chance to expand their movie repertoire with the Faculty Film Series, which features faculty-selected films to be shown on campus in the Extraordinaire Cinema and Qubein Screening Room. Films included in the series connect with specific courses being taught on campus during the semester.
Greek life[edit]
There are currently 14 Greek organizations on campus governed by the following councils:
Panhellenic Council (NPC) - Alpha Chi Omega, Alpha Gamma Delta, Kappa Delta, Phi Mu, Sigma Sigma Sigma, Zeta Tau Alpha.
National Pan-Hellenic Council (NPHC) - Alpha Kappa Alpha, Delta Sigma Theta, Kappa Alpha Psi, Zeta Phi Beta.
Interfraternity Council (IFC) - Pi Kappa Phi, Beta Theta Pi, Kappa Alpha Order, Kappa Sigma.Sigma Nu, [48]
Many Greek students are University Ambassadors, Resident Assistants, Peer Mentors, Campus Activity Team members, and Presidential Scholars. Students at High Point University cannot become members of a Greek organization on campus until they have completed at least one semester. Recruitment begins in October and November and ends in January. Students must have at least a 2.5 GPA.
Honor societies[edit]
Honor societies at High Point University include the Order of the Lighted Lamp, Alpha Chi (both recognize academic achievement), Alpha Delta Omega (Human Relations), Beta Beta Beta (Biology), Sigma Delta Pi (Spanish), Pi Delta Phi (French), Phi Sigma Iota (Foreign Language), Lambda Pi Eta (Communications), Alpha Sigma Lambda (Adult Learners), Pi Sigma Alpha (Political Science), Kappa Delta Pi (Education), Delta Mu Delta (Business), Psi Chi (Psychology), Alpha Phi Sigma (Criminal Justice), Sigma Tau Delta (International English Honors Society), and Alpha Lambda Delta.
In April 2015, 254 students were inducted into High Point University's newest honor society, Alpha Lambda Delta. The mission of Alpha Lambda Delta is to encourage superior academic achievement, to promote intelligent living and a high standard of learning, and to assist students in recognizing and developing meaningful goals in society.
Special guest speakers[edit]
In recent years, the school has brought high-profile speakers to campus for commencement, including former President George W. Bush, former President Bill Clinton, former New York mayor Rudolph Giuliani, televangelist pioneer the Rev. Robert Schuller, Queen Noor of Jordan, U.S. Supreme Court Justice Clarence Thomas, astronaut and children's book author Buzz Aldrin, Coca-Cola Company Chairman and CEO Muhtar Kent, the former U.S. First Lady Laura Bush, and Steve Wozniak, the co-founder of Apple.
Colin L. Powell was selected as the 2014 Commencement speaker. Prior to his appearance on campus, Colin Powell gained the university and city of High Point national publicity. The news network CNN ranked High Point University and Colin Powell’s address as fifth in the country for a segment titled "2014’s Big-Name College Commencement Speakers."[49] The morning of commencement, ABC News streamed the entirety of High Point University's graduation ceremony live on their news website. Additionally, The Huffington Post featured a video of Powell's commencement speech citing key pieces of advice he shared with the High Point University Class of 2014 on May 3.[50]
In August 2014, High Point University announced that the distinguished journalist Tom Brokaw, best known as the anchor and managing editor for NBC Nightly News,[51] would be the 2015 commencement speaker. Before the commencement weekend, he made USA Today's list of 'Most Prominent College Graduation Speakers of 2015'.[52] The Huffington Post highlighted Brokaw's speech[53] which urged High Point University graduates to be a new generation that sees past race, gender and superficial lines that divide.
In May 2016, Condoleezza Rice, 66th Secretary of State, served as the Commencement speaker.[54] High Point University President Nido Qubein believes that "Secretary Rice has served this country in measurable ways through her work in our nation’s capital, in free enterprise, in academia and in efforts to improve education for children. She embodies the American spirit and its core values, which we proudly celebrate on our campus." [55] Condoleezza Rice joined President Nido Qubein in a question-and-answer session on Friday, May 6 and addressed the Class of 2016 at High Point University's Commencement ceremony on Saturday, May 7, 2016.[56]
In August 2016, High Point University announced that journalist and television news anchor Wolf Blitzer of CNN's The Situation Room will serve as the 2017 Commencement Speaker.
Throughout the years, other special guests have included former President Bill Clinton, social and political analyst Armstrong Williams, baseball hall of fame recipient Cal Ripken Jr., author Chris Gardner, Olympic gold medalist Jennifer Azzi, former George W. Bush advisor Karl Rove, Grammy award-winning singer Lee Greenwood, physician Patch Adams, and best-selling author Stedman Graham. Local speakers include North Carolina governor Pat McCrory and Richard Childress, president and CEO of Richard Childress Racing. Speakers have also included Tony award-winning composer Charles Strouse and Steve Harvey.
HPU welcomed Chancellor of UNC Chapel Hill, Carol Folt who was interviewed by president Nido Qubein for UNCTV. HPU also welcomed Stanford University professor, TED speaker and author, Carol Dweck, who was interviewed by president Qubein on her research and book "Mindset" which focuses on the idea of Growth Mindset.
In February 2017, Apple Co-Founder and HPU Innovator in Residence, Steve Wozniak, was welcomed back to campus to speak with students, faculty, staff and members of the community about a variety of topics.[57]
National Advisory Board[edit]
The National Board of Advisors is composed of Fortune 500 CEOs and thought leaders who have impacted the United States of America and the world in significant ways. Most recently, HPU announced they have appointed Anthony Atala[58] of Wake Forest Institute for Regenerative Medicine[59] to their National Board of Advisors.
Other distinguished members include General Colin Powell and Steve Wozniak,[60] Dr. James Moeser, chancellor emeritus at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill; Ron Wanek, founder and chairman of Ashley Furniture; Marty Flanagan, president and CEO of Invesco Ltd.; Kelly King, chairman and CEO of BB&T; Bonnie McElveen-Hunter, CEO & Owner of Pace Communications, Chairwoman of the American Red Cross and former U.S. Ambassador to Finland; Kurt L. Darrow, President and CEO of La-Z-Boy; Rich Handler, CEO and Director of Leucadia and CEO and Chairman of the Board for Jeffries Group; Tim Belk, chairman and CEO of Belk Stores, and David King, CEO of LabCorp.
Notable alumni[edit]

Nido R. Qubein - Seventh president of High Point University, businessman, motivational speaker, author
Cody Allen - Major League Baseball pitcher for the Cleveland Indians. Drafted in the 23rd Round of the 2011 Major League Baseball Draft
Elizabeth Carty - Miss North Carolina Teen USA
Chris Cottrell – Lincoln Memorial University Assistant Men's Basketball Coach
Dick Culler – Major League Baseball player
Julia Dalton - Miss North Carolina USA
Austin Dillon – NASCAR Sprint Cup Series driver, 2011 NASCAR Camping World Truck Series Champion, 2013 NASCAR Nationwide Series Champion
Lauch Faircloth – Former United States Senator (R-NC)
Donna Fargo – Grammy-winning country music singer/songwriter
Issa Konare – PBL Basketball player for the Vermont Frost Heaves and plays for Senegal's national team
Gene Littles – Former ABA basketball player and NBA coach
Jack Lucas – Youngest Marine to receive the Congressional Medal of Honor
Donald Marriott - N.C. State Tennis Champion 2003
Robert "50" Martin – professional basketball player Atlanta Vision; former And1 streetballer
Robert R. Merhige, Jr. - A federal judge for the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Virginia who is known for his ruling on desegregation in the 1970s.
Taylor Milne – Canadian Olympian in the 1500 metres
Arizona Reid – Professional basketball player for the San Miguel Beerman
Jaime Schultz - baseball player[61]
Tubby Smith – NCAA coach and assistant coach of the 2000 U.S. Men's Basketball Team
John Taylor - star of the Emmy Award-nominated weight loss series Too Fat for 15: Fighting Back, and New Jersey's State Teacher of the Year for 2016[62]

Community involvement[edit]
In 2011, students in the High Point University School of Education partnered with The Montlieu Academy of Technology in High Point to allow students the opportunity to use iPads in the classroom. The iPads given to the school were funded by High Point University, Businesses for Excellence in Education, the William B. Millis Fund of the High Point Community Foundation and the Joseph M. Bryan Foundation.
In 2014, an article in The High Point Enterprise stated that the iPads donated to Montlieu Academy had positive results.[63]
In 2015 High Point University President Nido Qubein announced that HPU would make the lead gift of $100,000 for a local YMCA Splash Park. The Splash Park will give children in the High Point community a place to stay cool and healthy over the summer. In 2016, the Charl Chavis YMCA in High Point hosted the grand opening of the Splash Park where HPU dedicated the park in honor of Carlvena Foster, executive director of the YMCA and a High Point University alumna.[64]
High Point University and High Point Regional Hospital announced in February 2016 that they have "partnered the creation of the Community Rehabilitation Clinic- a clinic to treat the insured and the uninsured populations with a variety of physical therapy and rehabilitation needs."
In the summer of 2016, HPU graduate Brandon Holder spoke as part of TedxGreensboro about finding his passion and developing a solar-powered water purification system to help bring water to developing nations. His organization is called "Water the World: Live Locally. Give Globally."
In late September 2016, The HPU Department of Physics hosted their third annual "HPUniverse Day" which invites local children and their families to campus for activities focused on science, astronomy, space exploration and more. In 2016, nearly 1,000 people attended the event/ Giving children the opportunity to enjoy science but also consider it as a field of work someday is part of the event's goal, according to lead organizer Dr. Brad Barlow, assistant professor of astrophysics. [65]
For the sixth consecutive year, High Point University hosted its annual Community Christmas Celebration, welcoming more than 20,000 community members and their families. Visitors experience music, entertainment, falling snow, meeting Santa, arts and crafts, a petting zoo, train rides, food and drinks, thousands of lights and beautiful holiday decorations. This event is free of charge to the community.[66]
Athletics[edit]
Main article: High Point Panthers
The High Point Panthers include HPU's 16 athletic teams that compete at the NCAA Division I level, mostly in the Big South Conference. HPU's 16 varsity sports are baseball, men's and women's basketball, men's and women's cross country, men's and women's golf, men's and women's lacrosse, men's and women's soccer, men's and women's indoor track & field, men's and women's outdoor track & field and women's volleyball. In recent years, HPU has won nine Big South Conference Championships, produced 10 Conference Players of the Year; and more than 130 HPU athletes have received Big South All-Academic Honors.
The 2010–11 season was the most successful since High Point University joined NCAA Division I in 1999–2000. In the fall, the women's soccer team and women's volleyball team won Big South Tournaments and the men's soccer team won the Big South regular season.[67] In the spring, the women's lacrosse team won the National Lacrosse Conference tournament and set a record for wins by a first-year program, with 15.[68]
The 2010-2011 women's lacrosse team success led to other accomplishments in 2013. The assistant women's lacrosse coach Lauren Norris was selected to coach the 2013 Israel National Lacrosse Team in the 2013 FIL Women's World Cup.
In the fourth round of the 2013 Major League Soccer (MLS) Supplemental Draft, the Columbus Crew picked High Point University senior midfielder Shawn Sloan.
High Point University also fields the following sports at the club level: men's and women's basketball, men's and women's golf, men's and women's lacrosse, men's and women's rowing, running, men's and women's soccer, men's and women's swimming, men's and women's tennis, women's field hockey, softball, ultimate frisbee, equestrian and ice hockey.[69]
In the fall of 2013, the High Point University field hockey team qualified for the national tournament in Virginia Beach with a 6-2-0 season. The club equestrian team is a member of the Intercollegiate Horse Show Association (IHSA).
Donations to High Point University's Athletic Department have exceeded $30 million. The primary athletics facilities at High Point University are the Millis Center (basketball, volleyball), Williard Stadium (baseball) and the Witcher Athletic Center at Vert Stadium (track, soccer, lacrosse).[70]
In May 2009, former University of North Carolina captain Scott Cherry was named head coach of men's basketball.
High Point University broke ground on a 31,500 square-foot facility in 2013. The facility will house a 120-seat academic center as well as athletic training rooms. The newest building on campus will also include new locker rooms and lounges for men's and women's lacrosse and soccer teams, as well as offices for coaches and support staff members.
In May 2014, High Point University announced the appointment of Dan Hauser as the new Athletic Director, effective July 1, 2014. Hauser has spent the last eight years as Senior Associate Athletic Director at Ohio University. He previously served as Director of Marketing at Wake Forest University.
In July 2016, The Big South announced the 2015-2016 Presidential Honor Roll, where High Point University Athletics had the highest percentage of 3.0 GPAs.[71]
At the beginning of 2017, High Point University announced plans for a new basketball arena and conference center to be built on campus. The facility will be named for High Point University president, Dr. Nido R. Qubein and his wife, Mariana Qubein. Construction is to begin in 2018 and it is projected to open in 2020.[72]
It was also announced in early 2017 that the basketball court in the new arena will be named for University of Memphis Head Coach and High Point University alumni, Tubby Smith. Orlando, "Tubby" Smith and his wife, Donna Smith, generously donated $1 million to the construction of the new facility.[73]
Publications and media[edit]

High Point University Magazine, for alumni
The Apogee, the literary magazine
Black Script
Campus Chronicle, rated one of the Top 20 campus newspapers in the United States by the American Scholastic Press Association
HPU Radio, student produced and broadcast via Hpuradio.com
Zenith, yearbook
"HPU Sports Link", Broadcasts HPU athletics live online

In May 2013, HPU graduates Collin Smith and Ernest Greene were featured on ABC World News Tonight with Diane Sawyer, Good Morning America, and Fox & Friends Christmas Special. Smith was a three-sport athlete in high school before a car accident left him paralyzed from the chest down. Greene was a member of Smith's church when the accident occurred and volunteered his time throughout Smith's college career to help him get ready for school and take notes during his classes. Smith graduated in 2013 and Greene received an honorary degree during the Commencement Ceremony.
In Fall 2013, High Point University President Nido R. Qubein made a live appearance on CNBC's Squawk Box to discuss the American Dream and the importance of a holistic education.
Sechrest Gallery[edit]
A permanent collection of original works donated to the University by High Point Alumnus Darrell L. Sechrest. Among others, the permanent collection includes works by Christian Dietrich, Sir Lawrence Alma-Tadema, Sir Joshua Reynolds, Allesandro Gherardini, El Greco, George Harvey, Emile Louis Picault, Elsie Popkin, and Antonio Zucchi and Angelica Kauffman. The gallery is housed within the Hayworth Fine Arts Center.[74]
Controversy[edit]
Since taking office in 2005, President Nido Qubein has been adding campus buildings and creating student amenities such as concierge services, an on-campus steak house, free carwashes, and an icecream truck.[75] In early 2012 Businessweek reported that about $700 million in new building and campus upgrades was financed by heavy borrowing and Moody's Investors Service downgraded the school’s bonds to junk status in 2009 due to the school's position as one of the most heavily leveraged colleges in the country.[75] The U.S. Department of Education's "financial responsibility" score for the 2012 and 2013 fiscal year has High Point University scoring the highest possible score of 3, putting the university ahead of Elon University, Duke University, and Davidson College.[76] Businessweek responded by inviting the school to make financial documents available to support any challenges to the article's accuracy, but none were offered in response.[75] In addition to questioning debt levels, Businessweek challenged whether the school's relationships with its lenders and vendors were at an appropriate arm's length, citing in particular that the school spends large marketing dollars with a public relations firm headed by the president's daughter. The college's claims to a growing reputation in higher education were challenged as being based more on high-end student amenities and marketing strategy than on solid academics.[75]
References[edit]


^ As of June 30, 2011. "U.S. and Canadian Institutions Listed by Fiscal Year 2011 Endowment Market Value and Percentage Change in Endowment Market Value from FY 2010 to FY 2011" (PDF). 2011 NACUBO-Commonfund Study of Endowments. National Association of College and University Business Officers. Retrieved June 16, 2011. 
^ [1], High Point University
^ "High Point University". Retrieved August 15, 2015. 
^ "Regional College South Rankings | Top Regional Colleges South | US News Best Colleges". colleges.usnews.rankingsandreviews.com. Retrieved 2016-05-27. 
^ "Most Innovative Schools | Regional Colleges South | US News Best Colleges". colleges.usnews.rankingsandreviews.com. Retrieved 2016-05-27. 
^ Sizemore, F. J., ed. The Buildings and the Builders of a City: High Point, North Carolina. High Point: Hall Printing Company, 1947. p. 318-319
^ Robinson, Blackwell P., and Alexander R. Stoesen. The History of Guilford County, North Carolina, U.S.A. to 1980, A.D. Greensboro: The Guilford County Bicentennial Commission, 1980. p. 233
^ Robinson, Blackwell P., and Alexander R. Stoesen. "The History of Guilford County, North Carolina, U.S.A. To 1980, A.D." Greensboro: The Guilford County Bicentennial Commission, 1980. p. 235
^ https://web.archive.org/web/20040928204703/http://www.high-point.net/edc/2002annrpt.pdf%7C High Point Economic Development Corporation Website
^ "Rhino Times - June 19, 2014". Archived from the original on November 29, 2014. Retrieved August 15, 2015. 
^ StartClass, Nido Qubien -- High Point University #4, Retrieved December 14, 2015, "...Total Compensation: $2,909,148.."
^ Jean Stancill, December 8, 2015, News & Observer, The president of High Point University ranked as the third highest-paid university president in the country, according to a Chronicle of Higher Education report on 2013 data, Retrieved December 14, 2015, "....."
^ Kambhampati, Sandhya. "32 Leaders of Private Colleges Earned More Than $1 Million in 2013". The Chronicle of Higher Education. The Chronicle of Higher Education. Retrieved December 6, 2015. 
^ a b c "Can High Point University fly higher?". Triad Business Journal. May 23, 2014. Retrieved August 15, 2015. 
^ "Page Not Found - HP® Official Site". Archived from the original on December 18, 2014. Retrieved August 15, 2015. 
^ john.newsom@news-record.com, John Newsom. "HPU delves into past for 90th birthday". Retrieved February 26, 2017. 
^ "High Point University unveils plan to 'lead the way' with $160M in new building projects - Greensboro - Triad Business Journal". Triad Business Journal. Retrieved 2016-05-27. 
^ http://colleges.usnews.rankingsandreviews.com/best-colleges/high-point-university-2933
^ http://colleges.usnews.rankingsandreviews.com/best-colleges/rankings/regional-colleges-south
^ http://colleges.usnews.rankingsandreviews.com/best-colleges/high-point-university-198695/overall-rankings
^ "America's Top Colleges". Forbes. Retrieved August 15, 2015. 
^ "Online Colleges in North Carolina - AffordableCollegesOnline.org". Retrieved August 15, 2015. 
^ "NASA invites High Point University students to test device". Greensboro News & Record. Retrieved August 15, 2015. 
^ "Couple donates $5 million to HPU". The High Point Enterprise. Retrieved 3.27.17.  Check date values in: |access-date= (help)
^ "School of Pharmacy associate dean leaving KU for top spot with new program". Retrieved August 15, 2015. 
^ High Point University. "HPU Welcomes Gal as Associate Dean for Academic Affairs for the School of Pharmacy". High Point University. Retrieved August 15, 2015. 
^ High Point University. "School of Pharmacy Welcomes Lingle as Associate Dean". High Point University. Retrieved August 15, 2015. 
^ High Point University. "Hemby Joins School of Pharmacy". High Point University. Retrieved August 15, 2015. 
^ High Point University. "Greene Joins School of Pharmacy". High Point University. Retrieved August 15, 2015. 
^ High Point University. "ISSUU - High Point University Feature in US Airways Magazine by High Point University". Issuu. Retrieved August 15, 2015. 
^ High Point University. "ISSUU - Our State Magazine HPU Feature October 2013 by High Point University". Issuu. Retrieved August 15, 2015. 
^ "Past Pinnacle Winners". Retrieved February 26, 2017. 
^ "High Point University welcomes first students in physician assistant program - Greensboro - Triad Business Journal". Triad Business Journal. June 5, 2015. Retrieved August 15, 2015. 
^ "High Point University starts physician assistant program". Winston-Salem Journal. Retrieved August 15, 2015. 
^ HPU's PA Program Opens State of the Art Simulation Lab. YouTube. May 14, 2014. Retrieved August 15, 2015. 
^ "Meet Stan. He cries, sweats, talks and pees. And he's a mannequin". Retrieved August 15, 2015. 
^ University, High Point (2015-06-07). "HPU Hosts Inaugural White Coat Ceremony and Welcomes First Class of PA Students - High Point University". High Point University. Retrieved 2016-05-15. 
^ High Point University. "Freshmen Class Profile". High Point University - Undergraduate Admissions. Retrieved August 15, 2015. 
^ "The 30 colleges with the best dorms". Retrieved February 26, 2017. 
^ "The 20 colleges with the best dining halls". Retrieved February 26, 2017. 
^ REPORT, ENTERPRISE STAFF. "Netflix co-founder to visit HPU". Retrieved February 26, 2017. 
^ "Twitter (NYSE: TWTR) co-founder Biz Stone to speak at High Point University - Greensboro - Triad Business Journal". Triad Business Journal. Retrieved 2016-05-27. 
^ "Sportscaster Bob Rathbun Shares Industry Expertise at HPU". Retrieved August 15, 2015. 
^ "Page Not Found - HP® Official Site". Archived from the original on February 24, 2015. Retrieved August 15, 2015. 
^ David Ford. "Sechrest Gallery Presents "Elemental Emulsions: Mariyah Sultan Paintings"". Retrieved August 15, 2015. 
^ University, High Point. "Apple Co-Founder Steve Wozniak Becomes HPU's Innovator in Residence". GlobeNewswire News Room. Retrieved 2016-05-27. 
^ "Steve Wozniak named Innovator in Residence at High Point University". Retrieved February 26, 2017. 
^ High Point University. "Greek Life". Greek Life. Retrieved August 15, 2015. 
^ Jamie Gumbrecht, CNN (April 25, 2014). "College commencement speakers for 2014 announced - CNN.com". CNN. Retrieved August 15, 2015. 
^ "Congress Needs To Stop And Listen To Colin Powell's Commencement Speech (VIDEO)". The Huffington Post. Retrieved August 15, 2015. 
^ [2][dead link]
^ "Most prominent college commencement speakers of 2015 - USA TODAY College". USA TODAY College. Retrieved August 15, 2015. 
^ "Tom Brokaw: We Can't Fulfill America's Promise If We Are Blinded By Color". The Huffington Post. Retrieved August 15, 2015. 
^ REPORTS, STAFF. "Condoleezza Rice to speak at HPU graduation". Retrieved February 26, 2017. 
^ Journal, Jordan Howse/Winston-Salem. "Condoleezza Rice to speak at HPU graduation". Retrieved February 26, 2017. 
^ Hill, Jarred. "Condoleezza Rice speaks at HPU graduation". WXII12. Retrieved 2016-05-27. 
^ Yahoo Finance. Yahoo Finance http://finance.yahoo.com/news/apple-co-founder-steve-wozniak-172956871.html. Retrieved 3/10/17.  Check date values in: |access-date= (help); Missing or empty |title= (help)
^ Anthony Atala. "Anthony Atala: Growing new organs - TED Talk - TED.com". Retrieved August 15, 2015. 
^ High Point University. "National Board of Advisors Adds Dr. Anthony Atala". High Point University. Retrieved August 15, 2015. 
^ Reports, Staff. "Colin Powell, Steve Wozniak join new High Point University board". Retrieved February 26, 2017. 
^ "Schultz selects D-1 baseball". troyrecord.com. Retrieved April 10, 2015. 
^ "Jersey City educator named N.J. charter school teacher of the year". www.nj.com. Retrieved 2016-07-23. 
^ "Page Not Found - HP® Official Site". Archived from the original on September 18, 2014. Retrieved August 15, 2015. 
^ University, High Point (2016-05-12). "Carl Chavis YMCA Opens Splash Park for Children in High Point - High Point University". High Point University. Retrieved 2016-05-27. 
^ University, High Point. "Science Comes to Life at HPUniverse Day for Local Children - High Point University - - High Point University - High Point, NC". Retrieved February 26, 2017. 
^ O'Connell, Elaina (December 14, 2016). "High Point University Hosts Annual Community Christmas". TWC News. TWC News. Retrieved February 7, 2017. 
^ High Point University Panthers - High Point leads Sasser Cup standings after fall. Highpointpanthers.com (2010-12-01). Retrieved on 2013-08-09.
^ High Point University Panthers - HPU women's lacrosse finishes season with loss to No. 2 UNC. Highpointpanthers.com (2011-05-06). Retrieved on 2013-08-09.
^ High Point University Panthers - Club Sports at HPU. Highpointpanthers.com. Retrieved on 2013-08-09.
^ "High Point University Panthers - HPU dedicates Witcher Athletic Center". High Point University. Retrieved August 15, 2015. 
^ "Big South Announces 2015-16 Presidential Honor Roll". Retrieved February 26, 2017. 
^ Newsom, John (January 30, 2017). "High Point University details plans for basketball arena, conference center". Winston-Salem Journal. Retrieved February 7, 2017. 
^ Staff, Web (February 7, 2017). "High Point University to name new basketball court after Tubby Smith". Fox 8. Fox 8. Retrieved February 7, 2017. 
^ "High Point University" (PDF). Retrieved August 15, 2015. 
^ a b c d "BubbleU: High Point University", Bloomberg Businessweek, April 19, 2012
^ "Financial Responsibility Composite Scores". Retrieved August 15, 2015. 



Loy, Gary, High Point University 90th Anniversary Photo Book. Lulu Press, 2014.
McCaslin, Dr. Richard B., Remembered Be Thy Blessings: High Point University: The College Years, 1924–1991. High Point University, 1995.

External links[edit]

Official website







v
t
e


Private colleges and universities in North Carolina






Barber-Scotia
Barton
Belmont Abbey
Bennett
Brevard
Campbell
Catawba
Charlotte Christian
Chowan
Davidson
Duke
Elon
Gardner–Webb
Greensboro
Guilford
High Point
Johnson C. Smith
John Wesley
Lees–McRae
Lenoir–Rhyne
Livingstone
Louisburg
Mars Hill
Meredith
Methodist
Mid-Atlantic Christian
Montreat
Mount Olive
North Carolina Wesleyan
Pfeiffer
Piedmont International
Queens
St. Andrews
St. Augustine's
Salem
Shaw
Southeastern Baptist
Southeastern Free Will Baptist
Warren Wilson
Wake Forest
William Peace
Wingate












v
t
e


Big South Conference



Full members



Campbell Fighting Camels and Lady Camels (football joining in 2018)
Charleston Southern Buccaneers
Gardner–Webb Runnin' Bulldogs
Longwood Lancers
Presbyterian Blue Hose





Non-football members



High Point Panthers
Liberty Flames and Lady Flames (Football ineligible in final FCS season in 2017 as program transitions to FBS)
Radford Highlanders
UNC Asheville Bulldogs
Winthrop Eagles





ASUN football alliance



Kennesaw State Owls
North Alabama Lions (joining in 2019)





Football-only members



Monmouth Hawks












v
t
e


International Association of Methodist-related Schools, Colleges, and Universities






Adrian
Alaska Pacific
Albion
Albright
Allegheny
American
Andrew
Baker
Baldwin Wallace
Bennett
Bethune-Cookman
Birmingham-Southern
Boston University
Brevard
Centenary (Louisiana)
Centenary University
Central Methodist
Claflin
Clark Atlanta
Columbia College (South Carolina)
Cornell College
Dakota Wesleyan
Denver
DePauw
Dickinson College
Dillard
Drew
Duke
Emory
Emory & Henry
Evansville
Ferrum
Florida Southern
Green Mountain
Greensboro
Hamline
Hendrix
High Point
Hiwassee
Huntingdon
Huston-Tillotson
Illinois Wesleyan
Indianapolis
Iowa Wesleyan
Kansas Wesleyan
Kendall
Kentucky Wesleyan
LaGrange
Lambuth
Lebanon Valley
Lindsey Wilson
Lon Morris
Louisburg
Lycoming
MacMurray
Martin Methodist
McKendree
McMurry
Meharry Medical
Methodist
Millsaps
Morningside
Mount Union
Nebraska Methodist
Nebraska Wesleyan
North Carolina Wesleyan
North Central
Northwestern University
Ohio Northern
Ohio Wesleyan
Oklahoma City
Otterbein
Oxford of Emory
Pacific
Paine
Pfeiffer
Puget Sound
Philander Smith
Randolph
Randolph-Macon
Reinhardt
Rocky Mountain
Rust
Shenandoah
Simpson College
Southern Methodist
Southwestern College (Kansas)
Southwestern University
Spartanburg Methodist
Syracuse
Tennessee Wesleyan
Texas Wesleyan
Union (Kentucky)
Virginia Wesleyan
Wesley College (Delaware)
Wesleyan College
West Virginia Wesleyan
Wiley
Willamette
Wofford
Young Harris










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=High_Point_University&oldid=791106320"					
Categories: High Point UniversityEducational institutions established in 1924High Point, North CarolinaLiberal arts colleges in North CarolinaUniversities and colleges accredited by the Southern Association of Colleges and SchoolsUniversities and colleges in Guilford County, North CarolinaUniversities and colleges in North Carolina1924 establishments in North CarolinaHidden categories: CS1 errors: datesAll articles with dead external linksArticles with dead external links from May 2017Pages with citations lacking titlesPages with citations having bare URLsUse mdy dates from September 2015Coordinates on WikidataInstances of Infobox university using image size 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


Español 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 18 July 2017, at 05:10.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









High Point University - Wikipedia






















 






High Point University

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search


High Point University





Former names

High Point College (1924–1991)


Motto
Nil Sine Numine (Latin)



Motto in English

Nothing Without Divine Guidance


Type
Private


Established
1924


Endowment
$42 million[1]


President
Nido Qubein



Academic staff

879[2]


Students
4,800


Undergraduates
4,500


Postgraduates
319[3]


Location
High Point, North Carolina, U.S.
35°58′27″N 79°59′44″W﻿ / ﻿35.9741251°N 79.9954946°W﻿ / 35.9741251; -79.9954946Coordinates: 35°58′27″N 79°59′44″W﻿ / ﻿35.9741251°N 79.9954946°W﻿ / 35.9741251; -79.9954946


Campus
Suburban
380 acres


Colors
Purple and white
         


Athletics
NCAA Division I – Big South


Nickname
Panthers


Affiliations
IAMSCU
NAICU


Sports
16 varsity sports


Mascot
Prowler the Panther


Website
www.highpoint.edu





High Point University is a private liberal arts university in High Point, North Carolina, U.S., affiliated with the United Methodist Church. Founded as High Point College in 1924, it became High Point University in October 1991. HPU offers 47 undergraduate majors, 51 undergraduate minors and 12 graduate-degree majors. High Point University was ranked No. 1 among all regional colleges in the south[4] and No. 1 for the most innovative regional colleges in the south[5] in the "America's Best Colleges" 2016 Edition, published by U.S News & World Report.



Contents


1 History
2 Location
3 Academics

3.1 Schools

3.1.1 David R. Hayworth College of Arts and Sciences
3.1.2 Stout School of Education
3.1.3 Earl N. Phillips School of Business
3.1.4 School of Art and Design
3.1.5 Congdon School of Health Sciences

3.1.5.1 Fred Wilson School of Pharmacy


3.1.6 Nido R. Qubein School of Communication
3.1.7 Norcross Graduate School


3.2 Academic programs

3.2.1 Bonner Leader Program
3.2.2 HPU Poll/Survey Research Center
3.2.3 Human Biomechanics and Physiology Lab
3.2.4 Media Fellows Program
3.2.5 Pre-professional Programs
3.2.6 Physician Assistant Program




4 Admissions
5 Student life

5.1 Career and professional development
5.2 Community Enrichment Series/Access to Innovators
5.3 Greek life


6 Honor societies
7 Special guest speakers

7.1 National Advisory Board


8 Notable alumni
9 Community involvement
10 Athletics
11 Publications and media
12 Sechrest Gallery
13 Controversy
14 References
15 External links



History[edit]




Roberts Hall at High Point University






Atlas sculpture at High Point University. Artist, Jon Hair






Cottrell Hall at High Point University


In the mid-19th century, the Methodist Protestant Church, which is now part of the United Methodist Church, became active in educational pursuits in North Carolina. In 1921, after some years of consideration, the statewide governing body of the Methodist Protestant Church voted to establish a college.[6] Shortly afterwards the church accepted an offer from the citizens of High Point to contribute 60 acres (240,000 m2) of land and $100,000 to the project, placing the new school in the city of High Point.[7] The campus was designed by R. E. Mitchell of Washington, D.C., assisted by Herbert Hunter of High Point, in the English Renaissance style. The school was founded in 1924 as High Point College, a joint venture between the Methodist Protestant Church and the citizens of High Point, and officially opened its doors on September 14, 1924. When the college opened, the campus consisted of three buildings, attended by nine faculty members, with a student enrollment of 122.


High Point University presidents














The steadfast growth that characterized the birth of the College ended abruptly with the Great Depression. This period was difficult for the College in 1932–33, as faculty salaries were cut and expenses were sometimes bartered. Despite a $50,000 fund raising campaign, the College declared bankruptcy on June 15, 1934 and reorganization in an effort to reduce its indebtedness.[8] Subsequent reorganization enabled the College to move forward with business and renewed expansion.
On October 9, 1991, under the guidance of President Dr. Jacob C. Martinson, Jr. and the Board of Trustees, High Point College changed its name to High Point University to reflect post-graduate degree programs. Coinciding with the offering of graduate studies, every building on the campus was renovated and new ones were constructed with a campus quadrangle added to replace a former city street that bisected the campus,[9] and by 2004 the University's endowment increased to $40 million. When Jacob C. Martinson, Jr. stepped down as President in 2005, he was the longest serving United Methodist college president in the country.
In 2005, the university was only 92 acres and landlocked with a total undergraduate enrollment of 1,450. The university's operating budget was only $35 million with approximately 100 faculty members.[10] Since Dr. Nido R. Qubein became President of High Point University in 2005 the growth of the university has had significant impact on the city, region and the state of North Carolina. Qubein is the fourth highest paid college president, paid $2.9 million a year, in the United States.[11][12]
The Chronicle of Higher Education Almanac, April 19, 2016 noted Nido R Qubein is the third highest donor university president in the country from 2006-2016. He committed $10 million to High Point University.[13] Donations from alumni, parents and supporters of HPU total about $214 million since 2006. In 2010, the university announced plans to invest about $2.1 billion in overall growth in the next decade. To date, High Point University has spent $1.2 billion on four new schools plus facilities, faculty and student services.[14]
Ashley Furniture Industries Chairman Ron Wanek donated $10 million to High Point University in 2013 after visiting HPU's president Dr. Nido R. Qubein. Wanek's gift to the university is the 10th contribution of $10 million or more that Qubein has received during his tenure.[14]
On September 14, 2014, the university celebrated its 90th anniversary.[15] As part of the commemoration, 90 facts about the university were featured in the News and Record on High Point University's Founders Day.[16] On January 3, 2015, Nido R. Qubein celebrated his 10th anniversary as president of High Point University.
In April 2016, High Point University announced plans to invest $160 million in new building projects [17] including a 5,000-seat arena and conference center, undergraduate science center and residence hall.
Location[edit]
Together, Greensboro, High Point, and Winston-Salem, along with the surrounding suburbs and townships, form the Piedmont Triad region, an area with a population over 1.5 million. Of that number, approximately 108,285 live in High Point. Both Greensboro and Winston-Salem are twenty minutes from campus. East of the University are Raleigh (1½ hours away) and the Atlantic Ocean (3½ hours away); south of the University are Charlotte (1½ hours away) and Atlanta, Georgia (5 hours away); west of the University are the Appalachian Mountains (2 hours away) and north is Washington, D.C. (5 hours away).
Academics[edit]




Main campus at High Point University


In 2015, High Point University had a student-to-faculty ratio of 14:1 and a student retention rate of 76.5%.[18] The average class size is fewer than 20 students and no teacher assistants instruct classes.
In 2015, High Point University was ranked #1 in the annual U.S. News & World Report Regional Colleges South rankings.[19] In the 2016 rankings released HPU ranks #1 Best Regional College in the South for the fourth consecutive year and #1 Most Innovative Regional College in the South.[20]
In the Forbes Magazine listing, "America's Top Colleges," High Point University was ranked 559th nationwide out of 650.[21] In August 2013, Affordable Colleges Online ranked High Point University No. 8 among 35 colleges in North Carolina based on the return on investment versus the cost of tuition and fees.[22]
High Point University offers day and evening undergraduate degree programs (Bachelor of Arts and Bachelor of Science) and evening graduate degree programs (Master of Education in Elementary Education, Master of Education in Educational Leadership, Master of Public Administration in Nonprofit Organization, Master of Business Administration, and Master of Science in Sports Studies). A doctoral degree in Educational Leadership began in the fall of 2012.
Schools[edit]
Schools at High Point include the David R. Hayworth College of Arts and Sciences, the Phillips School of Business, the Plato S. Wilson School of Commerce, the Nido R. Qubein School of Communication, the School of Art and Design, the School of Health Sciences, and the School of Education. A School of Pharmacy is projected to open in 2017.
David R. Hayworth College of Arts and Sciences[edit]
Majors housed in the College of Arts and Sciences include Actuarial Science, Biochemistry, Biology, Chemistry, Computer Science, Criminal Justice, English, French, History, Human Relations, International Relations, Mathematical Economics, Mathematics, Music, Profit Leadership Management, Physics, Philosophy, Physics, Political Science, Psychology, Religion, Sociology and Anthropology, Spanish and Theater. Beginning in the fall of 2010 almost all courses in the College of Arts and Sciences became four credit courses.
In recent years, the sciences at High Point University have made significant updates. Congdon Hall has added new office suites, classrooms and study spaces. The science departments have invested a quarter of a million dollars in new equipment to support scientific research and education on campus, including a $77,186 Institutional Development Grant from the North Carolina Biotechnology Center (NCBC) to purchase additional equipment for the cell culture lab.
The physics department was recently added as a member of the Small and Moderate Aperture Research Telescope System (SMARTS) Consortium, which operates four small telescopes at the Cerro Tololo Inter-American Observatory in Chile. In spring of 2015, High Point University physics students also had their proposal accepted to NASA’s Micro-g Neutral Buoyancy Experiment Design Teams program (Micro-g NExT)[23]
Stout School of Education[edit]
The Stout School of Education opened in August 2012. The building is 31,000-square-foot and includes smart boards, a children's book library, math and science touch screen games, a methods lab designed to look and feel like a real elementary school classroom, a Mac lab, and psychology research booths. Students have the option of majoring in Elementary Education, Health and PE, Middle Grades Education or Special Education. There is also a Master of Education in Educational Leadership and a Doctoral Degree Program in Educational Leadership.
On March 27, 2017 High Point University announced that the School of Education would be renamed to the Stout School of Education in recognition of Robert and Maggie Stout.[24]
Earl N. Phillips School of Business[edit]
The Earl N. Phillips School of Business (PSB) is a vibrant, growing school of business with academic majors including Accounting, Business Administration, Entrepreneurship, International Business, Marketing and Sales. Minors include Accounting, Business Administration, Economics, Entrepreneurship, Finance, Global Commerce, Marketing and Sales. The Philips School of Business hosts the Business Plan Competition and offers students many opportunities for internships, to hear from guest speakers, and experiential learning.
School of Art and Design[edit]
The School of Art and Design includes academic majors in Graphic Design, Interior Design, Studio Art and Visual Merchandising Design. Minors include Art History, Graphic Design, Furnishings and Product Marketing, Photography, Studio Art and Visual Merchandising Design. The Interior Design program is part of the Knabusch-Shoemaker International School of Home Furnishings and Interior Design and has two computer-assisted design (CAD) labs, a library and gallery to ehibit student work. The Interior Design Program is accredited by the Council for Interior Design Accreditation (CIDA).
Congdon School of Health Sciences[edit]
The new HPU School of Health Sciences and School of Pharmacy are currently two of the university's biggest illustrations of ongoing expansion. HPU has invested $80 million into a 170,000-square-foot building to house both programs.[14]
In 2016, High Point University received the largest National Institute of Health grant in university history. The grant will fund research to find ways to prevent ACL tears, which are most likely to occur in young female athletes.
Fred Wilson School of Pharmacy[edit]
High Point University is investing $100 million in a new, state-of-the-art facility built to house the School of Pharmacy and School of Health Science. The 65,000 square foot school is designed with the latest technology, retail pharmacy space, assessment suites, classrooms and teaching & research labs. The development of the School of Pharmacy is a part of High Point University's ten year, $1.2 billion investment in academic programs and facilities. The School of Pharmacy will accept its first professional class in 2016. By design, High Point University will have the smallest pharmacy class size in North Carolina (80) with a low student to faculty ratio (9:1).
Currently the School of Pharmacy is seeking accreditation by the Accreditation Council for Pharmacy Education (ACPE) and the Southern Association of Colleges and Schools Commission on Colleges (SACS-COC).
In 2012 Dr. Ronald Ragan accepted the position of Professor and Founding Dean of the School of Pharmacy at High Point University. He is responsible for the design and development of the new School of Pharmacy, including accreditation of the program and construction of a new Pharmacy Building. Dr. Ragan was recruited from the University of Kansas.[25] In addition to Dr. Ragan, the School of Pharmacy boasts notable faculty members Dr. Peter Gal - Associate Dean for Academic Affairs,[26] Dr. Earle Lingle - Associate Dean for Student and Professional Affairs,[27] Dr. Scott Hemby - Chair of Basic Pharmaceutical Sciences,[28] and Dr. Joy Greene - Assistant Dean for Experiential Education.[29]
High Point University's School of Pharmacy was recently featured in US Airways Magazine[30] and Our State Magazine.[31]
Nido R. Qubein School of Communication[edit]
The Nido Qubein School of Communication features two high definition television production studios, a multi-track audio recording studio, editing suites, computer labs and a high-definition surround sound theatre-screening room.
High Point University currently offers five concentrations including Electronic Media Production (Developing Audio and Video Productions), Game and Interactive Media Design, Journalism (Converged Broadcast, Online, and Print), Media and Popular Culture Studies (History, Criticism, and Analysis), Sport Communication Strategic Communication (Health Communication, Social Media, Advertising, and Public Relations). In the fall of 2015, the school will offer three new communication majors: a Bachelor of Arts in Communication with an emphasis in Sport Communication (Reporting, Broadcast Performance, and Multimedia Production), a Bachelor of Arts in Documentary Media and a Bachelor of Arts in Communication with an emphasis in Sport & Event Management (Marketing and Promotions, Community Relations, Facility and Operations, Compliance, Ticketing, and Development).
Annually, the top sixteen incoming communication majors are granted membership into High Point University's Media Fellows Program. The Media Fellows Program application is available to students who plan to major in Journalism, Electronic Media, Strategic Communication, Games and Interactive Design or Media and Popular Culture Studies.
High Point University also offers a five-year B.A. to M.A. degree in strategic communication with specializations in either health communication or public relations. Students begin graduate courses in their senior year with courses counting toward both their undergraduate and graduate degrees. They then spend one additional year taking graduate courses and earn a master's degree.
Communication majors have landed full-time positions and internships at companies such as National Air and Space Museum, Walt Disney World, Office Depot, Procter & Gamble, Seventeen magazine and many more.
In March 2015, High Point University announced that former Today Show producer Joe Michaels would be joining the Nido Qubein School of Communication as an artist-in-residence. Joe Michaels is a seven-time Emmy Award-winning director and a two-time Directors Guild of America Honoree. Other notable faculty in the School of Communication include Charisse McGhee-Lazarou, former vice president of Primetime Programming at NBC. David Neal, a 34-time Emmy Award-winning producer and Fox’s World Cup Coordinator serves on the Nido Qubein School of Communication advisory board.
In October 2016, High Point University’s event management program in the Nido R. Qubein School of Communication received international recognition as the best event management bachelor's degree and accepted the Haas & Wilkerson Pinnacle Gold Award at the 61st Annual International Festivals & Events Association Convention on Sept. 28 in Tucson, Arizona. The Pinnacle Awards recognize the quality, excellence, creativity and achievements of the festival and event industry, including the top bachelor’s, master’s and doctoral degrees in event management education. [32]
Norcross Graduate School[edit]
Norcross Graduate School at High Point University houses BA to MA/M.Ed programs (for undergraduate students only), Masters programs and Doctorate programs. BA to MA/M.Ed programs include Elementary Education (BA to M.Ed), Strategic Communication (BA to MA) and Special Education (BA to M.Ed). Masters programs include Business Administration (MBA), Education (M.Ed), Education (M.A.T), Physician Assistant Studies (MPAS) and Strategic Communication (MA). The Masters of Athletic Training (MSAT) is to come in 2017. Doctorate programs include Educational Leadership (Ed. D.), Doctor of Pharmacy (PharmD) and Doctor of Physical Therapy (DPT). Norcorss Graduate School also offers an add-on educational license for Educational Administration.
Academic programs[edit]
Bonner Leader Program[edit]
The Bonner Leader Program is a part of a nationwide network of 70+ colleges and universities affiliated with and guided by the Bonner Leader Foundation. The Bonner Leader Program at High Point University began during the 2013-2014 academic year. The program is composed of six juniors and seniors and two service learning faculty. The Bonner Leader Program is a four-year responsibility. Students commit to 5–7 hours of community service each week, culminating in over 200 hours of community service during each academic year.
HPU Poll/Survey Research Center[edit]
The Survey Research Center began at High Point University in March 2010. HPU Poll surveys people in North Carolina and other states about public affairs issues and reports the results as a public service. Since 2010, members of the HPU Poll have asked questions about approval of public officials in North Carolina and current political issues such as the economy, health care, education, and the threat of terrorism. For each High Point University Poll, the Survey Research Center staff posts press releases, summary memos that give details about survey methods and content, and presentations that highlight a selection of survey questions. HPU's Survey Research Center also supports faculty and student collaboration by managing and consulting on student-faculty research projects.
The Survey Research Center is based in the Nido Qubein School of Communication.
Human Biomechanics and Physiology Lab[edit]
The High Point University Human Biomechanics and Physiology Lab opened in November 2012 and contains a 3D motion analysis system for documenting how the body responds during individual movements using sensors, high-speed motion capture cameras, and force plates. Exercise science is now the third largest major on campus with Biology ranking number 5.
Media Fellows Program[edit]
Each year 16 incoming communication majors are granted membership into High Point University’s Media Fellows Program through the Nido R. Qubein School of Communication. Media Fellows live in a living-learning community their freshman year and have options to travel abroad. During their college career, Media Fellows also participate in summer internships at national media companies, participate in seminars related to their major and produce a Capstone project their senior year.
Pre-professional Programs[edit]
Pre-professional studies are also offered, leading to medical, dental, pharmacy, or physician assistant school, engineering, forestry school, law school, theological seminary, or other professional training.
Physician Assistant Program[edit]
In June 2015, High Point University welcomed its first class of students enrolled in the physician assistant program. Only 20 students were selected from a pool of 800 applicants and they will graduate in 2017.[33] The program will begin each summer and will span 27 months over 7 continuous semesters. In 2017, the program will be housed in HPU's new of Health Sciences and School of Pharmacy building. The program then will be able to expand to 35 students.
The course of study is divided into a 15-month didactic phase and a 12-month clinical phase. The Accreditation Review Commission on Education for the Physician Assistant granted Accreditation-Provisional status to the High Point University Physician Assistant Program sponsored by High Point University. Students will spend their first year largely in the classroom. In the second year, students will complete clinical work at High Point Regional Hospital, Novant Health Forsyth Medical Center in Winston-Salem, area Cornerstone Health Care offices and other group and private practices around the area.
High Point is the ninth North Carolina college to offer a physician assistant program. Two others are in the works, including one at UNC-Chapel Hill.[34] HPU's Physician Assistant program features a state of the art simulation lab featuring iStan, a high fidelity mannequin that can communicate, sweat, bleed, and respond to treatments.[35] Aside from the clinical simulation lab, the space also includes three real-life patient examination rooms, a traditional classroom, and a clinical skills lab.[36]
On June 7, 2015, the students participated in the traditional "white coat" ceremony to mark the beginning of their training.[37]
Admissions[edit]
In 2005, traditional undergraduate enrollment was 1,450. In 2013, High Point University welcomed 4,000 students to campus, an increase by 176 percent. Based on data gathered from the incoming class of 2012, approximately 8,200 applications were reviewed. There was a 54% acceptance rate, with 1,333 enrolling. 78% of the freshmen class applied Early Decision or Early Action. For the class of 2017, the mid-range SAT scores for high school seniors applying to the university was 1000 to 1200. The mean SAT range for Critical Reading and Math was 1100 and the mean ACT Composite score for entering freshmen was 24. The average GPA on a 4.0 scale was a 3.3 un-weighted. 80% of the class was made up of students who were from states outside of North Carolina, and the class represented 41 states and 20 countries.
In the class of 2014, there were 54 students who received the titles of either National Merit Scholars, valedictorians, salutatorians or high school student government presidents. 307 students had Advanced Placement Courses from high school, earning over 1272 credit hours in 23 different subjects. Several students earned the distinction of Eagle Scout or Gold Award recipient during high school, and there were 15 languages spoken fluently among the class. The top ten states represented by the class were North Carolina, Maryland, New Jersey, Massachusetts, New York, Pennsylvania, Connecticut, Virginia, Ohio and Florida. The class is 74% Caucasian, 6% African American, 3% Hispanic or Latin American, 1% Asian or Asian-American, and 16% Other.[38]
Student life[edit]
High Point University is a residential campus by design, with 19 residence halls in total. In 2015 Business Insider ranked High Point University #4 in the nation for best residence halls.[39] All High Point University students are required to reside on campus until they have reached senior status, unless they commute from their parent's permanent address.
High Point University has 12 dining locations on campus including 5 restaurants, Chick-fil-A, Subway, 3 convenience stores and 2 Starbucks. In November 2015 High Point University made Business Insider's list of the 20 colleges with the best dining halls.[40]
Career and professional development[edit]
The Office of Career and Professional Development at High Point University helps students explore their career interests, identify their strengths, and develop a plan that will prepare them for life after graduation. As a part of the Four Year Career Plan, HPU Career advisors help students with freshman career planning, establishing a LinkedIn profile, updating resumes, creating an effective cover letter, applying for graduate school and applying for internships and jobs. The Office of Career and Professional Development also offers an externship course aimed at second semester freshmen and sophomores seeking career-based experience and skill development.
Students who have utilized the Office of Career and Professional Development have landed internships at regional, national, and global organizations such as Ashley Furniture, CBS, CNN, Hearst Magazines, Living Social, Michael Kors, Microsoft, NASA, Vineyard Vines, Good Housekeeping, Paramount Studios, Pfizer Pharmaceuticals and more.
Community Enrichment Series/Access to Innovators[edit]
Students are provided with Access to Innovators, which has brought scores of world-renowned thought-leaders and speakers to campus, including Mitch Albom, Steve Forbes, Malcolm Gladwell, Seth Godin, John C. Maxwell, Thomas Friedman, Ken Dychtwald, and CNN Justice Correspondent Pamela Brown (journalist). Guest speakers are selected to provide students and the community the opportunity to understand diverse viewpoints, positions and backgrounds. Recently, Marc Randolph, the co-founder of Netflix.[41] and Biz Stone, the co-founder of Twitter.[42] While Marc was on campus he took part in a question-and-answer session titled “A Discussion with High Point University President Nido Qubein” and spent time in the Belk Entrepreneurship Center to review High Point University students’ business concepts. Biz also took part in a discussion with President Nido Qubein and spent time with communication and entrepreneurship students.
The Cultural Enrichment Series was named the Community Enrichment Series in 2014. Guests to campus in the 2014-2015 year included Dutch artist Theo Jansen, digital art pioneer Barbara Nessim, sports television announcer Bob Rathbun,[43] Navy Seal Rob O'Neill,[44] pianist Marvin Blickenstaff, and artist Mariyah Sultan.[45] These events are open to students, faculty, staff, and the surrounding community.
Most recently, High Point University announced that Steve Wozniak, the co-founder of Apple Inc. computer, has on a new role as High Point University’s Innovator in Residence.[46] Through an ongoing partnership, Wozniak will connect with HPU students and visited campus on March 23, 2016. The partnership with Steve Wozniak stems from High Point University's focus on providing access to innovators for students.[47]
High Point University also offers students the chance to expand their movie repertoire with the Faculty Film Series, which features faculty-selected films to be shown on campus in the Extraordinaire Cinema and Qubein Screening Room. Films included in the series connect with specific courses being taught on campus during the semester.
Greek life[edit]
There are currently 14 Greek organizations on campus governed by the following councils:
Panhellenic Council (NPC) - Alpha Chi Omega, Alpha Gamma Delta, Kappa Delta, Phi Mu, Sigma Sigma Sigma, Zeta Tau Alpha.
National Pan-Hellenic Council (NPHC) - Alpha Kappa Alpha, Delta Sigma Theta, Kappa Alpha Psi, Zeta Phi Beta.
Interfraternity Council (IFC) - Pi Kappa Phi, Beta Theta Pi, Kappa Alpha Order, Kappa Sigma.Sigma Nu, [48]
Many Greek students are University Ambassadors, Resident Assistants, Peer Mentors, Campus Activity Team members, and Presidential Scholars. Students at High Point University cannot become members of a Greek organization on campus until they have completed at least one semester. Recruitment begins in October and November and ends in January. Students must have at least a 2.5 GPA.
Honor societies[edit]
Honor societies at High Point University include the Order of the Lighted Lamp, Alpha Chi (both recognize academic achievement), Alpha Delta Omega (Human Relations), Beta Beta Beta (Biology), Sigma Delta Pi (Spanish), Pi Delta Phi (French), Phi Sigma Iota (Foreign Language), Lambda Pi Eta (Communications), Alpha Sigma Lambda (Adult Learners), Pi Sigma Alpha (Political Science), Kappa Delta Pi (Education), Delta Mu Delta (Business), Psi Chi (Psychology), Alpha Phi Sigma (Criminal Justice), Sigma Tau Delta (International English Honors Society), and Alpha Lambda Delta.
In April 2015, 254 students were inducted into High Point University's newest honor society, Alpha Lambda Delta. The mission of Alpha Lambda Delta is to encourage superior academic achievement, to promote intelligent living and a high standard of learning, and to assist students in recognizing and developing meaningful goals in society.
Special guest speakers[edit]
In recent years, the school has brought high-profile speakers to campus for commencement, including former President George W. Bush, former President Bill Clinton, former New York mayor Rudolph Giuliani, televangelist pioneer the Rev. Robert Schuller, Queen Noor of Jordan, U.S. Supreme Court Justice Clarence Thomas, astronaut and children's book author Buzz Aldrin, Coca-Cola Company Chairman and CEO Muhtar Kent, the former U.S. First Lady Laura Bush, and Steve Wozniak, the co-founder of Apple.
Colin L. Powell was selected as the 2014 Commencement speaker. Prior to his appearance on campus, Colin Powell gained the university and city of High Point national publicity. The news network CNN ranked High Point University and Colin Powell’s address as fifth in the country for a segment titled "2014’s Big-Name College Commencement Speakers."[49] The morning of commencement, ABC News streamed the entirety of High Point University's graduation ceremony live on their news website. Additionally, The Huffington Post featured a video of Powell's commencement speech citing key pieces of advice he shared with the High Point University Class of 2014 on May 3.[50]
In August 2014, High Point University announced that the distinguished journalist Tom Brokaw, best known as the anchor and managing editor for NBC Nightly News,[51] would be the 2015 commencement speaker. Before the commencement weekend, he made USA Today's list of 'Most Prominent College Graduation Speakers of 2015'.[52] The Huffington Post highlighted Brokaw's speech[53] which urged High Point University graduates to be a new generation that sees past race, gender and superficial lines that divide.
In May 2016, Condoleezza Rice, 66th Secretary of State, served as the Commencement speaker.[54] High Point University President Nido Qubein believes that "Secretary Rice has served this country in measurable ways through her work in our nation’s capital, in free enterprise, in academia and in efforts to improve education for children. She embodies the American spirit and its core values, which we proudly celebrate on our campus." [55] Condoleezza Rice joined President Nido Qubein in a question-and-answer session on Friday, May 6 and addressed the Class of 2016 at High Point University's Commencement ceremony on Saturday, May 7, 2016.[56]
In August 2016, High Point University announced that journalist and television news anchor Wolf Blitzer of CNN's The Situation Room will serve as the 2017 Commencement Speaker.
Throughout the years, other special guests have included former President Bill Clinton, social and political analyst Armstrong Williams, baseball hall of fame recipient Cal Ripken Jr., author Chris Gardner, Olympic gold medalist Jennifer Azzi, former George W. Bush advisor Karl Rove, Grammy award-winning singer Lee Greenwood, physician Patch Adams, and best-selling author Stedman Graham. Local speakers include North Carolina governor Pat McCrory and Richard Childress, president and CEO of Richard Childress Racing. Speakers have also included Tony award-winning composer Charles Strouse and Steve Harvey.
HPU welcomed Chancellor of UNC Chapel Hill, Carol Folt who was interviewed by president Nido Qubein for UNCTV. HPU also welcomed Stanford University professor, TED speaker and author, Carol Dweck, who was interviewed by president Qubein on her research and book "Mindset" which focuses on the idea of Growth Mindset.
In February 2017, Apple Co-Founder and HPU Innovator in Residence, Steve Wozniak, was welcomed back to campus to speak with students, faculty, staff and members of the community about a variety of topics.[57]
National Advisory Board[edit]
The National Board of Advisors is composed of Fortune 500 CEOs and thought leaders who have impacted the United States of America and the world in significant ways. Most recently, HPU announced they have appointed Anthony Atala[58] of Wake Forest Institute for Regenerative Medicine[59] to their National Board of Advisors.
Other distinguished members include General Colin Powell and Steve Wozniak,[60] Dr. James Moeser, chancellor emeritus at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill; Ron Wanek, founder and chairman of Ashley Furniture; Marty Flanagan, president and CEO of Invesco Ltd.; Kelly King, chairman and CEO of BB&T; Bonnie McElveen-Hunter, CEO & Owner of Pace Communications, Chairwoman of the American Red Cross and former U.S. Ambassador to Finland; Kurt L. Darrow, President and CEO of La-Z-Boy; Rich Handler, CEO and Director of Leucadia and CEO and Chairman of the Board for Jeffries Group; Tim Belk, chairman and CEO of Belk Stores, and David King, CEO of LabCorp.
Notable alumni[edit]

Nido R. Qubein - Seventh president of High Point University, businessman, motivational speaker, author
Cody Allen - Major League Baseball pitcher for the Cleveland Indians. Drafted in the 23rd Round of the 2011 Major League Baseball Draft
Elizabeth Carty - Miss North Carolina Teen USA
Chris Cottrell – Lincoln Memorial University Assistant Men's Basketball Coach
Dick Culler – Major League Baseball player
Julia Dalton - Miss North Carolina USA
Austin Dillon – NASCAR Sprint Cup Series driver, 2011 NASCAR Camping World Truck Series Champion, 2013 NASCAR Nationwide Series Champion
Lauch Faircloth – Former United States Senator (R-NC)
Donna Fargo – Grammy-winning country music singer/songwriter
Issa Konare – PBL Basketball player for the Vermont Frost Heaves and plays for Senegal's national team
Gene Littles – Former ABA basketball player and NBA coach
Jack Lucas – Youngest Marine to receive the Congressional Medal of Honor
Donald Marriott - N.C. State Tennis Champion 2003
Robert "50" Martin – professional basketball player Atlanta Vision; former And1 streetballer
Robert R. Merhige, Jr. - A federal judge for the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Virginia who is known for his ruling on desegregation in the 1970s.
Taylor Milne – Canadian Olympian in the 1500 metres
Arizona Reid – Professional basketball player for the San Miguel Beerman
Jaime Schultz - baseball player[61]
Tubby Smith – NCAA coach and assistant coach of the 2000 U.S. Men's Basketball Team
John Taylor - star of the Emmy Award-nominated weight loss series Too Fat for 15: Fighting Back, and New Jersey's State Teacher of the Year for 2016[62]

Community involvement[edit]
In 2011, students in the High Point University School of Education partnered with The Montlieu Academy of Technology in High Point to allow students the opportunity to use iPads in the classroom. The iPads given to the school were funded by High Point University, Businesses for Excellence in Education, the William B. Millis Fund of the High Point Community Foundation and the Joseph M. Bryan Foundation.
In 2014, an article in The High Point Enterprise stated that the iPads donated to Montlieu Academy had positive results.[63]
In 2015 High Point University President Nido Qubein announced that HPU would make the lead gift of $100,000 for a local YMCA Splash Park. The Splash Park will give children in the High Point community a place to stay cool and healthy over the summer. In 2016, the Charl Chavis YMCA in High Point hosted the grand opening of the Splash Park where HPU dedicated the park in honor of Carlvena Foster, executive director of the YMCA and a High Point University alumna.[64]
High Point University and High Point Regional Hospital announced in February 2016 that they have "partnered the creation of the Community Rehabilitation Clinic- a clinic to treat the insured and the uninsured populations with a variety of physical therapy and rehabilitation needs."
In the summer of 2016, HPU graduate Brandon Holder spoke as part of TedxGreensboro about finding his passion and developing a solar-powered water purification system to help bring water to developing nations. His organization is called "Water the World: Live Locally. Give Globally."
In late September 2016, The HPU Department of Physics hosted their third annual "HPUniverse Day" which invites local children and their families to campus for activities focused on science, astronomy, space exploration and more. In 2016, nearly 1,000 people attended the event/ Giving children the opportunity to enjoy science but also consider it as a field of work someday is part of the event's goal, according to lead organizer Dr. Brad Barlow, assistant professor of astrophysics. [65]
For the sixth consecutive year, High Point University hosted its annual Community Christmas Celebration, welcoming more than 20,000 community members and their families. Visitors experience music, entertainment, falling snow, meeting Santa, arts and crafts, a petting zoo, train rides, food and drinks, thousands of lights and beautiful holiday decorations. This event is free of charge to the community.[66]
Athletics[edit]
Main article: High Point Panthers
The High Point Panthers include HPU's 16 athletic teams that compete at the NCAA Division I level, mostly in the Big South Conference. HPU's 16 varsity sports are baseball, men's and women's basketball, men's and women's cross country, men's and women's golf, men's and women's lacrosse, men's and women's soccer, men's and women's indoor track & field, men's and women's outdoor track & field and women's volleyball. In recent years, HPU has won nine Big South Conference Championships, produced 10 Conference Players of the Year; and more than 130 HPU athletes have received Big South All-Academic Honors.
The 2010–11 season was the most successful since High Point University joined NCAA Division I in 1999–2000. In the fall, the women's soccer team and women's volleyball team won Big South Tournaments and the men's soccer team won the Big South regular season.[67] In the spring, the women's lacrosse team won the National Lacrosse Conference tournament and set a record for wins by a first-year program, with 15.[68]
The 2010-2011 women's lacrosse team success led to other accomplishments in 2013. The assistant women's lacrosse coach Lauren Norris was selected to coach the 2013 Israel National Lacrosse Team in the 2013 FIL Women's World Cup.
In the fourth round of the 2013 Major League Soccer (MLS) Supplemental Draft, the Columbus Crew picked High Point University senior midfielder Shawn Sloan.
High Point University also fields the following sports at the club level: men's and women's basketball, men's and women's golf, men's and women's lacrosse, men's and women's rowing, running, men's and women's soccer, men's and women's swimming, men's and women's tennis, women's field hockey, softball, ultimate frisbee, equestrian and ice hockey.[69]
In the fall of 2013, the High Point University field hockey team qualified for the national tournament in Virginia Beach with a 6-2-0 season. The club equestrian team is a member of the Intercollegiate Horse Show Association (IHSA).
Donations to High Point University's Athletic Department have exceeded $30 million. The primary athletics facilities at High Point University are the Millis Center (basketball, volleyball), Williard Stadium (baseball) and the Witcher Athletic Center at Vert Stadium (track, soccer, lacrosse).[70]
In May 2009, former University of North Carolina captain Scott Cherry was named head coach of men's basketball.
High Point University broke ground on a 31,500 square-foot facility in 2013. The facility will house a 120-seat academic center as well as athletic training rooms. The newest building on campus will also include new locker rooms and lounges for men's and women's lacrosse and soccer teams, as well as offices for coaches and support staff members.
In May 2014, High Point University announced the appointment of Dan Hauser as the new Athletic Director, effective July 1, 2014. Hauser has spent the last eight years as Senior Associate Athletic Director at Ohio University. He previously served as Director of Marketing at Wake Forest University.
In July 2016, The Big South announced the 2015-2016 Presidential Honor Roll, where High Point University Athletics had the highest percentage of 3.0 GPAs.[71]
At the beginning of 2017, High Point University announced plans for a new basketball arena and conference center to be built on campus. The facility will be named for High Point University president, Dr. Nido R. Qubein and his wife, Mariana Qubein. Construction is to begin in 2018 and it is projected to open in 2020.[72]
It was also announced in early 2017 that the basketball court in the new arena will be named for University of Memphis Head Coach and High Point University alumni, Tubby Smith. Orlando, "Tubby" Smith and his wife, Donna Smith, generously donated $1 million to the construction of the new facility.[73]
Publications and media[edit]

High Point University Magazine, for alumni
The Apogee, the literary magazine
Black Script
Campus Chronicle, rated one of the Top 20 campus newspapers in the United States by the American Scholastic Press Association
HPU Radio, student produced and broadcast via Hpuradio.com
Zenith, yearbook
"HPU Sports Link", Broadcasts HPU athletics live online

In May 2013, HPU graduates Collin Smith and Ernest Greene were featured on ABC World News Tonight with Diane Sawyer, Good Morning America, and Fox & Friends Christmas Special. Smith was a three-sport athlete in high school before a car accident left him paralyzed from the chest down. Greene was a member of Smith's church when the accident occurred and volunteered his time throughout Smith's college career to help him get ready for school and take notes during his classes. Smith graduated in 2013 and Greene received an honorary degree during the Commencement Ceremony.
In Fall 2013, High Point University President Nido R. Qubein made a live appearance on CNBC's Squawk Box to discuss the American Dream and the importance of a holistic education.
Sechrest Gallery[edit]
A permanent collection of original works donated to the University by High Point Alumnus Darrell L. Sechrest. Among others, the permanent collection includes works by Christian Dietrich, Sir Lawrence Alma-Tadema, Sir Joshua Reynolds, Allesandro Gherardini, El Greco, George Harvey, Emile Louis Picault, Elsie Popkin, and Antonio Zucchi and Angelica Kauffman. The gallery is housed within the Hayworth Fine Arts Center.[74]
Controversy[edit]
Since taking office in 2005, President Nido Qubein has been adding campus buildings and creating student amenities such as concierge services, an on-campus steak house, free carwashes, and an icecream truck.[75] In early 2012 Businessweek reported that about $700 million in new building and campus upgrades was financed by heavy borrowing and Moody's Investors Service downgraded the school’s bonds to junk status in 2009 due to the school's position as one of the most heavily leveraged colleges in the country.[75] The U.S. Department of Education's "financial responsibility" score for the 2012 and 2013 fiscal year has High Point University scoring the highest possible score of 3, putting the university ahead of Elon University, Duke University, and Davidson College.[76] Businessweek responded by inviting the school to make financial documents available to support any challenges to the article's accuracy, but none were offered in response.[75] In addition to questioning debt levels, Businessweek challenged whether the school's relationships with its lenders and vendors were at an appropriate arm's length, citing in particular that the school spends large marketing dollars with a public relations firm headed by the president's daughter. The college's claims to a growing reputation in higher education were challenged as being based more on high-end student amenities and marketing strategy than on solid academics.[75]
References[edit]


^ As of June 30, 2011. "U.S. and Canadian Institutions Listed by Fiscal Year 2011 Endowment Market Value and Percentage Change in Endowment Market Value from FY 2010 to FY 2011" (PDF). 2011 NACUBO-Commonfund Study of Endowments. National Association of College and University Business Officers. Retrieved June 16, 2011. 
^ [1], High Point University
^ "High Point University". Retrieved August 15, 2015. 
^ "Regional College South Rankings | Top Regional Colleges South | US News Best Colleges". colleges.usnews.rankingsandreviews.com. Retrieved 2016-05-27. 
^ "Most Innovative Schools | Regional Colleges South | US News Best Colleges". colleges.usnews.rankingsandreviews.com. Retrieved 2016-05-27. 
^ Sizemore, F. J., ed. The Buildings and the Builders of a City: High Point, North Carolina. High Point: Hall Printing Company, 1947. p. 318-319
^ Robinson, Blackwell P., and Alexander R. Stoesen. The History of Guilford County, North Carolina, U.S.A. to 1980, A.D. Greensboro: The Guilford County Bicentennial Commission, 1980. p. 233
^ Robinson, Blackwell P., and Alexander R. Stoesen. "The History of Guilford County, North Carolina, U.S.A. To 1980, A.D." Greensboro: The Guilford County Bicentennial Commission, 1980. p. 235
^ https://web.archive.org/web/20040928204703/http://www.high-point.net/edc/2002annrpt.pdf%7C High Point Economic Development Corporation Website
^ "Rhino Times - June 19, 2014". Archived from the original on November 29, 2014. Retrieved August 15, 2015. 
^ StartClass, Nido Qubien -- High Point University #4, Retrieved December 14, 2015, "...Total Compensation: $2,909,148.."
^ Jean Stancill, December 8, 2015, News & Observer, The president of High Point University ranked as the third highest-paid university president in the country, according to a Chronicle of Higher Education report on 2013 data, Retrieved December 14, 2015, "....."
^ Kambhampati, Sandhya. "32 Leaders of Private Colleges Earned More Than $1 Million in 2013". The Chronicle of Higher Education. The Chronicle of Higher Education. Retrieved December 6, 2015. 
^ a b c "Can High Point University fly higher?". Triad Business Journal. May 23, 2014. Retrieved August 15, 2015. 
^ "Page Not Found - HP® Official Site". Archived from the original on December 18, 2014. Retrieved August 15, 2015. 
^ john.newsom@news-record.com, John Newsom. "HPU delves into past for 90th birthday". Retrieved February 26, 2017. 
^ "High Point University unveils plan to 'lead the way' with $160M in new building projects - Greensboro - Triad Business Journal". Triad Business Journal. Retrieved 2016-05-27. 
^ http://colleges.usnews.rankingsandreviews.com/best-colleges/high-point-university-2933
^ http://colleges.usnews.rankingsandreviews.com/best-colleges/rankings/regional-colleges-south
^ http://colleges.usnews.rankingsandreviews.com/best-colleges/high-point-university-198695/overall-rankings
^ "America's Top Colleges". Forbes. Retrieved August 15, 2015. 
^ "Online Colleges in North Carolina - AffordableCollegesOnline.org". Retrieved August 15, 2015. 
^ "NASA invites High Point University students to test device". Greensboro News & Record. Retrieved August 15, 2015. 
^ "Couple donates $5 million to HPU". The High Point Enterprise. Retrieved 3.27.17.  Check date values in: |access-date= (help)
^ "School of Pharmacy associate dean leaving KU for top spot with new program". Retrieved August 15, 2015. 
^ High Point University. "HPU Welcomes Gal as Associate Dean for Academic Affairs for the School of Pharmacy". High Point University. Retrieved August 15, 2015. 
^ High Point University. "School of Pharmacy Welcomes Lingle as Associate Dean". High Point University. Retrieved August 15, 2015. 
^ High Point University. "Hemby Joins School of Pharmacy". High Point University. Retrieved August 15, 2015. 
^ High Point University. "Greene Joins School of Pharmacy". High Point University. Retrieved August 15, 2015. 
^ High Point University. "ISSUU - High Point University Feature in US Airways Magazine by High Point University". Issuu. Retrieved August 15, 2015. 
^ High Point University. "ISSUU - Our State Magazine HPU Feature October 2013 by High Point University". Issuu. Retrieved August 15, 2015. 
^ "Past Pinnacle Winners". Retrieved February 26, 2017. 
^ "High Point University welcomes first students in physician assistant program - Greensboro - Triad Business Journal". Triad Business Journal. June 5, 2015. Retrieved August 15, 2015. 
^ "High Point University starts physician assistant program". Winston-Salem Journal. Retrieved August 15, 2015. 
^ HPU's PA Program Opens State of the Art Simulation Lab. YouTube. May 14, 2014. Retrieved August 15, 2015. 
^ "Meet Stan. He cries, sweats, talks and pees. And he's a mannequin". Retrieved August 15, 2015. 
^ University, High Point (2015-06-07). "HPU Hosts Inaugural White Coat Ceremony and Welcomes First Class of PA Students - High Point University". High Point University. Retrieved 2016-05-15. 
^ High Point University. "Freshmen Class Profile". High Point University - Undergraduate Admissions. Retrieved August 15, 2015. 
^ "The 30 colleges with the best dorms". Retrieved February 26, 2017. 
^ "The 20 colleges with the best dining halls". Retrieved February 26, 2017. 
^ REPORT, ENTERPRISE STAFF. "Netflix co-founder to visit HPU". Retrieved February 26, 2017. 
^ "Twitter (NYSE: TWTR) co-founder Biz Stone to speak at High Point University - Greensboro - Triad Business Journal". Triad Business Journal. Retrieved 2016-05-27. 
^ "Sportscaster Bob Rathbun Shares Industry Expertise at HPU". Retrieved August 15, 2015. 
^ "Page Not Found - HP® Official Site". Archived from the original on February 24, 2015. Retrieved August 15, 2015. 
^ David Ford. "Sechrest Gallery Presents "Elemental Emulsions: Mariyah Sultan Paintings"". Retrieved August 15, 2015. 
^ University, High Point. "Apple Co-Founder Steve Wozniak Becomes HPU's Innovator in Residence". GlobeNewswire News Room. Retrieved 2016-05-27. 
^ "Steve Wozniak named Innovator in Residence at High Point University". Retrieved February 26, 2017. 
^ High Point University. "Greek Life". Greek Life. Retrieved August 15, 2015. 
^ Jamie Gumbrecht, CNN (April 25, 2014). "College commencement speakers for 2014 announced - CNN.com". CNN. Retrieved August 15, 2015. 
^ "Congress Needs To Stop And Listen To Colin Powell's Commencement Speech (VIDEO)". The Huffington Post. Retrieved August 15, 2015. 
^ [2][dead link]
^ "Most prominent college commencement speakers of 2015 - USA TODAY College". USA TODAY College. Retrieved August 15, 2015. 
^ "Tom Brokaw: We Can't Fulfill America's Promise If We Are Blinded By Color". The Huffington Post. Retrieved August 15, 2015. 
^ REPORTS, STAFF. "Condoleezza Rice to speak at HPU graduation". Retrieved February 26, 2017. 
^ Journal, Jordan Howse/Winston-Salem. "Condoleezza Rice to speak at HPU graduation". Retrieved February 26, 2017. 
^ Hill, Jarred. "Condoleezza Rice speaks at HPU graduation". WXII12. Retrieved 2016-05-27. 
^ Yahoo Finance. Yahoo Finance http://finance.yahoo.com/news/apple-co-founder-steve-wozniak-172956871.html. Retrieved 3/10/17.  Check date values in: |access-date= (help); Missing or empty |title= (help)
^ Anthony Atala. "Anthony Atala: Growing new organs - TED Talk - TED.com". Retrieved August 15, 2015. 
^ High Point University. "National Board of Advisors Adds Dr. Anthony Atala". High Point University. Retrieved August 15, 2015. 
^ Reports, Staff. "Colin Powell, Steve Wozniak join new High Point University board". Retrieved February 26, 2017. 
^ "Schultz selects D-1 baseball". troyrecord.com. Retrieved April 10, 2015. 
^ "Jersey City educator named N.J. charter school teacher of the year". www.nj.com. Retrieved 2016-07-23. 
^ "Page Not Found - HP® Official Site". Archived from the original on September 18, 2014. Retrieved August 15, 2015. 
^ University, High Point (2016-05-12). "Carl Chavis YMCA Opens Splash Park for Children in High Point - High Point University". High Point University. Retrieved 2016-05-27. 
^ University, High Point. "Science Comes to Life at HPUniverse Day for Local Children - High Point University - - High Point University - High Point, NC". Retrieved February 26, 2017. 
^ O'Connell, Elaina (December 14, 2016). "High Point University Hosts Annual Community Christmas". TWC News. TWC News. Retrieved February 7, 2017. 
^ High Point University Panthers - High Point leads Sasser Cup standings after fall. Highpointpanthers.com (2010-12-01). Retrieved on 2013-08-09.
^ High Point University Panthers - HPU women's lacrosse finishes season with loss to No. 2 UNC. Highpointpanthers.com (2011-05-06). Retrieved on 2013-08-09.
^ High Point University Panthers - Club Sports at HPU. Highpointpanthers.com. Retrieved on 2013-08-09.
^ "High Point University Panthers - HPU dedicates Witcher Athletic Center". High Point University. Retrieved August 15, 2015. 
^ "Big South Announces 2015-16 Presidential Honor Roll". Retrieved February 26, 2017. 
^ Newsom, John (January 30, 2017). "High Point University details plans for basketball arena, conference center". Winston-Salem Journal. Retrieved February 7, 2017. 
^ Staff, Web (February 7, 2017). "High Point University to name new basketball court after Tubby Smith". Fox 8. Fox 8. Retrieved February 7, 2017. 
^ "High Point University" (PDF). Retrieved August 15, 2015. 
^ a b c d "BubbleU: High Point University", Bloomberg Businessweek, April 19, 2012
^ "Financial Responsibility Composite Scores". Retrieved August 15, 2015. 



Loy, Gary, High Point University 90th Anniversary Photo Book. Lulu Press, 2014.
McCaslin, Dr. Richard B., Remembered Be Thy Blessings: High Point University: The College Years, 1924–1991. High Point University, 1995.

External links[edit]

Official website







v
t
e


Private colleges and universities in North Carolina






Barber-Scotia
Barton
Belmont Abbey
Bennett
Brevard
Campbell
Catawba
Charlotte Christian
Chowan
Davidson
Duke
Elon
Gardner–Webb
Greensboro
Guilford
High Point
Johnson C. Smith
John Wesley
Lees–McRae
Lenoir–Rhyne
Livingstone
Louisburg
Mars Hill
Meredith
Methodist
Mid-Atlantic Christian
Montreat
Mount Olive
North Carolina Wesleyan
Pfeiffer
Piedmont International
Queens
St. Andrews
St. Augustine's
Salem
Shaw
Southeastern Baptist
Southeastern Free Will Baptist
Warren Wilson
Wake Forest
William Peace
Wingate












v
t
e


Big South Conference



Full members



Campbell Fighting Camels and Lady Camels (football joining in 2018)
Charleston Southern Buccaneers
Gardner–Webb Runnin' Bulldogs
Longwood Lancers
Presbyterian Blue Hose





Non-football members



High Point Panthers
Liberty Flames and Lady Flames (Football ineligible in final FCS season in 2017 as program transitions to FBS)
Radford Highlanders
UNC Asheville Bulldogs
Winthrop Eagles





ASUN football alliance



Kennesaw State Owls
North Alabama Lions (joining in 2019)





Football-only members



Monmouth Hawks












v
t
e


International Association of Methodist-related Schools, Colleges, and Universities






Adrian
Alaska Pacific
Albion
Albright
Allegheny
American
Andrew
Baker
Baldwin Wallace
Bennett
Bethune-Cookman
Birmingham-Southern
Boston University
Brevard
Centenary (Louisiana)
Centenary University
Central Methodist
Claflin
Clark Atlanta
Columbia College (South Carolina)
Cornell College
Dakota Wesleyan
Denver
DePauw
Dickinson College
Dillard
Drew
Duke
Emory
Emory & Henry
Evansville
Ferrum
Florida Southern
Green Mountain
Greensboro
Hamline
Hendrix
High Point
Hiwassee
Huntingdon
Huston-Tillotson
Illinois Wesleyan
Indianapolis
Iowa Wesleyan
Kansas Wesleyan
Kendall
Kentucky Wesleyan
LaGrange
Lambuth
Lebanon Valley
Lindsey Wilson
Lon Morris
Louisburg
Lycoming
MacMurray
Martin Methodist
McKendree
McMurry
Meharry Medical
Methodist
Millsaps
Morningside
Mount Union
Nebraska Methodist
Nebraska Wesleyan
North Carolina Wesleyan
North Central
Northwestern University
Ohio Northern
Ohio Wesleyan
Oklahoma City
Otterbein
Oxford of Emory
Pacific
Paine
Pfeiffer
Puget Sound
Philander Smith
Randolph
Randolph-Macon
Reinhardt
Rocky Mountain
Rust
Shenandoah
Simpson College
Southern Methodist
Southwestern College (Kansas)
Southwestern University
Spartanburg Methodist
Syracuse
Tennessee Wesleyan
Texas Wesleyan
Union (Kentucky)
Virginia Wesleyan
Wesley College (Delaware)
Wesleyan College
West Virginia Wesleyan
Wiley
Willamette
Wofford
Young Harris










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=High_Point_University&oldid=791106320"					
Categories: High Point UniversityEducational institutions established in 1924High Point, North CarolinaLiberal arts colleges in North CarolinaUniversities and colleges accredited by the Southern Association of Colleges and SchoolsUniversities and colleges in Guilford County, North CarolinaUniversities and colleges in North Carolina1924 establishments in North CarolinaHidden categories: CS1 errors: datesAll articles with dead external linksArticles with dead external links from May 2017Pages with citations lacking titlesPages with citations having bare URLsUse mdy dates from September 2015Coordinates on WikidataInstances of Infobox university using image size 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


Español 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 18 July 2017, at 05:10.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









High Point University - Wikipedia






















 






High Point University

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search


High Point University





Former names

High Point College (1924–1991)


Motto
Nil Sine Numine (Latin)



Motto in English

Nothing Without Divine Guidance


Type
Private


Established
1924


Endowment
$42 million[1]


President
Nido Qubein



Academic staff

879[2]


Students
4,800


Undergraduates
4,500


Postgraduates
319[3]


Location
High Point, North Carolina, U.S.
35°58′27″N 79°59′44″W﻿ / ﻿35.9741251°N 79.9954946°W﻿ / 35.9741251; -79.9954946Coordinates: 35°58′27″N 79°59′44″W﻿ / ﻿35.9741251°N 79.9954946°W﻿ / 35.9741251; -79.9954946


Campus
Suburban
380 acres


Colors
Purple and white
         


Athletics
NCAA Division I – Big South


Nickname
Panthers


Affiliations
IAMSCU
NAICU


Sports
16 varsity sports


Mascot
Prowler the Panther


Website
www.highpoint.edu





High Point University is a private liberal arts university in High Point, North Carolina, U.S., affiliated with the United Methodist Church. Founded as High Point College in 1924, it became High Point University in October 1991. HPU offers 47 undergraduate majors, 51 undergraduate minors and 12 graduate-degree majors. High Point University was ranked No. 1 among all regional colleges in the south[4] and No. 1 for the most innovative regional colleges in the south[5] in the "America's Best Colleges" 2016 Edition, published by U.S News & World Report.



Contents


1 History
2 Location
3 Academics

3.1 Schools

3.1.1 David R. Hayworth College of Arts and Sciences
3.1.2 Stout School of Education
3.1.3 Earl N. Phillips School of Business
3.1.4 School of Art and Design
3.1.5 Congdon School of Health Sciences

3.1.5.1 Fred Wilson School of Pharmacy


3.1.6 Nido R. Qubein School of Communication
3.1.7 Norcross Graduate School


3.2 Academic programs

3.2.1 Bonner Leader Program
3.2.2 HPU Poll/Survey Research Center
3.2.3 Human Biomechanics and Physiology Lab
3.2.4 Media Fellows Program
3.2.5 Pre-professional Programs
3.2.6 Physician Assistant Program




4 Admissions
5 Student life

5.1 Career and professional development
5.2 Community Enrichment Series/Access to Innovators
5.3 Greek life


6 Honor societies
7 Special guest speakers

7.1 National Advisory Board


8 Notable alumni
9 Community involvement
10 Athletics
11 Publications and media
12 Sechrest Gallery
13 Controversy
14 References
15 External links



History[edit]




Roberts Hall at High Point University






Atlas sculpture at High Point University. Artist, Jon Hair






Cottrell Hall at High Point University


In the mid-19th century, the Methodist Protestant Church, which is now part of the United Methodist Church, became active in educational pursuits in North Carolina. In 1921, after some years of consideration, the statewide governing body of the Methodist Protestant Church voted to establish a college.[6] Shortly afterwards the church accepted an offer from the citizens of High Point to contribute 60 acres (240,000 m2) of land and $100,000 to the project, placing the new school in the city of High Point.[7] The campus was designed by R. E. Mitchell of Washington, D.C., assisted by Herbert Hunter of High Point, in the English Renaissance style. The school was founded in 1924 as High Point College, a joint venture between the Methodist Protestant Church and the citizens of High Point, and officially opened its doors on September 14, 1924. When the college opened, the campus consisted of three buildings, attended by nine faculty members, with a student enrollment of 122.


High Point University presidents














The steadfast growth that characterized the birth of the College ended abruptly with the Great Depression. This period was difficult for the College in 1932–33, as faculty salaries were cut and expenses were sometimes bartered. Despite a $50,000 fund raising campaign, the College declared bankruptcy on June 15, 1934 and reorganization in an effort to reduce its indebtedness.[8] Subsequent reorganization enabled the College to move forward with business and renewed expansion.
On October 9, 1991, under the guidance of President Dr. Jacob C. Martinson, Jr. and the Board of Trustees, High Point College changed its name to High Point University to reflect post-graduate degree programs. Coinciding with the offering of graduate studies, every building on the campus was renovated and new ones were constructed with a campus quadrangle added to replace a former city street that bisected the campus,[9] and by 2004 the University's endowment increased to $40 million. When Jacob C. Martinson, Jr. stepped down as President in 2005, he was the longest serving United Methodist college president in the country.
In 2005, the university was only 92 acres and landlocked with a total undergraduate enrollment of 1,450. The university's operating budget was only $35 million with approximately 100 faculty members.[10] Since Dr. Nido R. Qubein became President of High Point University in 2005 the growth of the university has had significant impact on the city, region and the state of North Carolina. Qubein is the fourth highest paid college president, paid $2.9 million a year, in the United States.[11][12]
The Chronicle of Higher Education Almanac, April 19, 2016 noted Nido R Qubein is the third highest donor university president in the country from 2006-2016. He committed $10 million to High Point University.[13] Donations from alumni, parents and supporters of HPU total about $214 million since 2006. In 2010, the university announced plans to invest about $2.1 billion in overall growth in the next decade. To date, High Point University has spent $1.2 billion on four new schools plus facilities, faculty and student services.[14]
Ashley Furniture Industries Chairman Ron Wanek donated $10 million to High Point University in 2013 after visiting HPU's president Dr. Nido R. Qubein. Wanek's gift to the university is the 10th contribution of $10 million or more that Qubein has received during his tenure.[14]
On September 14, 2014, the university celebrated its 90th anniversary.[15] As part of the commemoration, 90 facts about the university were featured in the News and Record on High Point University's Founders Day.[16] On January 3, 2015, Nido R. Qubein celebrated his 10th anniversary as president of High Point University.
In April 2016, High Point University announced plans to invest $160 million in new building projects [17] including a 5,000-seat arena and conference center, undergraduate science center and residence hall.
Location[edit]
Together, Greensboro, High Point, and Winston-Salem, along with the surrounding suburbs and townships, form the Piedmont Triad region, an area with a population over 1.5 million. Of that number, approximately 108,285 live in High Point. Both Greensboro and Winston-Salem are twenty minutes from campus. East of the University are Raleigh (1½ hours away) and the Atlantic Ocean (3½ hours away); south of the University are Charlotte (1½ hours away) and Atlanta, Georgia (5 hours away); west of the University are the Appalachian Mountains (2 hours away) and north is Washington, D.C. (5 hours away).
Academics[edit]




Main campus at High Point University


In 2015, High Point University had a student-to-faculty ratio of 14:1 and a student retention rate of 76.5%.[18] The average class size is fewer than 20 students and no teacher assistants instruct classes.
In 2015, High Point University was ranked #1 in the annual U.S. News & World Report Regional Colleges South rankings.[19] In the 2016 rankings released HPU ranks #1 Best Regional College in the South for the fourth consecutive year and #1 Most Innovative Regional College in the South.[20]
In the Forbes Magazine listing, "America's Top Colleges," High Point University was ranked 559th nationwide out of 650.[21] In August 2013, Affordable Colleges Online ranked High Point University No. 8 among 35 colleges in North Carolina based on the return on investment versus the cost of tuition and fees.[22]
High Point University offers day and evening undergraduate degree programs (Bachelor of Arts and Bachelor of Science) and evening graduate degree programs (Master of Education in Elementary Education, Master of Education in Educational Leadership, Master of Public Administration in Nonprofit Organization, Master of Business Administration, and Master of Science in Sports Studies). A doctoral degree in Educational Leadership began in the fall of 2012.
Schools[edit]
Schools at High Point include the David R. Hayworth College of Arts and Sciences, the Phillips School of Business, the Plato S. Wilson School of Commerce, the Nido R. Qubein School of Communication, the School of Art and Design, the School of Health Sciences, and the School of Education. A School of Pharmacy is projected to open in 2017.
David R. Hayworth College of Arts and Sciences[edit]
Majors housed in the College of Arts and Sciences include Actuarial Science, Biochemistry, Biology, Chemistry, Computer Science, Criminal Justice, English, French, History, Human Relations, International Relations, Mathematical Economics, Mathematics, Music, Profit Leadership Management, Physics, Philosophy, Physics, Political Science, Psychology, Religion, Sociology and Anthropology, Spanish and Theater. Beginning in the fall of 2010 almost all courses in the College of Arts and Sciences became four credit courses.
In recent years, the sciences at High Point University have made significant updates. Congdon Hall has added new office suites, classrooms and study spaces. The science departments have invested a quarter of a million dollars in new equipment to support scientific research and education on campus, including a $77,186 Institutional Development Grant from the North Carolina Biotechnology Center (NCBC) to purchase additional equipment for the cell culture lab.
The physics department was recently added as a member of the Small and Moderate Aperture Research Telescope System (SMARTS) Consortium, which operates four small telescopes at the Cerro Tololo Inter-American Observatory in Chile. In spring of 2015, High Point University physics students also had their proposal accepted to NASA’s Micro-g Neutral Buoyancy Experiment Design Teams program (Micro-g NExT)[23]
Stout School of Education[edit]
The Stout School of Education opened in August 2012. The building is 31,000-square-foot and includes smart boards, a children's book library, math and science touch screen games, a methods lab designed to look and feel like a real elementary school classroom, a Mac lab, and psychology research booths. Students have the option of majoring in Elementary Education, Health and PE, Middle Grades Education or Special Education. There is also a Master of Education in Educational Leadership and a Doctoral Degree Program in Educational Leadership.
On March 27, 2017 High Point University announced that the School of Education would be renamed to the Stout School of Education in recognition of Robert and Maggie Stout.[24]
Earl N. Phillips School of Business[edit]
The Earl N. Phillips School of Business (PSB) is a vibrant, growing school of business with academic majors including Accounting, Business Administration, Entrepreneurship, International Business, Marketing and Sales. Minors include Accounting, Business Administration, Economics, Entrepreneurship, Finance, Global Commerce, Marketing and Sales. The Philips School of Business hosts the Business Plan Competition and offers students many opportunities for internships, to hear from guest speakers, and experiential learning.
School of Art and Design[edit]
The School of Art and Design includes academic majors in Graphic Design, Interior Design, Studio Art and Visual Merchandising Design. Minors include Art History, Graphic Design, Furnishings and Product Marketing, Photography, Studio Art and Visual Merchandising Design. The Interior Design program is part of the Knabusch-Shoemaker International School of Home Furnishings and Interior Design and has two computer-assisted design (CAD) labs, a library and gallery to ehibit student work. The Interior Design Program is accredited by the Council for Interior Design Accreditation (CIDA).
Congdon School of Health Sciences[edit]
The new HPU School of Health Sciences and School of Pharmacy are currently two of the university's biggest illustrations of ongoing expansion. HPU has invested $80 million into a 170,000-square-foot building to house both programs.[14]
In 2016, High Point University received the largest National Institute of Health grant in university history. The grant will fund research to find ways to prevent ACL tears, which are most likely to occur in young female athletes.
Fred Wilson School of Pharmacy[edit]
High Point University is investing $100 million in a new, state-of-the-art facility built to house the School of Pharmacy and School of Health Science. The 65,000 square foot school is designed with the latest technology, retail pharmacy space, assessment suites, classrooms and teaching & research labs. The development of the School of Pharmacy is a part of High Point University's ten year, $1.2 billion investment in academic programs and facilities. The School of Pharmacy will accept its first professional class in 2016. By design, High Point University will have the smallest pharmacy class size in North Carolina (80) with a low student to faculty ratio (9:1).
Currently the School of Pharmacy is seeking accreditation by the Accreditation Council for Pharmacy Education (ACPE) and the Southern Association of Colleges and Schools Commission on Colleges (SACS-COC).
In 2012 Dr. Ronald Ragan accepted the position of Professor and Founding Dean of the School of Pharmacy at High Point University. He is responsible for the design and development of the new School of Pharmacy, including accreditation of the program and construction of a new Pharmacy Building. Dr. Ragan was recruited from the University of Kansas.[25] In addition to Dr. Ragan, the School of Pharmacy boasts notable faculty members Dr. Peter Gal - Associate Dean for Academic Affairs,[26] Dr. Earle Lingle - Associate Dean for Student and Professional Affairs,[27] Dr. Scott Hemby - Chair of Basic Pharmaceutical Sciences,[28] and Dr. Joy Greene - Assistant Dean for Experiential Education.[29]
High Point University's School of Pharmacy was recently featured in US Airways Magazine[30] and Our State Magazine.[31]
Nido R. Qubein School of Communication[edit]
The Nido Qubein School of Communication features two high definition television production studios, a multi-track audio recording studio, editing suites, computer labs and a high-definition surround sound theatre-screening room.
High Point University currently offers five concentrations including Electronic Media Production (Developing Audio and Video Productions), Game and Interactive Media Design, Journalism (Converged Broadcast, Online, and Print), Media and Popular Culture Studies (History, Criticism, and Analysis), Sport Communication Strategic Communication (Health Communication, Social Media, Advertising, and Public Relations). In the fall of 2015, the school will offer three new communication majors: a Bachelor of Arts in Communication with an emphasis in Sport Communication (Reporting, Broadcast Performance, and Multimedia Production), a Bachelor of Arts in Documentary Media and a Bachelor of Arts in Communication with an emphasis in Sport & Event Management (Marketing and Promotions, Community Relations, Facility and Operations, Compliance, Ticketing, and Development).
Annually, the top sixteen incoming communication majors are granted membership into High Point University's Media Fellows Program. The Media Fellows Program application is available to students who plan to major in Journalism, Electronic Media, Strategic Communication, Games and Interactive Design or Media and Popular Culture Studies.
High Point University also offers a five-year B.A. to M.A. degree in strategic communication with specializations in either health communication or public relations. Students begin graduate courses in their senior year with courses counting toward both their undergraduate and graduate degrees. They then spend one additional year taking graduate courses and earn a master's degree.
Communication majors have landed full-time positions and internships at companies such as National Air and Space Museum, Walt Disney World, Office Depot, Procter & Gamble, Seventeen magazine and many more.
In March 2015, High Point University announced that former Today Show producer Joe Michaels would be joining the Nido Qubein School of Communication as an artist-in-residence. Joe Michaels is a seven-time Emmy Award-winning director and a two-time Directors Guild of America Honoree. Other notable faculty in the School of Communication include Charisse McGhee-Lazarou, former vice president of Primetime Programming at NBC. David Neal, a 34-time Emmy Award-winning producer and Fox’s World Cup Coordinator serves on the Nido Qubein School of Communication advisory board.
In October 2016, High Point University’s event management program in the Nido R. Qubein School of Communication received international recognition as the best event management bachelor's degree and accepted the Haas & Wilkerson Pinnacle Gold Award at the 61st Annual International Festivals & Events Association Convention on Sept. 28 in Tucson, Arizona. The Pinnacle Awards recognize the quality, excellence, creativity and achievements of the festival and event industry, including the top bachelor’s, master’s and doctoral degrees in event management education. [32]
Norcross Graduate School[edit]
Norcross Graduate School at High Point University houses BA to MA/M.Ed programs (for undergraduate students only), Masters programs and Doctorate programs. BA to MA/M.Ed programs include Elementary Education (BA to M.Ed), Strategic Communication (BA to MA) and Special Education (BA to M.Ed). Masters programs include Business Administration (MBA), Education (M.Ed), Education (M.A.T), Physician Assistant Studies (MPAS) and Strategic Communication (MA). The Masters of Athletic Training (MSAT) is to come in 2017. Doctorate programs include Educational Leadership (Ed. D.), Doctor of Pharmacy (PharmD) and Doctor of Physical Therapy (DPT). Norcorss Graduate School also offers an add-on educational license for Educational Administration.
Academic programs[edit]
Bonner Leader Program[edit]
The Bonner Leader Program is a part of a nationwide network of 70+ colleges and universities affiliated with and guided by the Bonner Leader Foundation. The Bonner Leader Program at High Point University began during the 2013-2014 academic year. The program is composed of six juniors and seniors and two service learning faculty. The Bonner Leader Program is a four-year responsibility. Students commit to 5–7 hours of community service each week, culminating in over 200 hours of community service during each academic year.
HPU Poll/Survey Research Center[edit]
The Survey Research Center began at High Point University in March 2010. HPU Poll surveys people in North Carolina and other states about public affairs issues and reports the results as a public service. Since 2010, members of the HPU Poll have asked questions about approval of public officials in North Carolina and current political issues such as the economy, health care, education, and the threat of terrorism. For each High Point University Poll, the Survey Research Center staff posts press releases, summary memos that give details about survey methods and content, and presentations that highlight a selection of survey questions. HPU's Survey Research Center also supports faculty and student collaboration by managing and consulting on student-faculty research projects.
The Survey Research Center is based in the Nido Qubein School of Communication.
Human Biomechanics and Physiology Lab[edit]
The High Point University Human Biomechanics and Physiology Lab opened in November 2012 and contains a 3D motion analysis system for documenting how the body responds during individual movements using sensors, high-speed motion capture cameras, and force plates. Exercise science is now the third largest major on campus with Biology ranking number 5.
Media Fellows Program[edit]
Each year 16 incoming communication majors are granted membership into High Point University’s Media Fellows Program through the Nido R. Qubein School of Communication. Media Fellows live in a living-learning community their freshman year and have options to travel abroad. During their college career, Media Fellows also participate in summer internships at national media companies, participate in seminars related to their major and produce a Capstone project their senior year.
Pre-professional Programs[edit]
Pre-professional studies are also offered, leading to medical, dental, pharmacy, or physician assistant school, engineering, forestry school, law school, theological seminary, or other professional training.
Physician Assistant Program[edit]
In June 2015, High Point University welcomed its first class of students enrolled in the physician assistant program. Only 20 students were selected from a pool of 800 applicants and they will graduate in 2017.[33] The program will begin each summer and will span 27 months over 7 continuous semesters. In 2017, the program will be housed in HPU's new of Health Sciences and School of Pharmacy building. The program then will be able to expand to 35 students.
The course of study is divided into a 15-month didactic phase and a 12-month clinical phase. The Accreditation Review Commission on Education for the Physician Assistant granted Accreditation-Provisional status to the High Point University Physician Assistant Program sponsored by High Point University. Students will spend their first year largely in the classroom. In the second year, students will complete clinical work at High Point Regional Hospital, Novant Health Forsyth Medical Center in Winston-Salem, area Cornerstone Health Care offices and other group and private practices around the area.
High Point is the ninth North Carolina college to offer a physician assistant program. Two others are in the works, including one at UNC-Chapel Hill.[34] HPU's Physician Assistant program features a state of the art simulation lab featuring iStan, a high fidelity mannequin that can communicate, sweat, bleed, and respond to treatments.[35] Aside from the clinical simulation lab, the space also includes three real-life patient examination rooms, a traditional classroom, and a clinical skills lab.[36]
On June 7, 2015, the students participated in the traditional "white coat" ceremony to mark the beginning of their training.[37]
Admissions[edit]
In 2005, traditional undergraduate enrollment was 1,450. In 2013, High Point University welcomed 4,000 students to campus, an increase by 176 percent. Based on data gathered from the incoming class of 2012, approximately 8,200 applications were reviewed. There was a 54% acceptance rate, with 1,333 enrolling. 78% of the freshmen class applied Early Decision or Early Action. For the class of 2017, the mid-range SAT scores for high school seniors applying to the university was 1000 to 1200. The mean SAT range for Critical Reading and Math was 1100 and the mean ACT Composite score for entering freshmen was 24. The average GPA on a 4.0 scale was a 3.3 un-weighted. 80% of the class was made up of students who were from states outside of North Carolina, and the class represented 41 states and 20 countries.
In the class of 2014, there were 54 students who received the titles of either National Merit Scholars, valedictorians, salutatorians or high school student government presidents. 307 students had Advanced Placement Courses from high school, earning over 1272 credit hours in 23 different subjects. Several students earned the distinction of Eagle Scout or Gold Award recipient during high school, and there were 15 languages spoken fluently among the class. The top ten states represented by the class were North Carolina, Maryland, New Jersey, Massachusetts, New York, Pennsylvania, Connecticut, Virginia, Ohio and Florida. The class is 74% Caucasian, 6% African American, 3% Hispanic or Latin American, 1% Asian or Asian-American, and 16% Other.[38]
Student life[edit]
High Point University is a residential campus by design, with 19 residence halls in total. In 2015 Business Insider ranked High Point University #4 in the nation for best residence halls.[39] All High Point University students are required to reside on campus until they have reached senior status, unless they commute from their parent's permanent address.
High Point University has 12 dining locations on campus including 5 restaurants, Chick-fil-A, Subway, 3 convenience stores and 2 Starbucks. In November 2015 High Point University made Business Insider's list of the 20 colleges with the best dining halls.[40]
Career and professional development[edit]
The Office of Career and Professional Development at High Point University helps students explore their career interests, identify their strengths, and develop a plan that will prepare them for life after graduation. As a part of the Four Year Career Plan, HPU Career advisors help students with freshman career planning, establishing a LinkedIn profile, updating resumes, creating an effective cover letter, applying for graduate school and applying for internships and jobs. The Office of Career and Professional Development also offers an externship course aimed at second semester freshmen and sophomores seeking career-based experience and skill development.
Students who have utilized the Office of Career and Professional Development have landed internships at regional, national, and global organizations such as Ashley Furniture, CBS, CNN, Hearst Magazines, Living Social, Michael Kors, Microsoft, NASA, Vineyard Vines, Good Housekeeping, Paramount Studios, Pfizer Pharmaceuticals and more.
Community Enrichment Series/Access to Innovators[edit]
Students are provided with Access to Innovators, which has brought scores of world-renowned thought-leaders and speakers to campus, including Mitch Albom, Steve Forbes, Malcolm Gladwell, Seth Godin, John C. Maxwell, Thomas Friedman, Ken Dychtwald, and CNN Justice Correspondent Pamela Brown (journalist). Guest speakers are selected to provide students and the community the opportunity to understand diverse viewpoints, positions and backgrounds. Recently, Marc Randolph, the co-founder of Netflix.[41] and Biz Stone, the co-founder of Twitter.[42] While Marc was on campus he took part in a question-and-answer session titled “A Discussion with High Point University President Nido Qubein” and spent time in the Belk Entrepreneurship Center to review High Point University students’ business concepts. Biz also took part in a discussion with President Nido Qubein and spent time with communication and entrepreneurship students.
The Cultural Enrichment Series was named the Community Enrichment Series in 2014. Guests to campus in the 2014-2015 year included Dutch artist Theo Jansen, digital art pioneer Barbara Nessim, sports television announcer Bob Rathbun,[43] Navy Seal Rob O'Neill,[44] pianist Marvin Blickenstaff, and artist Mariyah Sultan.[45] These events are open to students, faculty, staff, and the surrounding community.
Most recently, High Point University announced that Steve Wozniak, the co-founder of Apple Inc. computer, has on a new role as High Point University’s Innovator in Residence.[46] Through an ongoing partnership, Wozniak will connect with HPU students and visited campus on March 23, 2016. The partnership with Steve Wozniak stems from High Point University's focus on providing access to innovators for students.[47]
High Point University also offers students the chance to expand their movie repertoire with the Faculty Film Series, which features faculty-selected films to be shown on campus in the Extraordinaire Cinema and Qubein Screening Room. Films included in the series connect with specific courses being taught on campus during the semester.
Greek life[edit]
There are currently 14 Greek organizations on campus governed by the following councils:
Panhellenic Council (NPC) - Alpha Chi Omega, Alpha Gamma Delta, Kappa Delta, Phi Mu, Sigma Sigma Sigma, Zeta Tau Alpha.
National Pan-Hellenic Council (NPHC) - Alpha Kappa Alpha, Delta Sigma Theta, Kappa Alpha Psi, Zeta Phi Beta.
Interfraternity Council (IFC) - Pi Kappa Phi, Beta Theta Pi, Kappa Alpha Order, Kappa Sigma.Sigma Nu, [48]
Many Greek students are University Ambassadors, Resident Assistants, Peer Mentors, Campus Activity Team members, and Presidential Scholars. Students at High Point University cannot become members of a Greek organization on campus until they have completed at least one semester. Recruitment begins in October and November and ends in January. Students must have at least a 2.5 GPA.
Honor societies[edit]
Honor societies at High Point University include the Order of the Lighted Lamp, Alpha Chi (both recognize academic achievement), Alpha Delta Omega (Human Relations), Beta Beta Beta (Biology), Sigma Delta Pi (Spanish), Pi Delta Phi (French), Phi Sigma Iota (Foreign Language), Lambda Pi Eta (Communications), Alpha Sigma Lambda (Adult Learners), Pi Sigma Alpha (Political Science), Kappa Delta Pi (Education), Delta Mu Delta (Business), Psi Chi (Psychology), Alpha Phi Sigma (Criminal Justice), Sigma Tau Delta (International English Honors Society), and Alpha Lambda Delta.
In April 2015, 254 students were inducted into High Point University's newest honor society, Alpha Lambda Delta. The mission of Alpha Lambda Delta is to encourage superior academic achievement, to promote intelligent living and a high standard of learning, and to assist students in recognizing and developing meaningful goals in society.
Special guest speakers[edit]
In recent years, the school has brought high-profile speakers to campus for commencement, including former President George W. Bush, former President Bill Clinton, former New York mayor Rudolph Giuliani, televangelist pioneer the Rev. Robert Schuller, Queen Noor of Jordan, U.S. Supreme Court Justice Clarence Thomas, astronaut and children's book author Buzz Aldrin, Coca-Cola Company Chairman and CEO Muhtar Kent, the former U.S. First Lady Laura Bush, and Steve Wozniak, the co-founder of Apple.
Colin L. Powell was selected as the 2014 Commencement speaker. Prior to his appearance on campus, Colin Powell gained the university and city of High Point national publicity. The news network CNN ranked High Point University and Colin Powell’s address as fifth in the country for a segment titled "2014’s Big-Name College Commencement Speakers."[49] The morning of commencement, ABC News streamed the entirety of High Point University's graduation ceremony live on their news website. Additionally, The Huffington Post featured a video of Powell's commencement speech citing key pieces of advice he shared with the High Point University Class of 2014 on May 3.[50]
In August 2014, High Point University announced that the distinguished journalist Tom Brokaw, best known as the anchor and managing editor for NBC Nightly News,[51] would be the 2015 commencement speaker. Before the commencement weekend, he made USA Today's list of 'Most Prominent College Graduation Speakers of 2015'.[52] The Huffington Post highlighted Brokaw's speech[53] which urged High Point University graduates to be a new generation that sees past race, gender and superficial lines that divide.
In May 2016, Condoleezza Rice, 66th Secretary of State, served as the Commencement speaker.[54] High Point University President Nido Qubein believes that "Secretary Rice has served this country in measurable ways through her work in our nation’s capital, in free enterprise, in academia and in efforts to improve education for children. She embodies the American spirit and its core values, which we proudly celebrate on our campus." [55] Condoleezza Rice joined President Nido Qubein in a question-and-answer session on Friday, May 6 and addressed the Class of 2016 at High Point University's Commencement ceremony on Saturday, May 7, 2016.[56]
In August 2016, High Point University announced that journalist and television news anchor Wolf Blitzer of CNN's The Situation Room will serve as the 2017 Commencement Speaker.
Throughout the years, other special guests have included former President Bill Clinton, social and political analyst Armstrong Williams, baseball hall of fame recipient Cal Ripken Jr., author Chris Gardner, Olympic gold medalist Jennifer Azzi, former George W. Bush advisor Karl Rove, Grammy award-winning singer Lee Greenwood, physician Patch Adams, and best-selling author Stedman Graham. Local speakers include North Carolina governor Pat McCrory and Richard Childress, president and CEO of Richard Childress Racing. Speakers have also included Tony award-winning composer Charles Strouse and Steve Harvey.
HPU welcomed Chancellor of UNC Chapel Hill, Carol Folt who was interviewed by president Nido Qubein for UNCTV. HPU also welcomed Stanford University professor, TED speaker and author, Carol Dweck, who was interviewed by president Qubein on her research and book "Mindset" which focuses on the idea of Growth Mindset.
In February 2017, Apple Co-Founder and HPU Innovator in Residence, Steve Wozniak, was welcomed back to campus to speak with students, faculty, staff and members of the community about a variety of topics.[57]
National Advisory Board[edit]
The National Board of Advisors is composed of Fortune 500 CEOs and thought leaders who have impacted the United States of America and the world in significant ways. Most recently, HPU announced they have appointed Anthony Atala[58] of Wake Forest Institute for Regenerative Medicine[59] to their National Board of Advisors.
Other distinguished members include General Colin Powell and Steve Wozniak,[60] Dr. James Moeser, chancellor emeritus at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill; Ron Wanek, founder and chairman of Ashley Furniture; Marty Flanagan, president and CEO of Invesco Ltd.; Kelly King, chairman and CEO of BB&T; Bonnie McElveen-Hunter, CEO & Owner of Pace Communications, Chairwoman of the American Red Cross and former U.S. Ambassador to Finland; Kurt L. Darrow, President and CEO of La-Z-Boy; Rich Handler, CEO and Director of Leucadia and CEO and Chairman of the Board for Jeffries Group; Tim Belk, chairman and CEO of Belk Stores, and David King, CEO of LabCorp.
Notable alumni[edit]

Nido R. Qubein - Seventh president of High Point University, businessman, motivational speaker, author
Cody Allen - Major League Baseball pitcher for the Cleveland Indians. Drafted in the 23rd Round of the 2011 Major League Baseball Draft
Elizabeth Carty - Miss North Carolina Teen USA
Chris Cottrell – Lincoln Memorial University Assistant Men's Basketball Coach
Dick Culler – Major League Baseball player
Julia Dalton - Miss North Carolina USA
Austin Dillon – NASCAR Sprint Cup Series driver, 2011 NASCAR Camping World Truck Series Champion, 2013 NASCAR Nationwide Series Champion
Lauch Faircloth – Former United States Senator (R-NC)
Donna Fargo – Grammy-winning country music singer/songwriter
Issa Konare – PBL Basketball player for the Vermont Frost Heaves and plays for Senegal's national team
Gene Littles – Former ABA basketball player and NBA coach
Jack Lucas – Youngest Marine to receive the Congressional Medal of Honor
Donald Marriott - N.C. State Tennis Champion 2003
Robert "50" Martin – professional basketball player Atlanta Vision; former And1 streetballer
Robert R. Merhige, Jr. - A federal judge for the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Virginia who is known for his ruling on desegregation in the 1970s.
Taylor Milne – Canadian Olympian in the 1500 metres
Arizona Reid – Professional basketball player for the San Miguel Beerman
Jaime Schultz - baseball player[61]
Tubby Smith – NCAA coach and assistant coach of the 2000 U.S. Men's Basketball Team
John Taylor - star of the Emmy Award-nominated weight loss series Too Fat for 15: Fighting Back, and New Jersey's State Teacher of the Year for 2016[62]

Community involvement[edit]
In 2011, students in the High Point University School of Education partnered with The Montlieu Academy of Technology in High Point to allow students the opportunity to use iPads in the classroom. The iPads given to the school were funded by High Point University, Businesses for Excellence in Education, the William B. Millis Fund of the High Point Community Foundation and the Joseph M. Bryan Foundation.
In 2014, an article in The High Point Enterprise stated that the iPads donated to Montlieu Academy had positive results.[63]
In 2015 High Point University President Nido Qubein announced that HPU would make the lead gift of $100,000 for a local YMCA Splash Park. The Splash Park will give children in the High Point community a place to stay cool and healthy over the summer. In 2016, the Charl Chavis YMCA in High Point hosted the grand opening of the Splash Park where HPU dedicated the park in honor of Carlvena Foster, executive director of the YMCA and a High Point University alumna.[64]
High Point University and High Point Regional Hospital announced in February 2016 that they have "partnered the creation of the Community Rehabilitation Clinic- a clinic to treat the insured and the uninsured populations with a variety of physical therapy and rehabilitation needs."
In the summer of 2016, HPU graduate Brandon Holder spoke as part of TedxGreensboro about finding his passion and developing a solar-powered water purification system to help bring water to developing nations. His organization is called "Water the World: Live Locally. Give Globally."
In late September 2016, The HPU Department of Physics hosted their third annual "HPUniverse Day" which invites local children and their families to campus for activities focused on science, astronomy, space exploration and more. In 2016, nearly 1,000 people attended the event/ Giving children the opportunity to enjoy science but also consider it as a field of work someday is part of the event's goal, according to lead organizer Dr. Brad Barlow, assistant professor of astrophysics. [65]
For the sixth consecutive year, High Point University hosted its annual Community Christmas Celebration, welcoming more than 20,000 community members and their families. Visitors experience music, entertainment, falling snow, meeting Santa, arts and crafts, a petting zoo, train rides, food and drinks, thousands of lights and beautiful holiday decorations. This event is free of charge to the community.[66]
Athletics[edit]
Main article: High Point Panthers
The High Point Panthers include HPU's 16 athletic teams that compete at the NCAA Division I level, mostly in the Big South Conference. HPU's 16 varsity sports are baseball, men's and women's basketball, men's and women's cross country, men's and women's golf, men's and women's lacrosse, men's and women's soccer, men's and women's indoor track & field, men's and women's outdoor track & field and women's volleyball. In recent years, HPU has won nine Big South Conference Championships, produced 10 Conference Players of the Year; and more than 130 HPU athletes have received Big South All-Academic Honors.
The 2010–11 season was the most successful since High Point University joined NCAA Division I in 1999–2000. In the fall, the women's soccer team and women's volleyball team won Big South Tournaments and the men's soccer team won the Big South regular season.[67] In the spring, the women's lacrosse team won the National Lacrosse Conference tournament and set a record for wins by a first-year program, with 15.[68]
The 2010-2011 women's lacrosse team success led to other accomplishments in 2013. The assistant women's lacrosse coach Lauren Norris was selected to coach the 2013 Israel National Lacrosse Team in the 2013 FIL Women's World Cup.
In the fourth round of the 2013 Major League Soccer (MLS) Supplemental Draft, the Columbus Crew picked High Point University senior midfielder Shawn Sloan.
High Point University also fields the following sports at the club level: men's and women's basketball, men's and women's golf, men's and women's lacrosse, men's and women's rowing, running, men's and women's soccer, men's and women's swimming, men's and women's tennis, women's field hockey, softball, ultimate frisbee, equestrian and ice hockey.[69]
In the fall of 2013, the High Point University field hockey team qualified for the national tournament in Virginia Beach with a 6-2-0 season. The club equestrian team is a member of the Intercollegiate Horse Show Association (IHSA).
Donations to High Point University's Athletic Department have exceeded $30 million. The primary athletics facilities at High Point University are the Millis Center (basketball, volleyball), Williard Stadium (baseball) and the Witcher Athletic Center at Vert Stadium (track, soccer, lacrosse).[70]
In May 2009, former University of North Carolina captain Scott Cherry was named head coach of men's basketball.
High Point University broke ground on a 31,500 square-foot facility in 2013. The facility will house a 120-seat academic center as well as athletic training rooms. The newest building on campus will also include new locker rooms and lounges for men's and women's lacrosse and soccer teams, as well as offices for coaches and support staff members.
In May 2014, High Point University announced the appointment of Dan Hauser as the new Athletic Director, effective July 1, 2014. Hauser has spent the last eight years as Senior Associate Athletic Director at Ohio University. He previously served as Director of Marketing at Wake Forest University.
In July 2016, The Big South announced the 2015-2016 Presidential Honor Roll, where High Point University Athletics had the highest percentage of 3.0 GPAs.[71]
At the beginning of 2017, High Point University announced plans for a new basketball arena and conference center to be built on campus. The facility will be named for High Point University president, Dr. Nido R. Qubein and his wife, Mariana Qubein. Construction is to begin in 2018 and it is projected to open in 2020.[72]
It was also announced in early 2017 that the basketball court in the new arena will be named for University of Memphis Head Coach and High Point University alumni, Tubby Smith. Orlando, "Tubby" Smith and his wife, Donna Smith, generously donated $1 million to the construction of the new facility.[73]
Publications and media[edit]

High Point University Magazine, for alumni
The Apogee, the literary magazine
Black Script
Campus Chronicle, rated one of the Top 20 campus newspapers in the United States by the American Scholastic Press Association
HPU Radio, student produced and broadcast via Hpuradio.com
Zenith, yearbook
"HPU Sports Link", Broadcasts HPU athletics live online

In May 2013, HPU graduates Collin Smith and Ernest Greene were featured on ABC World News Tonight with Diane Sawyer, Good Morning America, and Fox & Friends Christmas Special. Smith was a three-sport athlete in high school before a car accident left him paralyzed from the chest down. Greene was a member of Smith's church when the accident occurred and volunteered his time throughout Smith's college career to help him get ready for school and take notes during his classes. Smith graduated in 2013 and Greene received an honorary degree during the Commencement Ceremony.
In Fall 2013, High Point University President Nido R. Qubein made a live appearance on CNBC's Squawk Box to discuss the American Dream and the importance of a holistic education.
Sechrest Gallery[edit]
A permanent collection of original works donated to the University by High Point Alumnus Darrell L. Sechrest. Among others, the permanent collection includes works by Christian Dietrich, Sir Lawrence Alma-Tadema, Sir Joshua Reynolds, Allesandro Gherardini, El Greco, George Harvey, Emile Louis Picault, Elsie Popkin, and Antonio Zucchi and Angelica Kauffman. The gallery is housed within the Hayworth Fine Arts Center.[74]
Controversy[edit]
Since taking office in 2005, President Nido Qubein has been adding campus buildings and creating student amenities such as concierge services, an on-campus steak house, free carwashes, and an icecream truck.[75] In early 2012 Businessweek reported that about $700 million in new building and campus upgrades was financed by heavy borrowing and Moody's Investors Service downgraded the school’s bonds to junk status in 2009 due to the school's position as one of the most heavily leveraged colleges in the country.[75] The U.S. Department of Education's "financial responsibility" score for the 2012 and 2013 fiscal year has High Point University scoring the highest possible score of 3, putting the university ahead of Elon University, Duke University, and Davidson College.[76] Businessweek responded by inviting the school to make financial documents available to support any challenges to the article's accuracy, but none were offered in response.[75] In addition to questioning debt levels, Businessweek challenged whether the school's relationships with its lenders and vendors were at an appropriate arm's length, citing in particular that the school spends large marketing dollars with a public relations firm headed by the president's daughter. The college's claims to a growing reputation in higher education were challenged as being based more on high-end student amenities and marketing strategy than on solid academics.[75]
References[edit]


^ As of June 30, 2011. "U.S. and Canadian Institutions Listed by Fiscal Year 2011 Endowment Market Value and Percentage Change in Endowment Market Value from FY 2010 to FY 2011" (PDF). 2011 NACUBO-Commonfund Study of Endowments. National Association of College and University Business Officers. Retrieved June 16, 2011. 
^ [1], High Point University
^ "High Point University". Retrieved August 15, 2015. 
^ "Regional College South Rankings | Top Regional Colleges South | US News Best Colleges". colleges.usnews.rankingsandreviews.com. Retrieved 2016-05-27. 
^ "Most Innovative Schools | Regional Colleges South | US News Best Colleges". colleges.usnews.rankingsandreviews.com. Retrieved 2016-05-27. 
^ Sizemore, F. J., ed. The Buildings and the Builders of a City: High Point, North Carolina. High Point: Hall Printing Company, 1947. p. 318-319
^ Robinson, Blackwell P., and Alexander R. Stoesen. The History of Guilford County, North Carolina, U.S.A. to 1980, A.D. Greensboro: The Guilford County Bicentennial Commission, 1980. p. 233
^ Robinson, Blackwell P., and Alexander R. Stoesen. "The History of Guilford County, North Carolina, U.S.A. To 1980, A.D." Greensboro: The Guilford County Bicentennial Commission, 1980. p. 235
^ https://web.archive.org/web/20040928204703/http://www.high-point.net/edc/2002annrpt.pdf%7C High Point Economic Development Corporation Website
^ "Rhino Times - June 19, 2014". Archived from the original on November 29, 2014. Retrieved August 15, 2015. 
^ StartClass, Nido Qubien -- High Point University #4, Retrieved December 14, 2015, "...Total Compensation: $2,909,148.."
^ Jean Stancill, December 8, 2015, News & Observer, The president of High Point University ranked as the third highest-paid university president in the country, according to a Chronicle of Higher Education report on 2013 data, Retrieved December 14, 2015, "....."
^ Kambhampati, Sandhya. "32 Leaders of Private Colleges Earned More Than $1 Million in 2013". The Chronicle of Higher Education. The Chronicle of Higher Education. Retrieved December 6, 2015. 
^ a b c "Can High Point University fly higher?". Triad Business Journal. May 23, 2014. Retrieved August 15, 2015. 
^ "Page Not Found - HP® Official Site". Archived from the original on December 18, 2014. Retrieved August 15, 2015. 
^ john.newsom@news-record.com, John Newsom. "HPU delves into past for 90th birthday". Retrieved February 26, 2017. 
^ "High Point University unveils plan to 'lead the way' with $160M in new building projects - Greensboro - Triad Business Journal". Triad Business Journal. Retrieved 2016-05-27. 
^ http://colleges.usnews.rankingsandreviews.com/best-colleges/high-point-university-2933
^ http://colleges.usnews.rankingsandreviews.com/best-colleges/rankings/regional-colleges-south
^ http://colleges.usnews.rankingsandreviews.com/best-colleges/high-point-university-198695/overall-rankings
^ "America's Top Colleges". Forbes. Retrieved August 15, 2015. 
^ "Online Colleges in North Carolina - AffordableCollegesOnline.org". Retrieved August 15, 2015. 
^ "NASA invites High Point University students to test device". Greensboro News & Record. Retrieved August 15, 2015. 
^ "Couple donates $5 million to HPU". The High Point Enterprise. Retrieved 3.27.17.  Check date values in: |access-date= (help)
^ "School of Pharmacy associate dean leaving KU for top spot with new program". Retrieved August 15, 2015. 
^ High Point University. "HPU Welcomes Gal as Associate Dean for Academic Affairs for the School of Pharmacy". High Point University. Retrieved August 15, 2015. 
^ High Point University. "School of Pharmacy Welcomes Lingle as Associate Dean". High Point University. Retrieved August 15, 2015. 
^ High Point University. "Hemby Joins School of Pharmacy". High Point University. Retrieved August 15, 2015. 
^ High Point University. "Greene Joins School of Pharmacy". High Point University. Retrieved August 15, 2015. 
^ High Point University. "ISSUU - High Point University Feature in US Airways Magazine by High Point University". Issuu. Retrieved August 15, 2015. 
^ High Point University. "ISSUU - Our State Magazine HPU Feature October 2013 by High Point University". Issuu. Retrieved August 15, 2015. 
^ "Past Pinnacle Winners". Retrieved February 26, 2017. 
^ "High Point University welcomes first students in physician assistant program - Greensboro - Triad Business Journal". Triad Business Journal. June 5, 2015. Retrieved August 15, 2015. 
^ "High Point University starts physician assistant program". Winston-Salem Journal. Retrieved August 15, 2015. 
^ HPU's PA Program Opens State of the Art Simulation Lab. YouTube. May 14, 2014. Retrieved August 15, 2015. 
^ "Meet Stan. He cries, sweats, talks and pees. And he's a mannequin". Retrieved August 15, 2015. 
^ University, High Point (2015-06-07). "HPU Hosts Inaugural White Coat Ceremony and Welcomes First Class of PA Students - High Point University". High Point University. Retrieved 2016-05-15. 
^ High Point University. "Freshmen Class Profile". High Point University - Undergraduate Admissions. Retrieved August 15, 2015. 
^ "The 30 colleges with the best dorms". Retrieved February 26, 2017. 
^ "The 20 colleges with the best dining halls". Retrieved February 26, 2017. 
^ REPORT, ENTERPRISE STAFF. "Netflix co-founder to visit HPU". Retrieved February 26, 2017. 
^ "Twitter (NYSE: TWTR) co-founder Biz Stone to speak at High Point University - Greensboro - Triad Business Journal". Triad Business Journal. Retrieved 2016-05-27. 
^ "Sportscaster Bob Rathbun Shares Industry Expertise at HPU". Retrieved August 15, 2015. 
^ "Page Not Found - HP® Official Site". Archived from the original on February 24, 2015. Retrieved August 15, 2015. 
^ David Ford. "Sechrest Gallery Presents "Elemental Emulsions: Mariyah Sultan Paintings"". Retrieved August 15, 2015. 
^ University, High Point. "Apple Co-Founder Steve Wozniak Becomes HPU's Innovator in Residence". GlobeNewswire News Room. Retrieved 2016-05-27. 
^ "Steve Wozniak named Innovator in Residence at High Point University". Retrieved February 26, 2017. 
^ High Point University. "Greek Life". Greek Life. Retrieved August 15, 2015. 
^ Jamie Gumbrecht, CNN (April 25, 2014). "College commencement speakers for 2014 announced - CNN.com". CNN. Retrieved August 15, 2015. 
^ "Congress Needs To Stop And Listen To Colin Powell's Commencement Speech (VIDEO)". The Huffington Post. Retrieved August 15, 2015. 
^ [2][dead link]
^ "Most prominent college commencement speakers of 2015 - USA TODAY College". USA TODAY College. Retrieved August 15, 2015. 
^ "Tom Brokaw: We Can't Fulfill America's Promise If We Are Blinded By Color". The Huffington Post. Retrieved August 15, 2015. 
^ REPORTS, STAFF. "Condoleezza Rice to speak at HPU graduation". Retrieved February 26, 2017. 
^ Journal, Jordan Howse/Winston-Salem. "Condoleezza Rice to speak at HPU graduation". Retrieved February 26, 2017. 
^ Hill, Jarred. "Condoleezza Rice speaks at HPU graduation". WXII12. Retrieved 2016-05-27. 
^ Yahoo Finance. Yahoo Finance http://finance.yahoo.com/news/apple-co-founder-steve-wozniak-172956871.html. Retrieved 3/10/17.  Check date values in: |access-date= (help); Missing or empty |title= (help)
^ Anthony Atala. "Anthony Atala: Growing new organs - TED Talk - TED.com". Retrieved August 15, 2015. 
^ High Point University. "National Board of Advisors Adds Dr. Anthony Atala". High Point University. Retrieved August 15, 2015. 
^ Reports, Staff. "Colin Powell, Steve Wozniak join new High Point University board". Retrieved February 26, 2017. 
^ "Schultz selects D-1 baseball". troyrecord.com. Retrieved April 10, 2015. 
^ "Jersey City educator named N.J. charter school teacher of the year". www.nj.com. Retrieved 2016-07-23. 
^ "Page Not Found - HP® Official Site". Archived from the original on September 18, 2014. Retrieved August 15, 2015. 
^ University, High Point (2016-05-12). "Carl Chavis YMCA Opens Splash Park for Children in High Point - High Point University". High Point University. Retrieved 2016-05-27. 
^ University, High Point. "Science Comes to Life at HPUniverse Day for Local Children - High Point University - - High Point University - High Point, NC". Retrieved February 26, 2017. 
^ O'Connell, Elaina (December 14, 2016). "High Point University Hosts Annual Community Christmas". TWC News. TWC News. Retrieved February 7, 2017. 
^ High Point University Panthers - High Point leads Sasser Cup standings after fall. Highpointpanthers.com (2010-12-01). Retrieved on 2013-08-09.
^ High Point University Panthers - HPU women's lacrosse finishes season with loss to No. 2 UNC. Highpointpanthers.com (2011-05-06). Retrieved on 2013-08-09.
^ High Point University Panthers - Club Sports at HPU. Highpointpanthers.com. Retrieved on 2013-08-09.
^ "High Point University Panthers - HPU dedicates Witcher Athletic Center". High Point University. Retrieved August 15, 2015. 
^ "Big South Announces 2015-16 Presidential Honor Roll". Retrieved February 26, 2017. 
^ Newsom, John (January 30, 2017). "High Point University details plans for basketball arena, conference center". Winston-Salem Journal. Retrieved February 7, 2017. 
^ Staff, Web (February 7, 2017). "High Point University to name new basketball court after Tubby Smith". Fox 8. Fox 8. Retrieved February 7, 2017. 
^ "High Point University" (PDF). Retrieved August 15, 2015. 
^ a b c d "BubbleU: High Point University", Bloomberg Businessweek, April 19, 2012
^ "Financial Responsibility Composite Scores". Retrieved August 15, 2015. 



Loy, Gary, High Point University 90th Anniversary Photo Book. Lulu Press, 2014.
McCaslin, Dr. Richard B., Remembered Be Thy Blessings: High Point University: The College Years, 1924–1991. High Point University, 1995.

External links[edit]

Official website







v
t
e


Private colleges and universities in North Carolina






Barber-Scotia
Barton
Belmont Abbey
Bennett
Brevard
Campbell
Catawba
Charlotte Christian
Chowan
Davidson
Duke
Elon
Gardner–Webb
Greensboro
Guilford
High Point
Johnson C. Smith
John Wesley
Lees–McRae
Lenoir–Rhyne
Livingstone
Louisburg
Mars Hill
Meredith
Methodist
Mid-Atlantic Christian
Montreat
Mount Olive
North Carolina Wesleyan
Pfeiffer
Piedmont International
Queens
St. Andrews
St. Augustine's
Salem
Shaw
Southeastern Baptist
Southeastern Free Will Baptist
Warren Wilson
Wake Forest
William Peace
Wingate












v
t
e


Big South Conference



Full members



Campbell Fighting Camels and Lady Camels (football joining in 2018)
Charleston Southern Buccaneers
Gardner–Webb Runnin' Bulldogs
Longwood Lancers
Presbyterian Blue Hose





Non-football members



High Point Panthers
Liberty Flames and Lady Flames (Football ineligible in final FCS season in 2017 as program transitions to FBS)
Radford Highlanders
UNC Asheville Bulldogs
Winthrop Eagles





ASUN football alliance



Kennesaw State Owls
North Alabama Lions (joining in 2019)





Football-only members



Monmouth Hawks












v
t
e


International Association of Methodist-related Schools, Colleges, and Universities






Adrian
Alaska Pacific
Albion
Albright
Allegheny
American
Andrew
Baker
Baldwin Wallace
Bennett
Bethune-Cookman
Birmingham-Southern
Boston University
Brevard
Centenary (Louisiana)
Centenary University
Central Methodist
Claflin
Clark Atlanta
Columbia College (South Carolina)
Cornell College
Dakota Wesleyan
Denver
DePauw
Dickinson College
Dillard
Drew
Duke
Emory
Emory & Henry
Evansville
Ferrum
Florida Southern
Green Mountain
Greensboro
Hamline
Hendrix
High Point
Hiwassee
Huntingdon
Huston-Tillotson
Illinois Wesleyan
Indianapolis
Iowa Wesleyan
Kansas Wesleyan
Kendall
Kentucky Wesleyan
LaGrange
Lambuth
Lebanon Valley
Lindsey Wilson
Lon Morris
Louisburg
Lycoming
MacMurray
Martin Methodist
McKendree
McMurry
Meharry Medical
Methodist
Millsaps
Morningside
Mount Union
Nebraska Methodist
Nebraska Wesleyan
North Carolina Wesleyan
North Central
Northwestern University
Ohio Northern
Ohio Wesleyan
Oklahoma City
Otterbein
Oxford of Emory
Pacific
Paine
Pfeiffer
Puget Sound
Philander Smith
Randolph
Randolph-Macon
Reinhardt
Rocky Mountain
Rust
Shenandoah
Simpson College
Southern Methodist
Southwestern College (Kansas)
Southwestern University
Spartanburg Methodist
Syracuse
Tennessee Wesleyan
Texas Wesleyan
Union (Kentucky)
Virginia Wesleyan
Wesley College (Delaware)
Wesleyan College
West Virginia Wesleyan
Wiley
Willamette
Wofford
Young Harris










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=High_Point_University&oldid=791106320"					
Categories: High Point UniversityEducational institutions established in 1924High Point, North CarolinaLiberal arts colleges in North CarolinaUniversities and colleges accredited by the Southern Association of Colleges and SchoolsUniversities and colleges in Guilford County, North CarolinaUniversities and colleges in North Carolina1924 establishments in North CarolinaHidden categories: CS1 errors: datesAll articles with dead external linksArticles with dead external links from May 2017Pages with citations lacking titlesPages with citations having bare URLsUse mdy dates from September 2015Coordinates on WikidataInstances of Infobox university using image size 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


Español 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 18 July 2017, at 05:10.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









High Point University - Wikipedia






















 






High Point University

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search


High Point University





Former names

High Point College (1924–1991)


Motto
Nil Sine Numine (Latin)



Motto in English

Nothing Without Divine Guidance


Type
Private


Established
1924


Endowment
$42 million[1]


President
Nido Qubein



Academic staff

879[2]


Students
4,800


Undergraduates
4,500


Postgraduates
319[3]


Location
High Point, North Carolina, U.S.
35°58′27″N 79°59′44″W﻿ / ﻿35.9741251°N 79.9954946°W﻿ / 35.9741251; -79.9954946Coordinates: 35°58′27″N 79°59′44″W﻿ / ﻿35.9741251°N 79.9954946°W﻿ / 35.9741251; -79.9954946


Campus
Suburban
380 acres


Colors
Purple and white
         


Athletics
NCAA Division I – Big South


Nickname
Panthers


Affiliations
IAMSCU
NAICU


Sports
16 varsity sports


Mascot
Prowler the Panther


Website
www.highpoint.edu





High Point University is a private liberal arts university in High Point, North Carolina, U.S., affiliated with the United Methodist Church. Founded as High Point College in 1924, it became High Point University in October 1991. HPU offers 47 undergraduate majors, 51 undergraduate minors and 12 graduate-degree majors. High Point University was ranked No. 1 among all regional colleges in the south[4] and No. 1 for the most innovative regional colleges in the south[5] in the "America's Best Colleges" 2016 Edition, published by U.S News & World Report.



Contents


1 History
2 Location
3 Academics

3.1 Schools

3.1.1 David R. Hayworth College of Arts and Sciences
3.1.2 Stout School of Education
3.1.3 Earl N. Phillips School of Business
3.1.4 School of Art and Design
3.1.5 Congdon School of Health Sciences

3.1.5.1 Fred Wilson School of Pharmacy


3.1.6 Nido R. Qubein School of Communication
3.1.7 Norcross Graduate School


3.2 Academic programs

3.2.1 Bonner Leader Program
3.2.2 HPU Poll/Survey Research Center
3.2.3 Human Biomechanics and Physiology Lab
3.2.4 Media Fellows Program
3.2.5 Pre-professional Programs
3.2.6 Physician Assistant Program




4 Admissions
5 Student life

5.1 Career and professional development
5.2 Community Enrichment Series/Access to Innovators
5.3 Greek life


6 Honor societies
7 Special guest speakers

7.1 National Advisory Board


8 Notable alumni
9 Community involvement
10 Athletics
11 Publications and media
12 Sechrest Gallery
13 Controversy
14 References
15 External links



History[edit]




Roberts Hall at High Point University






Atlas sculpture at High Point University. Artist, Jon Hair






Cottrell Hall at High Point University


In the mid-19th century, the Methodist Protestant Church, which is now part of the United Methodist Church, became active in educational pursuits in North Carolina. In 1921, after some years of consideration, the statewide governing body of the Methodist Protestant Church voted to establish a college.[6] Shortly afterwards the church accepted an offer from the citizens of High Point to contribute 60 acres (240,000 m2) of land and $100,000 to the project, placing the new school in the city of High Point.[7] The campus was designed by R. E. Mitchell of Washington, D.C., assisted by Herbert Hunter of High Point, in the English Renaissance style. The school was founded in 1924 as High Point College, a joint venture between the Methodist Protestant Church and the citizens of High Point, and officially opened its doors on September 14, 1924. When the college opened, the campus consisted of three buildings, attended by nine faculty members, with a student enrollment of 122.


High Point University presidents














The steadfast growth that characterized the birth of the College ended abruptly with the Great Depression. This period was difficult for the College in 1932–33, as faculty salaries were cut and expenses were sometimes bartered. Despite a $50,000 fund raising campaign, the College declared bankruptcy on June 15, 1934 and reorganization in an effort to reduce its indebtedness.[8] Subsequent reorganization enabled the College to move forward with business and renewed expansion.
On October 9, 1991, under the guidance of President Dr. Jacob C. Martinson, Jr. and the Board of Trustees, High Point College changed its name to High Point University to reflect post-graduate degree programs. Coinciding with the offering of graduate studies, every building on the campus was renovated and new ones were constructed with a campus quadrangle added to replace a former city street that bisected the campus,[9] and by 2004 the University's endowment increased to $40 million. When Jacob C. Martinson, Jr. stepped down as President in 2005, he was the longest serving United Methodist college president in the country.
In 2005, the university was only 92 acres and landlocked with a total undergraduate enrollment of 1,450. The university's operating budget was only $35 million with approximately 100 faculty members.[10] Since Dr. Nido R. Qubein became President of High Point University in 2005 the growth of the university has had significant impact on the city, region and the state of North Carolina. Qubein is the fourth highest paid college president, paid $2.9 million a year, in the United States.[11][12]
The Chronicle of Higher Education Almanac, April 19, 2016 noted Nido R Qubein is the third highest donor university president in the country from 2006-2016. He committed $10 million to High Point University.[13] Donations from alumni, parents and supporters of HPU total about $214 million since 2006. In 2010, the university announced plans to invest about $2.1 billion in overall growth in the next decade. To date, High Point University has spent $1.2 billion on four new schools plus facilities, faculty and student services.[14]
Ashley Furniture Industries Chairman Ron Wanek donated $10 million to High Point University in 2013 after visiting HPU's president Dr. Nido R. Qubein. Wanek's gift to the university is the 10th contribution of $10 million or more that Qubein has received during his tenure.[14]
On September 14, 2014, the university celebrated its 90th anniversary.[15] As part of the commemoration, 90 facts about the university were featured in the News and Record on High Point University's Founders Day.[16] On January 3, 2015, Nido R. Qubein celebrated his 10th anniversary as president of High Point University.
In April 2016, High Point University announced plans to invest $160 million in new building projects [17] including a 5,000-seat arena and conference center, undergraduate science center and residence hall.
Location[edit]
Together, Greensboro, High Point, and Winston-Salem, along with the surrounding suburbs and townships, form the Piedmont Triad region, an area with a population over 1.5 million. Of that number, approximately 108,285 live in High Point. Both Greensboro and Winston-Salem are twenty minutes from campus. East of the University are Raleigh (1½ hours away) and the Atlantic Ocean (3½ hours away); south of the University are Charlotte (1½ hours away) and Atlanta, Georgia (5 hours away); west of the University are the Appalachian Mountains (2 hours away) and north is Washington, D.C. (5 hours away).
Academics[edit]




Main campus at High Point University


In 2015, High Point University had a student-to-faculty ratio of 14:1 and a student retention rate of 76.5%.[18] The average class size is fewer than 20 students and no teacher assistants instruct classes.
In 2015, High Point University was ranked #1 in the annual U.S. News & World Report Regional Colleges South rankings.[19] In the 2016 rankings released HPU ranks #1 Best Regional College in the South for the fourth consecutive year and #1 Most Innovative Regional College in the South.[20]
In the Forbes Magazine listing, "America's Top Colleges," High Point University was ranked 559th nationwide out of 650.[21] In August 2013, Affordable Colleges Online ranked High Point University No. 8 among 35 colleges in North Carolina based on the return on investment versus the cost of tuition and fees.[22]
High Point University offers day and evening undergraduate degree programs (Bachelor of Arts and Bachelor of Science) and evening graduate degree programs (Master of Education in Elementary Education, Master of Education in Educational Leadership, Master of Public Administration in Nonprofit Organization, Master of Business Administration, and Master of Science in Sports Studies). A doctoral degree in Educational Leadership began in the fall of 2012.
Schools[edit]
Schools at High Point include the David R. Hayworth College of Arts and Sciences, the Phillips School of Business, the Plato S. Wilson School of Commerce, the Nido R. Qubein School of Communication, the School of Art and Design, the School of Health Sciences, and the School of Education. A School of Pharmacy is projected to open in 2017.
David R. Hayworth College of Arts and Sciences[edit]
Majors housed in the College of Arts and Sciences include Actuarial Science, Biochemistry, Biology, Chemistry, Computer Science, Criminal Justice, English, French, History, Human Relations, International Relations, Mathematical Economics, Mathematics, Music, Profit Leadership Management, Physics, Philosophy, Physics, Political Science, Psychology, Religion, Sociology and Anthropology, Spanish and Theater. Beginning in the fall of 2010 almost all courses in the College of Arts and Sciences became four credit courses.
In recent years, the sciences at High Point University have made significant updates. Congdon Hall has added new office suites, classrooms and study spaces. The science departments have invested a quarter of a million dollars in new equipment to support scientific research and education on campus, including a $77,186 Institutional Development Grant from the North Carolina Biotechnology Center (NCBC) to purchase additional equipment for the cell culture lab.
The physics department was recently added as a member of the Small and Moderate Aperture Research Telescope System (SMARTS) Consortium, which operates four small telescopes at the Cerro Tololo Inter-American Observatory in Chile. In spring of 2015, High Point University physics students also had their proposal accepted to NASA’s Micro-g Neutral Buoyancy Experiment Design Teams program (Micro-g NExT)[23]
Stout School of Education[edit]
The Stout School of Education opened in August 2012. The building is 31,000-square-foot and includes smart boards, a children's book library, math and science touch screen games, a methods lab designed to look and feel like a real elementary school classroom, a Mac lab, and psychology research booths. Students have the option of majoring in Elementary Education, Health and PE, Middle Grades Education or Special Education. There is also a Master of Education in Educational Leadership and a Doctoral Degree Program in Educational Leadership.
On March 27, 2017 High Point University announced that the School of Education would be renamed to the Stout School of Education in recognition of Robert and Maggie Stout.[24]
Earl N. Phillips School of Business[edit]
The Earl N. Phillips School of Business (PSB) is a vibrant, growing school of business with academic majors including Accounting, Business Administration, Entrepreneurship, International Business, Marketing and Sales. Minors include Accounting, Business Administration, Economics, Entrepreneurship, Finance, Global Commerce, Marketing and Sales. The Philips School of Business hosts the Business Plan Competition and offers students many opportunities for internships, to hear from guest speakers, and experiential learning.
School of Art and Design[edit]
The School of Art and Design includes academic majors in Graphic Design, Interior Design, Studio Art and Visual Merchandising Design. Minors include Art History, Graphic Design, Furnishings and Product Marketing, Photography, Studio Art and Visual Merchandising Design. The Interior Design program is part of the Knabusch-Shoemaker International School of Home Furnishings and Interior Design and has two computer-assisted design (CAD) labs, a library and gallery to ehibit student work. The Interior Design Program is accredited by the Council for Interior Design Accreditation (CIDA).
Congdon School of Health Sciences[edit]
The new HPU School of Health Sciences and School of Pharmacy are currently two of the university's biggest illustrations of ongoing expansion. HPU has invested $80 million into a 170,000-square-foot building to house both programs.[14]
In 2016, High Point University received the largest National Institute of Health grant in university history. The grant will fund research to find ways to prevent ACL tears, which are most likely to occur in young female athletes.
Fred Wilson School of Pharmacy[edit]
High Point University is investing $100 million in a new, state-of-the-art facility built to house the School of Pharmacy and School of Health Science. The 65,000 square foot school is designed with the latest technology, retail pharmacy space, assessment suites, classrooms and teaching & research labs. The development of the School of Pharmacy is a part of High Point University's ten year, $1.2 billion investment in academic programs and facilities. The School of Pharmacy will accept its first professional class in 2016. By design, High Point University will have the smallest pharmacy class size in North Carolina (80) with a low student to faculty ratio (9:1).
Currently the School of Pharmacy is seeking accreditation by the Accreditation Council for Pharmacy Education (ACPE) and the Southern Association of Colleges and Schools Commission on Colleges (SACS-COC).
In 2012 Dr. Ronald Ragan accepted the position of Professor and Founding Dean of the School of Pharmacy at High Point University. He is responsible for the design and development of the new School of Pharmacy, including accreditation of the program and construction of a new Pharmacy Building. Dr. Ragan was recruited from the University of Kansas.[25] In addition to Dr. Ragan, the School of Pharmacy boasts notable faculty members Dr. Peter Gal - Associate Dean for Academic Affairs,[26] Dr. Earle Lingle - Associate Dean for Student and Professional Affairs,[27] Dr. Scott Hemby - Chair of Basic Pharmaceutical Sciences,[28] and Dr. Joy Greene - Assistant Dean for Experiential Education.[29]
High Point University's School of Pharmacy was recently featured in US Airways Magazine[30] and Our State Magazine.[31]
Nido R. Qubein School of Communication[edit]
The Nido Qubein School of Communication features two high definition television production studios, a multi-track audio recording studio, editing suites, computer labs and a high-definition surround sound theatre-screening room.
High Point University currently offers five concentrations including Electronic Media Production (Developing Audio and Video Productions), Game and Interactive Media Design, Journalism (Converged Broadcast, Online, and Print), Media and Popular Culture Studies (History, Criticism, and Analysis), Sport Communication Strategic Communication (Health Communication, Social Media, Advertising, and Public Relations). In the fall of 2015, the school will offer three new communication majors: a Bachelor of Arts in Communication with an emphasis in Sport Communication (Reporting, Broadcast Performance, and Multimedia Production), a Bachelor of Arts in Documentary Media and a Bachelor of Arts in Communication with an emphasis in Sport & Event Management (Marketing and Promotions, Community Relations, Facility and Operations, Compliance, Ticketing, and Development).
Annually, the top sixteen incoming communication majors are granted membership into High Point University's Media Fellows Program. The Media Fellows Program application is available to students who plan to major in Journalism, Electronic Media, Strategic Communication, Games and Interactive Design or Media and Popular Culture Studies.
High Point University also offers a five-year B.A. to M.A. degree in strategic communication with specializations in either health communication or public relations. Students begin graduate courses in their senior year with courses counting toward both their undergraduate and graduate degrees. They then spend one additional year taking graduate courses and earn a master's degree.
Communication majors have landed full-time positions and internships at companies such as National Air and Space Museum, Walt Disney World, Office Depot, Procter & Gamble, Seventeen magazine and many more.
In March 2015, High Point University announced that former Today Show producer Joe Michaels would be joining the Nido Qubein School of Communication as an artist-in-residence. Joe Michaels is a seven-time Emmy Award-winning director and a two-time Directors Guild of America Honoree. Other notable faculty in the School of Communication include Charisse McGhee-Lazarou, former vice president of Primetime Programming at NBC. David Neal, a 34-time Emmy Award-winning producer and Fox’s World Cup Coordinator serves on the Nido Qubein School of Communication advisory board.
In October 2016, High Point University’s event management program in the Nido R. Qubein School of Communication received international recognition as the best event management bachelor's degree and accepted the Haas & Wilkerson Pinnacle Gold Award at the 61st Annual International Festivals & Events Association Convention on Sept. 28 in Tucson, Arizona. The Pinnacle Awards recognize the quality, excellence, creativity and achievements of the festival and event industry, including the top bachelor’s, master’s and doctoral degrees in event management education. [32]
Norcross Graduate School[edit]
Norcross Graduate School at High Point University houses BA to MA/M.Ed programs (for undergraduate students only), Masters programs and Doctorate programs. BA to MA/M.Ed programs include Elementary Education (BA to M.Ed), Strategic Communication (BA to MA) and Special Education (BA to M.Ed). Masters programs include Business Administration (MBA), Education (M.Ed), Education (M.A.T), Physician Assistant Studies (MPAS) and Strategic Communication (MA). The Masters of Athletic Training (MSAT) is to come in 2017. Doctorate programs include Educational Leadership (Ed. D.), Doctor of Pharmacy (PharmD) and Doctor of Physical Therapy (DPT). Norcorss Graduate School also offers an add-on educational license for Educational Administration.
Academic programs[edit]
Bonner Leader Program[edit]
The Bonner Leader Program is a part of a nationwide network of 70+ colleges and universities affiliated with and guided by the Bonner Leader Foundation. The Bonner Leader Program at High Point University began during the 2013-2014 academic year. The program is composed of six juniors and seniors and two service learning faculty. The Bonner Leader Program is a four-year responsibility. Students commit to 5–7 hours of community service each week, culminating in over 200 hours of community service during each academic year.
HPU Poll/Survey Research Center[edit]
The Survey Research Center began at High Point University in March 2010. HPU Poll surveys people in North Carolina and other states about public affairs issues and reports the results as a public service. Since 2010, members of the HPU Poll have asked questions about approval of public officials in North Carolina and current political issues such as the economy, health care, education, and the threat of terrorism. For each High Point University Poll, the Survey Research Center staff posts press releases, summary memos that give details about survey methods and content, and presentations that highlight a selection of survey questions. HPU's Survey Research Center also supports faculty and student collaboration by managing and consulting on student-faculty research projects.
The Survey Research Center is based in the Nido Qubein School of Communication.
Human Biomechanics and Physiology Lab[edit]
The High Point University Human Biomechanics and Physiology Lab opened in November 2012 and contains a 3D motion analysis system for documenting how the body responds during individual movements using sensors, high-speed motion capture cameras, and force plates. Exercise science is now the third largest major on campus with Biology ranking number 5.
Media Fellows Program[edit]
Each year 16 incoming communication majors are granted membership into High Point University’s Media Fellows Program through the Nido R. Qubein School of Communication. Media Fellows live in a living-learning community their freshman year and have options to travel abroad. During their college career, Media Fellows also participate in summer internships at national media companies, participate in seminars related to their major and produce a Capstone project their senior year.
Pre-professional Programs[edit]
Pre-professional studies are also offered, leading to medical, dental, pharmacy, or physician assistant school, engineering, forestry school, law school, theological seminary, or other professional training.
Physician Assistant Program[edit]
In June 2015, High Point University welcomed its first class of students enrolled in the physician assistant program. Only 20 students were selected from a pool of 800 applicants and they will graduate in 2017.[33] The program will begin each summer and will span 27 months over 7 continuous semesters. In 2017, the program will be housed in HPU's new of Health Sciences and School of Pharmacy building. The program then will be able to expand to 35 students.
The course of study is divided into a 15-month didactic phase and a 12-month clinical phase. The Accreditation Review Commission on Education for the Physician Assistant granted Accreditation-Provisional status to the High Point University Physician Assistant Program sponsored by High Point University. Students will spend their first year largely in the classroom. In the second year, students will complete clinical work at High Point Regional Hospital, Novant Health Forsyth Medical Center in Winston-Salem, area Cornerstone Health Care offices and other group and private practices around the area.
High Point is the ninth North Carolina college to offer a physician assistant program. Two others are in the works, including one at UNC-Chapel Hill.[34] HPU's Physician Assistant program features a state of the art simulation lab featuring iStan, a high fidelity mannequin that can communicate, sweat, bleed, and respond to treatments.[35] Aside from the clinical simulation lab, the space also includes three real-life patient examination rooms, a traditional classroom, and a clinical skills lab.[36]
On June 7, 2015, the students participated in the traditional "white coat" ceremony to mark the beginning of their training.[37]
Admissions[edit]
In 2005, traditional undergraduate enrollment was 1,450. In 2013, High Point University welcomed 4,000 students to campus, an increase by 176 percent. Based on data gathered from the incoming class of 2012, approximately 8,200 applications were reviewed. There was a 54% acceptance rate, with 1,333 enrolling. 78% of the freshmen class applied Early Decision or Early Action. For the class of 2017, the mid-range SAT scores for high school seniors applying to the university was 1000 to 1200. The mean SAT range for Critical Reading and Math was 1100 and the mean ACT Composite score for entering freshmen was 24. The average GPA on a 4.0 scale was a 3.3 un-weighted. 80% of the class was made up of students who were from states outside of North Carolina, and the class represented 41 states and 20 countries.
In the class of 2014, there were 54 students who received the titles of either National Merit Scholars, valedictorians, salutatorians or high school student government presidents. 307 students had Advanced Placement Courses from high school, earning over 1272 credit hours in 23 different subjects. Several students earned the distinction of Eagle Scout or Gold Award recipient during high school, and there were 15 languages spoken fluently among the class. The top ten states represented by the class were North Carolina, Maryland, New Jersey, Massachusetts, New York, Pennsylvania, Connecticut, Virginia, Ohio and Florida. The class is 74% Caucasian, 6% African American, 3% Hispanic or Latin American, 1% Asian or Asian-American, and 16% Other.[38]
Student life[edit]
High Point University is a residential campus by design, with 19 residence halls in total. In 2015 Business Insider ranked High Point University #4 in the nation for best residence halls.[39] All High Point University students are required to reside on campus until they have reached senior status, unless they commute from their parent's permanent address.
High Point University has 12 dining locations on campus including 5 restaurants, Chick-fil-A, Subway, 3 convenience stores and 2 Starbucks. In November 2015 High Point University made Business Insider's list of the 20 colleges with the best dining halls.[40]
Career and professional development[edit]
The Office of Career and Professional Development at High Point University helps students explore their career interests, identify their strengths, and develop a plan that will prepare them for life after graduation. As a part of the Four Year Career Plan, HPU Career advisors help students with freshman career planning, establishing a LinkedIn profile, updating resumes, creating an effective cover letter, applying for graduate school and applying for internships and jobs. The Office of Career and Professional Development also offers an externship course aimed at second semester freshmen and sophomores seeking career-based experience and skill development.
Students who have utilized the Office of Career and Professional Development have landed internships at regional, national, and global organizations such as Ashley Furniture, CBS, CNN, Hearst Magazines, Living Social, Michael Kors, Microsoft, NASA, Vineyard Vines, Good Housekeeping, Paramount Studios, Pfizer Pharmaceuticals and more.
Community Enrichment Series/Access to Innovators[edit]
Students are provided with Access to Innovators, which has brought scores of world-renowned thought-leaders and speakers to campus, including Mitch Albom, Steve Forbes, Malcolm Gladwell, Seth Godin, John C. Maxwell, Thomas Friedman, Ken Dychtwald, and CNN Justice Correspondent Pamela Brown (journalist). Guest speakers are selected to provide students and the community the opportunity to understand diverse viewpoints, positions and backgrounds. Recently, Marc Randolph, the co-founder of Netflix.[41] and Biz Stone, the co-founder of Twitter.[42] While Marc was on campus he took part in a question-and-answer session titled “A Discussion with High Point University President Nido Qubein” and spent time in the Belk Entrepreneurship Center to review High Point University students’ business concepts. Biz also took part in a discussion with President Nido Qubein and spent time with communication and entrepreneurship students.
The Cultural Enrichment Series was named the Community Enrichment Series in 2014. Guests to campus in the 2014-2015 year included Dutch artist Theo Jansen, digital art pioneer Barbara Nessim, sports television announcer Bob Rathbun,[43] Navy Seal Rob O'Neill,[44] pianist Marvin Blickenstaff, and artist Mariyah Sultan.[45] These events are open to students, faculty, staff, and the surrounding community.
Most recently, High Point University announced that Steve Wozniak, the co-founder of Apple Inc. computer, has on a new role as High Point University’s Innovator in Residence.[46] Through an ongoing partnership, Wozniak will connect with HPU students and visited campus on March 23, 2016. The partnership with Steve Wozniak stems from High Point University's focus on providing access to innovators for students.[47]
High Point University also offers students the chance to expand their movie repertoire with the Faculty Film Series, which features faculty-selected films to be shown on campus in the Extraordinaire Cinema and Qubein Screening Room. Films included in the series connect with specific courses being taught on campus during the semester.
Greek life[edit]
There are currently 14 Greek organizations on campus governed by the following councils:
Panhellenic Council (NPC) - Alpha Chi Omega, Alpha Gamma Delta, Kappa Delta, Phi Mu, Sigma Sigma Sigma, Zeta Tau Alpha.
National Pan-Hellenic Council (NPHC) - Alpha Kappa Alpha, Delta Sigma Theta, Kappa Alpha Psi, Zeta Phi Beta.
Interfraternity Council (IFC) - Pi Kappa Phi, Beta Theta Pi, Kappa Alpha Order, Kappa Sigma.Sigma Nu, [48]
Many Greek students are University Ambassadors, Resident Assistants, Peer Mentors, Campus Activity Team members, and Presidential Scholars. Students at High Point University cannot become members of a Greek organization on campus until they have completed at least one semester. Recruitment begins in October and November and ends in January. Students must have at least a 2.5 GPA.
Honor societies[edit]
Honor societies at High Point University include the Order of the Lighted Lamp, Alpha Chi (both recognize academic achievement), Alpha Delta Omega (Human Relations), Beta Beta Beta (Biology), Sigma Delta Pi (Spanish), Pi Delta Phi (French), Phi Sigma Iota (Foreign Language), Lambda Pi Eta (Communications), Alpha Sigma Lambda (Adult Learners), Pi Sigma Alpha (Political Science), Kappa Delta Pi (Education), Delta Mu Delta (Business), Psi Chi (Psychology), Alpha Phi Sigma (Criminal Justice), Sigma Tau Delta (International English Honors Society), and Alpha Lambda Delta.
In April 2015, 254 students were inducted into High Point University's newest honor society, Alpha Lambda Delta. The mission of Alpha Lambda Delta is to encourage superior academic achievement, to promote intelligent living and a high standard of learning, and to assist students in recognizing and developing meaningful goals in society.
Special guest speakers[edit]
In recent years, the school has brought high-profile speakers to campus for commencement, including former President George W. Bush, former President Bill Clinton, former New York mayor Rudolph Giuliani, televangelist pioneer the Rev. Robert Schuller, Queen Noor of Jordan, U.S. Supreme Court Justice Clarence Thomas, astronaut and children's book author Buzz Aldrin, Coca-Cola Company Chairman and CEO Muhtar Kent, the former U.S. First Lady Laura Bush, and Steve Wozniak, the co-founder of Apple.
Colin L. Powell was selected as the 2014 Commencement speaker. Prior to his appearance on campus, Colin Powell gained the university and city of High Point national publicity. The news network CNN ranked High Point University and Colin Powell’s address as fifth in the country for a segment titled "2014’s Big-Name College Commencement Speakers."[49] The morning of commencement, ABC News streamed the entirety of High Point University's graduation ceremony live on their news website. Additionally, The Huffington Post featured a video of Powell's commencement speech citing key pieces of advice he shared with the High Point University Class of 2014 on May 3.[50]
In August 2014, High Point University announced that the distinguished journalist Tom Brokaw, best known as the anchor and managing editor for NBC Nightly News,[51] would be the 2015 commencement speaker. Before the commencement weekend, he made USA Today's list of 'Most Prominent College Graduation Speakers of 2015'.[52] The Huffington Post highlighted Brokaw's speech[53] which urged High Point University graduates to be a new generation that sees past race, gender and superficial lines that divide.
In May 2016, Condoleezza Rice, 66th Secretary of State, served as the Commencement speaker.[54] High Point University President Nido Qubein believes that "Secretary Rice has served this country in measurable ways through her work in our nation’s capital, in free enterprise, in academia and in efforts to improve education for children. She embodies the American spirit and its core values, which we proudly celebrate on our campus." [55] Condoleezza Rice joined President Nido Qubein in a question-and-answer session on Friday, May 6 and addressed the Class of 2016 at High Point University's Commencement ceremony on Saturday, May 7, 2016.[56]
In August 2016, High Point University announced that journalist and television news anchor Wolf Blitzer of CNN's The Situation Room will serve as the 2017 Commencement Speaker.
Throughout the years, other special guests have included former President Bill Clinton, social and political analyst Armstrong Williams, baseball hall of fame recipient Cal Ripken Jr., author Chris Gardner, Olympic gold medalist Jennifer Azzi, former George W. Bush advisor Karl Rove, Grammy award-winning singer Lee Greenwood, physician Patch Adams, and best-selling author Stedman Graham. Local speakers include North Carolina governor Pat McCrory and Richard Childress, president and CEO of Richard Childress Racing. Speakers have also included Tony award-winning composer Charles Strouse and Steve Harvey.
HPU welcomed Chancellor of UNC Chapel Hill, Carol Folt who was interviewed by president Nido Qubein for UNCTV. HPU also welcomed Stanford University professor, TED speaker and author, Carol Dweck, who was interviewed by president Qubein on her research and book "Mindset" which focuses on the idea of Growth Mindset.
In February 2017, Apple Co-Founder and HPU Innovator in Residence, Steve Wozniak, was welcomed back to campus to speak with students, faculty, staff and members of the community about a variety of topics.[57]
National Advisory Board[edit]
The National Board of Advisors is composed of Fortune 500 CEOs and thought leaders who have impacted the United States of America and the world in significant ways. Most recently, HPU announced they have appointed Anthony Atala[58] of Wake Forest Institute for Regenerative Medicine[59] to their National Board of Advisors.
Other distinguished members include General Colin Powell and Steve Wozniak,[60] Dr. James Moeser, chancellor emeritus at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill; Ron Wanek, founder and chairman of Ashley Furniture; Marty Flanagan, president and CEO of Invesco Ltd.; Kelly King, chairman and CEO of BB&T; Bonnie McElveen-Hunter, CEO & Owner of Pace Communications, Chairwoman of the American Red Cross and former U.S. Ambassador to Finland; Kurt L. Darrow, President and CEO of La-Z-Boy; Rich Handler, CEO and Director of Leucadia and CEO and Chairman of the Board for Jeffries Group; Tim Belk, chairman and CEO of Belk Stores, and David King, CEO of LabCorp.
Notable alumni[edit]

Nido R. Qubein - Seventh president of High Point University, businessman, motivational speaker, author
Cody Allen - Major League Baseball pitcher for the Cleveland Indians. Drafted in the 23rd Round of the 2011 Major League Baseball Draft
Elizabeth Carty - Miss North Carolina Teen USA
Chris Cottrell – Lincoln Memorial University Assistant Men's Basketball Coach
Dick Culler – Major League Baseball player
Julia Dalton - Miss North Carolina USA
Austin Dillon – NASCAR Sprint Cup Series driver, 2011 NASCAR Camping World Truck Series Champion, 2013 NASCAR Nationwide Series Champion
Lauch Faircloth – Former United States Senator (R-NC)
Donna Fargo – Grammy-winning country music singer/songwriter
Issa Konare – PBL Basketball player for the Vermont Frost Heaves and plays for Senegal's national team
Gene Littles – Former ABA basketball player and NBA coach
Jack Lucas – Youngest Marine to receive the Congressional Medal of Honor
Donald Marriott - N.C. State Tennis Champion 2003
Robert "50" Martin – professional basketball player Atlanta Vision; former And1 streetballer
Robert R. Merhige, Jr. - A federal judge for the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Virginia who is known for his ruling on desegregation in the 1970s.
Taylor Milne – Canadian Olympian in the 1500 metres
Arizona Reid – Professional basketball player for the San Miguel Beerman
Jaime Schultz - baseball player[61]
Tubby Smith – NCAA coach and assistant coach of the 2000 U.S. Men's Basketball Team
John Taylor - star of the Emmy Award-nominated weight loss series Too Fat for 15: Fighting Back, and New Jersey's State Teacher of the Year for 2016[62]

Community involvement[edit]
In 2011, students in the High Point University School of Education partnered with The Montlieu Academy of Technology in High Point to allow students the opportunity to use iPads in the classroom. The iPads given to the school were funded by High Point University, Businesses for Excellence in Education, the William B. Millis Fund of the High Point Community Foundation and the Joseph M. Bryan Foundation.
In 2014, an article in The High Point Enterprise stated that the iPads donated to Montlieu Academy had positive results.[63]
In 2015 High Point University President Nido Qubein announced that HPU would make the lead gift of $100,000 for a local YMCA Splash Park. The Splash Park will give children in the High Point community a place to stay cool and healthy over the summer. In 2016, the Charl Chavis YMCA in High Point hosted the grand opening of the Splash Park where HPU dedicated the park in honor of Carlvena Foster, executive director of the YMCA and a High Point University alumna.[64]
High Point University and High Point Regional Hospital announced in February 2016 that they have "partnered the creation of the Community Rehabilitation Clinic- a clinic to treat the insured and the uninsured populations with a variety of physical therapy and rehabilitation needs."
In the summer of 2016, HPU graduate Brandon Holder spoke as part of TedxGreensboro about finding his passion and developing a solar-powered water purification system to help bring water to developing nations. His organization is called "Water the World: Live Locally. Give Globally."
In late September 2016, The HPU Department of Physics hosted their third annual "HPUniverse Day" which invites local children and their families to campus for activities focused on science, astronomy, space exploration and more. In 2016, nearly 1,000 people attended the event/ Giving children the opportunity to enjoy science but also consider it as a field of work someday is part of the event's goal, according to lead organizer Dr. Brad Barlow, assistant professor of astrophysics. [65]
For the sixth consecutive year, High Point University hosted its annual Community Christmas Celebration, welcoming more than 20,000 community members and their families. Visitors experience music, entertainment, falling snow, meeting Santa, arts and crafts, a petting zoo, train rides, food and drinks, thousands of lights and beautiful holiday decorations. This event is free of charge to the community.[66]
Athletics[edit]
Main article: High Point Panthers
The High Point Panthers include HPU's 16 athletic teams that compete at the NCAA Division I level, mostly in the Big South Conference. HPU's 16 varsity sports are baseball, men's and women's basketball, men's and women's cross country, men's and women's golf, men's and women's lacrosse, men's and women's soccer, men's and women's indoor track & field, men's and women's outdoor track & field and women's volleyball. In recent years, HPU has won nine Big South Conference Championships, produced 10 Conference Players of the Year; and more than 130 HPU athletes have received Big South All-Academic Honors.
The 2010–11 season was the most successful since High Point University joined NCAA Division I in 1999–2000. In the fall, the women's soccer team and women's volleyball team won Big South Tournaments and the men's soccer team won the Big South regular season.[67] In the spring, the women's lacrosse team won the National Lacrosse Conference tournament and set a record for wins by a first-year program, with 15.[68]
The 2010-2011 women's lacrosse team success led to other accomplishments in 2013. The assistant women's lacrosse coach Lauren Norris was selected to coach the 2013 Israel National Lacrosse Team in the 2013 FIL Women's World Cup.
In the fourth round of the 2013 Major League Soccer (MLS) Supplemental Draft, the Columbus Crew picked High Point University senior midfielder Shawn Sloan.
High Point University also fields the following sports at the club level: men's and women's basketball, men's and women's golf, men's and women's lacrosse, men's and women's rowing, running, men's and women's soccer, men's and women's swimming, men's and women's tennis, women's field hockey, softball, ultimate frisbee, equestrian and ice hockey.[69]
In the fall of 2013, the High Point University field hockey team qualified for the national tournament in Virginia Beach with a 6-2-0 season. The club equestrian team is a member of the Intercollegiate Horse Show Association (IHSA).
Donations to High Point University's Athletic Department have exceeded $30 million. The primary athletics facilities at High Point University are the Millis Center (basketball, volleyball), Williard Stadium (baseball) and the Witcher Athletic Center at Vert Stadium (track, soccer, lacrosse).[70]
In May 2009, former University of North Carolina captain Scott Cherry was named head coach of men's basketball.
High Point University broke ground on a 31,500 square-foot facility in 2013. The facility will house a 120-seat academic center as well as athletic training rooms. The newest building on campus will also include new locker rooms and lounges for men's and women's lacrosse and soccer teams, as well as offices for coaches and support staff members.
In May 2014, High Point University announced the appointment of Dan Hauser as the new Athletic Director, effective July 1, 2014. Hauser has spent the last eight years as Senior Associate Athletic Director at Ohio University. He previously served as Director of Marketing at Wake Forest University.
In July 2016, The Big South announced the 2015-2016 Presidential Honor Roll, where High Point University Athletics had the highest percentage of 3.0 GPAs.[71]
At the beginning of 2017, High Point University announced plans for a new basketball arena and conference center to be built on campus. The facility will be named for High Point University president, Dr. Nido R. Qubein and his wife, Mariana Qubein. Construction is to begin in 2018 and it is projected to open in 2020.[72]
It was also announced in early 2017 that the basketball court in the new arena will be named for University of Memphis Head Coach and High Point University alumni, Tubby Smith. Orlando, "Tubby" Smith and his wife, Donna Smith, generously donated $1 million to the construction of the new facility.[73]
Publications and media[edit]

High Point University Magazine, for alumni
The Apogee, the literary magazine
Black Script
Campus Chronicle, rated one of the Top 20 campus newspapers in the United States by the American Scholastic Press Association
HPU Radio, student produced and broadcast via Hpuradio.com
Zenith, yearbook
"HPU Sports Link", Broadcasts HPU athletics live online

In May 2013, HPU graduates Collin Smith and Ernest Greene were featured on ABC World News Tonight with Diane Sawyer, Good Morning America, and Fox & Friends Christmas Special. Smith was a three-sport athlete in high school before a car accident left him paralyzed from the chest down. Greene was a member of Smith's church when the accident occurred and volunteered his time throughout Smith's college career to help him get ready for school and take notes during his classes. Smith graduated in 2013 and Greene received an honorary degree during the Commencement Ceremony.
In Fall 2013, High Point University President Nido R. Qubein made a live appearance on CNBC's Squawk Box to discuss the American Dream and the importance of a holistic education.
Sechrest Gallery[edit]
A permanent collection of original works donated to the University by High Point Alumnus Darrell L. Sechrest. Among others, the permanent collection includes works by Christian Dietrich, Sir Lawrence Alma-Tadema, Sir Joshua Reynolds, Allesandro Gherardini, El Greco, George Harvey, Emile Louis Picault, Elsie Popkin, and Antonio Zucchi and Angelica Kauffman. The gallery is housed within the Hayworth Fine Arts Center.[74]
Controversy[edit]
Since taking office in 2005, President Nido Qubein has been adding campus buildings and creating student amenities such as concierge services, an on-campus steak house, free carwashes, and an icecream truck.[75] In early 2012 Businessweek reported that about $700 million in new building and campus upgrades was financed by heavy borrowing and Moody's Investors Service downgraded the school’s bonds to junk status in 2009 due to the school's position as one of the most heavily leveraged colleges in the country.[75] The U.S. Department of Education's "financial responsibility" score for the 2012 and 2013 fiscal year has High Point University scoring the highest possible score of 3, putting the university ahead of Elon University, Duke University, and Davidson College.[76] Businessweek responded by inviting the school to make financial documents available to support any challenges to the article's accuracy, but none were offered in response.[75] In addition to questioning debt levels, Businessweek challenged whether the school's relationships with its lenders and vendors were at an appropriate arm's length, citing in particular that the school spends large marketing dollars with a public relations firm headed by the president's daughter. The college's claims to a growing reputation in higher education were challenged as being based more on high-end student amenities and marketing strategy than on solid academics.[75]
References[edit]


^ As of June 30, 2011. "U.S. and Canadian Institutions Listed by Fiscal Year 2011 Endowment Market Value and Percentage Change in Endowment Market Value from FY 2010 to FY 2011" (PDF). 2011 NACUBO-Commonfund Study of Endowments. National Association of College and University Business Officers. Retrieved June 16, 2011. 
^ [1], High Point University
^ "High Point University". Retrieved August 15, 2015. 
^ "Regional College South Rankings | Top Regional Colleges South | US News Best Colleges". colleges.usnews.rankingsandreviews.com. Retrieved 2016-05-27. 
^ "Most Innovative Schools | Regional Colleges South | US News Best Colleges". colleges.usnews.rankingsandreviews.com. Retrieved 2016-05-27. 
^ Sizemore, F. J., ed. The Buildings and the Builders of a City: High Point, North Carolina. High Point: Hall Printing Company, 1947. p. 318-319
^ Robinson, Blackwell P., and Alexander R. Stoesen. The History of Guilford County, North Carolina, U.S.A. to 1980, A.D. Greensboro: The Guilford County Bicentennial Commission, 1980. p. 233
^ Robinson, Blackwell P., and Alexander R. Stoesen. "The History of Guilford County, North Carolina, U.S.A. To 1980, A.D." Greensboro: The Guilford County Bicentennial Commission, 1980. p. 235
^ https://web.archive.org/web/20040928204703/http://www.high-point.net/edc/2002annrpt.pdf%7C High Point Economic Development Corporation Website
^ "Rhino Times - June 19, 2014". Archived from the original on November 29, 2014. Retrieved August 15, 2015. 
^ StartClass, Nido Qubien -- High Point University #4, Retrieved December 14, 2015, "...Total Compensation: $2,909,148.."
^ Jean Stancill, December 8, 2015, News & Observer, The president of High Point University ranked as the third highest-paid university president in the country, according to a Chronicle of Higher Education report on 2013 data, Retrieved December 14, 2015, "....."
^ Kambhampati, Sandhya. "32 Leaders of Private Colleges Earned More Than $1 Million in 2013". The Chronicle of Higher Education. The Chronicle of Higher Education. Retrieved December 6, 2015. 
^ a b c "Can High Point University fly higher?". Triad Business Journal. May 23, 2014. Retrieved August 15, 2015. 
^ "Page Not Found - HP® Official Site". Archived from the original on December 18, 2014. Retrieved August 15, 2015. 
^ john.newsom@news-record.com, John Newsom. "HPU delves into past for 90th birthday". Retrieved February 26, 2017. 
^ "High Point University unveils plan to 'lead the way' with $160M in new building projects - Greensboro - Triad Business Journal". Triad Business Journal. Retrieved 2016-05-27. 
^ http://colleges.usnews.rankingsandreviews.com/best-colleges/high-point-university-2933
^ http://colleges.usnews.rankingsandreviews.com/best-colleges/rankings/regional-colleges-south
^ http://colleges.usnews.rankingsandreviews.com/best-colleges/high-point-university-198695/overall-rankings
^ "America's Top Colleges". Forbes. Retrieved August 15, 2015. 
^ "Online Colleges in North Carolina - AffordableCollegesOnline.org". Retrieved August 15, 2015. 
^ "NASA invites High Point University students to test device". Greensboro News & Record. Retrieved August 15, 2015. 
^ "Couple donates $5 million to HPU". The High Point Enterprise. Retrieved 3.27.17.  Check date values in: |access-date= (help)
^ "School of Pharmacy associate dean leaving KU for top spot with new program". Retrieved August 15, 2015. 
^ High Point University. "HPU Welcomes Gal as Associate Dean for Academic Affairs for the School of Pharmacy". High Point University. Retrieved August 15, 2015. 
^ High Point University. "School of Pharmacy Welcomes Lingle as Associate Dean". High Point University. Retrieved August 15, 2015. 
^ High Point University. "Hemby Joins School of Pharmacy". High Point University. Retrieved August 15, 2015. 
^ High Point University. "Greene Joins School of Pharmacy". High Point University. Retrieved August 15, 2015. 
^ High Point University. "ISSUU - High Point University Feature in US Airways Magazine by High Point University". Issuu. Retrieved August 15, 2015. 
^ High Point University. "ISSUU - Our State Magazine HPU Feature October 2013 by High Point University". Issuu. Retrieved August 15, 2015. 
^ "Past Pinnacle Winners". Retrieved February 26, 2017. 
^ "High Point University welcomes first students in physician assistant program - Greensboro - Triad Business Journal". Triad Business Journal. June 5, 2015. Retrieved August 15, 2015. 
^ "High Point University starts physician assistant program". Winston-Salem Journal. Retrieved August 15, 2015. 
^ HPU's PA Program Opens State of the Art Simulation Lab. YouTube. May 14, 2014. Retrieved August 15, 2015. 
^ "Meet Stan. He cries, sweats, talks and pees. And he's a mannequin". Retrieved August 15, 2015. 
^ University, High Point (2015-06-07). "HPU Hosts Inaugural White Coat Ceremony and Welcomes First Class of PA Students - High Point University". High Point University. Retrieved 2016-05-15. 
^ High Point University. "Freshmen Class Profile". High Point University - Undergraduate Admissions. Retrieved August 15, 2015. 
^ "The 30 colleges with the best dorms". Retrieved February 26, 2017. 
^ "The 20 colleges with the best dining halls". Retrieved February 26, 2017. 
^ REPORT, ENTERPRISE STAFF. "Netflix co-founder to visit HPU". Retrieved February 26, 2017. 
^ "Twitter (NYSE: TWTR) co-founder Biz Stone to speak at High Point University - Greensboro - Triad Business Journal". Triad Business Journal. Retrieved 2016-05-27. 
^ "Sportscaster Bob Rathbun Shares Industry Expertise at HPU". Retrieved August 15, 2015. 
^ "Page Not Found - HP® Official Site". Archived from the original on February 24, 2015. Retrieved August 15, 2015. 
^ David Ford. "Sechrest Gallery Presents "Elemental Emulsions: Mariyah Sultan Paintings"". Retrieved August 15, 2015. 
^ University, High Point. "Apple Co-Founder Steve Wozniak Becomes HPU's Innovator in Residence". GlobeNewswire News Room. Retrieved 2016-05-27. 
^ "Steve Wozniak named Innovator in Residence at High Point University". Retrieved February 26, 2017. 
^ High Point University. "Greek Life". Greek Life. Retrieved August 15, 2015. 
^ Jamie Gumbrecht, CNN (April 25, 2014). "College commencement speakers for 2014 announced - CNN.com". CNN. Retrieved August 15, 2015. 
^ "Congress Needs To Stop And Listen To Colin Powell's Commencement Speech (VIDEO)". The Huffington Post. Retrieved August 15, 2015. 
^ [2][dead link]
^ "Most prominent college commencement speakers of 2015 - USA TODAY College". USA TODAY College. Retrieved August 15, 2015. 
^ "Tom Brokaw: We Can't Fulfill America's Promise If We Are Blinded By Color". The Huffington Post. Retrieved August 15, 2015. 
^ REPORTS, STAFF. "Condoleezza Rice to speak at HPU graduation". Retrieved February 26, 2017. 
^ Journal, Jordan Howse/Winston-Salem. "Condoleezza Rice to speak at HPU graduation". Retrieved February 26, 2017. 
^ Hill, Jarred. "Condoleezza Rice speaks at HPU graduation". WXII12. Retrieved 2016-05-27. 
^ Yahoo Finance. Yahoo Finance http://finance.yahoo.com/news/apple-co-founder-steve-wozniak-172956871.html. Retrieved 3/10/17.  Check date values in: |access-date= (help); Missing or empty |title= (help)
^ Anthony Atala. "Anthony Atala: Growing new organs - TED Talk - TED.com". Retrieved August 15, 2015. 
^ High Point University. "National Board of Advisors Adds Dr. Anthony Atala". High Point University. Retrieved August 15, 2015. 
^ Reports, Staff. "Colin Powell, Steve Wozniak join new High Point University board". Retrieved February 26, 2017. 
^ "Schultz selects D-1 baseball". troyrecord.com. Retrieved April 10, 2015. 
^ "Jersey City educator named N.J. charter school teacher of the year". www.nj.com. Retrieved 2016-07-23. 
^ "Page Not Found - HP® Official Site". Archived from the original on September 18, 2014. Retrieved August 15, 2015. 
^ University, High Point (2016-05-12). "Carl Chavis YMCA Opens Splash Park for Children in High Point - High Point University". High Point University. Retrieved 2016-05-27. 
^ University, High Point. "Science Comes to Life at HPUniverse Day for Local Children - High Point University - - High Point University - High Point, NC". Retrieved February 26, 2017. 
^ O'Connell, Elaina (December 14, 2016). "High Point University Hosts Annual Community Christmas". TWC News. TWC News. Retrieved February 7, 2017. 
^ High Point University Panthers - High Point leads Sasser Cup standings after fall. Highpointpanthers.com (2010-12-01). Retrieved on 2013-08-09.
^ High Point University Panthers - HPU women's lacrosse finishes season with loss to No. 2 UNC. Highpointpanthers.com (2011-05-06). Retrieved on 2013-08-09.
^ High Point University Panthers - Club Sports at HPU. Highpointpanthers.com. Retrieved on 2013-08-09.
^ "High Point University Panthers - HPU dedicates Witcher Athletic Center". High Point University. Retrieved August 15, 2015. 
^ "Big South Announces 2015-16 Presidential Honor Roll". Retrieved February 26, 2017. 
^ Newsom, John (January 30, 2017). "High Point University details plans for basketball arena, conference center". Winston-Salem Journal. Retrieved February 7, 2017. 
^ Staff, Web (February 7, 2017). "High Point University to name new basketball court after Tubby Smith". Fox 8. Fox 8. Retrieved February 7, 2017. 
^ "High Point University" (PDF). Retrieved August 15, 2015. 
^ a b c d "BubbleU: High Point University", Bloomberg Businessweek, April 19, 2012
^ "Financial Responsibility Composite Scores". Retrieved August 15, 2015. 



Loy, Gary, High Point University 90th Anniversary Photo Book. Lulu Press, 2014.
McCaslin, Dr. Richard B., Remembered Be Thy Blessings: High Point University: The College Years, 1924–1991. High Point University, 1995.

External links[edit]

Official website







v
t
e


Private colleges and universities in North Carolina






Barber-Scotia
Barton
Belmont Abbey
Bennett
Brevard
Campbell
Catawba
Charlotte Christian
Chowan
Davidson
Duke
Elon
Gardner–Webb
Greensboro
Guilford
High Point
Johnson C. Smith
John Wesley
Lees–McRae
Lenoir–Rhyne
Livingstone
Louisburg
Mars Hill
Meredith
Methodist
Mid-Atlantic Christian
Montreat
Mount Olive
North Carolina Wesleyan
Pfeiffer
Piedmont International
Queens
St. Andrews
St. Augustine's
Salem
Shaw
Southeastern Baptist
Southeastern Free Will Baptist
Warren Wilson
Wake Forest
William Peace
Wingate












v
t
e


Big South Conference



Full members



Campbell Fighting Camels and Lady Camels (football joining in 2018)
Charleston Southern Buccaneers
Gardner–Webb Runnin' Bulldogs
Longwood Lancers
Presbyterian Blue Hose





Non-football members



High Point Panthers
Liberty Flames and Lady Flames (Football ineligible in final FCS season in 2017 as program transitions to FBS)
Radford Highlanders
UNC Asheville Bulldogs
Winthrop Eagles





ASUN football alliance



Kennesaw State Owls
North Alabama Lions (joining in 2019)





Football-only members



Monmouth Hawks












v
t
e


International Association of Methodist-related Schools, Colleges, and Universities






Adrian
Alaska Pacific
Albion
Albright
Allegheny
American
Andrew
Baker
Baldwin Wallace
Bennett
Bethune-Cookman
Birmingham-Southern
Boston University
Brevard
Centenary (Louisiana)
Centenary University
Central Methodist
Claflin
Clark Atlanta
Columbia College (South Carolina)
Cornell College
Dakota Wesleyan
Denver
DePauw
Dickinson College
Dillard
Drew
Duke
Emory
Emory & Henry
Evansville
Ferrum
Florida Southern
Green Mountain
Greensboro
Hamline
Hendrix
High Point
Hiwassee
Huntingdon
Huston-Tillotson
Illinois Wesleyan
Indianapolis
Iowa Wesleyan
Kansas Wesleyan
Kendall
Kentucky Wesleyan
LaGrange
Lambuth
Lebanon Valley
Lindsey Wilson
Lon Morris
Louisburg
Lycoming
MacMurray
Martin Methodist
McKendree
McMurry
Meharry Medical
Methodist
Millsaps
Morningside
Mount Union
Nebraska Methodist
Nebraska Wesleyan
North Carolina Wesleyan
North Central
Northwestern University
Ohio Northern
Ohio Wesleyan
Oklahoma City
Otterbein
Oxford of Emory
Pacific
Paine
Pfeiffer
Puget Sound
Philander Smith
Randolph
Randolph-Macon
Reinhardt
Rocky Mountain
Rust
Shenandoah
Simpson College
Southern Methodist
Southwestern College (Kansas)
Southwestern University
Spartanburg Methodist
Syracuse
Tennessee Wesleyan
Texas Wesleyan
Union (Kentucky)
Virginia Wesleyan
Wesley College (Delaware)
Wesleyan College
West Virginia Wesleyan
Wiley
Willamette
Wofford
Young Harris










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=High_Point_University&oldid=791106320"					
Categories: High Point UniversityEducational institutions established in 1924High Point, North CarolinaLiberal arts colleges in North CarolinaUniversities and colleges accredited by the Southern Association of Colleges and SchoolsUniversities and colleges in Guilford County, North CarolinaUniversities and colleges in North Carolina1924 establishments in North CarolinaHidden categories: CS1 errors: datesAll articles with dead external linksArticles with dead external links from May 2017Pages with citations lacking titlesPages with citations having bare URLsUse mdy dates from September 2015Coordinates on WikidataInstances of Infobox university using image size 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


Español 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 18 July 2017, at 05:10.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









High Point University - Wikipedia






















 






High Point University

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search


High Point University





Former names

High Point College (1924–1991)


Motto
Nil Sine Numine (Latin)



Motto in English

Nothing Without Divine Guidance


Type
Private


Established
1924


Endowment
$42 million[1]


President
Nido Qubein



Academic staff

879[2]


Students
4,800


Undergraduates
4,500


Postgraduates
319[3]


Location
High Point, North Carolina, U.S.
35°58′27″N 79°59′44″W﻿ / ﻿35.9741251°N 79.9954946°W﻿ / 35.9741251; -79.9954946Coordinates: 35°58′27″N 79°59′44″W﻿ / ﻿35.9741251°N 79.9954946°W﻿ / 35.9741251; -79.9954946


Campus
Suburban
380 acres


Colors
Purple and white
         


Athletics
NCAA Division I – Big South


Nickname
Panthers


Affiliations
IAMSCU
NAICU


Sports
16 varsity sports


Mascot
Prowler the Panther


Website
www.highpoint.edu





High Point University is a private liberal arts university in High Point, North Carolina, U.S., affiliated with the United Methodist Church. Founded as High Point College in 1924, it became High Point University in October 1991. HPU offers 47 undergraduate majors, 51 undergraduate minors and 12 graduate-degree majors. High Point University was ranked No. 1 among all regional colleges in the south[4] and No. 1 for the most innovative regional colleges in the south[5] in the "America's Best Colleges" 2016 Edition, published by U.S News & World Report.



Contents


1 History
2 Location
3 Academics

3.1 Schools

3.1.1 David R. Hayworth College of Arts and Sciences
3.1.2 Stout School of Education
3.1.3 Earl N. Phillips School of Business
3.1.4 School of Art and Design
3.1.5 Congdon School of Health Sciences

3.1.5.1 Fred Wilson School of Pharmacy


3.1.6 Nido R. Qubein School of Communication
3.1.7 Norcross Graduate School


3.2 Academic programs

3.2.1 Bonner Leader Program
3.2.2 HPU Poll/Survey Research Center
3.2.3 Human Biomechanics and Physiology Lab
3.2.4 Media Fellows Program
3.2.5 Pre-professional Programs
3.2.6 Physician Assistant Program




4 Admissions
5 Student life

5.1 Career and professional development
5.2 Community Enrichment Series/Access to Innovators
5.3 Greek life


6 Honor societies
7 Special guest speakers

7.1 National Advisory Board


8 Notable alumni
9 Community involvement
10 Athletics
11 Publications and media
12 Sechrest Gallery
13 Controversy
14 References
15 External links



History[edit]




Roberts Hall at High Point University






Atlas sculpture at High Point University. Artist, Jon Hair






Cottrell Hall at High Point University


In the mid-19th century, the Methodist Protestant Church, which is now part of the United Methodist Church, became active in educational pursuits in North Carolina. In 1921, after some years of consideration, the statewide governing body of the Methodist Protestant Church voted to establish a college.[6] Shortly afterwards the church accepted an offer from the citizens of High Point to contribute 60 acres (240,000 m2) of land and $100,000 to the project, placing the new school in the city of High Point.[7] The campus was designed by R. E. Mitchell of Washington, D.C., assisted by Herbert Hunter of High Point, in the English Renaissance style. The school was founded in 1924 as High Point College, a joint venture between the Methodist Protestant Church and the citizens of High Point, and officially opened its doors on September 14, 1924. When the college opened, the campus consisted of three buildings, attended by nine faculty members, with a student enrollment of 122.


High Point University presidents














The steadfast growth that characterized the birth of the College ended abruptly with the Great Depression. This period was difficult for the College in 1932–33, as faculty salaries were cut and expenses were sometimes bartered. Despite a $50,000 fund raising campaign, the College declared bankruptcy on June 15, 1934 and reorganization in an effort to reduce its indebtedness.[8] Subsequent reorganization enabled the College to move forward with business and renewed expansion.
On October 9, 1991, under the guidance of President Dr. Jacob C. Martinson, Jr. and the Board of Trustees, High Point College changed its name to High Point University to reflect post-graduate degree programs. Coinciding with the offering of graduate studies, every building on the campus was renovated and new ones were constructed with a campus quadrangle added to replace a former city street that bisected the campus,[9] and by 2004 the University's endowment increased to $40 million. When Jacob C. Martinson, Jr. stepped down as President in 2005, he was the longest serving United Methodist college president in the country.
In 2005, the university was only 92 acres and landlocked with a total undergraduate enrollment of 1,450. The university's operating budget was only $35 million with approximately 100 faculty members.[10] Since Dr. Nido R. Qubein became President of High Point University in 2005 the growth of the university has had significant impact on the city, region and the state of North Carolina. Qubein is the fourth highest paid college president, paid $2.9 million a year, in the United States.[11][12]
The Chronicle of Higher Education Almanac, April 19, 2016 noted Nido R Qubein is the third highest donor university president in the country from 2006-2016. He committed $10 million to High Point University.[13] Donations from alumni, parents and supporters of HPU total about $214 million since 2006. In 2010, the university announced plans to invest about $2.1 billion in overall growth in the next decade. To date, High Point University has spent $1.2 billion on four new schools plus facilities, faculty and student services.[14]
Ashley Furniture Industries Chairman Ron Wanek donated $10 million to High Point University in 2013 after visiting HPU's president Dr. Nido R. Qubein. Wanek's gift to the university is the 10th contribution of $10 million or more that Qubein has received during his tenure.[14]
On September 14, 2014, the university celebrated its 90th anniversary.[15] As part of the commemoration, 90 facts about the university were featured in the News and Record on High Point University's Founders Day.[16] On January 3, 2015, Nido R. Qubein celebrated his 10th anniversary as president of High Point University.
In April 2016, High Point University announced plans to invest $160 million in new building projects [17] including a 5,000-seat arena and conference center, undergraduate science center and residence hall.
Location[edit]
Together, Greensboro, High Point, and Winston-Salem, along with the surrounding suburbs and townships, form the Piedmont Triad region, an area with a population over 1.5 million. Of that number, approximately 108,285 live in High Point. Both Greensboro and Winston-Salem are twenty minutes from campus. East of the University are Raleigh (1½ hours away) and the Atlantic Ocean (3½ hours away); south of the University are Charlotte (1½ hours away) and Atlanta, Georgia (5 hours away); west of the University are the Appalachian Mountains (2 hours away) and north is Washington, D.C. (5 hours away).
Academics[edit]




Main campus at High Point University


In 2015, High Point University had a student-to-faculty ratio of 14:1 and a student retention rate of 76.5%.[18] The average class size is fewer than 20 students and no teacher assistants instruct classes.
In 2015, High Point University was ranked #1 in the annual U.S. News & World Report Regional Colleges South rankings.[19] In the 2016 rankings released HPU ranks #1 Best Regional College in the South for the fourth consecutive year and #1 Most Innovative Regional College in the South.[20]
In the Forbes Magazine listing, "America's Top Colleges," High Point University was ranked 559th nationwide out of 650.[21] In August 2013, Affordable Colleges Online ranked High Point University No. 8 among 35 colleges in North Carolina based on the return on investment versus the cost of tuition and fees.[22]
High Point University offers day and evening undergraduate degree programs (Bachelor of Arts and Bachelor of Science) and evening graduate degree programs (Master of Education in Elementary Education, Master of Education in Educational Leadership, Master of Public Administration in Nonprofit Organization, Master of Business Administration, and Master of Science in Sports Studies). A doctoral degree in Educational Leadership began in the fall of 2012.
Schools[edit]
Schools at High Point include the David R. Hayworth College of Arts and Sciences, the Phillips School of Business, the Plato S. Wilson School of Commerce, the Nido R. Qubein School of Communication, the School of Art and Design, the School of Health Sciences, and the School of Education. A School of Pharmacy is projected to open in 2017.
David R. Hayworth College of Arts and Sciences[edit]
Majors housed in the College of Arts and Sciences include Actuarial Science, Biochemistry, Biology, Chemistry, Computer Science, Criminal Justice, English, French, History, Human Relations, International Relations, Mathematical Economics, Mathematics, Music, Profit Leadership Management, Physics, Philosophy, Physics, Political Science, Psychology, Religion, Sociology and Anthropology, Spanish and Theater. Beginning in the fall of 2010 almost all courses in the College of Arts and Sciences became four credit courses.
In recent years, the sciences at High Point University have made significant updates. Congdon Hall has added new office suites, classrooms and study spaces. The science departments have invested a quarter of a million dollars in new equipment to support scientific research and education on campus, including a $77,186 Institutional Development Grant from the North Carolina Biotechnology Center (NCBC) to purchase additional equipment for the cell culture lab.
The physics department was recently added as a member of the Small and Moderate Aperture Research Telescope System (SMARTS) Consortium, which operates four small telescopes at the Cerro Tololo Inter-American Observatory in Chile. In spring of 2015, High Point University physics students also had their proposal accepted to NASA’s Micro-g Neutral Buoyancy Experiment Design Teams program (Micro-g NExT)[23]
Stout School of Education[edit]
The Stout School of Education opened in August 2012. The building is 31,000-square-foot and includes smart boards, a children's book library, math and science touch screen games, a methods lab designed to look and feel like a real elementary school classroom, a Mac lab, and psychology research booths. Students have the option of majoring in Elementary Education, Health and PE, Middle Grades Education or Special Education. There is also a Master of Education in Educational Leadership and a Doctoral Degree Program in Educational Leadership.
On March 27, 2017 High Point University announced that the School of Education would be renamed to the Stout School of Education in recognition of Robert and Maggie Stout.[24]
Earl N. Phillips School of Business[edit]
The Earl N. Phillips School of Business (PSB) is a vibrant, growing school of business with academic majors including Accounting, Business Administration, Entrepreneurship, International Business, Marketing and Sales. Minors include Accounting, Business Administration, Economics, Entrepreneurship, Finance, Global Commerce, Marketing and Sales. The Philips School of Business hosts the Business Plan Competition and offers students many opportunities for internships, to hear from guest speakers, and experiential learning.
School of Art and Design[edit]
The School of Art and Design includes academic majors in Graphic Design, Interior Design, Studio Art and Visual Merchandising Design. Minors include Art History, Graphic Design, Furnishings and Product Marketing, Photography, Studio Art and Visual Merchandising Design. The Interior Design program is part of the Knabusch-Shoemaker International School of Home Furnishings and Interior Design and has two computer-assisted design (CAD) labs, a library and gallery to ehibit student work. The Interior Design Program is accredited by the Council for Interior Design Accreditation (CIDA).
Congdon School of Health Sciences[edit]
The new HPU School of Health Sciences and School of Pharmacy are currently two of the university's biggest illustrations of ongoing expansion. HPU has invested $80 million into a 170,000-square-foot building to house both programs.[14]
In 2016, High Point University received the largest National Institute of Health grant in university history. The grant will fund research to find ways to prevent ACL tears, which are most likely to occur in young female athletes.
Fred Wilson School of Pharmacy[edit]
High Point University is investing $100 million in a new, state-of-the-art facility built to house the School of Pharmacy and School of Health Science. The 65,000 square foot school is designed with the latest technology, retail pharmacy space, assessment suites, classrooms and teaching & research labs. The development of the School of Pharmacy is a part of High Point University's ten year, $1.2 billion investment in academic programs and facilities. The School of Pharmacy will accept its first professional class in 2016. By design, High Point University will have the smallest pharmacy class size in North Carolina (80) with a low student to faculty ratio (9:1).
Currently the School of Pharmacy is seeking accreditation by the Accreditation Council for Pharmacy Education (ACPE) and the Southern Association of Colleges and Schools Commission on Colleges (SACS-COC).
In 2012 Dr. Ronald Ragan accepted the position of Professor and Founding Dean of the School of Pharmacy at High Point University. He is responsible for the design and development of the new School of Pharmacy, including accreditation of the program and construction of a new Pharmacy Building. Dr. Ragan was recruited from the University of Kansas.[25] In addition to Dr. Ragan, the School of Pharmacy boasts notable faculty members Dr. Peter Gal - Associate Dean for Academic Affairs,[26] Dr. Earle Lingle - Associate Dean for Student and Professional Affairs,[27] Dr. Scott Hemby - Chair of Basic Pharmaceutical Sciences,[28] and Dr. Joy Greene - Assistant Dean for Experiential Education.[29]
High Point University's School of Pharmacy was recently featured in US Airways Magazine[30] and Our State Magazine.[31]
Nido R. Qubein School of Communication[edit]
The Nido Qubein School of Communication features two high definition television production studios, a multi-track audio recording studio, editing suites, computer labs and a high-definition surround sound theatre-screening room.
High Point University currently offers five concentrations including Electronic Media Production (Developing Audio and Video Productions), Game and Interactive Media Design, Journalism (Converged Broadcast, Online, and Print), Media and Popular Culture Studies (History, Criticism, and Analysis), Sport Communication Strategic Communication (Health Communication, Social Media, Advertising, and Public Relations). In the fall of 2015, the school will offer three new communication majors: a Bachelor of Arts in Communication with an emphasis in Sport Communication (Reporting, Broadcast Performance, and Multimedia Production), a Bachelor of Arts in Documentary Media and a Bachelor of Arts in Communication with an emphasis in Sport & Event Management (Marketing and Promotions, Community Relations, Facility and Operations, Compliance, Ticketing, and Development).
Annually, the top sixteen incoming communication majors are granted membership into High Point University's Media Fellows Program. The Media Fellows Program application is available to students who plan to major in Journalism, Electronic Media, Strategic Communication, Games and Interactive Design or Media and Popular Culture Studies.
High Point University also offers a five-year B.A. to M.A. degree in strategic communication with specializations in either health communication or public relations. Students begin graduate courses in their senior year with courses counting toward both their undergraduate and graduate degrees. They then spend one additional year taking graduate courses and earn a master's degree.
Communication majors have landed full-time positions and internships at companies such as National Air and Space Museum, Walt Disney World, Office Depot, Procter & Gamble, Seventeen magazine and many more.
In March 2015, High Point University announced that former Today Show producer Joe Michaels would be joining the Nido Qubein School of Communication as an artist-in-residence. Joe Michaels is a seven-time Emmy Award-winning director and a two-time Directors Guild of America Honoree. Other notable faculty in the School of Communication include Charisse McGhee-Lazarou, former vice president of Primetime Programming at NBC. David Neal, a 34-time Emmy Award-winning producer and Fox’s World Cup Coordinator serves on the Nido Qubein School of Communication advisory board.
In October 2016, High Point University’s event management program in the Nido R. Qubein School of Communication received international recognition as the best event management bachelor's degree and accepted the Haas & Wilkerson Pinnacle Gold Award at the 61st Annual International Festivals & Events Association Convention on Sept. 28 in Tucson, Arizona. The Pinnacle Awards recognize the quality, excellence, creativity and achievements of the festival and event industry, including the top bachelor’s, master’s and doctoral degrees in event management education. [32]
Norcross Graduate School[edit]
Norcross Graduate School at High Point University houses BA to MA/M.Ed programs (for undergraduate students only), Masters programs and Doctorate programs. BA to MA/M.Ed programs include Elementary Education (BA to M.Ed), Strategic Communication (BA to MA) and Special Education (BA to M.Ed). Masters programs include Business Administration (MBA), Education (M.Ed), Education (M.A.T), Physician Assistant Studies (MPAS) and Strategic Communication (MA). The Masters of Athletic Training (MSAT) is to come in 2017. Doctorate programs include Educational Leadership (Ed. D.), Doctor of Pharmacy (PharmD) and Doctor of Physical Therapy (DPT). Norcorss Graduate School also offers an add-on educational license for Educational Administration.
Academic programs[edit]
Bonner Leader Program[edit]
The Bonner Leader Program is a part of a nationwide network of 70+ colleges and universities affiliated with and guided by the Bonner Leader Foundation. The Bonner Leader Program at High Point University began during the 2013-2014 academic year. The program is composed of six juniors and seniors and two service learning faculty. The Bonner Leader Program is a four-year responsibility. Students commit to 5–7 hours of community service each week, culminating in over 200 hours of community service during each academic year.
HPU Poll/Survey Research Center[edit]
The Survey Research Center began at High Point University in March 2010. HPU Poll surveys people in North Carolina and other states about public affairs issues and reports the results as a public service. Since 2010, members of the HPU Poll have asked questions about approval of public officials in North Carolina and current political issues such as the economy, health care, education, and the threat of terrorism. For each High Point University Poll, the Survey Research Center staff posts press releases, summary memos that give details about survey methods and content, and presentations that highlight a selection of survey questions. HPU's Survey Research Center also supports faculty and student collaboration by managing and consulting on student-faculty research projects.
The Survey Research Center is based in the Nido Qubein School of Communication.
Human Biomechanics and Physiology Lab[edit]
The High Point University Human Biomechanics and Physiology Lab opened in November 2012 and contains a 3D motion analysis system for documenting how the body responds during individual movements using sensors, high-speed motion capture cameras, and force plates. Exercise science is now the third largest major on campus with Biology ranking number 5.
Media Fellows Program[edit]
Each year 16 incoming communication majors are granted membership into High Point University’s Media Fellows Program through the Nido R. Qubein School of Communication. Media Fellows live in a living-learning community their freshman year and have options to travel abroad. During their college career, Media Fellows also participate in summer internships at national media companies, participate in seminars related to their major and produce a Capstone project their senior year.
Pre-professional Programs[edit]
Pre-professional studies are also offered, leading to medical, dental, pharmacy, or physician assistant school, engineering, forestry school, law school, theological seminary, or other professional training.
Physician Assistant Program[edit]
In June 2015, High Point University welcomed its first class of students enrolled in the physician assistant program. Only 20 students were selected from a pool of 800 applicants and they will graduate in 2017.[33] The program will begin each summer and will span 27 months over 7 continuous semesters. In 2017, the program will be housed in HPU's new of Health Sciences and School of Pharmacy building. The program then will be able to expand to 35 students.
The course of study is divided into a 15-month didactic phase and a 12-month clinical phase. The Accreditation Review Commission on Education for the Physician Assistant granted Accreditation-Provisional status to the High Point University Physician Assistant Program sponsored by High Point University. Students will spend their first year largely in the classroom. In the second year, students will complete clinical work at High Point Regional Hospital, Novant Health Forsyth Medical Center in Winston-Salem, area Cornerstone Health Care offices and other group and private practices around the area.
High Point is the ninth North Carolina college to offer a physician assistant program. Two others are in the works, including one at UNC-Chapel Hill.[34] HPU's Physician Assistant program features a state of the art simulation lab featuring iStan, a high fidelity mannequin that can communicate, sweat, bleed, and respond to treatments.[35] Aside from the clinical simulation lab, the space also includes three real-life patient examination rooms, a traditional classroom, and a clinical skills lab.[36]
On June 7, 2015, the students participated in the traditional "white coat" ceremony to mark the beginning of their training.[37]
Admissions[edit]
In 2005, traditional undergraduate enrollment was 1,450. In 2013, High Point University welcomed 4,000 students to campus, an increase by 176 percent. Based on data gathered from the incoming class of 2012, approximately 8,200 applications were reviewed. There was a 54% acceptance rate, with 1,333 enrolling. 78% of the freshmen class applied Early Decision or Early Action. For the class of 2017, the mid-range SAT scores for high school seniors applying to the university was 1000 to 1200. The mean SAT range for Critical Reading and Math was 1100 and the mean ACT Composite score for entering freshmen was 24. The average GPA on a 4.0 scale was a 3.3 un-weighted. 80% of the class was made up of students who were from states outside of North Carolina, and the class represented 41 states and 20 countries.
In the class of 2014, there were 54 students who received the titles of either National Merit Scholars, valedictorians, salutatorians or high school student government presidents. 307 students had Advanced Placement Courses from high school, earning over 1272 credit hours in 23 different subjects. Several students earned the distinction of Eagle Scout or Gold Award recipient during high school, and there were 15 languages spoken fluently among the class. The top ten states represented by the class were North Carolina, Maryland, New Jersey, Massachusetts, New York, Pennsylvania, Connecticut, Virginia, Ohio and Florida. The class is 74% Caucasian, 6% African American, 3% Hispanic or Latin American, 1% Asian or Asian-American, and 16% Other.[38]
Student life[edit]
High Point University is a residential campus by design, with 19 residence halls in total. In 2015 Business Insider ranked High Point University #4 in the nation for best residence halls.[39] All High Point University students are required to reside on campus until they have reached senior status, unless they commute from their parent's permanent address.
High Point University has 12 dining locations on campus including 5 restaurants, Chick-fil-A, Subway, 3 convenience stores and 2 Starbucks. In November 2015 High Point University made Business Insider's list of the 20 colleges with the best dining halls.[40]
Career and professional development[edit]
The Office of Career and Professional Development at High Point University helps students explore their career interests, identify their strengths, and develop a plan that will prepare them for life after graduation. As a part of the Four Year Career Plan, HPU Career advisors help students with freshman career planning, establishing a LinkedIn profile, updating resumes, creating an effective cover letter, applying for graduate school and applying for internships and jobs. The Office of Career and Professional Development also offers an externship course aimed at second semester freshmen and sophomores seeking career-based experience and skill development.
Students who have utilized the Office of Career and Professional Development have landed internships at regional, national, and global organizations such as Ashley Furniture, CBS, CNN, Hearst Magazines, Living Social, Michael Kors, Microsoft, NASA, Vineyard Vines, Good Housekeeping, Paramount Studios, Pfizer Pharmaceuticals and more.
Community Enrichment Series/Access to Innovators[edit]
Students are provided with Access to Innovators, which has brought scores of world-renowned thought-leaders and speakers to campus, including Mitch Albom, Steve Forbes, Malcolm Gladwell, Seth Godin, John C. Maxwell, Thomas Friedman, Ken Dychtwald, and CNN Justice Correspondent Pamela Brown (journalist). Guest speakers are selected to provide students and the community the opportunity to understand diverse viewpoints, positions and backgrounds. Recently, Marc Randolph, the co-founder of Netflix.[41] and Biz Stone, the co-founder of Twitter.[42] While Marc was on campus he took part in a question-and-answer session titled “A Discussion with High Point University President Nido Qubein” and spent time in the Belk Entrepreneurship Center to review High Point University students’ business concepts. Biz also took part in a discussion with President Nido Qubein and spent time with communication and entrepreneurship students.
The Cultural Enrichment Series was named the Community Enrichment Series in 2014. Guests to campus in the 2014-2015 year included Dutch artist Theo Jansen, digital art pioneer Barbara Nessim, sports television announcer Bob Rathbun,[43] Navy Seal Rob O'Neill,[44] pianist Marvin Blickenstaff, and artist Mariyah Sultan.[45] These events are open to students, faculty, staff, and the surrounding community.
Most recently, High Point University announced that Steve Wozniak, the co-founder of Apple Inc. computer, has on a new role as High Point University’s Innovator in Residence.[46] Through an ongoing partnership, Wozniak will connect with HPU students and visited campus on March 23, 2016. The partnership with Steve Wozniak stems from High Point University's focus on providing access to innovators for students.[47]
High Point University also offers students the chance to expand their movie repertoire with the Faculty Film Series, which features faculty-selected films to be shown on campus in the Extraordinaire Cinema and Qubein Screening Room. Films included in the series connect with specific courses being taught on campus during the semester.
Greek life[edit]
There are currently 14 Greek organizations on campus governed by the following councils:
Panhellenic Council (NPC) - Alpha Chi Omega, Alpha Gamma Delta, Kappa Delta, Phi Mu, Sigma Sigma Sigma, Zeta Tau Alpha.
National Pan-Hellenic Council (NPHC) - Alpha Kappa Alpha, Delta Sigma Theta, Kappa Alpha Psi, Zeta Phi Beta.
Interfraternity Council (IFC) - Pi Kappa Phi, Beta Theta Pi, Kappa Alpha Order, Kappa Sigma.Sigma Nu, [48]
Many Greek students are University Ambassadors, Resident Assistants, Peer Mentors, Campus Activity Team members, and Presidential Scholars. Students at High Point University cannot become members of a Greek organization on campus until they have completed at least one semester. Recruitment begins in October and November and ends in January. Students must have at least a 2.5 GPA.
Honor societies[edit]
Honor societies at High Point University include the Order of the Lighted Lamp, Alpha Chi (both recognize academic achievement), Alpha Delta Omega (Human Relations), Beta Beta Beta (Biology), Sigma Delta Pi (Spanish), Pi Delta Phi (French), Phi Sigma Iota (Foreign Language), Lambda Pi Eta (Communications), Alpha Sigma Lambda (Adult Learners), Pi Sigma Alpha (Political Science), Kappa Delta Pi (Education), Delta Mu Delta (Business), Psi Chi (Psychology), Alpha Phi Sigma (Criminal Justice), Sigma Tau Delta (International English Honors Society), and Alpha Lambda Delta.
In April 2015, 254 students were inducted into High Point University's newest honor society, Alpha Lambda Delta. The mission of Alpha Lambda Delta is to encourage superior academic achievement, to promote intelligent living and a high standard of learning, and to assist students in recognizing and developing meaningful goals in society.
Special guest speakers[edit]
In recent years, the school has brought high-profile speakers to campus for commencement, including former President George W. Bush, former President Bill Clinton, former New York mayor Rudolph Giuliani, televangelist pioneer the Rev. Robert Schuller, Queen Noor of Jordan, U.S. Supreme Court Justice Clarence Thomas, astronaut and children's book author Buzz Aldrin, Coca-Cola Company Chairman and CEO Muhtar Kent, the former U.S. First Lady Laura Bush, and Steve Wozniak, the co-founder of Apple.
Colin L. Powell was selected as the 2014 Commencement speaker. Prior to his appearance on campus, Colin Powell gained the university and city of High Point national publicity. The news network CNN ranked High Point University and Colin Powell’s address as fifth in the country for a segment titled "2014’s Big-Name College Commencement Speakers."[49] The morning of commencement, ABC News streamed the entirety of High Point University's graduation ceremony live on their news website. Additionally, The Huffington Post featured a video of Powell's commencement speech citing key pieces of advice he shared with the High Point University Class of 2014 on May 3.[50]
In August 2014, High Point University announced that the distinguished journalist Tom Brokaw, best known as the anchor and managing editor for NBC Nightly News,[51] would be the 2015 commencement speaker. Before the commencement weekend, he made USA Today's list of 'Most Prominent College Graduation Speakers of 2015'.[52] The Huffington Post highlighted Brokaw's speech[53] which urged High Point University graduates to be a new generation that sees past race, gender and superficial lines that divide.
In May 2016, Condoleezza Rice, 66th Secretary of State, served as the Commencement speaker.[54] High Point University President Nido Qubein believes that "Secretary Rice has served this country in measurable ways through her work in our nation’s capital, in free enterprise, in academia and in efforts to improve education for children. She embodies the American spirit and its core values, which we proudly celebrate on our campus." [55] Condoleezza Rice joined President Nido Qubein in a question-and-answer session on Friday, May 6 and addressed the Class of 2016 at High Point University's Commencement ceremony on Saturday, May 7, 2016.[56]
In August 2016, High Point University announced that journalist and television news anchor Wolf Blitzer of CNN's The Situation Room will serve as the 2017 Commencement Speaker.
Throughout the years, other special guests have included former President Bill Clinton, social and political analyst Armstrong Williams, baseball hall of fame recipient Cal Ripken Jr., author Chris Gardner, Olympic gold medalist Jennifer Azzi, former George W. Bush advisor Karl Rove, Grammy award-winning singer Lee Greenwood, physician Patch Adams, and best-selling author Stedman Graham. Local speakers include North Carolina governor Pat McCrory and Richard Childress, president and CEO of Richard Childress Racing. Speakers have also included Tony award-winning composer Charles Strouse and Steve Harvey.
HPU welcomed Chancellor of UNC Chapel Hill, Carol Folt who was interviewed by president Nido Qubein for UNCTV. HPU also welcomed Stanford University professor, TED speaker and author, Carol Dweck, who was interviewed by president Qubein on her research and book "Mindset" which focuses on the idea of Growth Mindset.
In February 2017, Apple Co-Founder and HPU Innovator in Residence, Steve Wozniak, was welcomed back to campus to speak with students, faculty, staff and members of the community about a variety of topics.[57]
National Advisory Board[edit]
The National Board of Advisors is composed of Fortune 500 CEOs and thought leaders who have impacted the United States of America and the world in significant ways. Most recently, HPU announced they have appointed Anthony Atala[58] of Wake Forest Institute for Regenerative Medicine[59] to their National Board of Advisors.
Other distinguished members include General Colin Powell and Steve Wozniak,[60] Dr. James Moeser, chancellor emeritus at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill; Ron Wanek, founder and chairman of Ashley Furniture; Marty Flanagan, president and CEO of Invesco Ltd.; Kelly King, chairman and CEO of BB&T; Bonnie McElveen-Hunter, CEO & Owner of Pace Communications, Chairwoman of the American Red Cross and former U.S. Ambassador to Finland; Kurt L. Darrow, President and CEO of La-Z-Boy; Rich Handler, CEO and Director of Leucadia and CEO and Chairman of the Board for Jeffries Group; Tim Belk, chairman and CEO of Belk Stores, and David King, CEO of LabCorp.
Notable alumni[edit]

Nido R. Qubein - Seventh president of High Point University, businessman, motivational speaker, author
Cody Allen - Major League Baseball pitcher for the Cleveland Indians. Drafted in the 23rd Round of the 2011 Major League Baseball Draft
Elizabeth Carty - Miss North Carolina Teen USA
Chris Cottrell – Lincoln Memorial University Assistant Men's Basketball Coach
Dick Culler – Major League Baseball player
Julia Dalton - Miss North Carolina USA
Austin Dillon – NASCAR Sprint Cup Series driver, 2011 NASCAR Camping World Truck Series Champion, 2013 NASCAR Nationwide Series Champion
Lauch Faircloth – Former United States Senator (R-NC)
Donna Fargo – Grammy-winning country music singer/songwriter
Issa Konare – PBL Basketball player for the Vermont Frost Heaves and plays for Senegal's national team
Gene Littles – Former ABA basketball player and NBA coach
Jack Lucas – Youngest Marine to receive the Congressional Medal of Honor
Donald Marriott - N.C. State Tennis Champion 2003
Robert "50" Martin – professional basketball player Atlanta Vision; former And1 streetballer
Robert R. Merhige, Jr. - A federal judge for the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Virginia who is known for his ruling on desegregation in the 1970s.
Taylor Milne – Canadian Olympian in the 1500 metres
Arizona Reid – Professional basketball player for the San Miguel Beerman
Jaime Schultz - baseball player[61]
Tubby Smith – NCAA coach and assistant coach of the 2000 U.S. Men's Basketball Team
John Taylor - star of the Emmy Award-nominated weight loss series Too Fat for 15: Fighting Back, and New Jersey's State Teacher of the Year for 2016[62]

Community involvement[edit]
In 2011, students in the High Point University School of Education partnered with The Montlieu Academy of Technology in High Point to allow students the opportunity to use iPads in the classroom. The iPads given to the school were funded by High Point University, Businesses for Excellence in Education, the William B. Millis Fund of the High Point Community Foundation and the Joseph M. Bryan Foundation.
In 2014, an article in The High Point Enterprise stated that the iPads donated to Montlieu Academy had positive results.[63]
In 2015 High Point University President Nido Qubein announced that HPU would make the lead gift of $100,000 for a local YMCA Splash Park. The Splash Park will give children in the High Point community a place to stay cool and healthy over the summer. In 2016, the Charl Chavis YMCA in High Point hosted the grand opening of the Splash Park where HPU dedicated the park in honor of Carlvena Foster, executive director of the YMCA and a High Point University alumna.[64]
High Point University and High Point Regional Hospital announced in February 2016 that they have "partnered the creation of the Community Rehabilitation Clinic- a clinic to treat the insured and the uninsured populations with a variety of physical therapy and rehabilitation needs."
In the summer of 2016, HPU graduate Brandon Holder spoke as part of TedxGreensboro about finding his passion and developing a solar-powered water purification system to help bring water to developing nations. His organization is called "Water the World: Live Locally. Give Globally."
In late September 2016, The HPU Department of Physics hosted their third annual "HPUniverse Day" which invites local children and their families to campus for activities focused on science, astronomy, space exploration and more. In 2016, nearly 1,000 people attended the event/ Giving children the opportunity to enjoy science but also consider it as a field of work someday is part of the event's goal, according to lead organizer Dr. Brad Barlow, assistant professor of astrophysics. [65]
For the sixth consecutive year, High Point University hosted its annual Community Christmas Celebration, welcoming more than 20,000 community members and their families. Visitors experience music, entertainment, falling snow, meeting Santa, arts and crafts, a petting zoo, train rides, food and drinks, thousands of lights and beautiful holiday decorations. This event is free of charge to the community.[66]
Athletics[edit]
Main article: High Point Panthers
The High Point Panthers include HPU's 16 athletic teams that compete at the NCAA Division I level, mostly in the Big South Conference. HPU's 16 varsity sports are baseball, men's and women's basketball, men's and women's cross country, men's and women's golf, men's and women's lacrosse, men's and women's soccer, men's and women's indoor track & field, men's and women's outdoor track & field and women's volleyball. In recent years, HPU has won nine Big South Conference Championships, produced 10 Conference Players of the Year; and more than 130 HPU athletes have received Big South All-Academic Honors.
The 2010–11 season was the most successful since High Point University joined NCAA Division I in 1999–2000. In the fall, the women's soccer team and women's volleyball team won Big South Tournaments and the men's soccer team won the Big South regular season.[67] In the spring, the women's lacrosse team won the National Lacrosse Conference tournament and set a record for wins by a first-year program, with 15.[68]
The 2010-2011 women's lacrosse team success led to other accomplishments in 2013. The assistant women's lacrosse coach Lauren Norris was selected to coach the 2013 Israel National Lacrosse Team in the 2013 FIL Women's World Cup.
In the fourth round of the 2013 Major League Soccer (MLS) Supplemental Draft, the Columbus Crew picked High Point University senior midfielder Shawn Sloan.
High Point University also fields the following sports at the club level: men's and women's basketball, men's and women's golf, men's and women's lacrosse, men's and women's rowing, running, men's and women's soccer, men's and women's swimming, men's and women's tennis, women's field hockey, softball, ultimate frisbee, equestrian and ice hockey.[69]
In the fall of 2013, the High Point University field hockey team qualified for the national tournament in Virginia Beach with a 6-2-0 season. The club equestrian team is a member of the Intercollegiate Horse Show Association (IHSA).
Donations to High Point University's Athletic Department have exceeded $30 million. The primary athletics facilities at High Point University are the Millis Center (basketball, volleyball), Williard Stadium (baseball) and the Witcher Athletic Center at Vert Stadium (track, soccer, lacrosse).[70]
In May 2009, former University of North Carolina captain Scott Cherry was named head coach of men's basketball.
High Point University broke ground on a 31,500 square-foot facility in 2013. The facility will house a 120-seat academic center as well as athletic training rooms. The newest building on campus will also include new locker rooms and lounges for men's and women's lacrosse and soccer teams, as well as offices for coaches and support staff members.
In May 2014, High Point University announced the appointment of Dan Hauser as the new Athletic Director, effective July 1, 2014. Hauser has spent the last eight years as Senior Associate Athletic Director at Ohio University. He previously served as Director of Marketing at Wake Forest University.
In July 2016, The Big South announced the 2015-2016 Presidential Honor Roll, where High Point University Athletics had the highest percentage of 3.0 GPAs.[71]
At the beginning of 2017, High Point University announced plans for a new basketball arena and conference center to be built on campus. The facility will be named for High Point University president, Dr. Nido R. Qubein and his wife, Mariana Qubein. Construction is to begin in 2018 and it is projected to open in 2020.[72]
It was also announced in early 2017 that the basketball court in the new arena will be named for University of Memphis Head Coach and High Point University alumni, Tubby Smith. Orlando, "Tubby" Smith and his wife, Donna Smith, generously donated $1 million to the construction of the new facility.[73]
Publications and media[edit]

High Point University Magazine, for alumni
The Apogee, the literary magazine
Black Script
Campus Chronicle, rated one of the Top 20 campus newspapers in the United States by the American Scholastic Press Association
HPU Radio, student produced and broadcast via Hpuradio.com
Zenith, yearbook
"HPU Sports Link", Broadcasts HPU athletics live online

In May 2013, HPU graduates Collin Smith and Ernest Greene were featured on ABC World News Tonight with Diane Sawyer, Good Morning America, and Fox & Friends Christmas Special. Smith was a three-sport athlete in high school before a car accident left him paralyzed from the chest down. Greene was a member of Smith's church when the accident occurred and volunteered his time throughout Smith's college career to help him get ready for school and take notes during his classes. Smith graduated in 2013 and Greene received an honorary degree during the Commencement Ceremony.
In Fall 2013, High Point University President Nido R. Qubein made a live appearance on CNBC's Squawk Box to discuss the American Dream and the importance of a holistic education.
Sechrest Gallery[edit]
A permanent collection of original works donated to the University by High Point Alumnus Darrell L. Sechrest. Among others, the permanent collection includes works by Christian Dietrich, Sir Lawrence Alma-Tadema, Sir Joshua Reynolds, Allesandro Gherardini, El Greco, George Harvey, Emile Louis Picault, Elsie Popkin, and Antonio Zucchi and Angelica Kauffman. The gallery is housed within the Hayworth Fine Arts Center.[74]
Controversy[edit]
Since taking office in 2005, President Nido Qubein has been adding campus buildings and creating student amenities such as concierge services, an on-campus steak house, free carwashes, and an icecream truck.[75] In early 2012 Businessweek reported that about $700 million in new building and campus upgrades was financed by heavy borrowing and Moody's Investors Service downgraded the school’s bonds to junk status in 2009 due to the school's position as one of the most heavily leveraged colleges in the country.[75] The U.S. Department of Education's "financial responsibility" score for the 2012 and 2013 fiscal year has High Point University scoring the highest possible score of 3, putting the university ahead of Elon University, Duke University, and Davidson College.[76] Businessweek responded by inviting the school to make financial documents available to support any challenges to the article's accuracy, but none were offered in response.[75] In addition to questioning debt levels, Businessweek challenged whether the school's relationships with its lenders and vendors were at an appropriate arm's length, citing in particular that the school spends large marketing dollars with a public relations firm headed by the president's daughter. The college's claims to a growing reputation in higher education were challenged as being based more on high-end student amenities and marketing strategy than on solid academics.[75]
References[edit]


^ As of June 30, 2011. "U.S. and Canadian Institutions Listed by Fiscal Year 2011 Endowment Market Value and Percentage Change in Endowment Market Value from FY 2010 to FY 2011" (PDF). 2011 NACUBO-Commonfund Study of Endowments. National Association of College and University Business Officers. Retrieved June 16, 2011. 
^ [1], High Point University
^ "High Point University". Retrieved August 15, 2015. 
^ "Regional College South Rankings | Top Regional Colleges South | US News Best Colleges". colleges.usnews.rankingsandreviews.com. Retrieved 2016-05-27. 
^ "Most Innovative Schools | Regional Colleges South | US News Best Colleges". colleges.usnews.rankingsandreviews.com. Retrieved 2016-05-27. 
^ Sizemore, F. J., ed. The Buildings and the Builders of a City: High Point, North Carolina. High Point: Hall Printing Company, 1947. p. 318-319
^ Robinson, Blackwell P., and Alexander R. Stoesen. The History of Guilford County, North Carolina, U.S.A. to 1980, A.D. Greensboro: The Guilford County Bicentennial Commission, 1980. p. 233
^ Robinson, Blackwell P., and Alexander R. Stoesen. "The History of Guilford County, North Carolina, U.S.A. To 1980, A.D." Greensboro: The Guilford County Bicentennial Commission, 1980. p. 235
^ https://web.archive.org/web/20040928204703/http://www.high-point.net/edc/2002annrpt.pdf%7C High Point Economic Development Corporation Website
^ "Rhino Times - June 19, 2014". Archived from the original on November 29, 2014. Retrieved August 15, 2015. 
^ StartClass, Nido Qubien -- High Point University #4, Retrieved December 14, 2015, "...Total Compensation: $2,909,148.."
^ Jean Stancill, December 8, 2015, News & Observer, The president of High Point University ranked as the third highest-paid university president in the country, according to a Chronicle of Higher Education report on 2013 data, Retrieved December 14, 2015, "....."
^ Kambhampati, Sandhya. "32 Leaders of Private Colleges Earned More Than $1 Million in 2013". The Chronicle of Higher Education. The Chronicle of Higher Education. Retrieved December 6, 2015. 
^ a b c "Can High Point University fly higher?". Triad Business Journal. May 23, 2014. Retrieved August 15, 2015. 
^ "Page Not Found - HP® Official Site". Archived from the original on December 18, 2014. Retrieved August 15, 2015. 
^ john.newsom@news-record.com, John Newsom. "HPU delves into past for 90th birthday". Retrieved February 26, 2017. 
^ "High Point University unveils plan to 'lead the way' with $160M in new building projects - Greensboro - Triad Business Journal". Triad Business Journal. Retrieved 2016-05-27. 
^ http://colleges.usnews.rankingsandreviews.com/best-colleges/high-point-university-2933
^ http://colleges.usnews.rankingsandreviews.com/best-colleges/rankings/regional-colleges-south
^ http://colleges.usnews.rankingsandreviews.com/best-colleges/high-point-university-198695/overall-rankings
^ "America's Top Colleges". Forbes. Retrieved August 15, 2015. 
^ "Online Colleges in North Carolina - AffordableCollegesOnline.org". Retrieved August 15, 2015. 
^ "NASA invites High Point University students to test device". Greensboro News & Record. Retrieved August 15, 2015. 
^ "Couple donates $5 million to HPU". The High Point Enterprise. Retrieved 3.27.17.  Check date values in: |access-date= (help)
^ "School of Pharmacy associate dean leaving KU for top spot with new program". Retrieved August 15, 2015. 
^ High Point University. "HPU Welcomes Gal as Associate Dean for Academic Affairs for the School of Pharmacy". High Point University. Retrieved August 15, 2015. 
^ High Point University. "School of Pharmacy Welcomes Lingle as Associate Dean". High Point University. Retrieved August 15, 2015. 
^ High Point University. "Hemby Joins School of Pharmacy". High Point University. Retrieved August 15, 2015. 
^ High Point University. "Greene Joins School of Pharmacy". High Point University. Retrieved August 15, 2015. 
^ High Point University. "ISSUU - High Point University Feature in US Airways Magazine by High Point University". Issuu. Retrieved August 15, 2015. 
^ High Point University. "ISSUU - Our State Magazine HPU Feature October 2013 by High Point University". Issuu. Retrieved August 15, 2015. 
^ "Past Pinnacle Winners". Retrieved February 26, 2017. 
^ "High Point University welcomes first students in physician assistant program - Greensboro - Triad Business Journal". Triad Business Journal. June 5, 2015. Retrieved August 15, 2015. 
^ "High Point University starts physician assistant program". Winston-Salem Journal. Retrieved August 15, 2015. 
^ HPU's PA Program Opens State of the Art Simulation Lab. YouTube. May 14, 2014. Retrieved August 15, 2015. 
^ "Meet Stan. He cries, sweats, talks and pees. And he's a mannequin". Retrieved August 15, 2015. 
^ University, High Point (2015-06-07). "HPU Hosts Inaugural White Coat Ceremony and Welcomes First Class of PA Students - High Point University". High Point University. Retrieved 2016-05-15. 
^ High Point University. "Freshmen Class Profile". High Point University - Undergraduate Admissions. Retrieved August 15, 2015. 
^ "The 30 colleges with the best dorms". Retrieved February 26, 2017. 
^ "The 20 colleges with the best dining halls". Retrieved February 26, 2017. 
^ REPORT, ENTERPRISE STAFF. "Netflix co-founder to visit HPU". Retrieved February 26, 2017. 
^ "Twitter (NYSE: TWTR) co-founder Biz Stone to speak at High Point University - Greensboro - Triad Business Journal". Triad Business Journal. Retrieved 2016-05-27. 
^ "Sportscaster Bob Rathbun Shares Industry Expertise at HPU". Retrieved August 15, 2015. 
^ "Page Not Found - HP® Official Site". Archived from the original on February 24, 2015. Retrieved August 15, 2015. 
^ David Ford. "Sechrest Gallery Presents "Elemental Emulsions: Mariyah Sultan Paintings"". Retrieved August 15, 2015. 
^ University, High Point. "Apple Co-Founder Steve Wozniak Becomes HPU's Innovator in Residence". GlobeNewswire News Room. Retrieved 2016-05-27. 
^ "Steve Wozniak named Innovator in Residence at High Point University". Retrieved February 26, 2017. 
^ High Point University. "Greek Life". Greek Life. Retrieved August 15, 2015. 
^ Jamie Gumbrecht, CNN (April 25, 2014). "College commencement speakers for 2014 announced - CNN.com". CNN. Retrieved August 15, 2015. 
^ "Congress Needs To Stop And Listen To Colin Powell's Commencement Speech (VIDEO)". The Huffington Post. Retrieved August 15, 2015. 
^ [2][dead link]
^ "Most prominent college commencement speakers of 2015 - USA TODAY College". USA TODAY College. Retrieved August 15, 2015. 
^ "Tom Brokaw: We Can't Fulfill America's Promise If We Are Blinded By Color". The Huffington Post. Retrieved August 15, 2015. 
^ REPORTS, STAFF. "Condoleezza Rice to speak at HPU graduation". Retrieved February 26, 2017. 
^ Journal, Jordan Howse/Winston-Salem. "Condoleezza Rice to speak at HPU graduation". Retrieved February 26, 2017. 
^ Hill, Jarred. "Condoleezza Rice speaks at HPU graduation". WXII12. Retrieved 2016-05-27. 
^ Yahoo Finance. Yahoo Finance http://finance.yahoo.com/news/apple-co-founder-steve-wozniak-172956871.html. Retrieved 3/10/17.  Check date values in: |access-date= (help); Missing or empty |title= (help)
^ Anthony Atala. "Anthony Atala: Growing new organs - TED Talk - TED.com". Retrieved August 15, 2015. 
^ High Point University. "National Board of Advisors Adds Dr. Anthony Atala". High Point University. Retrieved August 15, 2015. 
^ Reports, Staff. "Colin Powell, Steve Wozniak join new High Point University board". Retrieved February 26, 2017. 
^ "Schultz selects D-1 baseball". troyrecord.com. Retrieved April 10, 2015. 
^ "Jersey City educator named N.J. charter school teacher of the year". www.nj.com. Retrieved 2016-07-23. 
^ "Page Not Found - HP® Official Site". Archived from the original on September 18, 2014. Retrieved August 15, 2015. 
^ University, High Point (2016-05-12). "Carl Chavis YMCA Opens Splash Park for Children in High Point - High Point University". High Point University. Retrieved 2016-05-27. 
^ University, High Point. "Science Comes to Life at HPUniverse Day for Local Children - High Point University - - High Point University - High Point, NC". Retrieved February 26, 2017. 
^ O'Connell, Elaina (December 14, 2016). "High Point University Hosts Annual Community Christmas". TWC News. TWC News. Retrieved February 7, 2017. 
^ High Point University Panthers - High Point leads Sasser Cup standings after fall. Highpointpanthers.com (2010-12-01). Retrieved on 2013-08-09.
^ High Point University Panthers - HPU women's lacrosse finishes season with loss to No. 2 UNC. Highpointpanthers.com (2011-05-06). Retrieved on 2013-08-09.
^ High Point University Panthers - Club Sports at HPU. Highpointpanthers.com. Retrieved on 2013-08-09.
^ "High Point University Panthers - HPU dedicates Witcher Athletic Center". High Point University. Retrieved August 15, 2015. 
^ "Big South Announces 2015-16 Presidential Honor Roll". Retrieved February 26, 2017. 
^ Newsom, John (January 30, 2017). "High Point University details plans for basketball arena, conference center". Winston-Salem Journal. Retrieved February 7, 2017. 
^ Staff, Web (February 7, 2017). "High Point University to name new basketball court after Tubby Smith". Fox 8. Fox 8. Retrieved February 7, 2017. 
^ "High Point University" (PDF). Retrieved August 15, 2015. 
^ a b c d "BubbleU: High Point University", Bloomberg Businessweek, April 19, 2012
^ "Financial Responsibility Composite Scores". Retrieved August 15, 2015. 



Loy, Gary, High Point University 90th Anniversary Photo Book. Lulu Press, 2014.
McCaslin, Dr. Richard B., Remembered Be Thy Blessings: High Point University: The College Years, 1924–1991. High Point University, 1995.

External links[edit]

Official website







v
t
e


Private colleges and universities in North Carolina






Barber-Scotia
Barton
Belmont Abbey
Bennett
Brevard
Campbell
Catawba
Charlotte Christian
Chowan
Davidson
Duke
Elon
Gardner–Webb
Greensboro
Guilford
High Point
Johnson C. Smith
John Wesley
Lees–McRae
Lenoir–Rhyne
Livingstone
Louisburg
Mars Hill
Meredith
Methodist
Mid-Atlantic Christian
Montreat
Mount Olive
North Carolina Wesleyan
Pfeiffer
Piedmont International
Queens
St. Andrews
St. Augustine's
Salem
Shaw
Southeastern Baptist
Southeastern Free Will Baptist
Warren Wilson
Wake Forest
William Peace
Wingate












v
t
e


Big South Conference



Full members



Campbell Fighting Camels and Lady Camels (football joining in 2018)
Charleston Southern Buccaneers
Gardner–Webb Runnin' Bulldogs
Longwood Lancers
Presbyterian Blue Hose





Non-football members



High Point Panthers
Liberty Flames and Lady Flames (Football ineligible in final FCS season in 2017 as program transitions to FBS)
Radford Highlanders
UNC Asheville Bulldogs
Winthrop Eagles





ASUN football alliance



Kennesaw State Owls
North Alabama Lions (joining in 2019)





Football-only members



Monmouth Hawks












v
t
e


International Association of Methodist-related Schools, Colleges, and Universities






Adrian
Alaska Pacific
Albion
Albright
Allegheny
American
Andrew
Baker
Baldwin Wallace
Bennett
Bethune-Cookman
Birmingham-Southern
Boston University
Brevard
Centenary (Louisiana)
Centenary University
Central Methodist
Claflin
Clark Atlanta
Columbia College (South Carolina)
Cornell College
Dakota Wesleyan
Denver
DePauw
Dickinson College
Dillard
Drew
Duke
Emory
Emory & Henry
Evansville
Ferrum
Florida Southern
Green Mountain
Greensboro
Hamline
Hendrix
High Point
Hiwassee
Huntingdon
Huston-Tillotson
Illinois Wesleyan
Indianapolis
Iowa Wesleyan
Kansas Wesleyan
Kendall
Kentucky Wesleyan
LaGrange
Lambuth
Lebanon Valley
Lindsey Wilson
Lon Morris
Louisburg
Lycoming
MacMurray
Martin Methodist
McKendree
McMurry
Meharry Medical
Methodist
Millsaps
Morningside
Mount Union
Nebraska Methodist
Nebraska Wesleyan
North Carolina Wesleyan
North Central
Northwestern University
Ohio Northern
Ohio Wesleyan
Oklahoma City
Otterbein
Oxford of Emory
Pacific
Paine
Pfeiffer
Puget Sound
Philander Smith
Randolph
Randolph-Macon
Reinhardt
Rocky Mountain
Rust
Shenandoah
Simpson College
Southern Methodist
Southwestern College (Kansas)
Southwestern University
Spartanburg Methodist
Syracuse
Tennessee Wesleyan
Texas Wesleyan
Union (Kentucky)
Virginia Wesleyan
Wesley College (Delaware)
Wesleyan College
West Virginia Wesleyan
Wiley
Willamette
Wofford
Young Harris










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=High_Point_University&oldid=791106320"					
Categories: High Point UniversityEducational institutions established in 1924High Point, North CarolinaLiberal arts colleges in North CarolinaUniversities and colleges accredited by the Southern Association of Colleges and SchoolsUniversities and colleges in Guilford County, North CarolinaUniversities and colleges in North Carolina1924 establishments in North CarolinaHidden categories: CS1 errors: datesAll articles with dead external linksArticles with dead external links from May 2017Pages with citations lacking titlesPages with citations having bare URLsUse mdy dates from September 2015Coordinates on WikidataInstances of Infobox university using image size 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


Español 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 18 July 2017, at 05:10.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 





















Sechrest - AbeBooks













abebooks.com Passion for books.


Sign OnMy AccountBasket Help 












Search

By Keyword
By Title
By Author
By ISBN
By Publisher
By Collection


Find
Advanced Search


















              Item added to your basket
              

View basket




              Order Total (1 Item Items):
 
Shipping Destination: 


Proceed to Basket





 


View basket




Continue shopping





Sechrest

You Searched For:

Author:
sechrest

Edit Your Search







Results (1 - 30) of 250

1
2
3
4
5


›








Sort By 

Author A-Z
Author Z-A
Bookseller Rating
Highest Price
Lowest Price
Lowest Total Price
Most Recently Listed
Relevance (Beta)
Title A-Z
Title Z-A
Year of Publication Ascending
Year of Publication Descending






Show results for
Product Type


All Product Types 


Books (249)


Magazines & Periodicals (1)


Comics


Sheet Music


Art, Prints & Posters


Photographs


Maps


Manuscripts & Paper Collectibles



Refine by
Condition



All Conditions 


New Books (99)      


Used Books (151)      

Binding



All Bindings 


Hardcover (64)      


Softcover (133)      

Collectible Attributes



First Edition (10)      


Signed Copy (4)      


Dust Jacket (4)      


Seller-Supplied Images (7)      


Not Printed On Demand 

Free Shipping



Free US Shipping (81)      

Bookseller Location


All Locations

Select a Country

Select a Country

Australia
Canada
France
Germany

Ireland
U.S.A.
United Kingdom





Bookseller Rating



All Booksellers 


and up (249)      


and up (248)      


and up (239)      


  (155)      

 



Search Within These Results:


























            Stock Image
    








The Creation of Joe Bankhead

Sechrest, William B.


              Published by
              Vantage Press, Incorporated
(1990)


ISBN 10: 0533084288
ISBN 13: 9780533084289



Used

Quantity Available: 1

From: Better World Books (Mishawaka, IN, U.S.A.)
Bookseller Rating:









Price: US$ 3.48

Convert Currency
Shipping:
FREE

      Within U.S.A.
  
Destination, Rates & Speeds



Item Description: Vantage Press, Incorporated, 1990. Book Condition: Good. Shows some signs of wear, and may have some markings on the inside.  Bookseller Inventory # GRP18638039

More Information About This Seller
              | Ask Bookseller a Question
1.


















            Stock Image
    








Improving Assessment in Rehabilitation and Health

Lee B. Sechrest


              Published by
              SAGE Publications, Inc
(1993)


ISBN 10: 0803950853
ISBN 13: 9780803950856



Used
First Edition

Quantity Available: 1

From: Better World Books: West (Reno, NV, U.S.A.)
Bookseller Rating:









Price: US$ 3.48

Convert Currency
Shipping:
FREE

      Within U.S.A.
  
Destination, Rates & Speeds



Item Description: SAGE Publications, Inc, 1993. Book Condition: Good. 1st Edition. Ships from Reno, NV. Former Library book. Shows some signs of wear, and may have some markings on the inside.  Bookseller Inventory # GRP95614749

More Information About This Seller
              | Ask Bookseller a Question
2.


















            Stock Image
    








Effective Business and Technical Presentations

George L. Morrisey, Thomas Sechrest


              Published by
              Perseus Books (Sd)
(1987)


ISBN 10: 0201158523
ISBN 13: 9780201158526



Used

Quantity Available: 1

From: Better World Books: West (Reno, NV, U.S.A.)
Bookseller Rating:









Price: US$ 3.48

Convert Currency
Shipping:
FREE

      Within U.S.A.
  
Destination, Rates & Speeds



Item Description: Perseus Books (Sd), 1987. Book Condition: Very Good. 3rd Edition. Ships from Reno, NV. Great condition for a used book! Minimal wear.  Bookseller Inventory # GRP96318197

More Information About This Seller
              | Ask Bookseller a Question
3.


















            Stock Image
    








Loud and Clear: How to Prepare and Deliver Effective Business and Technical Presentations

George L. Morrisey, Thomas L. Sechrest, Wendy B. Warman


              Published by
              Perseus Books Group
(1997)


ISBN 10: 0201127938
ISBN 13: 9780201127935



Used

Quantity Available: 1

From: Better World Books (Mishawaka, IN, U.S.A.)
Bookseller Rating:









Price: US$ 3.64

Convert Currency
Shipping:
FREE

      Within U.S.A.
  
Destination, Rates & Speeds



Item Description: Perseus Books Group, 1997. Book Condition: Good. (4th)97 Edition. Shows some signs of wear, and may have some markings on the inside.  Bookseller Inventory # GRP2467063

More Information About This Seller
              | Ask Bookseller a Question
4.


















            Stock Image
    








Loud and Clear: How to Prepare and Deliver Effective Business and Technical Presentations

George L. Morrisey, Thomas L. Sechrest, Wendy B. Warman


              Published by
              Perseus Books Group
(1997)


ISBN 10: 0201127938
ISBN 13: 9780201127935



Used

Quantity Available: 1

From: Better World Books: West (Reno, NV, U.S.A.)
Bookseller Rating:









Price: US$ 3.64

Convert Currency
Shipping:
FREE

      Within U.S.A.
  
Destination, Rates & Speeds



Item Description: Perseus Books Group, 1997. Book Condition: Very Good. (4th)97 Edition. Ships from Reno, NV. Former Library book. Great condition for a used book! Minimal wear.  Bookseller Inventory # GRP96294862

More Information About This Seller
              | Ask Bookseller a Question
5.

















            Stock Image
    








Loud And Clear: How To Prepare And Deliver Effective Business And Technical Presentations, Fourth Edition

George L. Morrisey, Thomas L. Sechrest, Wendy B. Warman


              Published by
              Basic Books


ISBN 10: 0201127938
ISBN 13: 9780201127935



Used
Paperback

Quantity Available: 1

From: OwlsBooks (Toledo, MD, U.S.A.)
Bookseller Rating:









Price: US$ 3.65

Convert Currency
Shipping:
FREE

      Within U.S.A.
  
Destination, Rates & Speeds



Item Description: Basic Books. Paperback. Book Condition: VERY GOOD. Very Good copy, cover and pages show some wear from reading and storage. Binding may have light creases. Lots of life left in these pages.  Bookseller Inventory # 2737206724

More Information About This Seller
              | Ask Bookseller a Question
6.

















            Stock Image
    








Loud And Clear: How To Prepare And Deliver Effective Business And Technical Presentations, Fourth Edition

George L. Morrisey, Thomas L. Sechrest, Wendy B. Warman


              Published by
              Basic Books


ISBN 10: 0201127938
ISBN 13: 9780201127935



Used
Paperback

Quantity Available: 1

From: Hippo Books (Toledo, OH, U.S.A.)
Bookseller Rating:









Price: US$ 3.65

Convert Currency
Shipping:
FREE

      Within U.S.A.
  
Destination, Rates & Speeds



Item Description: Basic Books. Paperback. Book Condition: VERY GOOD. Cover and pages show some wear from reading and storage. May have creases on the cover and binding caused from handling and reading. Some pages may contain writing and or highlighting.  Bookseller Inventory # 2755878018

More Information About This Seller
              | Ask Bookseller a Question
7.

















            Stock Image
    








Loud And Clear: How To Prepare And Deliver Effective Business And Technical Presentations, Fourth Edition

George L. Morrisey, Thomas L. Sechrest, Wendy B. Warman


              Published by
              Basic Books


ISBN 10: 0201127938
ISBN 13: 9780201127935



Used
Paperback

Quantity Available: 1

From: Free Shipping Books (Toledo, OH, U.S.A.)
Bookseller Rating:









Price: US$ 3.65

Convert Currency
Shipping:
FREE

      Within U.S.A.
  
Destination, Rates & Speeds



Item Description: Basic Books. Paperback. Book Condition: VERY GOOD. little to no wear, pages are clean. The cover and binding are crisp with next no creases.  Bookseller Inventory # 2759034673

More Information About This Seller
              | Ask Bookseller a Question
8.

















            Stock Image
    








Loud And Clear: How To Prepare And Deliver Effective Business And Technical Presentations, Fourth Edition

Morrisey, George L.; Sechrest, Thomas L.; Warman, Wendy B.


              Published by
              Basic Books


ISBN 10: 0201127938
ISBN 13: 9780201127935



Used
Paperback

Quantity Available: 1

From: Books Squared (Dallas, TX, U.S.A.)
Bookseller Rating:









Price: US$ 3.81

Convert Currency
Shipping:
FREE

      Within U.S.A.
  
Destination, Rates & Speeds



Item Description: Basic Books. Paperback. Book Condition: Very Good. Nice condition with minor indications of previous handling.  Bookseller Inventory # G0201127938I4N00

More Information About This Seller
              | Ask Bookseller a Question
9.

















            Stock Image
    








Loud And Clear: How To Prepare And Deliver Effective Business And Technical Presentations, Fourth Edition

Morrisey, George L.; Sechrest, Thomas L.; Warman, Wendy B.


              Published by
              Basic Books


ISBN 10: 0201127938
ISBN 13: 9780201127935



Used
Paperback

Quantity Available: 1

From: Yankee Clipper Books (Windsor Locks, CT, U.S.A.)
Bookseller Rating:









Price: US$ 3.81

Convert Currency
Shipping:
FREE

      Within U.S.A.
  
Destination, Rates & Speeds



Item Description: Basic Books. Paperback. Book Condition: Good. Book shows a small amount of wear to cover and binding. Some pages show signs of use.  Bookseller Inventory # G0201127938I3N00

More Information About This Seller
              | Ask Bookseller a Question
10.

















            Stock Image
    








The Creation of Joe Bankhead

Sechrest, William B.


              Published by
              Vantage Press, Incorporated


ISBN 10: 0533084288
ISBN 13: 9780533084289



Used
Hardcover

Quantity Available: 1

From: Blue Cloud Books (Phoenix, AZ, U.S.A.)
Bookseller Rating:









Price: US$ 3.81

Convert Currency
Shipping:
FREE

      Within U.S.A.
  
Destination, Rates & Speeds



Item Description: Vantage Press, Incorporated. Hardcover. Book Condition: Fair.  Bookseller Inventory # G0533084288I5N00

More Information About This Seller
              | Ask Bookseller a Question
11.

















            Stock Image
    








Loud And Clear: How To Prepare And Deliver Effective Business And Technical Presentations, Fourth Edition

Morrisey, George L.; Sechrest, Thomas L.; Warman, Wendy B.


              Published by
              Basic Books


ISBN 10: 0201127938
ISBN 13: 9780201127935



Used
Paperback

Quantity Available: 1

From: Second City Books (Aurora, IL, U.S.A.)
Bookseller Rating:









Price: US$ 3.81

Convert Currency
Shipping:
FREE

      Within U.S.A.
  
Destination, Rates & Speeds



Item Description: Basic Books. Paperback. Book Condition: Very Good. Very good condition - book only shows a small amount of wear.  Bookseller Inventory # G0201127938I4N00

More Information About This Seller
              | Ask Bookseller a Question
12.

















            Stock Image
    








Loud And Clear: How To Prepare And Deliver Effective Business And Technical Presentations, Fourth Edition

Morrisey, George L.; Sechrest, Thomas L.; Warman, Wendy B.


              Published by
              Basic Books


ISBN 10: 0201127938
ISBN 13: 9780201127935



Used
Paperback

Quantity Available: 1

From: Green Earth Books (Portland, OR, U.S.A.)
Bookseller Rating:









Price: US$ 3.81

Convert Currency
Shipping:
FREE

      Within U.S.A.
  
Destination, Rates & Speeds



Item Description: Basic Books. Paperback. Book Condition: Good. Light shelving wear with minimal damage to cover and bindings. Pages show minor use.  Bookseller Inventory # G0201127938I3N00

More Information About This Seller
              | Ask Bookseller a Question
13.

















            Stock Image
    








The Role of the Helping Professions in Treating the Victims and Perpetrators of Violence

Morley D. Glicken, Dale Sechrest


              Published by
              Allyn & Bacon
(2003)


ISBN 10: 0205326862
ISBN 13: 9780205326860



Used

Quantity Available: 1

From: Better World Books (Mishawaka, IN, U.S.A.)
Bookseller Rating:









Price: US$ 3.92

Convert Currency
Shipping:
FREE

      Within U.S.A.
  
Destination, Rates & Speeds



Item Description: Allyn & Bacon, 2003. Book Condition: Fair. Shows definite wear, and perhaps considerable marking on inside.  Bookseller Inventory # GRP96563461

More Information About This Seller
              | Ask Bookseller a Question
14.

















            Stock Image
    








Effective Business And Technical Presentations, Third Edition

G L Morrisey, Thomas L Sechrest


              Published by
              Basic Books


ISBN 10: 0201158523
ISBN 13: 9780201158526



Used
Paperback

Quantity Available: 1

From: OwlsBooks (Toledo, MD, U.S.A.)
Bookseller Rating:









Price: US$ 3.98

Convert Currency
Shipping:
FREE

      Within U.S.A.
  
Destination, Rates & Speeds



Item Description: Basic Books. Paperback. Book Condition: GOOD. Good clean copy with no missing pages might be an ex library copy; Possibly may have minor marginal notes and or highlighting.  Bookseller Inventory # 2511571909

More Information About This Seller
              | Ask Bookseller a Question
15.
















            Stock Image
    








Effective Business and Technical Presentations

Morrisey, George L., Sechrest, Thomas


              Published by
              Perseus Books (Sd)


ISBN 10: 0201158523
ISBN 13: 9780201158526



Used

Quantity Available: 1

From: Wonder Book (Frederick, MD, U.S.A.)
Bookseller Rating:









Price: US$ 3.99

Convert Currency
Shipping:
FREE

      Within U.S.A.
  
Destination, Rates & Speeds



Item Description: Perseus Books (Sd). Book Condition: Good. . 3rd edition. Writing inside.  Bookseller Inventory # V07A-00123

More Information About This Seller
              | Ask Bookseller a Question
16.
















            Stock Image
    








Loud And Clear: How To Prepare And Deliver Effective Business And Technical Presentations, Fourth Edition

Morrisey, George L., Sechrest, Thomas L., Warman, Wendy B.


              Published by
              Basic Books


ISBN 10: 0201127938
ISBN 13: 9780201127935



Used

Quantity Available: 1

From: Wonder Book (Frederick, MD, U.S.A.)
Bookseller Rating:









Price: US$ 3.99

Convert Currency
Shipping:
FREE

      Within U.S.A.
  
Destination, Rates & Speeds



Item Description: Basic Books. Book Condition: Good. . Owner's name inside.Writing inside.  Bookseller Inventory # U09F-00096

More Information About This Seller
              | Ask Bookseller a Question
17.
















            Stock Image
    








Effective Business and Technical Presentations

Morrisey, George L., Sechrest, Thomas


              Published by
              Perseus Books (Sd)


ISBN 10: 0201158523
ISBN 13: 9780201158526



Used

Quantity Available: 2

From: Wonder Book (Frederick, MD, U.S.A.)
Bookseller Rating:









Price: US$ 3.99

Convert Currency
Shipping:
FREE

      Within U.S.A.
  
Destination, Rates & Speeds



Item Description: Perseus Books (Sd). Book Condition: Very Good. .  Bookseller Inventory # SB01C-00836

More Information About This Seller
              | Ask Bookseller a Question
18.
















            Stock Image
    








Loud And Clear: How To Prepare And Deliver Effective Business And Technical Presentations, Fourth Edition

Morrisey, George L., Sechrest, Thomas L., Warman, Wendy B.


              Published by
              Basic Books


ISBN 10: 0201127938
ISBN 13: 9780201127935



Used

Quantity Available: 1

From: Wonder Book (Frederick, MD, U.S.A.)
Bookseller Rating:









Price: US$ 3.99

Convert Currency
Shipping:
FREE

      Within U.S.A.
  
Destination, Rates & Speeds



Item Description: Basic Books. Book Condition: Very Good. . 4th edition.  Bookseller Inventory # B14C-00649

More Information About This Seller
              | Ask Bookseller a Question
19.




















Psychology and Human Problems.

Sechrest, Lee and John Wallace, Jr.


              Published by
              Charles E. Merrill Books



Used
Hardcover

Quantity Available: 1

From: Free State Books (Halethorpe, MD, U.S.A.)
Bookseller Rating:









Price: US$ 4.01

Convert Currency
Shipping:
FREE

      Within U.S.A.
  
Destination, Rates & Speeds



Item Description: Charles E. Merrill Books. Hardcover. Book Condition: Good. Dust jacket in good condition. Shelf and handling wear to cover and binding, with general signs of previous use.  Bookseller Inventory # 1214452776

More Information About This Seller
              | Ask Bookseller a Question
20.


















            Stock Image
    








Loud And Clear: How To Prepare And Deliver Effective Business And Technical Presentations, Fourth Edition

Morrisey, George L.; Sechrest, Thomas L.; Warman, Wendy B.


              Published by
              Basic Books
(1997)


ISBN 10: 0201127938
ISBN 13: 9780201127935



Used
Paperback

Quantity Available: 1

From: Dionysos Books (Arabi, LA, U.S.A.)
Bookseller Rating:









Price: US$ 4.19

Convert Currency
Shipping:
FREE

      Within U.S.A.
  
Destination, Rates & Speeds



Item Description: Basic Books, 1997. Paperback. Book Condition: Used: Very Good. Minimal wear.  Bookseller Inventory # 161223297

More Information About This Seller
              | Ask Bookseller a Question
21.

















            Stock Image
    








Loud And Clear: How To Prepare And Deliver Effective Business And Technical Presentations, Fourth Edition

Morrisey, George L.; Sechrest, Thomas L.; Warman, Wendy B.


              Published by
              Basic Books


ISBN 10: 0201127938
ISBN 13: 9780201127935



Used
PAPERBACK

Quantity Available: 1

From: Orion Tech (Grand Prairie, TX, U.S.A.)
Bookseller Rating:









Price: US$ 4.38

Convert Currency
Shipping:
FREE

      Within U.S.A.
  
Destination, Rates & Speeds



Item Description: Basic Books. PAPERBACK. Book Condition: Very Good. 0201127938 .  Bookseller Inventory # GTA5726HDCG071816H0491P

More Information About This Seller
              | Ask Bookseller a Question
22.

















            Stock Image
    








Understanding Causes and Generalizing about Them

Sechrest, Lee B.


              Published by
              Wiley & Sons, Incorporated, John


ISBN 10: 1555426964
ISBN 13: 9781555426965



Used
Paperback

Quantity Available: 1

From: Silver Arch Books (St Louis, MO, U.S.A.)
Bookseller Rating:









Price: US$ 4.57

Convert Currency
Shipping:
FREE

      Within U.S.A.
  
Destination, Rates & Speeds



Item Description: Wiley & Sons, Incorporated, John. Paperback. Book Condition: Very Good. Book shows a small amount of wear - very good condition.  Bookseller Inventory # G1555426964I4N00

More Information About This Seller
              | Ask Bookseller a Question
23.

















            Stock Image
    








Understanding Causes and Generalizing About Them (New Directions for Evaluation)

Sechrest, Lee B.


              Published by
              Jossey-Bass Inc Pub
(1993)


ISBN 10: 1555426964
ISBN 13: 9781555426965



Used

Quantity Available: 1

From: Better World Books (Mishawaka, IN, U.S.A.)
Bookseller Rating:









Price: US$ 4.58

Convert Currency
Shipping:
FREE

      Within U.S.A.
  
Destination, Rates & Speeds



Item Description: Jossey-Bass Inc Pub, 1993. Book Condition: Good. Former Library book. Shows some signs of wear, and may have some markings on the inside.  Bookseller Inventory # GRP8424095

More Information About This Seller
              | Ask Bookseller a Question
24.

















            Stock Image
    








Understanding Causes and Generalizing About Them (New Directions for Evaluation)

Sechrest, Lee B.


              Published by
              Jossey-Bass Inc Pub
(1993)


ISBN 10: 1555426964
ISBN 13: 9781555426965



Used

Quantity Available: 1

From: Better World Books (Mishawaka, IN, U.S.A.)
Bookseller Rating:









Price: US$ 4.58

Convert Currency
Shipping:
FREE

      Within U.S.A.
  
Destination, Rates & Speeds



Item Description: Jossey-Bass Inc Pub, 1993. Book Condition: Good. Shows some signs of wear, and may have some markings on the inside.  Bookseller Inventory # GRP3054335

More Information About This Seller
              | Ask Bookseller a Question
25.





















Psychology and human problems

Sechrest, Lee


              Published by
              C. E. Merrill Books, Columbus, Ohio
(1967)



Used
Hardcover

Quantity Available: 1

From: Better World Books Ltd (Dunfermline, United Kingdom)
Bookseller Rating:









Price: US$ 1.00

Convert Currency
Shipping:
US$ 3.87

      From United Kingdom to U.S.A.
  
Destination, Rates & Speeds



Item Description: C. E. Merrill Books, Columbus, Ohio, 1967. hardcover. Book Condition: Good. Ships from the UK. Former Library book. Shows some signs of wear, and may have some markings on the inside.  Bookseller Inventory # GRP87517495

More Information About This Seller
              | Ask Bookseller a Question
26.


















            Stock Image
    








Loud And Clear: How To Prepare And Deliver Effective Business And Technical Presentations, Fourth Edition

George L. Morrisey, Thomas L. Sechrest, Wendy B. Warman


              Published by
              Basic Books
(1997)


ISBN 10: 0201127938
ISBN 13: 9780201127935



Used
Paperback

Quantity Available: 1

From: Once Upon A Time Books (Springdale, AR, U.S.A.)
Bookseller Rating:









Price: US$ 1.00

Convert Currency
Shipping:
US$ 3.95

      Within U.S.A.
  
Destination, Rates & Speeds



Item Description: Basic Books, 1997. Paperback. Book Condition: Good. We have been selling books online for nearly 20 years, so buy with confidence. Every order is shipped the same day or the next day. This is a used book in good condition and may show some signs of use or wear .  Bookseller Inventory # mon0002202738

More Information About This Seller
              | Ask Bookseller a Question
27.



















Unobtrusive Measures

Donald T. Campbell, Richard D. Schwartz and Lee Sechrest Eugene J. Webb


              Published by
              Rand McNally & Company



Used

Quantity Available: 1

From: Wonder Book (Frederick, MD, U.S.A.)
Bookseller Rating:









Price: US$ 5.09

Convert Currency
Shipping:
FREE

      Within U.S.A.
  
Destination, Rates & Speeds



Item Description: Rand McNally & Company. Book Condition: Good. . Stamped on inside.  Bookseller Inventory # SB19F-01257

More Information About This Seller
              | Ask Bookseller a Question
28.
















            Stock Image
    








Loud and Clear: How to Prepare and Deliver Effective Business and Technical Presentations

George L. Morrisey, Thomas L. Sechrest, Wendy B. Warman


ISBN 10: 0201127938
ISBN 13: 9780201127935



Used
Softcover

Quantity Available: 1

From: BookHolders (gambrills, MD, U.S.A.)
Bookseller Rating:









Price: US$ 1.00

Convert Currency
Shipping:
US$ 4.25

      Within U.S.A.
  
Destination, Rates & Speeds



Item Description: Book Condition: Good. [ No Hassle 30 Day Returns ][ Ships Daily ] [ Underlining/Highlighting: NONE ] [ Writing: NONE ] [ Edition: fourth ] Publisher: Perseus Books Group Pub Date: 5/1/1997 Binding: Paperback Pages: 201 fourth edition.  Bookseller Inventory # 5057778

More Information About This Seller
              | Ask Bookseller a Question
29.


















            Stock Image
    








Jail Management and Liability Issues

Sechrest, Dale K., Collins, William C.


              Published by
              Coral Gables Pub Co
(1989)


ISBN 10: 0938993054
ISBN 13: 9780938993056



Used
First Edition

Quantity Available: 1

From: Better World Books (Mishawaka, IN, U.S.A.)
Bookseller Rating:









Price: US$ 5.40

Convert Currency
Shipping:
FREE

      Within U.S.A.
  
Destination, Rates & Speeds



Item Description: Coral Gables Pub Co, 1989. Book Condition: Good. First Edition. Shows some signs of wear, and may have some markings on the inside.  Bookseller Inventory # GRP71402748

More Information About This Seller
              | Ask Bookseller a Question
30.



 
 


Results (1 - 30) of 250

1
2
3
4
5


›








Sort By 

Author A-Z
Author Z-A
Bookseller Rating
Highest Price
Lowest Price
Lowest Total Price
Most Recently Listed
Relevance (Beta)
Title A-Z
Title Z-A
Year of Publication Ascending
Year of Publication Descending







Create a Want
Tell us what you're looking for and once a match is found, we'll inform you by e-mail.
Create a Want


BookSleuth
Can't remember the title or the author of a book? Our BookSleuth is specially designed for you.
Visit BookSleuth


Help with Search
Search Tips 
Glossary of Terms 
Set your own Search Preferences





Mobile View:
 Available
Not Available
×




























     Tailored Brands, Inc.
        – Filings and Transcripts
    – BamSEC


































Toggle navigation

















                                Product 


Features
Product Details
Help Center
Pricing


Contact

Log In


Free Trial








            Tailored Brands, Inc.
        


 Watch 




                NYSE: TLRD
            
               
            
 Share price (7/22/17): 

                $11.83
            
               
            
 Market cap (7/22/17): 

                $580.2 million
            





Warning: Large portions of this site require JavaScript enabled in order to function properly. Please make sure JavaScript is enabled in your browser.
Please let us know at support@bamsec.com if you have any questions or concerns.





 Categorized
            

 Chronological
            

 Ownership by Owner
            

 Transcripts
            

 Your Highlights
            

Search in Documents









Key Exhibits

Articles of Inc. & Bylaws
Credit Agreements
Indentures
Material Contracts
Plans of Reorganization
Underwriting Agreements

External Links



                        Google Finance
                        




                    SEC EDGAR
                    







Financials         

Filter












            10-Q
        


            ended         04/29/17

        

                        Q1
        

                        06/08/17

        




            10-K
        


            ended         01/28/17

        

                        FY 2016
        

                        03/24/17

        




            10-Q
        


            ended         10/29/16

        

                        Q3
        

                        12/08/16

        




            10-Q
        


            ended         07/30/16

        

                        Q2
        

                        09/08/16

        




            10-Q
        


            ended         04/30/16

        

                        Q1
        

                        06/09/16

        




            10-K
        


            ended 12/34/56
        

                        ## ####
        

                        03/25/16

        




            10-Q
        


            ended 12/34/56
        

                        ##
        

                        12/10/15

        







Prospectuses and Registrations         

Filter












            S-8
        

            Registration of securities for employees
        

                        07/18/17

        




            S-8
        

            Registration of securities for employees
        

                        07/18/16

        




            S-8
        

            Registration of securities for employees
        

                        02/01/16

        




            S-8 POS
        

            Amendment to registration of securities for employees
        

                        02/01/16

        




            S-8 POS
        

            Amendment to registration of securities for employees
        

                        02/01/16

        




            S-8 POS
        

            ######### ## ############ ## ########## ### #########
        

                        02/01/16

        




            S-8 POS
        

            ######### ## ############ ## ########## ### #########
        

                        02/01/16

        







Ownership         

Filter












            4
        

            Lathi Dinesh S.
        

                        06/30/17

        




            11-K
        

            Annual report of employee stock purchase, savings and similar
        

                        06/27/17

        




            4
        

            Rhodes a Alexander
        

                        06/22/17

        




            4
        

            Calandra Jack
        

                        06/22/17

        




            4
        

            Stein Sheldon I
        

                        06/19/17

        




            4
        

            ######## ####### #
        

                        06/19/17

        




            4
        

            ####### #####
        

                        06/19/17

        









News         

Filter












            8-K
        

            Declares Quarterly Cash Dividend
        

                        06/16/17

        




            8-K
        

            Reports Fiscal 2017 First Quarter Results
        

                        06/07/17

        




            8-K
        

            Change in Directors, Officers or Compensation, Financial Statements or Exhibits
        

                        05/17/17

        




            8-K
        

            Updates Fiscal 2017 Outlook
        

                        05/03/17

        




            8-K
        

            Appoints Dinesh Lathi to Succeed William Sechrest as Chairman of the Board
        

                        03/28/17

        




            8-K
        

            ######## ##### ##### ## ######### ### ##### ######### #######
        

                        03/22/17

        




            8-K
        

            ######## ######### #### ########
        

                        03/17/17

        







Proxies         

Filter












            DEFA14A
        

            Additional info about upcoming vote
        

                        05/04/17

        




            DEF 14A
        

            Definitive proxy
        

                        05/04/17

        




            DEFA14A
        

            Additional info about upcoming vote
        

                        05/05/16

        




            DEF 14A
        

            Definitive proxy
        

                        05/05/16

        




            PRE 14A
        

            Preliminary proxy
        

                        04/20/16

        




            DEFA14A
        

            ########## #### ##### ######## ####
        

                        05/19/15

        




            DEF 14A
        

            ########## #####
        

                        05/19/15

        







Other         

Filter












            SD
        

            Conflict Minerals disclosure
        

                        05/31/17

        




            SD
        

            Conflict Minerals disclosure
        

                        05/31/16

        




            UPLOAD
        

            Letter from the SEC
        

                        11/17/15

        




            CORRESP
        

            Correspondence with the SEC
        

                        11/05/15

        




            UPLOAD
        

            Letter from the SEC
        

                        10/27/15

        




            SD
        

            ######## ######## ##########
        

                        05/29/15

        




            ARS
        

            ####### ##### ###### ###### ##########
        

                        05/22/15

        









See an issue? Let us know.







×
Report an Issue




What is the issue?



Your email

Optional. Fill in if you would like to receive a reply from us.




Cancel
Report Issue










×
Report Submitted


Thank you for reporting the issue. If you have provided an email address, we will be in touch shortly.



Close









×
Report Not Submitted


Sorry, your submission did not go through. This could be due to a network error or, if you are at an investment bank, your company disallowing issue report submissions.



Cancel
Try again?










Free Trial


Features


© 2017 BamSEC, Inc.
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Browse

























Men's Wearhouse, Inc. (The) (MW) Market Data & News - Equities.com






















































BREAKING NEWS


Previous


Next






                  Stocks End Mixed As Earnings Season Begins                





                  ​SEC Investigates Registration Violations in EB-5 Offerings                





                  This Time It Is Different                





                  Aptevo Therapeutics (APVO): Co-Developing New Immuno-Oncology Drug with Alligator Bioscience                





                  5 Key Differences Between Founding a For-Profit and a Non-Profit Startup                











US/Global
Canada
















Companies




Log in






Login to your account










Log in




  			Remember Me  		

Forgot your password?

Forgot your username?

























Register



















































Men's Wearhouse, Inc. (The)
(MW)


 Follow






x close



                            By  |
                            












Profile
Men's Wearhouse is a retailer of men's suits and a provider of tuxedo rental product in the United States and Canada.
Issuer Information



NAICS:
Other Clothing S











                                                    
                                                    (%)
                        



 Company data no longer available 




Last Price
											N/A										

Change $
											N/A										

Change %
											N/A										

Tick
											N/A
										



Bid
											N/A										

Bid Size
											0.00										

Ask
											N/A										

Ask Size
											0.00										



Open
											N/A										

High
											N/A										

Low
											N/A										

Prev Close
											N/A										



Last Trade


Volume
											0										

52 Wk Hi
											66.18										

52 Wk Low
											9.95										



Market Cap
											N/A										

Ex-Div Date
																							N/A
																					

Div Rate
											N/A										

Yield
											N/A										



Shares
											49,048,248.00										

EPS (TTM)
											0.51										

PE Ratio
											23.20										

Exchange
											NYSE										




Insider


Estimates


Analysts



















 
Last 3 Mo
Last 12 Mo




Number of Insider Trades 
0
18


Number of Buys
0
17


Number of Sells
0
1


Net Activity
0
32033








Last 10 Buys
Shares




Grace Nichols
1,000


Rinaldo S. Brutoco
1,000


David H. Edwab
1,000


David H. Edwab
1,000


David H. Edwab
1,000


B. Michael Becker
1,000


B. Michael Becker
1,000








Last 10 Sell
Shares




James R. Bragg
1,000


William B. Sechrest
1,000


William B. Sechrest
1,000


Sheldon I. Stein
1,000


Sheldon I. Stein
1,000


James R. Bragg
1,000


William B. Sechrest
1,000


William C. Silveira
1,000


Brian T. Vaclavik
1,000


B. Michael Becker
1,000




 




 
Current
1 Week Ago
2 Weeks Ago
3 Weeks Ago




High Target Price Estimate
30
30
30
30


Low Target Price Estimate
15
15
15
15


Mean Target Price Estimate
20.33
20.33
20.33
20.33


Standard Deviation
8.39
8.39
8.39
8.39


Date of Most Recent Estimate
02/02/16
02/02/16
02/02/16
02/02/16








 
Current
1 Month Ago
2 Months Ago
3 Months Ago




Strong Buy
0
0
1
1


Moderate Buy
0
0
0
0


Hold
4
4
3
3


Moderate Sell
0
0
0
0


Strong Sell
0
0
0
0


Mean Rec.
3
3
2.5
2.5


 



















×
You must log in first


I'm sorry, but in order to complete what you're trying to do, you must be logged in.


Take me to log in
Don't have an account?
I'm good for now




 
  
 







Corporate SitePremium ProductsAdvertisingRSS Feeds




AboutContactSite MapTestimonials




Privacy PolicyTerms and ConditionsDisclaimerConference











© 2017 Equities
* All dates and time are being displayed in Eastern Standard Time (EST).






 



























































Tailored Brands Inc. (TLRD) Market Data & News - Equities.com






















































BREAKING NEWS


Previous


Next






                  Stocks End Mixed As Earnings Season Begins                





                  ​SEC Investigates Registration Violations in EB-5 Offerings                





                  This Time It Is Different                





                  Aptevo Therapeutics (APVO): Co-Developing New Immuno-Oncology Drug with Alligator Bioscience                





                  5 Key Differences Between Founding a For-Profit and a Non-Profit Startup                











US/Global
Canada
















Companies




Log in






Login to your account










Log in




  			Remember Me  		

Forgot your password?

Forgot your username?

























Register



















































Tailored Brands Inc.
(TLRD)


 Follow


 Trade






x close



                            By  |
                            












Profile
Tailored Brands Inc, formerly Men\'s Wearhouse is a retailer of men\'s suits and a provider of tuxedo rental product in the United States and Canada.
Contact Information


Website:
www.menswearhouse.com


Email:
ir@tmw.com


Main Phone:
+1 281 776-7000


Address:
6380 Rogerdale Road


State:
TX


City / Town:
Houston


Country:
USA


Postal Code:
77072-1624


Issuer Information


Exchange:
 NYE 


Employees:
24500



NAICS:
Other Clothing S








                          $ 11.83                        


                                                    $ -0.03
                                                    (-0.25%)
                        








1D
5D
10D
1Mo
3Mo
6Mo
1Y
2Y
Max





Last Price
											11.83										

Change $
											-0.03										

Change %
											-0.25										

Tick
											N/A
										



Bid
											N/A										

Bid Size
											0.00										

Ask
											N/A										

Ask Size
											0.00										



Open
											11.91										

High
											11.99										

Low
											11.62										

Prev Close
											11.86										



Last Trade
Jul/21 - 16:02


Volume
											1.1 mi										

52 Wk Hi
											28.76										

52 Wk Low
											9.40										



Market Cap
											580.2 mi										

Ex-Div Date
Sep/10 2017


Div Rate
											0.72										

Yield
											6.0860										



Shares
											49,048,248.00										

EPS (TTM)
											0.51										

PE Ratio
											23.20										

Exchange
											NYSE										




Insider


Estimates


Filings


Analysts



















 
Last 3 Mo
Last 12 Mo




Number of Insider Trades 
19
77


Number of Buys
19
64


Number of Sells
0
13


Net Activity
172926
328045








Last 10 Buys
Shares




David H. Edwab
1,000


David H. Edwab
1,000


Sheldon I. Stein
1,000


Sheldon I. Stein
1,000


Sheldon I. Stein
1,000


David H. Edwab
1,000


A. Alexander Rhodes
1,000


Bruce K. Thorn
1,000


Rinaldo S. Brutoco
1,000


Rinaldo S. Brutoco
1,000








Last 10 Sell
Shares




Jon W. Kimmins
1,000


Jon W. Kimmins
1,000


B. Michael Becker
1,000


James R. Bragg
1,000


William B. Sechrest
1,000


William B. Sechrest
1,000


Sheldon I. Stein
1,000


Sheldon I. Stein
1,000


James R. Bragg
1,000


William B. Sechrest
1,000




 




 
Current
1 Week Ago
2 Weeks Ago
3 Weeks Ago




High Target Price Estimate
22
22
23
22


Low Target Price Estimate
14
14
14
14


Mean Target Price Estimate
17.6
17.6
17.8
17.6


Standard Deviation
3.58
3.58
3.9
3.58


Date of Most Recent Estimate
08/08/16
08/08/16
08/02/16
08/19/16








Form Type
Form Description
Pages
Date




S-8


					Securities offered to employees under employee benefit plans				

11
2016-07-18


8-K


					Report of unscheduled material events or corporate changes.				

8
2016-07-01


11-K


					An annual report of employee stock purchase savings and similar plans				

17
2016-06-24


4


					Statement of changes in beneficial ownership of securities				

1
2016-06-20


4


					Statement of changes in beneficial ownership of securities				

1
2016-06-20


4


					Statement of changes in beneficial ownership of securities				

1
2016-06-20


4


					Statement of changes in beneficial ownership of securities				

1
2016-06-20


4


					Statement of changes in beneficial ownership of securities				

1
2016-06-20


4


					Statement of changes in beneficial ownership of securities				

1
2016-06-20


4


					Statement of changes in beneficial ownership of securities				

1
2016-06-20








 
Current
1 Month Ago
2 Months Ago
3 Months Ago




Strong Buy
2
1
1
1


Moderate Buy
0
0
0
0


Hold
4
4
4
4


Moderate Sell
0
0
0
0


Strong Sell
0
0
0
0


Mean Rec.
2.33
2.6
2.6
2.6


 











News




                                                Top Ranked Income Stocks to Buy for July 21st                                            


July 21, 2017 - 07:56





                                                'Safer' Dividend S&P SmallCap 600 Dogs Led By TiVo Gains In July                                            


July 19, 2017 - 10:13





                                                S&P SmallCap 600 Dividend Dogs Hail Barnes & Noble As Top Gainer For July                                            


July 18, 2017 - 20:16





                                                Tailored Brands' Board Joins NACD                                            


July 18, 2017 - 16:15





                                                Rick Campanelli Joins All-Star Team Of Canadian Suit Drive Supporters                                            


July 18, 2017 - 09:00





                                                Men's Wearhouse Teams Up With Derek Hough And National Sports Coaches For 10th Annual National Suit Drive                                            


July 18, 2017 - 09:00





                                                Will Guess?'s Growth Strategies Help Push the Stock Higher?                                            


July 13, 2017 - 08:18





                                                Fashion M&A is out of fashion                                            


July 11, 2017 - 10:48





                                                Top Ranked Income Stocks to Buy for July 10th                                            


July 10, 2017 - 10:29





                                                Week 28 Breakout Forecast: Short-Term Picks To Give You An Edge                                            


July 09, 2017 - 03:23




Popular Tweets




 Fetching...


No one is talking about this yet.




 







×
You must log in first


I'm sorry, but in order to complete what you're trying to do, you must be logged in.


Take me to log in
Don't have an account?
I'm good for now




 
  
 







Corporate SitePremium ProductsAdvertisingRSS Feeds




AboutContactSite MapTestimonials




Privacy PolicyTerms and ConditionsDisclaimerConference











© 2017 Equities
* All dates and time are being displayed in Eastern Standard Time (EST).






 















































William B. Sechrest, Counsel, Shartsis Friese & Ginsburg LLP














A publisher of Business Information since 1983   
  





 


   

Search Business Search Executive 
  Advanced Search 




  

Sign In  |  Hints 









Profile of William Sechrest 





 


William Sechrest

 

Counsel - Shartsis Friese & Ginsburg LLP

 


William Sechrest Email :
Please login 

 

Company Name : 
Shartsis Friese & Ginsburg LLP 

 

Company Website : 
www.sfglaw.com 

 

Company Address : 
One Maritime Plz.18th Fl., San Francisco, CA,United States, 


 


William Sechrest Profile :
Counsel - Shartsis Friese & Ginsburg LLP 

 


William Sechrest Biography :


Mr. Sechrest recently joined the Firm in the capacity �Of Counsel.� Mr. Sechrest brings to the Firm forty years of experience in practicing law; most of that time being invested with the 300 person law firm he founded in Dallas, Texas in 1973, namely Winstead Sechrest & Minick. During this forty years, Mr. Sechrest has had the privilege of representing clients in a variety of matters including real estate acquisition and development; real estate finance; land use and entitlement issues; corporate, partnership and limited liability company structures; public finance and public/private partnership structures; equity and debt offerings; equity and debt structures and restructures (including reorganizations both outside and inside bankruptcy); commercial lending; and general corporate issues for both private and publicly held organizations including regulatory and financial reporting issues and most recently issues involving Sarbanes Oxley. Representative clients include financial institutions such as banks, savings banks, REITS, corporations, partnerships, joint ventures and funds of all kinds with counseling and legal work involving both organizational and operational matters.Most recently Mr. Sechrest�s practice has involved:Serving as general counsel for a major educational corporation, counseling it in both corporate and litigation matters.Serving as special counsel to the largest U.S. �fulfillment provider� of rebate programs on issues (both business and litigation) involving escheat and unclaimed property laws in all 50 states. Representing a major real estate client in negotiating and establishing a $50 million private equity fund for purposes of investing in real estate.Representing a major real estate client in negotiating a joint venture relationship with a major institution for purposes of investing up to $400,000,000 in real estate.Representing a wealthy individual in the litigating, negotiating, mediating and successful settling of a large estate in which the individual sued for tortious interference of her rights to inheritance and to gain control of assets in a family partnership.Representation of a corporation as defendant in a wrongful death case including mediating and settling the matter.The representation of a Texas home-rule City in the utilization of sales tax revenues and ad valorem tax increments to finance the infrastructure of a major development and the location of two major retailers in the development.Organizing a bank and negotiating a sublease of space for the banking facility.Organizing a limited liability company as a biotech company offering medical services.Over the past almost forty years, Mr. Sechrest has worked with two types of clients: (i) those that need help in organizing, developing, financing or protecting a business or an idea; and (ii) those that have business or financial problems that need solving. In this regard, Mr. Sechrest has:Represented a multi-county transportation authority in determining its authority to condemn a major metropolitan transportation system.Organized a team of attorneys to represent the owner of 55 air quality emissions facilities located in Dallas-Fort Worth, Houston, Galveston and El Paso for purposes of suing the State of Texas for the wrongful taking of these facilities. Our team obtained a $200,000,000 award and settled with the State of Texas for a major portion of the award.Formed a consulting firm and serves as a consultant consulting banks, savings and loans and developers on matters involving real estate related matters. Representation included positioning real estate assets for sale and dealing with regulatory issues, workouts, insolvency matters and reorganizations both in and out of bankruptcy.During the late 1980�s, represented three major savings banks in structuring forbearance and capital support agreements under the so-called Southwest Plan. During the 1990�s, represented REITs in their structuring and closing of acquisitions.Commencing in the 1990�s, represented a fiduciary for ERISA regulated institutions in structuring and closing for the fiduciary on behalf of the institutions real estate acquisitions.Represented both corporations and financial institutions in matters involving the adequacy of their capital and, in doing so, addressed impaired capital and insolvency issues.Formed numerous organizations including corporations, partnerships, banks, savings institutions and funds and supervised the tax, securities and regulatory matters of each in their diverse business undertakings.Performed due diligence on, negotiated the acquisition of, and closed multiple real estate transactions involving (i) regional malls, retail centers, office buildings, farms, ranches, apartments, industrial parks, hotels, motels and recreational properties and (ii) handled the development of each of these property types as well as residential subdivisions, condominiums and golf course developments.Represented financial institutions in closing construction loans, conduit loans, end loans, long term financings, co-agency loans, participations, mezzanine financings, combined loan and equity structures and equity placements.Served as mediator in numerous matters including mediating a major workout with over 20 different lenders and one hundred loans.PROFESSIONAL ACTIVITIESMr. Sechrest is a member of the Texas Bar. He is also a member of the American Bar Association and the American College of Real Estate Lawyers (ACREL). Mr. Sechrest is not a member of the California Bar.Mr. Sechrest continues to practice law in Texas and continues to spend significant time in Dallas, Texas, servicing clients in Texas. Mr. Sechrest currently serves on the Board of Directors of The Men�s Warehouse, Inc. (listed on the New York Stock Exchange) and Ojai Community Bank, a publicly traded California state bank (a bank which he organized with six other individuals). Mr. Sechrest also serves as the chairman of the Audit Committee of each of these organizations and therefore has familiarity with both board and audit committee functions involving publicly held companies. Mr. Sechrest also serves on the Board of Directors of: (i) the Dallas based Real Estate Counsel (as a past president of that organization); (ii) The Real Estate Council Foundation (formerly the Community Development Assistance Corporation) which he previously organized and chaired; (iii) the Dallas chapter of The First Tee; (iv) the World Business Academy; and (v) the Vitamin Angel Alliance. Mr. Sechrest previously served as a member of the Board of Directors of Esalen Institute and the Dallas Institute of Humanities and Culture. EDUCATIONMr. Sechrest received his BA degree from Stanford University in Economics and his J.D. from Southern Methodist University. 

 


William Sechrest Colleagues :





Name 
Title 
Email 


Jeffrey Braker 
Counsel 
Please login 


John Broadhurst 
Partner 
Please login 


Anthony Caldwell 
Counsel 
Please login 


David Catechi 
Assoc. 
Please login 


Zesara Chan 
Partner 
Please login 













            Home  |  About Us  |  Product Information   |  Subscription  |  List Builder   |  Executive List   |  Email Lists   |  Contact Us  |  Site Map  |  Browse Directory    





 

� 2009, Walkers's Research - A publisher of Business Information since 1983, All Rights Reserved.






Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft















william b sechrest - WOW.com - Web Results










AOL Search
Skip over navigation

















Search the Web



























Web





Images


Images




Reference


Reference










Search William Sechrest - Looking for William Sechrest?



Ad
 ·
Search.TruthFinder.com



Looking for William Sechrest? All You Need is a Name and State.





Search Records Now



Best Background Check



Find Out the Truth




Learn More



Best People Search



Search Arrest Records




Web Results

William B. Sechrest - Executive Bio, Compensation History ...

people.equilar.com/bio/william-sechrest-men-s-wearhouse/salary/73799


View William B. Sechrest, Board Member at Tailored Brands, Inc., Houston, TX, executive profile on Equilar Atlas to see current salary at Tailored Brands, Inc. and ...


William Sechrest - Bloomberg.com

https://www.bloomberg.com/profiles/people/4067288-william-b-sechrest


William Sechrest is Chief Financial Officer at Ojai Energy Systems Inc. See William B Sechrest's compensation, career history, education, & memberships.


WILLIAM B SECHREST - New home page | Dun & Bradstreet

https://www.dandb.com/businessdirectory/williambsechrest-saint...


Find the WILLIAM B SECHREST business profile in SAINT PETERSBURG, FL at DandB.com. Explore the Credibility Review Business Directory to learn more.


William B Sechrest - Dallas, TX | Intelius

https://www.intelius.com/people/William-Sechrest/Dallas-TX/0CT7625QWED


Get full contact details for William B Sechrest in Dallas, TX instantly. We found 19 addresses, 12 phone numbers, and 10 relatives and/or associates connected with ...


Mr. William B. Sechrest - Men'S Wearhouse Executive

executives.findthecompany.com/l/33084/Mr-William-B-Sechrest


Find compensation and employment information for Mr. William B. Sechrest (Men'S Wearhouse), including salary, stock awards, and previous employers.


William Sechrest | Whitepages

www.whitepages.com/name/William-Sechrest


View phone, address history, email, public records for the 11 people named William Sechrest. Whitepages is the most trusted directory.


TLRD William B. Sechrest Insider Trades for Tailored ...

www.marketwatch.com/investing/stock/tlrd/insiders?pid=40223


Mr. William B. Sechrest is Chairman at The Men's Wearhouse, Inc., Executive Chairman at Institute of Noetic Sciences, a Member at American College of Real Estate ...


William Sechrest | The Men's Wearhouse, Inc. | ZoomInfo.com

www.zoominfo.com/p/William-Sechrest/4480290


William B. Sechrest was born and raised in Kansas City, Missouri. Mr. Sechrest practiced law in Kansas City, Missouri, from 1967-1969 and then in Dallas, from 1969 ...


William Sechrest - Previous Chairman for The Men's ...

https://www.corporationwiki.com/.../william-b-sechrest/31729368.aspx


View William B Sechrest's profile for company associations, background information, and partnerships. Search our database of over 100 million company and executive ...


William B Sechrest - Cincinnati, OH | Intelius

https://www.intelius.com/people/William-Sechrest/Cincinnati-OH/0ZW...


Get full contact details for William B Sechrest in Cincinnati, OH instantly. We found 1 address, 1 phone number, and 2 relatives and/or associates connected with this ...










Search William Sechrest - Looking for William Sechrest?



Ad
 ·
Search.TruthFinder.com



Looking for William Sechrest? All You Need is a Name and State.





Search Records Now



Best Background Check



Find Out the Truth




Learn More



Best People Search



Search Arrest Records



12345Next






Answers







Jason Sechrest



Jason Sechrest (born November 26, 1979, Columbus, Indiana) is an on-screen personality and writer in the adult industry. He has starred in numerous...

more






William B. Wood (builder)



William B. Wood was a building contractor in Kentucky. A number of his works are listed on the National Register of Historic Places. Hausgen House,...

more






1971 Kentucky Derby



Ávila Juan D. Arias Edgar Caibett 2nd 7 Jim French Angel Cordero Jr. John P. Campo Frank Caldwell 3rd 8 Bold Reason Jean Cruguet Angel Penna, Sr....

more










News Results






Cardi B Performs "Bodak Yellow" on 'The Wendy...



XXL

 - Jul 19


Cardi B is living out the lyrics of her song “Bodak Yellow,” as she has been making some serious money moves now that the record is becoming a hit...

more





Watch Cardi B Perform “Bodak Yellow” On The...



The FADER

 - Jul 18


Cardi B recently joined Wendy Williams to bring "Bodak Yellow," the Bronx rapper's first-ever Hot 100 hit, to daytime television. Though Williams had...

more





Gilas Pilipinas faces Taiwan B in 2017...



The Manila Times Front Page

 - Jul 16


Gilas Pilipinas battles Taiwan B on Monday in the 39th William Jones Cup men’s basketball championship at the Taipei Peace International Basketball...

more


















Search the Web

















© AOL Inc. All Rights Reserved.Privacy
 | Terms of Use
 | About our Ads
 | Preferences
 | Contact Us
 | Powered by Bing™

Part of the AOL Search Network.














Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...



First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search





  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip






















Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...



First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search





  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip






















Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...



First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search





  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip






















Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...



First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search





  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip






















Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...



First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search





  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip
















