    Andrew Seelos | NUTRACEUTICAL INTERNATIONAL CORP | ZoomInfo.com










 







Andrew  Seelos's Phone & Address | PeopleByName















 
Contact
Login










 Home
People Alphabetically
S
Seelos

Andrew  Seelos




People directory with over 600,000,000 names!

Record ID: 176149544Andrew  Seelos342 725 ENorth Salt Lake, UT 84054(801) 292-1756Background Check - Available
Record ID: 176149590Andrew W Seelos299 Clover Meadow RdKaysville, UT 84037Age 50 (Born Sep 1967)(801) 547-9010Background Check - Available
Record ID: 176149591Andrew W Seelos361 1000 NBountiful, UT 84010Background Check - Available
Record ID: 587884587Andrew  Seelos342 725 ENorth Salt Lake, UT 84054(801) 292-1756Background Check - Available
Record ID: 587884610Andrew W Seelos299 Clover Meadow RdKaysville, UT 84037Age 50 (Born Sep 1967)(801) 547-9010Background Check - Available
Record ID: 587884611Andrew W Seelos361 1000 NBountiful, UT 84010Background Check - Available
Record ID: 589752366Andrew  Seelos342 725North Salt Lake, UT 84054(801) 292-1756Background Check - Available
Record ID: 589752452Andrew W Seelos299 Clover MeadowKaysville, UT 84037Age 50 (Born Sep 1967)(801) 547-9010Background Check - Available
Record ID: 589971377Andrew  Seelos342 725 ENorth Salt Lake, UT 84054(801) 292-1756Background Check - Available
Record ID: 589971416Andrew W Seelos299 Clover Meadow RdKaysville, UT 84037Age 50 (Born Sep 1967)(801) 547-9010Background Check - Available
Record ID: 589971417Andrew W Seelos361 1000 NBountiful, UT 84010Background Check - Available
Record ID: 590168734Andrew  Seelos342 725 ENorth Salt Lake, UT 84054(801) 292-1756Background Check - Available
Record ID: 590168793Andrew W Seelos299 Clover Meadow RdKaysville, UT 84037Age 50 (Born Sep 1967)(801) 547-9010Background Check - Available
Record ID: 590168794Andrew W Seelos361 1000 NBountiful, UT 84010Background Check - Available
Record ID: 591044880Andrew  Seelos342 725 ENorth Salt Lake, UT 84054(801) 292-1756Background Check - Available
Record ID: 591044894Andrew W Seelos299 Clover Meadow RdKaysville, UT 84037Age 50 (Born Sep 1967)(801) 547-9010Background Check - Available
Record ID: 591044895Andrew W Seelos361 1000 NBountiful, UT 84010Background Check - Available








 


 




1,379,043,021 total records available




Tweet





  Testimonials Read testimonials from real customers who already used our services. Read More

  Webmasters Earn 75% commission on every sale you drive to our website. Weekly payouts! Read More

   Mobile Version Visit us from your smart phone anywhere you are. Read More

   Recent Lookups Check out the most recent reverse phone lookups on PeopleByName.com Read More

 



 Home Mobile Version Phone Directory People Directory Remove information
 Terms of Service Privacy Policy Affiliate Program About Us 
 Member Login Frequently Asked Questions Contact Us Testimonials 
 Careers Product & Services Volume Discounts Site Map 




© PeopleByName All Rights Reserved. 2010-2017







Andrew W Seelos - Kaysville, UT | Intelius



























Sign In



We found Andrew W Seelos in Kaysville, UT


Andrew W Seelos

                                                                           Intelius found that Andrew W Seelos  is  a male between 40 and 50 years old from Kaysville, UT.  We have connected them to
                9 addresses,
                10 phones,
                and 4 relatives or associates.
         





Also Known As

Andrew Weber Seelos


Get Report Now

Age

Andrew W Seelos is in his 40s

Andrew Has Lived In

Kaysville, UT
North Salt Lake, UT
Provo, UT

Andrew's Relatives

Emily Seelos
Adam Seelos
Susan Seelos
Ashley Seelos







Andrew W Seelos



Zodiac SignVirgo



GenderMale



Professional Status
Assistant Vice President & Controller at Nutraceutical Corporation



Get Report Now










Want to know more about Andrew? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about Andrew, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on Andrew W Seelos
Get a Criminal Check on Andrew W Seelos
Get a Public Record Report on Andrew W Seelos
Get a People Search Report on Andrew W Seelos


Andrew W Seelos's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where Andrew W Seelos has lived as well as Andrew W Seelos's phone numbers and email addresses.




Andrew W Seelos Has Lived in 2 States
Utah Address for Andrew W Seelos


299 C***** M***** R* 

Kaysville, UT


Has Lived In

Kaysville, UT
North Salt Lake, UT


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with Andrew W Seelos

(801) ***-**** - Kaysville, UT 
(801) ***-**** - Kaysville, UT 
(435) ***-**** - Park City, UT 


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with Andrew W Seelos

a*****s@***.net
a***********s@***.com
a*****s@***.com


Get Email Report




Andrew W Seelos's Education Information
Known Schools Attended
Learn about Andrew W Seelos's academic history.  Find out which schools Andrew W Seelos attended, the dates attended as well as the degrees Andrew W Seelos received.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Andrew W Seelos Has Attended 3 Schools
Brigham Young University 1989 – 2003               Andrew W Seelos has a Masters in Accounting               
Brigham Young University               1989 – 2003               Andrew W Seelos has a Masters, in Accounting               
Brigham Young University               1989 – 2003               Andrew W Seelos has a Masters, Accounting in Accounting               


Andrew W Seelos's Professional Information
Information regarding Andrew W Seelos's professional history.  Find out previous places Andrew W Seelos has worked as well as dates employed.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Andrew W Seelos Has Worked at 6 Places
Company: Nutraceutical Corporation
               Title: Assistant Vice President & Controller
Company: Nutraceutical Corporation
               Title: Assistant Vice President and Controller
Andrew W Seelos's Experience
Title: Assistant Vice President & Controller
               Company: Nutraceutical Corporation
Job Details
               We are an integrated manufacturer, marketer, distributor and retailer of branded nutritional supplements and other natural products sold primarily to and through domestic health and natural food stores.  Internationally, we market and distribute branded nutritional supplements and other natural products to and through health and natural product distributors and retailers.  Our core business strategy is to acquire, integrate and operate businesses in the natural products industry that manufacture, market and distribute branded nutritional supplements.  We believe that the consolidation and integration of these acquired businesses provide ongoing financial synergies through increased scale and market penetration, as well as strengthened customer relationships.
Title: Assistant Vice President and Controller
               Company: Nutraceutical Corporation
Job Details
               Company Size: $100 mil to less than $250 mil - Employee Range: 500 to less than 1,000. We are an integrated manufacturer, marketer, distributor and retailer of branded nutritional supplements and other natural products sold primarily to and through domestic health and natural food stores.  Internationally, we market and distribute branded nutritional supplements and other natural products to and through health and natural product distributors and retailers.  Our core business strategy is to acquire, integrate and operate businesses in the natural products industry that manufacture, market and distribute branded nutritional supplements.  We believe that the consolidation and integration of these acquired businesses provide ongoing financial synergies through increased scale and market penetration, as well as strengthened customer relationships.
Additional Professional Information on Andrew W Seelos

 See Andrew W Seelos's LinkedIn Profile



Andrew W Seelos's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for Andrew W Seelos


Andrew W Seelos's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of Andrew W Seelos's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
Andrew Seelos
Username Matches

                  AndrewSeelos
                  SeelosAndrew
                  Andrew.Seelos
                  Seelos.Andrew
                  Andrew_Seelos
                  Seelos_Andrew
                  Andrew-Seelos
                  Seelos-Andrew
                  ASeelos
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
A Seelos







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.













Andrew W  Seelos - CEO, founder, businessman - profile

















directorpedia.net - List of CEOs, founders, board members and company directors











Andrew W  Seelos
Check out list of companies and businesses related to Andrew W  Seelos. Find out Andrew W  Seelos address and contact details. View other people related to Andrew W  Seelos - coworkers, colleagues, companions, etc.
Address:   

C/O NUTRACEUTICAL CORPORATION 1400 KEARNS BOULEVARD, 2ND FLOOR PARK CITY 84060 United States




Companies related to Andrew W  Seelos
CIKCompany NamePositionCompany Address0001050007NUTRACEUTICAL INTERNATIONAL CORPAsst VP & Controller 1400 KEARNS BOULEVARD 2ND FLOOR PARK CITY 84060




Andrew W  Seelos on the Web
Persons related to Andrew W  Seelos - NUTRACEUTICAL INTERNATIONAL CORPNamePositionCityBAIN CAPITAL FUND IV-B L PBAIN CAPITAL FUND IV LPBAIN CAPITAL INVESTORS LLCBAIN CAPITAL PARTNERS IV LPBAIN CAPITAL PARTNERS LPASSOCIATES  BCIPBCIP TRUST ASSOCIATES LPGREGORY M  BENSONDirector PARK CITYLESLIE M  BROWNSenior VP, Finance and CFO PARK CITYDavid Ellsworth  BunchSVP, Retail Initiatives PARK CITYMICHAEL D  BURKEDirector PARK CITYJ KIMO  ESPLINDirector PARK CITYJ KIMO  ESPLINDirector PARK CITYFRANK W  GAY IIChairman & CEO PARK CITYROBERT C  GAYSergio Diaz  GonzalezPARK CITYJEFFREY A  HINRICHSEVP & COO PARK CITYBRUCE R  HOUGHPresident PARK CITYGARY M  HUMEExecutive Vice President PARK CITYJason D.  JonesVP, Corporate Strategy PARK CITYMATTHEW S  LEVINCORY J  MCQUEENVice President & CFO PARK CITYCHRISTOPHER B  NEUBERGERVP, Marketing PARK CITYDAREN P.  PETERSONVP, Operations PARK CITYAndrew W  SeelosAsst VP & Controller PARK CITYSTANLEY E  SOPERSVP and Chief Legal Officer PARK CITYJames D  SticeDirector PARK CITYMatthew A.  VanceVP & Chief Information Officer PARK CITY
Potentially same personNameCityCountryAndrew  WSt. PaulMN












 










Andrew W Seelos, 49  - Kaysville, UT | MyLife.com™ Background Profile



































Search for your public page


First Name



Last Name



City





Search


*All fields are required
Already a member? Log in


















About & Contact Info






                    Photos && Social Posts






Reviews & Ratings





Court & ArrestRecords





Friends & Family












 AS


View Photos



 Edit/Remove

Andrew Seelos
 Kaysville, UT
 Age: 49 -
								09/14/1967






AKA:
                                                Andrew W Seelos, Andrew Weber Seelos, Andrew Weber seelos, 














Price waterhouse









                                    Single






Has Kids







                                    Republican Party









Education Info





  Edit/Remove My Info

View Full Contact Info
- OR -
View Full Background Details







Reputation Score:
4.00/5




4.00

							        	
													(1 Review)
												






                                        Rate:
                                        
                                            Andrew










Improve my Rating
                                                |  
                                                 Ask others to Rate




Ranking: 
Compared to U.S. Population




BAD
POOR
FAIR
GOOD











  Edit/Remove My Info
Contact Info







(801) 372-****









View Email Address, 
                                    
                                         |  Send message











29*** **** Rd


Kaysville, UT 84037







View Full Contact Details
- OR -
View Full Background Details








 + {{bingImagesInit.images.length - 4}} more
 + {{bingImagesInit.images.length - 3}} more



Summary:
                    
Summary:  

currently lives in  



Kaysville
, UT.


            Before that,  lived in
            



Provo
, UT.
         is related to
                Ashlee Spangler.
        















About & Contact Information


Andrew's Story




Summary:  

currently lives in  



Kaysville
, UT.


            Before that,  lived in
            



Provo
, UT.
         is related to
                Ashlee Spangler.
        
Views & Opinions

Pro-Life Supporter
Tea Party Supporter






Contact Information





                            This section includes information on Addresses, Phone Numbers, and Email Addresses
                        




                                                Recent Address
                                            
29*** **** Rd
Kaysville, UT
View Address


Past Address
19*** **** 309




Provo
, UT
View Address


Past Address
78*** **** Cir




Kaysville
, UT
View Address


Past Address
78*** **** Ct




Kaysville
, UT
View Address





                                                     
                                                            Current Phone Number
                                                        
(801) 372-****



                                                     
                                                            Previous Phone Number
                                                        
(801) 547-****



                                                     
                                                            Previous Phone Number
                                                        
(801) 427-****



                                                     
                                                            Previous Phone Number
                                                        
(228) 682-****





    Andrew may have hidden Social Profiles & Photos - Check Full Background Report to see Andrew's social media activity. This may contain online profiles, dating websites, forgotten social media accounts, and other potentially embarrassing profiles. This may also contain additional contact information, giving you more ways to get in touch.
                




View Full Phone, Email & Address Details





Work History










                                 Price waterhouse 





                                Assistant VP and Controller at
                                

                                 Nutraceutical corporation 





                        View Details
                     





School History




    Andrew may have Education Information - Check Full Background Report to see possible education history including where and when they attending high school and college, and a complete list of their high school class list.
                

                View Full Background Details
            





Properties




    Andrew may have Properties - Check Full Background Report to see a complete list of known properties. This may contain information such as address, market value, purchase price,  and loan amount.


                View Full Background Details
            





Corporate Affiliations




    Andrew may have Corporate Affiliations - Check Full Background Report to see a complete list of known corporate affiliations. This may contain information such as company name, job title, address, and time period of service.


                View Full Background Details
            





Licenses and Permits




    Andrew may have Licenses & Permits - Check Full Background Report to see weapons permits, Federal Aviation Administration pilot licenses and Drug Enforcement Administration licenses for prescribing controlled pharmaceuticals. If applicable, you will also see Andrew's license number and expiration date.
                

                View Full Background Details
            






Photos & Social Posts


Photos









ViewPhotos





    Andrew may have Photos - Check Full Background Report to see possible pictures and photo albums found from social and public sources.
                

                View Full Background Details
            







Social Posts





View Social Posts



    We did not find any Social Posts records after searching multiple government records, social and public sources. As part of your premium service, we will continue to search and notify you when we find new information.



    Andrew may have hidden Social Profiles & Photos - Check Full Background Report to see Andrew's social media activity. This may contain online profiles, dating websites, forgotten social media accounts, and other potentially embarrassing profiles. This may also contain additional contact information, giving you more ways to get in touch.
                





Reviews & Ratings





Andrew Seelos's Reputation Score:
4.00/5



4.00

						        	
                                            (1 Review)
                                        







                                    Rate:
                                    
                                        Andrew










Improve my Rating
                                            |  
                                             Ask others to Rate
                                            |  
                                            Write a Review




Ranking:  Compared to U.S. Population




BAD
POOR
FAIR
GOOD

















Jeffrey Tinsley, CEO & Founder of Mylife.com

Personal Review









Reply










×
Showing balanced reviews improves the credibility of your positive reviews, so consider keeping them.Are you sure you want to delete this comment?
Yes
No








×
Your request has been sent.
Close









        Court & Arrest Records
        
            
            
                
            
        
    


Arrest and Criminal Records




    Andrew may have Arrest and Criminal Records - Check Full Background Report to see possible arrest or conviction records we have found on Andrew. This may include any DUIs, traffic tickets and outstanding warrants. When applicable, we may show where the crime occurred and provide details about the offense.


                View Full Background Details
            





Sex Offender Status




    Andrew may have Sexual Offenses - Check Full Background Report to see a complete list of any and all sex offenses Andrew may have been convicted of and his current sex offender status if applicable.
                

                View Full Background Details
            





Lawsuits, Liens & Bankruptcies




    Andrew may have Lawsuits, Liens & Bankruptcies - Check Full Background Report to see local, state and federal court documents, sensitive legal information and any litigation that Andrew may have been involved in.  We'll reveal arrest details like case numbers, offense descriptions, and booking dates, where available.
                

                View Full Background Details
            







Family & Friends


Relatives/Associates






 AS

Ashlee Spangler

                                            Port Orchard, WA



 MS

Matthew Seelos

                                            Layton, UT




                                    View More Relatives
                                





Classmates




    Andrew may have a record of associated Classmates - Check Full Background Report to see possible who they are and full classlists  found from school records and public sources.
                

                View Full Background Details
            





Neighborhood Information | Information based on current address








Age








Education Level










Household Income








Estimated Home Values










Top Buying Habits








Top Interests & Hobbies



















A Full Background Report Includes



Find Background Profiles & Reputation Scores for Everyone in the U.S.



                            MyLife searches government, social & public sources to pull together all details in one place
                        




                            Contact details include addresses, email, phone numbers, photos & social profiles and more
                        




                            Background checks include arrest & court records, education & work history, personal reviews and more to asses anyone's reputation
                        



Only MyLife Helps You Improve Your Background Report & Reputation Score



                            Edit & correct your own Background Report to look your best to employers, clients, friends, dates & others searching for you on Google.
                        




                            Ask friends, family, employers & clients to review you to improve your public Reputation Score.
                        




                            Remove your information from sites you can't control to protect your privacy
                        



See What MyLife Customers Are Saying

                        "When considering new tenants, you should always
                        check and verify their background to feel secure
                        & protected. MyLife makes it easy"
                    


- Ron W.




 







Back to Top




















×
Send Message


Message sent
An error has occurred, please try again later...


How do you know this person?

Please select (used to notify recipient)
Unknown
College
High School
Junior High School
Grade School
Met on MyLife.com
Is My Friend
Related to Me
Mutual Friend
Work
Club or Organization
Religion Affiliation
Not Sure
Don't Know Them
Found You Through a Dating Service
Found Your Service



Subject



Message




 Add/Track Contact
							







SEND NOW

















×


					Your message has been sent.
				











×
Help Andrew build his reputation & public image 
Thank you for rating Andrew Seelos
Please provide additional details to give people more insight into Andrew's reputation. 



Sorry! We were unable to submit your review


                                        Please select at least one quality
                                    




Does Andrew have these qualities?
Deselect all







Personal
Professional
Dating





 Smart
 Loyal
 Honest
 Good listener
 Humble
 Generous
 Fun
 Easy going
 Optimistic
 Kind
I would NOT be friends with Andrew
 I would be friends

Is there anything you want to say about  on a personal level?
  (Optional)




 Responsible
 Hardworking
 Intelligent
 Collaborative
 Creative
 Resourceful
 Motivated
 Flexible
 Ambitious
 Articulate
I would NOT work with Andrew

Is there anything you want to say about  on a professional level?
  (Optional)




 Faithful
 Respectful
 Understanding
 Funny
 Romantic
 Sexy
 Smart
 Passionate
 Good looking
 Good listener
 I would NOT date Andrew

Is there anything you want to say about  concerning dating?
  (Optional)




You are responsible for your submissions, which must be true, lawful and not violate any person's rights. You agree to our User Agreement.







How do you know Andrew?*

Friends
                                          Friend
Professional
Dating
Family Member
Neighbor
School
Club or Organization
Religious
Myself
Not Sure
Don't Know Them
Other







    Post anonymously
?






















































POST REVIEW








×

                        
                                Two Ways to Improve your Score
                            




Correct and Edit your extended background details
Correct & Edit


Ask Family & Friends  for positive reviews
  Send an Email
Share on Facebook










×





























×





Search to Find Background Reports & Publicly Exposed Personal Details on Anyone including Yourself.
Are You Andrew Seelos?


YES
See & control your exposed background info
See, Monitor & Enhance Your Background Report that People are Viewing.


NO
See public background info on  Andrew 
See Background Report to Learn  the Truth about Andrew .











×





Thank you. We received your vote.











×






GET AN ADDITIONAL PREMIUM REPORT ON Andrew Seelos
Premium data contains highly sensitive  info such as:

Arrest Records
Wealth & Assets
Lawsuits & Liens
Licenses & Permits
Sexual Offenses
Corp. Affiliations




                            In order to access the sensitive info on a Premium Report today, an additional fee is required. Remember, you do not need to purchase a Premium Report to access the info that is available in Standard Reports.
                        
BUY PREMIUM REPORT FOR  
No, thank you




THANK YOU FOR YOUR PURCHASE
Your Premium Report is now Ready
CLICK HERE TO SEE REPORT




There is a problem authorizing your charge on this card. Please try your card again or try another card.























Credit Card No.






Expiry Date

MM
01
02
03
04
05
06
07
08
09
10
11
12


Year

                                                        2017

                                                        2018

                                                        2019

                                                        2020

                                                        2021

                                                        2022

                                                        2023

                                                        2024

                                                        2025

                                                        2026

                                                        2027

                                                        2028

                                                        2029

                                                        2030

                                                        2031

                                                        2032

                                                        2033




CVC 









BUY PREMIUM REPORT FOR  
















×
You now have access to view Andrew Seelos's Premium Background Report.

The information in this report is gathered from Government, Social & Public Records gathered from across the web.

                                    Access Andrew's Premium Background Report
                                    









×
MyLife Protects & Builds Your Reputation


MyLife gathers up-to-date Government, Social & Public Records so you know what's public everywhere online and help you build your reputation for employers, friends and others that search for you here and on Google.
We recommended you:

Edit & Correct Your Background Report
Complete Your Profile Providing Positive Details
Ask Friends for Positive Reviews
See Who's Checking Your Background
Remove Unwanted Records You Can't Control










×
Review posted! Register to get reply alerts



New to MyLife? Register today for FREE.

Already a member?  Log in







































Name




Email

We respect your privacy


Message


Register to send your email

Gender

                                I am
                                Male
Female



Birthday


MM
01
02
03
04
05
06
07
08
09
10
11
12




DD




YYYY


Must be 13 years or older to join


ZIP Code



Password



Confirm Password




FIND MY PAGE

By clicking on the button above, you agree to our User Agreement & Privacy Policy




See & Monitor All Background Info That's Public On AnyoneWe'll show you all background information, personal reviews and other details from government records and proprietary sources across the web, plus alert you to changes.
Edit and Add-To Your Background Info, Personal Reviews and Social PostsControl your public details to look good to employers, clients, friends and anyone who finds you online.
Send Messages To Get In Touch With AnyoneGet complete contact info on anyone. Send unlimited messages to make valuable professional and personal contacts.












×





Sign up for FREE. See detailed background info for Andrew Seelos











































                                        Already a member? Log in

























VIEW FULL DETAILS




                                       By clicking on the button above, you agree to our User Agreement &  Privacy Policy




*Must be 13 years or older to join






Monitor Your Personal Info & Background Report that's Public Make sure it's accurate.
Edit Your Background Info & Personal ReviewsViewed by employers, clients, friends, or anyone
See Who's Searching for You ® Employers, friends, lovers, stalkers and others are looking for you.
Remove Private Information that's Exposed Stop sites from selling your private details online.
Send Message to Anyone Get complete contact info on anyone, make valuable professional and personal contacts.


Send Message to Anyone Get complete contact info on anyone, make valuable professional and personal contacts.
Monitor Your Personal Info & Background Report that's Public Make sure it's accurate.
Edit Your Background Info & Personal ReviewsViewed by employers, clients, friends, or anyone
See Who's Searching for You ® Employers, friends, lovers, stalkers and others are looking for you.
Remove Private Information that's Exposed Stop sites from selling your private details online.












ï¿½
Send a message to  Andrew



Compose your message





































Your name




From



Message




SEND YOUR MESSAGE

By clicking on the button above, you agree to our User Agreement & Privacy Policy









×





Sign up for FREE. See detailed background info for Andrew Seelos











































                                        Already a member? Log in

























VIEW FULL DETAILS




                                       By clicking on the button above, you agree to our User Agreement &  Privacy Policy




*Must be 13 years or older to join






Monitor Your Personal Info & Background Report that's Public Make sure it's accurate.
Edit Your Background Info & Personal ReviewsViewed by employers, clients, friends, or anyone
See Who's Searching for You ® Employers, friends, lovers, stalkers and others are looking for you.
Remove Private Information that's Exposed Stop sites from selling your private details online.
Send Message to Anyone Get complete contact info on anyone, make valuable professional and personal contacts.


Send Message to Anyone Get complete contact info on anyone, make valuable professional and personal contacts.
Monitor Your Personal Info & Background Report that's Public Make sure it's accurate.
Edit Your Background Info & Personal ReviewsViewed by employers, clients, friends, or anyone
See Who's Searching for You ® Employers, friends, lovers, stalkers and others are looking for you.
Remove Private Information that's Exposed Stop sites from selling your private details online.












Find Anyone:

Find Anyone:
A|
B|
C|
D|
E|
F|
G|
H|
I|
J|
K|
L|
M|
N|
O|
P|
Q|
R|
S|
T|
U|
V|
W|
X|
Y|
Z







COMPANY
About Us
Testimonials
Press
Careers
Contact Us
Blog
FAQs




SERVICES
Monitor Your Identity
Remove Your Public Profiles
Background Check
See Who's Searching for You
Connect with Friends & Find People
Manage Your Membership




DIRECTORIES
People Search




Visit us on:












                Copyright © Fri Jul 28 11:41:14 PDT 2017 MyLife.com®, Inc. |
User Agreement |
Privacy Policy
U.S. Patent No. 6,701,348 and 6,694,353








	            * The other websites referenced on this site are owned and operated by their respective companies, and the associated trademarks and logos are the property of those companies. Links are provided for reference only and MyLife.com® does not imply any connection or relationship between MyLife.com® and these companies.
	        



 









Andrew W. Seelos, CPA - Biography

















































































Log in






E-mail



Password







Remember




Forgot password ?









Become a member for free
Sign up





Sign up




New memberSign up for FREE


New customerDiscover our portfolios












 United States
 United Kingdom
 France
 Deutschland
 Schweiz (DE)
 Suisse (FR)










Settings

            Dynamic quotes 


OFFON

















Markets
Equities
North AmericaEuropeAsiaOceaniaMiddle East» More Equities

Indexes
DOW JONESS&P 500NASDAQ 100TSX COMPFTSE 100» More Indexes

Currency / Forex
EUR / USDGBP / USDUSD / JPYUSD / CADAUD / USD» More Currencies

Commodities
GOLDCrude Oil (WTI)Crude Oil (BRENT)SILVERPLATINUM» More Commodities


 News
Latest News
CompaniesMarketsEconomyCurrency / ForexCommoditiesInterest RatesBusiness LeadersFinancial calendarEconomic calendar

Listed company
Analyst reco.RumorsIPOsCapital Markets TransactionsNew ContractsProfits warningsAppointmentsPress ReleasesEventsCorporate actions

Sector News
EnergyBasic MaterialsIndustrialsConsumer CyclicalConsumer Non-CyclicalFinancialsHealthcareTechnologyTelecommunications ServicesUtilities


 Analysis
All AnalysisCommentariesIndex AnalysisStock Trading StrategiesCommodity AnalysisForex Analysis

 Stock Picks
All stock picks

 Portfolios
My Portfolio
Virtual portfolios
4-Traders Portfolios
European PortfolioUSA PortfolioAsian Portfolio


 Screeners
Market Screener HomeFundamental Analyse
Top Investor RatingTop Trading RatingTop ConsensusGrowth stocksYield stocksLow valuations

Technical Analysis
Oversold stocksOverbought stocksClose to resistancesClose to supportsAccumulation phaseMost volatile stocks


 Watchlists
My Watchlists
Watchlists
Top Lists
Yield stocksGrowth stocksUndervalued Stocks


 Top / Flop
Top News
Most Read NewsHot News

Top Fundamentals
Top CapitalizationTop YieldTop PERTop ConsensusTop Fundamentals

Top Technicals
Top RSIUnusual volumesTop GapsTop STIM

Top Movers
Top USATop CanadaTop U.K.Top GermanyTop EuropeTop Asia


 Tools
Market ScreenerDynamic chartFinancial calendarEconomic calendarSector researchCurrency converter

 Our Services
Premium AccessDiscover our Services

 



















 






4-Traders Homepage  >  News  >  Business Leaders  >  Business Leaders Biography


Business Leaders




Latest NewsCompaniesMarketsEconomy & ForexCommoditiesInterest RatesBusiness LeadersFinance ProfessionalsCalendarSectors HomeAll newsMost read newsBusiness Leaders Biography


 
















Andrew W. Seelos, CPA

Age : 49Public asset : 937,750 USDLinked companies :  Nutraceutical Int'l Corp. 





Summary 



Mr. Andrew W. Seelos, CPA, is Controller & Assistant Vice President at Nutraceutical International Corp.He received his graduate degree from Brigham Young University.



Current positions of Andrew W. Seelos, CPA 









 NameTitle
Since
 Nutraceutical Int'l Corp.(Food Processing)
Controller & Assistant Vice President
1997



Holdings of Andrew W. Seelos, CPA 










 NameEquities%Valuation

 Nutraceutical Int'l Corp. (NUTR) Food Processing 22,5150.24%937,750 USD



Andrew W. Seelos, CPA: Personal Network 







 NameLinked companies

Frank W. Gay Nutraceutical Int'l Corp. 

Cory J. McQueen Nutraceutical Int'l Corp. 

Stanley E. Soper Nutraceutical Int'l Corp. 

J. Kimo Esplin Nutraceutical Int'l Corp. 

Christopher B. Neuberger Nutraceutical Int'l Corp. 

Daren P. Peterson Nutraceutical Int'l Corp. 

Matthew A. Vance Nutraceutical Int'l Corp. 

Bruce R. Hough Nutraceutical Int'l Corp. 

Jeffrey A. Hinrichs Nutraceutical Int'l Corp. 

Gary M. Hume Nutraceutical Int'l Corp. 




Most Read News 




07/21DJMUKESH AMBANI : Reliance's Ambani Launches Low-Cost Mobile Phone for India



07/21DJINDRA NOOYI : PepsiCo 'Stretches' Managers At Top -- WSJ



07/27 LI KA-SHING : Li Ka-shing's CKI to buy German energy metering firm Ista



07/26DJBERNARD ARNAULT : LVMH's Profit Rises 24% in First Half



07/27 RUPERT MURDOCH : As Murdoch waits, Sky cuts operating costs to protect profits



07/26DJMEG WHITMAN : Meg Whitman Steps Down From HP Board



08:48aDJNELSON PELTZ : Procter & Gamble, Peltz Spar on Results -- WSJ



07/26DJDAVID SIMON : Executive Pay Falls for Big Mall Owners as Retail Storm Rages On



02:26p CARLOS SLIM : Hutchison's Drei buys Tele2 to rival Carlos Slim in Austria



07/27DJJEFF BEZOS : Amazon's Jeff Bezos Becomes World's Richest Person



More news

 


            © 2017 People and Ownership :    









Advertisement








Andrew W. Seelos, CPA : Connections 



 Nutraceutical Int'l Corp.









Frank W. GayCory J. McQueenStanley E. SoperJ. Kimo EsplinChristopher B. NeubergerDaren P. PetersonMatthew A. VanceBruce R. HoughJeffrey A. HinrichsGary M. Hume




 Huntsman Corporation









J. Kimo Esplin




Huntsman Polymers Corp.
                                            








J. Kimo Esplin





Savage Cos.
                                            








J. Kimo Esplin





Huntsman International LLC
                                            








J. Kimo Esplin





Huntsman Advanced Materials LLC
                                            








J. Kimo Esplin





 







Popular Business Leaders 


 

William Ackman
Bernard Arnault
Mary Barra
Jeff Bezos
Lloyd Blankfein
Michael Bloomberg
Yannick Bolloré
Warren Buffett
Jean-paul Clozel
Gary Cohn
Michael Dell
Jamie Dimon
Ralph Dommermuth
Sebastian Ebel
John Edwards
David Einhorn
Jeff Fettig
Mark Fields
Carlos Ghosn
Terry Gou
David Henry
Carl Icahn
Li Ka-shing
Michel Landel
Daniel Loeb
Maurice Lévy
Jack Ma
Lakshmi Mittal
Rupert Murdoch
Elon Musk
Peter Nicholas
John Paulson
Nelson Peltz
Georges Plassat
Hasso Plattner
Thomas Rabe
Giuseppe Recchi
Wolfgang Reitzle
Wilbur Ross
Charles Schwab
Igor Sechin
Pascal Soriot
George Soros
Rupert Stadler
Bernard Tapie
John Williamson
Thomas Wilson
Dieter Zetsche
Mark Zuckerberg



A-Z Business Leaders




 



























4-traders.com :MarketsNewsAnalysisStock PicksPortfoliosScreenersWatchlistsTop / FlopToolsOur ServicesAbout :Surperformance SASContact usAdvertiseLegal informationsAbout usStay Connected :FacebookTwitterPartners :Börse: Aktien, Kurse und NachrichtenBest tweets 




   Copyright © 2017 Surperformance. All rights reserved.  












 














Slave








Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











Andrew Seelos |  | Decypha

































Sign In
|
Welcome  Guest 









 







Regions

GCC
                                |
                                    Levant
                                |
                                    MENA
                                |
                                    North Africa




GCC

Bahrain
                            |
                            Kuwait
                            |
                            Oman
                            |
                            Qatar
                            |
                            Saudi Arabia
                            |
                            United Arab Emirates




Levant

Iraq
                            |
                            Jordan
                            |
                            Lebanon
                            |
                            Palestine




North Africa

Egypt
                            |
                            Libya
                            |
                            Morocco
                            |
                            Tunisia




Others

Iran
                            |
                            Turkey
                            |
                            United Kingdom
                            |
                            United States












Advanced Search















News






Markets






Companies






Research






Funds






Fixed Income






Money Markets






Commodities






FX






Economics






Analysis






More











Sign In
Membership
Customize Your Decypha
Logout
Welcome
Decypha Alerts












Home




People Profiles




People Profile



Andrew Seelos Profile














Full Name:

                                                    Andrew Seelos
                                                







Country:











Biography


                                                    Andrew W. Seelos joined Nutraceutical in March 1997 as Assistant Controller. Mr. Seelos was appointed Assistant Vice President and Controller in April... 











Designations




Date
Designation
Entity
Entity Description
Country




1997


Nutraceutical International Corporation

--

--









Check all the  individuals in 
Check The List






Request a Trial
















Title:*


Select
Mr
Mrs
Ms
Miss
Dr
Prof




First Name:*



Last Name:*



Job Title:*


Select
 Asset Managers
 Corporate Banks
 Investment Managers
 Wealth Managers
 Consultants & Advisors
 Legal Practioners
 Academics
 Hedge Funds
 Private Equity Analysts
 Traders
 Equity Research Analysts




Phone:*



Company:*




Email:*




Country:*


Select

                                                Afganistan
                                        

                                                Albania
                                        

                                                Algeria
                                        

                                                American Samoa
                                        

                                                Andorra
                                        

                                                Angola
                                        

                                                Anguilla
                                        

                                                Antarctica
                                        

                                                Antigua and Barbuda
                                        

                                                Argentina
                                        

                                                Armenia
                                        

                                                Aruba
                                        

                                                Australia
                                        

                                                Austria
                                        

                                                Azerbaijan
                                        

                                                Bahamas
                                        

                                                Bahrain
                                        

                                                Bangladesh
                                        

                                                Barbados
                                        

                                                Belarus
                                        

                                                Belgium
                                        

                                                Belize
                                        

                                                Benin
                                        

                                                Bermuda
                                        

                                                Bhutan
                                        

                                                Bolivia
                                        

                                                Bosnia and Herzegovina
                                        

                                                Botswana
                                        

                                                Bouvet Island
                                        

                                                Brazil
                                        

                                                British Indian Ocean Territory
                                        

                                                Brunei
                                        

                                                Bulgaria
                                        

                                                Burkina Faso
                                        

                                                Burundi
                                        

                                                Cambodia
                                        

                                                Cameroon
                                        

                                                Canada
                                        

                                                Cape Verde
                                        

                                                Cayman Islands
                                        

                                                Central African Republic
                                        

                                                Chad
                                        

                                                Chile
                                        

                                                China
                                        

                                                Christmas Island
                                        

                                                Cocos (Keeling) Islands
                                        

                                                Colombia
                                        

                                                Comoros
                                        

                                                Congo
                                        

                                                Cook Islands
                                        

                                                Costa Rica
                                        

                                                Cote D'Ivoire (Ivory Coast)
                                        

                                                Croatia (Hrvatska)
                                        

                                                Cuba
                                        

                                                Curacao
                                        

                                                Cyprus
                                        

                                                Czech Republic
                                        

                                                Czechoslovakia (former)
                                        

                                                Denmark
                                        

                                                Djibouti
                                        

                                                Dominica
                                        

                                                Dominican Republic
                                        

                                                East Timor
                                        

                                                Ecuador
                                        

                                                Egypt
                                        

                                                El Salvador
                                        

                                                Equatorial Guinea
                                        

                                                Eritrea
                                        

                                                Estonia
                                        

                                                Ethiopia
                                        

                                                Falkland Islands (Malvinas)
                                        

                                                Faroe Islands
                                        

                                                Fiji
                                        

                                                Finland
                                        

                                                France
                                        

                                                France, Metropolitan
                                        

                                                French Guiana
                                        

                                                French Polynesia
                                        

                                                French Southern Territories
                                        

                                                Gabon
                                        

                                                Gambia
                                        

                                                Georgia
                                        

                                                Germany
                                        

                                                Ghana
                                        

                                                Gibraltar
                                        

                                                Greece
                                        

                                                Greenland
                                        

                                                Grenada
                                        

                                                Guadeloupe
                                        

                                                Guam
                                        

                                                Guatemala
                                        

                                                Guernsey
                                        

                                                Guinea
                                        

                                                Guinea-Bissau
                                        

                                                Guyana
                                        

                                                Haiti
                                        

                                                Heard and McDonald Islands
                                        

                                                Honduras
                                        

                                                Hong Kong
                                        

                                                Hungary
                                        

                                                Iceland
                                        

                                                India
                                        

                                                Indonesia
                                        

                                                Iran
                                        

                                                Iraq
                                        

                                                Ireland
                                        

                                                Isle of Man
                                        

                                                Israel
                                        

                                                Italy
                                        

                                                Jamaica
                                        

                                                Japan
                                        

                                                Jersey
                                        

                                                Jordan
                                        

                                                Kazakhstan
                                        

                                                Kenya
                                        

                                                Kiribati
                                        

                                                Kuwait
                                        

                                                Kyrgyzstan
                                        

                                                Laos
                                        

                                                Latvia
                                        

                                                Lebanon
                                        

                                                Lesotho
                                        

                                                Liberia
                                        

                                                Libya
                                        

                                                Liechtenstein
                                        

                                                Lithuania
                                        

                                                Luxembourg
                                        

                                                Macau
                                        

                                                Macedonia
                                        

                                                Madagascar
                                        

                                                Malawi
                                        

                                                Malaysia
                                        

                                                Maldives
                                        

                                                Mali
                                        

                                                Malta
                                        

                                                Marshall Islands
                                        

                                                Martinique
                                        

                                                Mauritania
                                        

                                                Mauritius
                                        

                                                Mayotte
                                        

                                                Mexico
                                        

                                                Micronesia
                                        

                                                Moldova
                                        

                                                Monaco
                                        

                                                Mongolia
                                        

                                                Montenegro
                                        

                                                Montserrat
                                        

                                                Morocco
                                        

                                                Mozambique
                                        

                                                Myanmar
                                        

                                                Namibia
                                        

                                                Nauru
                                        

                                                Nepal
                                        

                                                Netherlands
                                        

                                                Netherlands Antilles
                                        

                                                Neutral Zone
                                        

                                                New Caledonia
                                        

                                                New Zealand (Aotearoa)
                                        

                                                Nicaragua
                                        

                                                Niger
                                        

                                                Nigeria
                                        

                                                Niue
                                        

                                                Norfolk Island
                                        

                                                North Korea
                                        

                                                Northern Mariana Islands
                                        

                                                Norway
                                        

                                                Oman
                                        

                                                Pakistan
                                        

                                                Palau
                                        

                                                Palestine
                                        

                                                Panama
                                        

                                                Papua New Guinea
                                        

                                                Paraguay
                                        

                                                Peru
                                        

                                                Philippines
                                        

                                                Pitcairn
                                        

                                                Poland
                                        

                                                Portugal
                                        

                                                Puerto Rico
                                        

                                                Qatar
                                        

                                                Reunion
                                        

                                                Romania
                                        

                                                Russia
                                        

                                                Rwanda
                                        

                                                S. Georgia and S. Sandwich Isls.
                                        

                                                Saint Kitts and Nevis
                                        

                                                Saint Lucia
                                        

                                                Saint Vincent and the Grenadines
                                        

                                                Samoa
                                        

                                                San Marino
                                        

                                                Sao Tome and Principe
                                        

                                                Saudi Arabia
                                        

                                                Senegal
                                        

                                                Serbia
                                        

                                                Seychelles
                                        

                                                Sierra Leone
                                        

                                                Singapore
                                        

                                                Slovak Republic
                                        

                                                Slovenia
                                        

                                                Solomon Islands
                                        

                                                Somalia
                                        

                                                South Africa
                                        

                                                South Korea
                                        

                                                South Sudan
                                        

                                                Spain
                                        

                                                Sri Lanka
                                        

                                                St. Helena
                                        

                                                St. Pierre and Miquelon
                                        

                                                Sudan
                                        

                                                Suriname
                                        

                                                Svalbard and Jan Mayen Islands
                                        

                                                Swaziland
                                        

                                                Sweden
                                        

                                                Switzerland
                                        

                                                Syria
                                        

                                                Taiwan
                                        

                                                Tajikistan
                                        

                                                Tanzania
                                        

                                                Thailand
                                        

                                                Togo
                                        

                                                Tokelau
                                        

                                                Tonga
                                        

                                                Trinidad and Tobago
                                        

                                                Tunisia
                                        

                                                Turkey
                                        

                                                Turkmenistan
                                        

                                                Turks and Caicos Islands
                                        

                                                Tuvalu
                                        

                                                US Minor Outlying Islands
                                        

                                                USSR (former)
                                        

                                                Uganda
                                        

                                                Ukraine
                                        

                                                United Arab Emirates
                                        

                                                United Kingdom
                                        

                                                United States
                                        

                                                Uruguay
                                        

                                                Uzbekistan
                                        

                                                Vanuatu
                                        

                                                Vatican City State (Holy See)
                                        

                                                Venezuela
                                        

                                                Vietnam
                                        

                                                Virgin Islands (British)
                                        

                                                Virgin Islands (U.S.)
                                        

                                                Wallis and Futuna Islands
                                        

                                                Western Sahara
                                        

                                                Yemen
                                        

                                                Yugoslavia
                                        

                                                Zaire
                                        

                                                Zambia
                                        

                                                Zimbabwe
                                        




Comments:





*Required Fields


 

 Submit








Already Registered?








Login attempt was not successful. Please try again








Username/ Email:



Password:





Enter Characters:















 

 Login





 Forget your password?
























By Job Title


Asset Managers |
                                    Corporate Banks |
                                    Investment Managers |
                                    Wealth Managers |
                                    Consultants & Advisors |
                                    Legal Practitioners |
                                    Academics |
                                    Hedge Funds |
                                    Private Equity Analysts |
                                    Traders |
                                    Equity Research Analysts


By Scope


Equity |
                                    Fixed Income |
                                    Funds |
                                    Excel  |
                                    Analytical Tools  |
                                    Markets  |
                                    Prices  |
                                    Money Market |
                                    News |
                                    Industry |
                                    IPOs |
                                    Mergers & Acquisitions |
                                    Commodities |
                                    Economics



Covered Countries and Exchanges

















Add Your Company | 
                                        Add Yourself | 
                                        Terms and Conditions | 
                                        Privacy Policy | 
                                        About DirectFN









Copyright ©  DirectFN. All Rights Reserved.











Data Not Available









Login











Login attempt was not successful. Please try again


Username/ Email:


Password:



Enter Characters:











 Forget your password?











Back to Top

Support & Feedback


Ask for free trial









Request a Trial
















Title:*


Mr
Mrs
Ms
Miss
Dr
Prof




First Name:*



Last Name:*



Email:*




Phone:*



Promo. Code:



Country:*


Select
Afganistan
Albania
Algeria
American Samoa
Andorra
Angola
Anguilla
Antarctica
Antigua and Barbuda
Argentina
Armenia
Aruba
Australia
Austria
Azerbaijan
Bahamas
Bahrain
Bangladesh
Barbados
Belarus
Belgium
Belize
Benin
Bermuda
Bhutan
Bolivia
Bosnia and Herzegovina
Botswana
Bouvet Island
Brazil
British Indian Ocean Territory
Brunei
Bulgaria
Burkina Faso
Burundi
Cambodia
Cameroon
Canada
Cape Verde
Cayman Islands
Central African Republic
Chad
Chile
China
Christmas Island
Cocos (Keeling) Islands
Colombia
Comoros
Congo
Cook Islands
Costa Rica
Cote D'Ivoire (Ivory Coast)
Croatia (Hrvatska)
Cuba
Curacao
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Czechoslovakia (former)
Denmark
Djibouti
Dominica
Dominican Republic
East Timor
Ecuador
Egypt
El Salvador
Equatorial Guinea
Eritrea
Estonia
Ethiopia
Falkland Islands (Malvinas)
Faroe Islands
Fiji
Finland
France
France, Metropolitan
French Guiana
French Polynesia
French Southern Territories
Gabon
Gambia
Georgia
Germany
Ghana
Gibraltar
Greece
Greenland
Grenada
Guadeloupe
Guam
Guatemala
Guernsey
Guinea
Guinea-Bissau
Guyana
Haiti
Heard and McDonald Islands
Honduras
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Iran
Iraq
Ireland
Isle of Man
Israel
Italy
Jamaica
Japan
Jersey
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kenya
Kiribati
Kuwait
Kyrgyzstan
Laos
Latvia
Lebanon
Lesotho
Liberia
Libya
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Macau
Macedonia
Madagascar
Malawi
Malaysia
Maldives
Mali
Malta
Marshall Islands
Martinique
Mauritania
Mauritius
Mayotte
Mexico
Micronesia
Moldova
Monaco
Mongolia
Montenegro
Montserrat
Morocco
Mozambique
Myanmar
Namibia
Nauru
Nepal
Netherlands
Netherlands Antilles
Neutral Zone
New Caledonia
New Zealand (Aotearoa)
Nicaragua
Niger
Nigeria
Niue
Norfolk Island
North Korea
Northern Mariana Islands
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Palau
Palestine
Panama
Papua New Guinea
Paraguay
Peru
Philippines
Pitcairn
Poland
Portugal
Puerto Rico
Qatar
Reunion
Romania
Russia
Rwanda
S. Georgia and S. Sandwich Isls.
Saint Kitts and Nevis
Saint Lucia
Saint Vincent and the Grenadines
Samoa
San Marino
Sao Tome and Principe
Saudi Arabia
Senegal
Serbia
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
Singapore
Slovak Republic
Slovenia
Solomon Islands
Somalia
South Africa
South Korea
South Sudan
Spain
Sri Lanka
St. Helena
St. Pierre and Miquelon
Sudan
Suriname
Svalbard and Jan Mayen Islands
Swaziland
Sweden
Switzerland
Syria
Taiwan
Tajikistan
Tanzania
Thailand
Togo
Tokelau
Tonga
Trinidad and Tobago
Tunisia
Turkey
Turkmenistan
Turks and Caicos Islands
Tuvalu
US Minor Outlying Islands
USSR (former)
Uganda
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United Kingdom
United States
Uruguay
Uzbekistan
Vanuatu
Vatican City State (Holy See)
Venezuela
Vietnam
Virgin Islands (British)
Virgin Islands (U.S.)
Wallis and Futuna Islands
Western Sahara
Yemen
Yugoslavia
Zaire
Zambia
Zimbabwe




Company:*



Job Title:


Select
 Academics
 Asset Managers
 Consultants & Advisors
 Corporate Banks
 Equity Research Analysts
 Hedge Funds
 Investment Managers
 Legal Practioners
 Private Equity Analysts
 Traders
 Wealth Managers




Comments:




*Required Fields


 

 Submit



















Contact Us












Hello ,Please use the below form for
                            Product support & feedback


Name :  *  


Email:  * 


Phone Number :  * 






Preferred contact method :
Email
Phone











Technical Support 24x7: +94 112 314900 / slhops@directfn.net
Your Account Manager is, , , 






















 Get a Decypha Membership to view this content..................







Get a Decypha Membership


 Get the membership of Decypha Premium Package to access more exciting features including advanced analytical tools and the Pro 10 package. Pro 10 is designed keeping active investors in mind and offers a flexible framework to view information and do analysis the way you desire.

All you need to access these valuable features is to click on the Get a membership button and submit your details to our sales team.















Upgrade your Membership


 Account is not entitled to view this information.

 Please contact your account manager to upgrade your Membership.

Email :  support@decypha.com






 Register to view this content..................







 Decypha Free Registration


Register free with Decypha and get access to real-time price information and many other features including Technical Scanner, Fundamental Screener etc.

Just click the Registration button, submit your details and get registered for free.








 




Seelos Andrew W Top Holdings  

































WhaleWisdom









Search All
Search 13F Filers Only
Search SEC Filer
Search Stocks Only
Search Mgmt Inv. Cos Only
ETFs Only
Search Active




















                      Seelos Andrew W
                    

•   PARK CITY, X1
                      
How do I update this listing?




                                             Seelos Andrew W is based out of Park City.    WhaleWisdom has at least 19 insider transactions (Form 3,4,5) in our database for Seelos Andrew W. 
                                           














Summary
13D/G
Insider (Form 4)



   Create Email Alert
 




×
Email Notification.







                   ***Log In or
                   Sign-up
                   to see more advanced email alert options such as selecting any type of
                   SEC form, multiple filers or classes of filers, and much more.***
                 

                    ...or to simply have an email sent to you whenever we receive a new
                           13F filing from Seelos Andrew W, enter your
                    email address below and choose 'Submit'.
                

Your email:








Cancel














Contact Info




seelos andrew w


C/O NUTRACEUTICAL CORPORATION

PARK CITY
X1
                                                        
                                                    84060


                                                      Business Phone:
                                                      4356556000
SEC SIC CODE:2833-MEDICINAL CHEMICALS & BOTANICAL PRODUCTS







Recent SEC Filings




4 filed on 12/16/2016
5 filed on 11/04/2016
4 filed on 05/20/2016
4 filed on 12/15/2015
5 filed on 11/03/2015
4 filed on 05/08/2015
4 filed on 04/03/2015
4 filed on 03/06/2015
4 filed on 02/06/2015
4/A filed on 01/05/2015
















Schedule 13D and 13G events since 03/31/2017

Subscription required



 
Form 4 - Non-derivative Insider Transactions Since 03/31/2017
Loading...








Elevate your investments
Try it for free


















Nutraceutical International Corp (NUTR.O)  People | Reuters.com


























































X



Edition:

United States


















Africa
América Latina


عربي
Argentina


Brasil
Canada


中国
Deutschland


España
France


India
Italia


日本
México


РОССИЯ
United Kingdom

United States
















Nutraceutical International Corp (NUTR.O)










Related Topics: 
StocksStock ScreenerMarket DataConsumer Non-CyclicalsFood Processing












                
                        Overview
                    



                
                        News
                    



                
                        Key Developments
                    



                
                        People
                    



                
                        Charts
                    



                
                        Financials
                    



                
                        Analysts
                    



                    
                            Research
                        



                    
                            Pulse
                        










				NUTR.O on Nasdaq


				41.75USD
2:14pm EDT





				    Change	(% chg)


		    
						    $0.05


					            (+0.12%)
					        






Prev Close

$41.70


Open

$41.85




Day's High

$41.97


Day's Low

$41.65




Volume

92,337


Avg. Vol

69,979




52-wk High

$42.40


52-wk Low

$24.51











					Summary





Name
Age
Since
Current Position




							Frank Gay

71
1994

                                Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer




							Bruce Hough

62
1994

                                President




							Cory McQueen

46
2016

                                Chief Financial Officer, Vice President




							Jeffrey Hinrichs

59
1998

                                Executive Vice President, Chief Operating Officer, Secretary, Director




							Gary Hume

67
1999

                                Executive Vice President




							Matthew Vance

45
2015

                                Chief Information Officer, Vice President




							Daren Peterson

54
2009

                                Vice President - Operations




							Christopher Neuberger

49
2005

                                Vice President - Marketing and Sales




							Stanley Soper

53
2001

                                Vice President - Legal Affairs, Assistant Secretary




							Jason Jones

46
2015

                                Vice President, Corporate Strategy




							Andrew Seelos

49
2007

                                Assistant Vice President, Controller




							Michael Burke

72
2000

                                Lead Independent Director




							J. Kimo Esplin

54
2004

                                Independent Director




							James Stice

57
2000

                                Independent Director



» Insider Trading





					Biographies





Name
Description




							Frank Gay


					
							Mr. Frank W. Gay, II is Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer of the Company. He has served as the chairman of the Board since its inception and as Chief Executive Officer since 1994. Mr. Gay received a master’s degree in business administration from Harvard Business School and a bachelor of science degree in accounting from BYU. Mr. Gay is an entrepreneur and business leader, having been involved with many businesses in various industries in the course of his career. Mr. Gay, following his move to Park City, Utah in late 1992, identified and solicited Bain Capital (“Bain”) in 1993 to finance and form our Company to acquire Solaray, Inc. as the initial platform acquisition in the nutritional supplement industry. He became Chairman of our Company in 1993 and Chief Executive Officer in 1994 at the request of Bain and our lenders when Makers of Kal, Inc. was acquired. Over the past 20+ years with us, he has demonstrated his leadership and abilities to our Board and our stockholders. Mr. Gay brings extensive knowledge of finance, acquisitions, operations and strategy to our Company and Board.




							Bruce Hough


					
							Mr. Bruce R. Hough is President of the Company. Mr. Hough was made our President in 1994. Prior to joining Nutraceutical, Mr. Hough acted as a consultant from 1991 to 1993 and as President of Keystone Communications, a telecommunications firm, from 1987 to 1991. Mr. Hough received a bachelor of science degree from the Marriott School of Management at Brigham Young University.




							Cory McQueen


					
							Mr. Cory J. McQueen is Chief Financial Officer and Vice President of the Company. He joined Nutraceutical in March 1995 as Assistant Controller. Mr. McQueen became Controller in October 1997 and was appointed Vice President in February 2001. In April 2007, Mr. McQueen became Chief Financial Officer. Prior to joining Nutraceutical, he was employed by Price Waterhouse LLP. Mr. McQueen received a master's degree in accounting from the University of Utah and is a Certified Public Accountant.




							Jeffrey Hinrichs


					
							Mr. Jeffrey A. Hinrichs is Executive Vice President, Chief Operating Officer, Secretary and Director of the Company. He has served as a director, executive vice president and chief operating officer since 1994. Before he joined us, Mr. Hinrichs served as president of Solaray from 1993 to 1994. Prior to his tenure as president, Mr. Hinrichs served as chief financial officer as well as in other management positions with Solaray from 1984 to 1993. Mr. Hinrichs received a bachelor of science degree from Weber State University. Mr. Hinrichs served as both a board member and a member of the executive committee of the board for the Council of Responsible Nutrition, an industry trade association, for approximately seven years. He is also a past president of the American Herbal Products Association. With years of demonstrated ability in his position with us and with Solaray before that, Mr. Hinrichs brings to our Board extensive knowledge of the industry and of our history, operations, business objectives and management philosophy.




							Gary Hume


					
							Mr. Gary M. Hume is an Executive Vice President of the Company. Mr. Hume has served as our Executive Vice President since September 1999. Prior to joining Nutraceutical, Mr. Hume was President and CEO of Murdock Madaus Schwabe (Nature's Way) from 1995 to 1999. Prior to joining Nature's Way, Mr. Hume was President of Tree of Life's Southwest Division for over twenty years. Mr. Hume received a bachelor of arts degree from Southwestern Union College.




							Matthew Vance


					
							Mr. Matthew A. Vance is the Chief Information Officer, Vice President of the Company. Mr. Vance joined Nutraceutical in 2007 as Chief Information Officer. In January 2015, Mr. Vance was appointed Vice President and Chief Information Officer. Prior to joining Nutraceutical, Mr. Vance worked for Kirby Corporation and as a consultant in software development. Mr. Vance received a master's degree in business administration from The University of Texas at Austin.




							Daren Peterson


					
							Mr. Daren P. Peterson is Vice President - Operations of the Company. Mr. Peterson joined Nutraceutical in 1994 as Controller. Mr. Peterson served in other management positions prior to his appointment as Vice President, Operations in March 2009. Prior to joining Nutraceutical, Mr. Peterson served in various positions with Solaray from 1985 to 1994. Mr. Peterson received a master's degree in accounting from Weber State University.




							Christopher Neuberger


					
							Mr. Christopher B. Neuberger is Vice President - Marketing and Sales of the Company. Mr. Neuberger joined Nutraceutical in August 1995 as Director of Marketing for the Premier One brand. Mr. Neuberger left Nutraceutical from March 1997 to December 1997 while he was employed by Weider Nutrition International, Inc. Mr. Neuberger became President of NutraBrands, our marketing and sales subsidiary in March 1999 and was appointed as our Vice President, Marketing and Sales in April 2005. Mr. Neuberger was previously employed by Melaleuca, Inc. Mr. Neuberger received his master's degree in business administration from Thunderbird, The Garvin School of International Management.




							Stanley Soper


					
							Mr. Stanley E. Soper is Vice President - Legal Affairs, Assistant Secretary of the Company. Mr. Soper joined Nutraceutical in 1997 as Vice President, Legal Affairs. From September 1999 until March 2001, Mr. Soper founded and was employed at a technology startup. He rejoined Nutraceutical in his previous position in March 2001. Mr. Soper was in private law practice from 1991 to 1997, most recently with Holland & Hart LLP. Mr. Soper received a J.D. from Yale Law School.




							Jason Jones


					
							Mr. Jason D. Jones is a Vice President, Corporate Strategy of the Company. Mr. . Jones joined Nutraceutical in July 1998 as Director of Sales and subsequently as Vice President of Sales from 2000 to 2005. Mr. Jones left Nutraceutical from February 2005 to March 2009 to work as President of Ken Garff Sports & Entertainment. He rejoined Nutraceutical as Group Vice President of Strategic Development and was appointed Vice President, Corporate Strategy in January 2015. Mr. Jones received his master's degree in business administration from Brigham Young University.




							Andrew Seelos


					
							Mr. Andrew W. Seelos is Assistant Vice President and Controller of the Company. Mr. Seelos joined Nutraceutical in March 1997 as Assistant Controller. Mr. Seelos was appointed Assistant Vice President and Controller in April 2007. Prior to joining Nutraceutical, he was employed by Price Waterhouse LLP. Mr. Seelos received a master's degree in accounting from Brigham Young University and is a Certified Public Accountant.




							Michael Burke


					
							Mr. Michael D. Burke is a Lead Independent Director of the Company. He has served as a director since 2000 and is president of MDB Capital Ventures, a venture capital firm. Mr. Burke is chair of the San Antonio Clean Technology Forum—a major sustainability initiative he founded in early 2008. He was formerly director, president and chief executive officer of EOTT Energy Corp., the largest independent marketer and transporter of crude oil in North America. Prior to joining EOTT Energy Corp., Mr. Burke served as director, president and chief executive officer of Tesoro Petroleum Corporation from 1992 to 1995. From 1980 to 1992, Mr. Burke held a number of senior executive positions with Texas Eastern Corp., including group vice president-products and president/chief executive officer of TEPPCO Partners, L.P. Mr. Burke currently serves on the boards of Reasoning Mind, Inc., Great Hearts Academies, IDEA Public Schools and the San Antonio Medical Foundation. He received a master’s degree in business administration from the University of Texas and a bachelor of science degree in chemical engineering from Texas A&M University. Mr. Burke’s background includes extensive experience as an investor, director and senior executive (including chief executive officer) of several companies as well as leadership roles in important community initiatives. This background gives him the knowledge and experience to provide strategic input and leadership in various aspects of our business as a member of our Board.




							J. Kimo Esplin


					
							Mr. J. Kimo Esplin is an Independent Director of the Company. He has served as a director since 2004 and as of January 1, 2017, is executive vice president - strategy of the Huntsman Corporation. Mr. Esplin previously served as chief financial officer of the Huntsman Corporation beginning in 1997. Prior to then, Mr. Esplin served as the treasurer of the Huntsman Companies. Prior to joining Huntsman in 1994, Mr. Esplin was vice president in the Investment Banking Division of Bankers Trust Company, where he worked for seven years. Mr. Esplin received a master’s degree in business management from Northwestern University and a bachelor of science degree in accounting from Brigham Young University (“BYU”). Mr. Esplin also serves as a member of the board of directors of Savage Services Corporation, a privately held company. Mr. Esplin’s background as an executive in both finance and banking brings extensive leadership and finance experience to our Board. In addition, his experience as a chief financial officer at a large publicly traded company enables him to provide a valuable perspective on audit, financial and reporting issues.




							James Stice


					
							Prof. James D. Stice, Ph.D. is an Independent Director of the Company. He has served as a director since 2000 and is the Distinguished Teaching Professor of Accounting in the School of Accountancy at BYU. Professor Stice has been at BYU since 1988. He has co-authored three accounting textbooks and published numerous professional and academic articles. In addition, Professor Stice has been involved in executive education for Ernst & Young, Bank of America Corporation, International Business Machines Corporation, RSM McGladrey, and AngloGold Limited and has taught at INSEAD (in both France and Singapore) and CEIBS (in China). Professor Stice also serves on the Audit Committee of Deseret Management Corporation. Professor Stice received a Ph.D. from the University of Washington as well as master’s and bachelor’s degrees from BYU, all in accounting. As a leading scholar in the area of financial accounting, Professor Stice has extensive knowledge of this field and brings important leadership and finance knowledge and experience to our Board and to our Audit Committee. His academic experience in writing about and teaching these issues, as well as his involvement in executive education, enables him to provide a valuable perspective on financial accounting and audit issues.











					Basic Compensation





Name
Fiscal Year Total




							Frank Gay

1,385,400




							Bruce Hough

239,320




							Cory McQueen

544,708




							Jeffrey Hinrichs

688,880




							Gary Hume

337,388




							Matthew Vance

--




							Daren Peterson

--




							Christopher Neuberger

490,227




							Stanley Soper

627,530




							Jason Jones

--




							Andrew Seelos

--




							Michael Burke

--




							J. Kimo Esplin

--




							James Stice

--



As Of 
29 Sep 2016





					Options Compensation





Name
Options
Value




							Frank Gay

318,665
1,862,870




							Bruce Hough

35,115
294,904




							Cory McQueen

27,500
111,749




							Jeffrey Hinrichs

130,667
615,485




							Gary Hume

68,334
470,052




							Matthew Vance

0
0




							Daren Peterson

0
0




							Christopher Neuberger

62,604
267,494




							Stanley Soper

141,667
597,811




							Jason Jones

0
0




							Andrew Seelos

0
0




							Michael Burke

0
0




							J. Kimo Esplin

0
0




							James Stice

0
0









					Insider Trading












Name
Shares Traded
Price


Bunch (David Ellsworth)
13
$31.48


Neuberger (Christopher B)
19
$31.48


Esplin (J Kimo)
32
$31.48


Stice (James D)
64
$31.48


Soper (Stanley E)
64
$31.48


Bunch (David Ellsworth)
13
$30.88


Soper (Stanley E)
65
$30.88


Esplin (J Kimo)
32
$30.88


Stice (James D)
65
$30.88


Neuberger (Christopher B)
19
$30.88


Soper (Stanley E)
58
$34.38


Esplin (J Kimo)
29
$34.38


Stice (James D)
58
$34.38


Neuberger (Christopher B)
17
$34.38


Stice (James D)
59
$33.70


Esplin (J Kimo)
30
$33.70


Neuberger (Christopher B)
18
$33.70


Soper (Stanley E)
59
$33.70


Neuberger (Christopher B)
17
$35.68


Stice (James D)
56
$35.68


Jones (Jason D)
11
$35.68


Soper (Stanley E)
56
$35.68


Esplin (J Kimo)
28
$35.68


Neuberger (Christopher B)
400
$0.00


Peterson Daren P
1,449
$34.50




» Full list on Insider Trading
















Related Topics: 
StocksStock ScreenerMarket DataConsumer Non-CyclicalsFood Processing




















