    Rodney Bosley | SEGANA, LLC. | ZoomInfo.com

Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version

































 



 Florida Institute Funds Orlando-based SegAna, LLC. 
         










    










 













 











 



















Florida Institute Funds Orlando-based SegAna, LLC.
        																										
              











 News provided by
Florida Institute for the Commercialization of Public Research  
Dec 05, 2016, 14:00 ET









 Share this article




























































GAINESVILLE and BOCA RATON, Fla., Dec. 5, 2016 /PRNewswire-USNewswire/ -- The Florida Institute for the Commercialization of Public Research (the Florida Institute) announced today that it has finalized a funding agreement SegAna, LLC, an Orlando-based company with technology developed at University of Central Florida. The Florida Institute supports new company creation based on publicly-funded research, and bridges early funding gaps for companies spinning out of Florida-based universities and research institutions.








SegAna is a medical technology company that will produce deformable four-dimensional lung phantom simulators for enhancing lung cancer radiation treatment. SegAna's lung phantoms are 3-D printed with patient specific details, including elastic and radiographic properties. The lung phantom, when coupled with SegAna's simulator, trains the physician to develop precise treatment parameters which are translated directly to the patient's radiation treatment.
"Lung cancer is the most common cancer worldwide and accounts for more deaths than any other cancer in the U.S.," said Rodney Bosley, SegAna, LLC, Chief Executive Officer. "Our patent pending state of art technology will enhance the treatment of lung cancer by training the physician to accurately treat the tumor during normal breathing of the lung, which reduces radiation damage to lung tissue surrounding the cancer and ultimately improving patient outcomes." 
"There are over 220,000 new lung cancer cases reported annually in the United States, and an estimated 80% of the cases are treated with radiation therapy," said Jackson Streeter, MD, Florida Institute Chief Executive Officer. "The Institute looks forward to supporting SegAna as the company works to improve lung cancer treatment and associated outcomes for patients fighting this disease." 
About the Florida Institute 
Formed by the Florida Legislature in 2007, the Florida Institute for the Commercialization of Public Research is a non-profit organization that works collaboratively with the technology licensing and commercialization offices of Florida's state universities and private research institutions to leverage a $2B+ research base and form investable companies that create clean jobs in new industries that are driving the global economy. With funding from the State of Florida through the Department of Economic Opportunity, and through the generosity of mentors, advisors and donors, the Institute provides company building services, and seed funding through the Florida Technology Seed Capital Fund, to promising Florida startups. Sixty-one companies have been funded to date, and the Institute's economic impact through June 30, 2016 in the State of Florida was $630 million.  
About SegAna, LLC. 
SegAna, LLC, is a medical technology startup company that will manufacture and sell deformable four-dimensional lung phantom simulators for enhancing lung cancer radiation treatment. Each phantom is manufactured with the patient's specific lung details which trains the physician to develop precise treatment parameters.
CONTACT:Jane TeagueChief Operating OfficerInstitute for the Commercialization of Public Research561-368-8889jane.teague@florida-institute.com 
 
To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/florida-institute-funds-orlando-based-segana-llc-300372768.html
SOURCE Florida Institute for the Commercialization of Public Research
 Related Links

http://www.florida-institute.com



 












Jan 04, 2017, 10:30 ET
Preview: Florida Institute Funds Gainesville-based Omninox













Nov 17, 2016, 15:24 ET
Preview: Florida Institute Funds Crawfordville-based Panacea Oyster Co-Op Corporation






My News


  Release contains wide tables.	  View fullscreen.






 Also from this source




 

Jul 17, 2017, 10:29 ET
                                  				                                                                                     
                              Florida Institute Funds Altamonte Springs-based Dominion...








 

Jun 21, 2017, 12:57 ET
                                  				                                                                                     
                              Florida Institute Funds Altamonte Springs-based FreshSurety





 Explore
 More news releases in similar topics

  Biotechnology
  Health Care & Hospitals
  Medical Equipment
  Education








 You just read:
Florida Institute Funds Orlando-based SegAna, LLC.


 News provided by
Florida Institute for the Commercialization of Public Research  
Dec 05, 2016, 14:00 ET








 Share this article









































 











Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire?
Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform.
Sign up to get started
Request more information
Have an account? Log In

















Search











Searching for your content...









Advanced Search












































 





About Segana Page













SEGANA LLC Credit report, products, contacts













 Florida






Search









    SEGANA LLC











Company number L15000073792
        

Status Active
        

FEI number


Company Type Florida Limited Liability
        

Home State FL
        

Last activity date not available
        

Date Of Incorporation 4/15/2015
        

Principal Address
            483 EASTBRIDGE DR, OVIEDO, 32765
            


Mailing Address 483 EASTBRIDGE DR, OVIEDO, FL, 32765
        
SEGANA LLC Principals

Manager
                Ilegbusi Olusegun J
                 


Address
                483 EASTBRIDGE DR, OVIEDO, FL, 32765
                 



Manager
                Santhanam Anand P
                 


Address
                10100 MELINDA WAY #6, N RIDGE, CA, 91325
                 







Registered Agent

Agent Name ILEGBUSI            OLUSEGUN      J (p)
        

Agent Address
                483 EASTBRIDGE DR, OVIEDO, FL, 32765
                

Description
SEGANA LLC has been set up 4/15/2015 in state FL.  
The current status of the business is Active. The SEGANA LLC principal adress is 483 EASTBRIDGE DR, OVIEDO, 32765. 
Meanwhile you can send your letters to 483 EASTBRIDGE DR, OVIEDO, FL, 32765. 
The company`s registered agent is ILEGBUSI            OLUSEGUN      J 483 EASTBRIDGE DR, OVIEDO, FL, 32765.  
The company`s management are Manager - Ilegbusi Olusegun J, Manager - Santhanam Anand P.






Comprehensive Report about this company
        





(view sample)








Similar Companies
SEGAND INTERNATIONAL CORP.
SEGANE, LLC
SEGAN ENTERPRISES, CORP.
SEGANTUS THATCH SHIP YARD, INC.
SEGA OF AMERICA, INC.
SEGA ONE














Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











SEGANA, LLC - LAKE FOREST, CA - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



CA



LAKE FOREST



Business Services, Nec



Business Services At Non-commercial Site



                            SEGANA, LLC
                                    



 





















S 


SEGANA, LLC
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



24321 LAKEVIEW LN LAKE FOREST, CA 92630
Get Directions








Business Info



 Founded --
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $78,000.00
 Employee Count 1
 Industries Business Services At Non-commercial Site
 Contacts AFARIN SOMERS







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Segana, Llc specializes in Business Services At Non-commercial Site. Segana, Llc has 1 employees and estimated revenues of $78,000.00. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







S

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.











































Segana, LLC. | Orlando, FL, US Startup 






















Start up confidently with Gust Launch: all the legal, accounting, and financial tools you need to start and run your company.






















Overview




Pitch Deck




Executive Summary




Financials




Documents


























Segana, LLC.

Simulator & patient specific 3-D printed lung phantom incorporating patient’ material & radiological properties for enhancing lung cancer radiation treatment 






Stage

Prototype Ready



Industry

Medical Devices and Equipment



Location

Orlando, FL, US



Currency

USD



Founded

April 2015



Employees

1



Incorporation Type

Not Incorporated



Website

seganatech.com

















Company Summary





SegAna’s product is a simulator and novel deformable physical phantom of human lung for improved radiation treatment of lung cancer. SegAna’s solution enables testing of different radiation delivery techniques, fine-tuning the radiation dosage prior to delivery to patients, reducing the number of fractions in the treatment of tumors which significantly reduces the cost of therapy and increases the effectiveness of treatment.










Team













Rodney Bosley






















Advisors













Olusegun Ilegbusi, PhD


Unconfirmed










Jihua Gou












Anand Santhanam, PhD


Unconfirmed
































Loading



