Reign Sapphire Corp 8-K May. 30, 2017  7:25 PM | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO»Reign Sapphire Corp (RGNP)FORM 8-K | Current reportMay. 30, 2017  7:25 PM|About: Reign Sapphire Corp (RGNP)View as PDF

 Reign Sapphire Corp (Form: 8-K, Received: 05/31/2017 06:08:12) 










	 




	UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION




	Washington, D.C. 20549




	 





	 




	 



	FORM 8-K



	 




	 





	 




	CURRENT REPORT




	Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
	Exchange Act of 1934



	 


	Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported):
	May 30, 2017


	 






	Reign Sapphire Corporation




	(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation)


	 






	Delaware






	333-204486






	47-2573116







	(State or other jurisdiction




	(Commission file Number)




	(IRS Employer






	of incorporation)








	Identification No.) 





	 


	 


	 






	9465 Wilshire Boulevard, Beverly Hills, CA






	90212







	(Address of principal executive offices)




	(Zip Code)






	 


	Registrant’s telephone number, including area code:

	(213)
	457-3772




	 




	 





	 




	(Former name or former address, if changed since
	last report.)


	 


	Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended
	to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:


	 







	¨




	Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act
	(17 CFR 230.425)










	¨




	Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act
	(17 CFR 240.14a-12)










	¨



	Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))




	 




	 





	 




	 



	Forward-Looking
	Statements



	 


	This Current Report on Form 8-K and other
	written and oral statements made from time to time by us may contain so-called “forward-looking statements,” all of
	which are subject to risks and uncertainties. Forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of words such as “expects,”
	“plans,” “will,” “forecasts,” “projects,” “intends,” “estimates,”
	and other words of similar meaning. One can identify them by the fact that they do not relate strictly to historical or current
	facts. These statements are likely to address our growth strategy, financial results and product and development programs. One
	must carefully consider any such statement and should understand that many factors could cause actual results to differ from our
	forward looking statements. These factors may include inaccurate assumptions and a broad variety of other risks and uncertainties,
	including some that are known and some that are not. No forward looking statement can be guaranteed and actual future results may
	vary materially.


	 


	Information regarding market and industry
	statistics contained in this Current Report on Form 8-K is included based on information available to us that we believe is accurate.
	It is generally based on industry and other publications that are not produced for purposes of securities offerings or economic
	analysis. We have not reviewed or included data from all sources, and cannot assure investors of the accuracy or completeness of
	the data included in this Current Report. Forecasts and other forward-looking information obtained from these sources are subject
	to the same qualifications and the additional uncertainties accompanying any estimates of future market size, revenue and market
	acceptance of products and services. We do not assume any obligation to update any forward-looking statement. As a result, investors
	should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements.


	 







	Item 1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.




	 



	On May 30, 2017, the Company entered into a Second Consent, Waiver
	and Modification Agreement (the “Agreement”) with certain purchasers of convertible promissory notes (the “Notes”)
	pursuant to securities purchase agreements dated December 23, 2015 and November 10, 2016, which were amended pursuant to a Consent,
	Waiver and Modification Agreement dated October 13, 2016. The waivers contained in the Agreement were related to a waiver of the
	right to participate in additional offerings by the Company, allowing shares of the Company’s common stock to be issued pursuant
	to a private offering at a price of not less than $0.08 per share as well as warrants exercisable for a period of five years at
	$0.30 per share, adjusting the conversion price of the Notes issued to the purchasers to $0.08 per share, extending the maturity
	date of the December 23, 2015 convertible promissory notes to December 31, 2017 and waiving default provisions listed in the Notes
	related to the Company’s failure to timely file its Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2016 and the Form 10-Q for
	the three month period ended March 31, 2017.




	 







	Item 8.01 Other Events.



	 


	Reference is made to the disclosure set forth under Item 1.01 of
	this Current Report on Form 8-K, which disclosure is incorporated herein by reference.




	 







	Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.



	 


	(d) Exhibits. The exhibits listed in the following Exhibit Index
	are filed as part of this Current Report on Form 8-K.


	 


	10.1

	Second Consent, Waiver and Modification Agreement





	 




	 





	 




	 





	SIGNATURES



	 


	Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
	Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.


	 




	 



	REIGN SAPPHIRE CORPORATION





	 


	 


	 





	Date:  May 30, 2017




	By:




	/s/ Joseph Segelman





	 


	 

	 Joseph Segelman, Chief Executive
	Officer






	 




	 















	Exhibit 10.1




	 




	SECOND CONSENT,
	WAIVER AND MODIFICATION AGREEMENT




	 




	This
	Second Consent, Waiver and Modification Agreement (“Agreement”) is made and entered into as of May 30, 2017, by
	and among Reign Sapphire Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the “Company”), and the parties identified on the
	signature page hereto (each a “Purchaser” and collectively, “Purchasers”). Capitalized terms used but
	not defined herein will have the meanings assigned to them in the Securities Purchase Agreements and Transaction Documents
	(all as defined below).




	 




	WHEREAS,
	as of December 23, 2015 and November 10, 2016, the Company and Purchasers identified on Schedule A entered into
	Securities Purchase Agreements (collectively, the “Securities Purchase Agreements” and each a “Securities
	Purchase Agreement”) and related agreements (“Transaction Documents”), which Securities Purchase Agreement
	dated December 23, 2015 was amended pursuant to a Consent, Waiver and Modification Agreement dated October 13, 2016;
	and




	 




	WHEREAS, pursuant
	to the terms of the Securities Purchase Agreements, the Company issued to the Purchasers Secured Convertible Notes (“Notes”),
	Incentive Shares and Warrants (the “Warrants”); and




	 




	WHEREAS, the
	Company is currently in violation of Section 4.3 of the Securities Purchase Agreements and is also in default under Section 8 of
	the Notes, specifically Section 8(viii) of the Notes due to a failure to file the required Form 10-K for the year ended December
	31, 2016 and the Form 10-Q for the three month period ended March 31, 2017; and




	 




	WHEREAS, the
	Company proposes to offer shares of its common stock to new investors at a price per share of $0.08, as well as warrants exercisable
	for a period of five years at $0.30 per share (the “Proposed Issuances”); and




	 




	WHEREAS,
	the Company and the Purchasers desire to extend the Maturity Date (as such term is defined in the December 23, 2015 Notes),
	to December 31, 2017; and




	 




	WHEREAS, pursuant
	to Section 4.13 and Section 4.17 of the Securities Purchase Agreements, and Section 5(e) of the Notes, the Company is prohibited,
	without the prior approval of Purchasers, from issuing any Common Stock as part of a new offering,, issuing any Common Stock or
	Common Stock Equivalents to officers, directors and employees of the Company unless such issuance is an Exempt Issuance pursuant
	to items (a) and (d) of the definition of Exempt Issuance or in the amounts and on the terms described on Schedule 4.13 to the
	Securities Purchase Agreements and to amend any of its charter documents; and




	 




	WHEREAS, in
	connection with the Proposed Issuances, each Purchaser possesses a right of participation (“Right of Participation”)
	and certain other rights (“MFN Rights”) pursuant to Sections 4.17 and 4.23 respectively of the Securities Purchase
	Agreements; and




	 




	WHEREAS, pursuant
	to Section 5(e) of the Notes and Section 3(c) of the Warrants, upon a Dilutive Issuance, the Purchasers are entitled to an adjustment
	to the Conversion Price and Exercise Price, respectively; and



	 




	 





	 





	 




	WHEREAS,
	the Purchasers will waive all rights and default provisions related to the failure of the Company to file its Form 10-K for
	the year ended December 31, 2016 and the three month period ended March 31, 2017 as further described in Section 4 below;
	and




	 




	WHEREAS, solely
	in connection with the Proposed Issuances, Purchasers will waive each of the following three items: (i) the Right of Participation,
	(ii) their MFN Rights, and (iii) release the Company from the restrictions described in the sixth recital above.




	 




	NOW THEREFORE,
	in consideration of promises and mutual covenants contained herein, for good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency
	of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto hereby consent and agree as follows:




	 




	1.          With
	respect only to the Proposed Issuances, the Purchasers waive (i) the Right of Participation and their MFN Rights; (ii) solely in
	connection with the Proposed Issuances, release the Company from the restrictions described in the sixth recital above only to
	the extent required to effectuate the waivers agreed to in this Agreement and for no other purpose, and (iii) solely in connection
	with the Proposed Issuances, allow the issuance of shares of Common Stock as part of a private offering at a price of not less
	than $0.08 per share of Common Stock, subject to adjustment for stock splits, stock dividends, similar events and equitable adjustment.




	 




	2.          Section
	4(b) of the Notes shall hereby be amended to state that the conversion price for the principal and interest in connection with
	voluntary conversions by the Holder shall be $0.08 per share, subject to further adjustments as described in the Notes and Transaction
	Documents.




	 




	3.          The
	Maturity Date of the December 23, 2015 Notes shall be amended to December 31, 2017, subject to acceleration as described in
	the Notes and Transaction Documents.




	 




	4.          The
	Purchasers agree to waive all default provisions and rights related to the Company's failure to timely file its Form 10-K for
	the year ended December 31, 2016 and the Form 10-Q for the three month period ended March 31, 2017, only provided such Form
	10-K for the year ended December 31, 2016 and the Form 10-Q for the period ended March 31, 2017 are filed no later than June
	15, 2017.




	 




	5.          Each
	of the Purchasers hereby represents the truth and accuracy of each Purchaser's representations and warranties contained in the
	Transaction Documents when made and also as if such representations and warranties were made as of the date hereof. The Company
	hereby represents the truth and accuracy of all of the Company's representations and warranties contained in the Transaction Documents
	when made and also as if such representations and warranties were made as of the date hereof, except as same have been modified
	or updated in the SEC Reports.




	 




	6.          Each
	of the Purchasers executing this Agreement represents to the Company that it has the authority to enter into and deliver this Agreement.




	 




	7.          Except
	as specifically described herein, there is no other waiver expressed or implied.




	 




	8.          In
	this Agreement words importing the singular number include the plural and vice versa; words importing the masculine gender include
	the feminine and neutral genders. The word “person” includes an individual, body corporate, partnership, trustee or
	trust or unincorporated association executor, administrator or legal representative.




	 





	 





	 





	 




	9.          This
	Agreement will be subject to amendment and/or waiver in the same manner and subject to the same requirements as described in the
	Transaction Documents.




	 




	10.         The
	invalidity or unenforceability of any provision hereof will in no way affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision.




	 




	11.         All
	notices, demands, requests, consents, approvals, and other communications required or permitted in connection with this Agreement
	shall be made and given in the same manner set forth in Section 5.4 of the Securities Purchase Agreements.




	 




	12.         This
	Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York without regard to conflicts of
	laws and principles that would result in the application of the substantive laws of another jurisdiction. Any action brought by
	either party against the other concerning the transactions contemplated by this Agreement shall be brought only in the state courts
	of New York in the federal courts located in the state of New York. Both parties and the individuals executing this Agreement and
	other agreements on behalf of the parties agree to submit to the jurisdiction of such courts and waive trial by jury. The prevailing
	party (which shall be the party which receives an award most closely resembling the remedy or action sought) shall be entitled
	to recover from the other party its reasonable attorney's fees and costs. In the event that any provision of this Agreement or
	any other agreement delivered in connection herewith is invalid or unenforceable under any applicable statute or rule of law, then
	such provision shall be deemed inoperative to the extent that it may conflict therewith and shall be deemed modified to conform
	with such statute or rule of law. Any such provision which may prove invalid or unenforceable under any law shall not affect the
	validity or enforceability of any other provision of any agreement.




	 




	13.         The
	division of this Agreement into articles, sections, subsections and paragraphs and the insertion of headings are for convenience
	of reference only and shall not affect the construction or interpretation of this agreement.




	 




	14.         This
	Agreement may be executed in counterparts, all of which when taken together shall be considered one and the same Agreement and
	shall become effective when the counterparts have been signed by each party and delivered to the other party, it is being understood
	that all parties need not sign the same counterpart. In the event that any signature is delivered by facsimile or PDF transmission,
	such signature shall create a valid and binding obligation of the party executing (or on whose behalf such signature is executed)
	the same with the same force and effect as if such facsimile signature were an original thereof.




	 




	(Signatures
	to follow)




	 





	 





	 





	 




	IN WITNESS WHEREOF,
	the Company, Guarantor, Collateral Agent and the undersigned Purchasers have caused this Agreement to be executed as of the date
	first written above.




	 




	REIGN SAPPHIRE CORPORATION




	 




	the “Company”




	 





	 



	By:



	 





	 




	AUSTRALIAN SAPPHIRE CORPORATION




	 




	the “Guarantor”




	 





	 



	By:



	 





	 




	COLLATERAL AGENT




	 





	 


	 




	 



	ALPHA CAPITAL ANSTALT






	 






	“PURCHASER”




	 






	ALPHA CAPITAL ANSTALT



	 



	BRIO CAPITAL MASTER FUND LTD.





	 


	 


	 


	 


	 





	By:



	 


	 



	 By:








	Name:



	 


	 


	 



	Name:






	Title:



	 


	 


	 



	Title







	 





	 















	NEW ENGLAND BLUE Trademark of Segelman, Joseph. Serial Number: 85775129 :: Trademarkia Trademarks





























































Apply Online!
Attorneys

Services 

U.S. Trademark Registration Service 
International Trademark Registration Service 
Trademark Office Action Response 
Trademark Statement of Use 
Trademark Renewal 
Trademark Assignment 
Trademark Watch 
Trademark Cease & Desist  
Trademark Comprehensive Search  
Copyright Registration 
Patent Services 
Incorporation Services 
Business Page Creation 
 More Services... 


Help
Contact Us


Login






















Trademark Search 
Trademark Category
Jewelry Products
NEW ENGLAND BLUE










 
Get FREE email alerts













NEW ENGLAND BLUE  Trademark Information
 Segelman, Joseph
Sapphire




Perfect for these industries

Jewelry Products 





Words that describe this mark
sapphire    
                                    




This is a brand page for the NEW ENGLAND BLUE trademark by Segelman, Joseph 
                                in Beverly Hills, CA, 90212.
Write a review about a product or service associated with this NEW ENGLAND BLUE trademark.    
                                Or, contact the owner Segelman, Joseph of the NEW ENGLAND BLUE trademark by filing a request to communicate with    
                                the Legal Correspondent for licensing, use, and/or questions related to the NEW ENGLAND BLUE trademark.
                           






On Thursday, November 8, 2012,  a U.S. federal trademark registration was filed for 
                        NEW ENGLAND BLUE by 
                        Segelman, Joseph, Beverly Hills, CA  90212.
                        The USPTO has given the NEW ENGLAND BLUE 
                        trademark serial  number of  85775129.  
                        The current federal status of this trademark filing is ABANDONED - FAILURE TO RESPOND OR LATE RESPONSE.
                        The correspondent listed for NEW ENGLAND BLUE is 
                        
                        
                                            CLINTON J. CUSICK of 
                                            Cusick IP, PLLC,  623 North Broad Street, LANSDALE PA 19446 
                                .
                            The NEW ENGLAND BLUE trademark is filed in the category of 
                            
                                    Jewelry Products 
                                . 
                            The description provided to the USPTO for NEW ENGLAND BLUE 
                            is Sapphire. 
                            





Word mark:
 NEW ENGLAND BLUE


  Status/Status Date:  


ABANDONED - FAILURE TO RESPOND OR LATE RESPONSE

2/13/2014






  Serial Number:  
85775129


  Filing Date:  
11/8/2012


 Registration Number:  
NOT AVAILABLE


 Registration Date:  
NOT AVAILABLE


 Goods and Services: 
Sapphire


 Mark Description: 
NOT AVAILABLE


 Type Of Mark: 
TradeMark


 Published For Opposition Date: 
N/A


Last Applicant/Owner:

Segelman, JosephBeverly Hills, CA  90212
Why is this contact information displayed?  

Why is this contact information displayed? [Close]
The USPTO makes this data available for search by the public so that individuals can locate ownership information for intellectual property, much the same way a county might make real estate property ownership information available.
Since our website is synchronized with the USPTO data, we recommend making any data changes with the USPTO directly. Our website will auto-update when the USPTO data is updated.
You may also contact Trademarkia to make a request for the removal of your personally identifiable information or trademark data.  Such requests must be made in writing and will be subject to verification of ownership.  This policy allows verified trademark owners to specify: (A) that their identifiable information be masked, or (B) that their trademark pages permanently deleted from Trademarkia.com.  
                                                Requests may be made directly to customer.service@trademarkia.com and every effort will be made to honor them within 48 hours. 
Click here for further details.
[Close]




 Mark Drawing Code:  
Standard Character Mark


 Design Search: 


(NO DATA)



Register Type:  
Principal


 Disclaimer:
 (NOT AVAILABLE)


 Correspondent:


CLINTON J. CUSICK
Cusick IP, PLLC
623 North Broad Street
LANSDALE PA 19446






 Intent to Use Trademark - Applicant has not submitted proof of use in commerce the the USPTO.





Classification Information



Primary Class: 
 Class (014) - Precious metals and their alloys and goods in precious metals or coated therewith, not included in other classes; jewelry, precious stones; horological and chronometric instruments.


First Use Anywhere: 
Not provided


First Use In Commerce: 
Not provided





Trademarkia is the largest search engine for U.S. trademarks.  Each month hundreds of trademarks around the world are filed by licensed attorneys in the LegalForce/Trademarkia network! You can register your trademark in 170+ countries in the world through LegalForce Network.
 LegalForce Network can help you incorporate a business around your NEW ENGLAND BLUE trademark in less than 5 minutes.  Trademarkia makes the process easy and convenient, so start now!
 Trademarkia.com is a free search engine of publicly available government records.  Trademarkia.com is not a law firm and does not represent owners & correspondents listed on this page.
Trademark Document Retrieval >>







Trademark - Apply Online!


100% Satisfaction Guarantee protect your valuable brand now.



How it works?
What you get?






1. Legalforce RAPC - #1 U.S. Trademark Filing from 2010 to now.
2. Describe how your business or product is being used. Register your mark in 176+ countries. Just $199 + govt fees! Start here >>






1. Top Global IP Attorneys - Credibility and Experience!
2. All processes will be performed in a timely manner. You will be informed periodically about the process.






Keep Track of this Brand.

 Trademark Watch Services
Keep track of how your trademark is being used. Available in the United States and in more than 176 countries. Round-the-clock monitoring. Monthly report on potential infringement.
                                

Watch this Trademark 

Trademark Watch Services read more...

Current Trademark Status:

2/13/2014
ABANDONED - FAILURE TO RESPOND OR LATE RESPONSE


Free Trademark Search:






Correspondent Search:



CLINTON J. CUSICK


                                             
                                         is a correspondent of NEW ENGLAND BLUE trademark. 
                            	    


Current Overall Rating:

 (0 review)
                            
What You Can Do:




Start Your Business



FREE Logo Creator



Add to Favorites



View Documents



FREE Trademark Search



Start Trademark Filing Process



Protect this Mark Internationally



Custom Logo Design $159



Search newenglandblue on popular social networks






                                Trademarkia lets you see how your 
                                personal name, product name, 
                                trademark name or username is being used on any of 530+ new 
                                and popular social networks.  
                                Be the first to reserve your name  and get help stopping others from using it - all in one place!















Trademark Oppose Service


You can request for Extension of Time to Oppose this mark or Oppose it now.



                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 







Status Update Alerts

Status Update Alerts are email updates of the latest trademark status change. Please make sure you provide the correct email. 


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 









Review & Rating

Please Rate and Review for NEW ENGLAND BLUE 




NEW ENGLAND BLUE is providing Sapphire.
                


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password to be associated with your review.
                 

                 If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password before posting your review.
                 


* Please Rate: 


     




* Your Review: 



 Please enter your review.



* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



 

  
                             



 





















Insider Trading - Segelman Joseph - Form 4 SEC Filings












Home |
Archives |
Products |
About |
Contact |
FAQ |



New User?
Sign Up | 
Sign In









Form 4 Filings


Insider Buys


Significant Buys


Penny StocksInsider Buying


Insider Sales




Insider Buy Sell Ratios


Stock Options


Insider TradingStock Screener


Insider TradingGraph View


Insider Watch





Sec Filings Insider Trading - Segelman Joseph





Select Time period: 
1 Month
2 Months
3 Months
6 Months
1 Year
2 Years
3 Years
4 Years
All Data
 

     



google

   



yahoo!



Send this page to:  

Blog
  



Digg

  



Reddit

  



Facebook

  



Stumble

  



del.icio.us








Enter Stock Ticker Symbol or Cik:




Cik Lookup...






Search By Company or Insider Name:







"Insiders might sell their shares for any number of reasons, but they buy them for only one:
they think the price will rise"
- Peter Lynch ==>>

What is insider trading>>



Email a friend >>...







Historical filings delayed by 6 months. New user?
Sign Up for real time data.
Existing user?
Sign In

Common stock purchase or sale:



TransactionDate
ReportedDate
Company
Symbol
InsiderRelationship
SharesTraded
AveragePrice
TotalAmount
SharesOwned
Filing




2016-12-19Purchase
2016-12-203:57 pm
Reign Sapphire Corp
RGNP
Segelman JosephCEODirector10% Owner
5,000
$0.1
$500
25,010,000(Direct)
View


2016-12-14Purchase
2016-12-1511:39 am
Reign Sapphire Corp
RGNP
Segelman JosephCEODirector10% Owner
5,000
$0.1
$500
25,005,000(Direct)
View










    © 2005-2017 SecForm4.Com All rights reserved.
    Archives:
    2017 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 ... 
    Fri, 28 Jul 2017 13:42:16 -0500
  

    SEC is the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. EDGAR is a trademark of the SEC.
    SecForm4.Com is not affiliated with or approved by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC).
Terms of Use |
    Privacy Statement |
  










Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version













Reign Sapphire Corp (RGNP.PK)  People | Reuters.com


























































X



Edition:

United States


















Africa
América Latina


عربي
Argentina


Brasil
Canada


中国
Deutschland


España
France


India
Italia


日本
México


РОССИЯ
United Kingdom

United States
















Reign Sapphire Corp (RGNP.PK)










Related Topics: 
StocksStock ScreenerMarket DataBasic MaterialsPrecious Metals & Minerals












                
                        Overview
                    



                
                        News
                    



                
                        Key Developments
                    



                
                        People
                    



                
                        Charts
                    



                
                        Financials
                    



                
                        Analysts
                    



                    
                            Research
                        



                    
                            Pulse
                        










				RGNP.PK on OTC Markets Group


				0.06USD
27 Jul 2017





				    Change	(% chg)


		    
						    --


					            (--)
					        






Prev Close

$0.06


Open

--




Day's High

--


Day's Low

--




Volume

--


Avg. Vol

20,657




52-wk High

$1.00


52-wk Low

$0.00











					Summary





Name
Age
Since
Current Position




							Joseph Segelman

39
2014

                                President, Chief Executive Officer, Director




							Chaya Segelman

36
2014

                                Secretary, Director



» Insider Trading





					Biographies





Name
Description




							Joseph Segelman


					
							Mr. Joseph Segelman is President, Chief Executive Officer, Director of the company. since December 2014. During the five year period prior to December 2014, Mr. Segelman served as the Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director of UWI Holdings Corporation (previously known as Australian Sapphire Corporation), Shefa Mining Corporation and Spencer Lloyd & Associates. He is an experienced marketing and operations professional with over 17 years of experience in logistics and marketing and extensive experience in the Australian mining and gem industry. He is currently Director of Australian Sapphire Corporation and Spencer Lloyd & Associates. He is also a Director & Board Member of OBK (a Sydney based charity), and a Captain (Chaplain) in the Australian Army reserves. Mr. Segelman is the author of “Take Action: Successful Australians Share their Secrets”, (Lothian Books, 2004).




							Chaya Segelman


					
							Ms. Chaya Segelman is Secretary, Director of the company. since December 2014. During the five year period prior to December 2014, Mrs. Segelman served as the secretary and head of operations and a member of the board of directors of UWI Holdings Corporation (previously known as Australian Sapphire Corporation), Shefa Mining Corporation and Spencer Lloyd & Associates. She has over 15 years of company administration experience.











					Basic Compensation





Name
Fiscal Year Total




							Joseph Segelman

2,665,000




							Chaya Segelman

75,000



As Of 
30 Dec 2015





					Options Compensation





Name
Options
Value




							Joseph Segelman

0
0




							Chaya Segelman

0
0









					Insider Trading












Name
Shares Traded
Price


Segelman (Joseph)
8,500
$0.18


Segelman (Joseph)
2,500
$0.12


Segelman (Joseph)
5,000
$0.10


Segelman (Joseph)
5,000
$0.10




» Full list on Insider Trading
















Related Topics: 
StocksStock ScreenerMarket DataBasic MaterialsPrecious Metals & Minerals























Joseph I Segelman - Los Angeles, CA | Intelius



























Sign In



We found Joseph I Segelman in Los Angeles, CA


Joseph I Segelman

                                                                           Intelius found that Joseph I Segelman  is  a male between 40 and 50 years old from Los Angeles, CA.  We have connected them to
                3 addresses,
                2 phones,
                and 2 relatives or associates.
         






Get Report Now

Age

Joseph I Segelman is in his 40s

Joseph Has Lived In

Los Angeles, CA
Brooklyn, NY

Joseph's Relatives

Chaya Segelman
Yossi Segelman







Joseph I Segelman



Zodiac SignCancer



GenderMale



Get Report Now










Want to know more about Joseph? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about Joseph, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on Joseph I Segelman
Get a Criminal Check on Joseph I Segelman
Get a Public Record Report on Joseph I Segelman
Get a People Search Report on Joseph I Segelman


Joseph I Segelman's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where Joseph I Segelman has lived as well as Joseph I Segelman's phone numbers and email addresses.




Joseph I Segelman Has Lived in 2 States
California Address for Joseph I Segelman


1716 S S********* D* 

Los Angeles, CA


Has Lived In

Los Angeles, CA
Brooklyn, NY


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with Joseph I Segelman

(310) ***-**** - Los Angeles, CA 
(310) ***-**** - Los Angeles, CA 


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with Joseph I Segelman



Get Email Report




Joseph I Segelman's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for Joseph I Segelman


Joseph I Segelman's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of Joseph I Segelman's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
Joseph Segelman
Username Matches

                  JosephSegelman
                  SegelmanJoseph
                  Joseph.Segelman
                  Segelman.Joseph
                  Joseph_Segelman
                  Segelman_Joseph
                  Joseph-Segelman
                  Segelman-Joseph
                  JSegelman
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
J Segelman







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.






















 





      Ex-CEO Sigelman of PetroTiger Sentenced to Probation Over Bribery - WSJ
    












































































































 




Dow Jones, a News Corp companyNews Corp is a network of leading companies in the worlds of diversified media, news, education, and information servicesDow JonesBarron'sBigChartsDJXDow Jones NewswiresFactivaFinancial NewsMansion GlobalMarketWatchNewsPlusPrivate MarketsRisk & ComplianceWSJ ConferenceWSJ ProWSJ VideoWSJ.comNews CorpBig DecisionsBusiness SpectatorCheckout51Harper CollinsNew York PostPropTigerREArealtor.comStoryfulThe AustralianThe SunThe TimesSubscribe NowSign InThe Wall Street JournalSearchSearch→
 

 

















                      Amazon’s Expansion Costs Take a Toll
                    











                      Trump Comments on U.S. Factories Make It Awkward for Apple
                    











                      An Electric Maserati? Fiat Chrysler CEO Says It’s on the Way
                    











                        Globalization in Retreat
                      

                      China’s Next Target: U.S. Microchip Hegemony
                    











                      Shell Prepares for ‘Lower Forever’ Oil Prices
                    











                      Uber Approaches GE CEO Jeff Immelt About Top Role
                    











                      Glencore Under Probe Over Congo Payments
                    











                      Chinese Billionaire Scales Down His Hollywood Dreams
                    











                      Intel Finds Room to Boost Revenue
                    











                      United Therapeutics in Settlement Talks With Justice Department
                    











                      Procter &amp; Gamble, Activist Spar Over Latest Results
                    









 



 






 

































        Small
      




        Medium
      




        Large
      








Save Article
Sign In to Save
Subscribe to WSJ









 










Business




Ex-CEO Sigelman of PetroTiger Sentenced to Probation Over Bribery
Joseph Sigelman gets no jail time after defense accepted plea deal

 






By

Joel Schectman


Joel Schectman
The Wall Street Journal
BiographyJoel Schectman
@joel_schectman
joel.schectman@wsj.com




  Updated June 16, 2015 4:32 p.m. ET





A federal judge in U.S. District Court in Camden, N.J., on Tuesday sentenced former PetroTiger Chief Executive Joseph Sigelman to probation with no jail time, after the defense accepted an unexpected plea deal in the middle of his bribery trial. The plea agreement, negotiated over the weekend, represented a surprising turn of events in the closely watched trial entering its third week. On Monday, Mr. Sigelman admitted to authorizing...
  


    To Read the Full Story
  


      Subscribe
    

      Sign In
    



 












 






Most Popular Videos









John McCain Casts Deciding Vote to Defeat Health Bill









Sen. Graham: The 'Skinny' Bill Is a Disaster









Dan Neil Drives VW's Atlas









Who and What Is Covered by Medicaid?









How Luxury Home Builders Build for Themselves






Most Popular Articles








Bad News If You Make $150,000 to $300,000: Higher Taxes for Many








Opinion: Trump Is Woody Allen Without the Humor








Scaramucci Erupts Over Priebus and Leakers








Japan Slaps 50% Tariff on Some U.S. Beef








Stop Saying Tom Brady Is Old!





 





 







              Popular on WSJ
            








Most Popular Videos









John McCain Casts Deciding Vote to Defeat Health Bill









Sen. Graham: The 'Skinny' Bill Is a Disaster









Dan Neil Drives VW's Atlas









Who and What Is Covered by Medicaid?









How Luxury Home Builders Build for Themselves






Most Popular Articles








Bad News If You Make $150,000 to $300,000: Higher Taxes for Many








Opinion: Trump Is Woody Allen Without the Humor








Scaramucci Erupts Over Priebus and Leakers








Japan Slaps 50% Tariff on Some U.S. Beef








Stop Saying Tom Brady Is Old!





 








 
















   
     
       
     
   

  
    
      
    
  

  
    
      
    
  

  
    
      
    
  


  
    
    
      
    
    
      Save Article
      Sign In to Save
      Subscribe to WSJ
    
  

   
     
       
     
   
   
     
       
     
   




  
  
    
      
  
    
      Text Size
  
      
      
        

        Small
      
  
      
      
        

        Medium
      
  
      
      
        

        Large
      
    
  
  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
    
      
        
          
            
              
          
            Print
          
        
      
          
            
              
          
            Facebook
          
        
        
          
            
              
          
            Twitter
          
        
        
          
            
              
          
            WhatsApp
          
        
  
        
          
            
              
          
            SMS
          
        
  
  
        
          
            
              
          
            Copy Link
          
        
  
      
  
      
        
    
  
    
  
  
  


 













