






























Segment Wealth Management LLC Has $2.56 Million Stake in United Parcel Service, Inc. (UPS) - Chaffey Breeze













































 
















 



  
 
 
























Daily Ratings & News for United Parcel Service Inc.

        
	Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor United Parcel Service Inc. with our free daily email newsletter:










Follow @chaffeybreeze












Recent Posts

OppenheimerFunds Inc. Increases Position in Regal Beloit Corporation (NYSE:RBC)
Reynders McVeigh Capital Management LLC Has $6.38 Million Position in International Business Machines Corporation (NYSE:IBM)
Stock Traders Purchase High Volume of Put Options on General Electric (NYSE:GE)
Axa Has $482,000 Position in Enterprise Products Partners L.P. (EPD)
Segment Wealth Management LLC Has $2.56 Million Stake in United Parcel Service, Inc. (UPS)
Autus Asset Management LLC Has $596,000 Position in U.S. Bancorp (NYSE:USB)
FairPoint Communications Inc (FRP) Shares Bought by Parametric Portfolio Associates LLC
Parametric Portfolio Associates LLC Has $2.65 Million Position in TELUS Corporation (NYSE:TU)
Vanguard Total International Stock ETF (NASDAQ:VXUS) Given Media Impact Score of -0.25
JPMorgan Chase & Co. Raises Stake in New York Community Bancorp, Inc. (NYCB)
Wellington Management Group LLP Has $6.37 Million Position in B/E Aerospace Inc (NASDAQ:BEAV)
TIAA CREF Investment Management LLC Has $8.55 Million Position in Bemis Company, Inc. (BMS)
Premier Financial Bancorp (NASDAQ:PFBI) Receiving Positive News Coverage, Report Finds
Legal & General Group Plc Takes Position in AMN Healthcare Services Inc (AMN)
XL Group (NYSE:XL) Earning Favorable News Coverage, Accern Reports
Arizona State Retirement System Raises Position in Spectrum Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (SPPI)
Princeton Portfolio Strategies Group LLC Has $759,000 Stake in BP p.l.c. (BP)
Zacks: Brokerages Expect TriplePoint Venture Growth BDC Corp. (NYSE:TPVG) Will Announce Quarterly Sales of $11.49 Million
McGrath RentCorp (NASDAQ:MGRC) Declares $0.26 Quarterly Dividend
Positive Press Coverage Extremely Likely to Impact CorVel Corp. (NASDAQ:CRVL) Stock Price







Segment Wealth Management LLC Has $2.56 Million Stake in United Parcel Service, Inc. (UPS)


					Posted by Charlotte Bryant on Jul 26th, 2017 // No Comments




Segment Wealth Management LLC boosted its position in  United Parcel Service, Inc. (NYSE:UPS) by 4.4% during the first quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The institutional investor  owned 23,876 shares of the transportation company’s stock after buying an additional 1,015 shares during the period. Segment Wealth Management LLC’s holdings in United Parcel Service were worth $2,562,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. 
Other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also recently bought and sold shares of the company. Genovese Burford & Brothers Wealth & Retirement Plan Management LLC increased its position in  United Parcel Service by 0.3% in the first quarter. Genovese Burford & Brothers Wealth & Retirement Plan Management LLC now owns 1,477 shares of the transportation company’s stock worth $159,000 after buying an additional 4 shares during the period.  Weatherly Asset Management L. P. increased its position in  United Parcel Service by 0.4% in the first quarter. Weatherly Asset Management L. P. now owns 4,159 shares of the transportation company’s stock worth $446,000 after buying an additional 15 shares during the period.  Bollard Group LLC increased its position in  United Parcel Service by 0.8% in the first quarter. Bollard Group LLC now owns 2,222 shares of the transportation company’s stock worth $238,000 after buying an additional 17 shares during the period.  Atlas Brown Inc. increased its position in  United Parcel Service by 0.9% in the first quarter. Atlas Brown Inc. now owns 2,296 shares of the transportation company’s stock worth $246,000 after buying an additional 20 shares during the period.  Finally, Cadence Bank NA increased its position in  United Parcel Service by 1.0% in the first quarter. Cadence Bank NA now owns 2,534 shares of the transportation company’s stock worth $272,000 after buying an additional 25 shares during the period. 53.24% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. 


 Get United Parcel Service Inc. alerts:



Shares of United Parcel Service, Inc. (NYSE:UPS) opened at 113.22 on Wednesday. The company’s 50 day moving average price is $110.13 and its 200-day moving average price is $108.27. The stock has a market capitalization of $98.25 billion, a P/E ratio of 28.92 and a beta of 0.88. United Parcel Service, Inc. has a 12 month low of $102.12 and a 12 month high of $120.44. 





United Parcel Service (NYSE:UPS) last announced its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, April 27th. The transportation company reported $1.32 earnings per share for the quarter, topping analysts’ consensus estimates of $1.29 by $0.03. United Parcel Service had a net margin of 5.60% and a return on equity of 320.39%. The company had revenue of $15.32 billion during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $15.19 billion. During the same period in the previous year, the business earned $1.27 EPS. The firm’s revenue for the quarter was up 6.2% on a year-over-year basis.  Equities analysts predict that  United Parcel Service, Inc. will post $5.95 earnings per share for the current year. 
TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: “Segment Wealth Management LLC Has $2.56 Million Stake in United Parcel Service, Inc. (UPS)” was first  posted by Chaffey Breeze and is the sole property of of Chaffey Breeze. If you are viewing this piece of content on another domain, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of United States and international trademark & copyright laws. The correct version of this piece of content can be accessed at https://www.chaffeybreeze.com/2017/07/26/united-parcel-service-inc-ups-position-raised-by-segment-wealth-management-llc-updated-updated.html. 
A number of research analysts recently weighed in on the company. BidaskClub raised United Parcel Service from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Tuesday, June 20th. Cowen and Company  reaffirmed a “hold” rating on shares of United Parcel Service in a research note on Wednesday, July 19th. Seaport Global Securities assumed coverage on United Parcel Service in a research note on Tuesday, June 6th. They issued a “neutral” rating for the company. Oppenheimer Holdings, Inc.  reissued an “outperform” rating and issued a $116.00 price objective on shares of United Parcel Service in a research note on Friday, May 19th. Finally, Zacks Investment Research downgraded United Parcel Service from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Tuesday, July 4th. Two investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, eleven have assigned  a hold rating and six have assigned  a buy rating to the company’s stock. United Parcel Service presently has an average rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $114.57.
In related news, SVP Kathleen M. Gutmann sold 2,000 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday, June 5th. The shares were sold at an average price of $107.49, for a total value of $214,980.00. The sale was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available through this hyperlink. 0.59% of the stock is owned by insiders. 
United Parcel Service Company Profile
United Parcel Service, Inc (UPS) is a package delivery company. The Company is a provider of global supply chain management solutions. The Company operates through three segments: U.S. Domestic Package operations, International Package operations, and Supply Chain & Freight operations. As of December 31, 2016, the Company delivered packages in over 220 countries and territories.







Receive News & Ratings for United Parcel Service Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for United Parcel Service Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.








 






















Latest News





Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name  (Required) 



Mail (will not be published)  (Required) 



Website












 

 















































Wealth Management Industry: AuM Branding and Segmentation Analysis in New Market Research Report at ReportsnReports.com 




























PRWeb
Home
News Center
Blog



United States
United Kingdom
France

			Login
		
			Create a free account
		




RSS


Email Newsletters


Put PRWeb on your site




Wealth Management Industry: AuM Branding and Segmentation Analysis in New Market Research Report at ReportsnReports.com



Share Article

















“2020 Foresight Report: Branding and Segmentation in Wealth Management” is the new market research report added to ReportsnReports.com store.









Past News ReleasesRSS



Dallas, Texas (PRWEB)
April 27, 2013
 Managing the wealth of individual clients has become a strategic priority for financial institutions across developed and developing markets. Global wealth management growth in terms of AuM fell dramatically over the last three years (2009–2012) due to the US economic crisis, combined with the Eurozone crisis in 2011, resulting in high market volatility and sapped economic growth globally that eroded investors’ asset values and refrained them from investing in the capital market. However, wealth management organizations are adopting various strategies in order to build a distinctive brand, helping to distinguish their product offerings from their counterparts in order to gain a competitive edge. Moreover, the wealth management organization segments customers under various categories according to wealth holdings. Many private banks and wealth managers across the Asia-Pacific, Americas and Europe have developed sector specific strategies to tap into groups of high net-worth individuals and families through their personal interests, leading to different approaches to segmentation and the factors that need to be taken into account when assessing the needs of different groups. Wealth management companies are segmenting their clients through an asset-based approach or through linear segmentation. Wealth management firms categorize their clients into four segments: the mass market, mass affluent, high net worth individuals (HNWIs) and ultra high net worth individuals (UHNWIs). The mass market segment comprises individual households with a moderate income and property which need only basic banking and investment services. There has been a significant growth in demand for alternative investments among HNWIs in the Asia-Pacific region. In 2011, certain categories of IOPs such as art, jewelry and collectibles delivered higher returns than equities since the global financial and economic crisis, and emerged as an important component of the overall investment strategy for Asia-Pacific HNWIs. China and Hong Kong overtook the US as the world’s largest market for art and antiques and the interest is pushing up the value of indigenous works, as evidenced by the 20.6% increase in 2011 in the World Traditional Chinese Works of Art Index. Significantly, Asia-Pacific HNWIs continue to buy into professional sports, despite the lack of financial returns.
Scope
  This report provides a comprehensive analysis of regional branding and segmentation strategies in the wealth management industry across the world - http://www.reportsnreports.com/reports/237924-2020-foresight-report-branding-and-segmentation-in-wealth-management.html 
 It provides data on current market size and future prospects for the wealth management industry in leading markets
 It details various approaches adopted by wealth market players to segment the market according to target customers across the industry
 It details the market entry strategies and product, target and customer retention strategies used by various wealth management companies in the wealth management industry
Reasons to Buy
  Assess the branding and segmentation strategies of leading companies in the wealth management industry - http://www.reportsnreports.com/tags/wealth-management-market-research.html. 
 Assess the trends, drivers and implications in the wealth management industry
 Make strategic business decisions using historic and forecast market data related to the wealth management business in leading wealth management companies and key target markets
 The report details the various trends and drivers impacting the growth and profitability of the industry
 Gain insights into the marketing entry strategies, target, and product and customer retention strategies adopted for expansion of wealth management business
Key Highlights
  The wealth management industry emerged as a significant segment for the financial sector in the late 1980s. Due to increasing demand from wealthy individuals throughout the world, the industry was equipped with a network of investment advisors to serve high net worth individuals (HNWIs) and ultra high net worth individuals (UHNWIs).
 There was a significant increase in the number of HNWIs globally, enabling wealth management organizations to overhaul their business models and target strategies in order to cater to the growing needs of the wealthy individuals. 
 Wealth management companies are segmenting their clients through an asset-based approach or through linear segmentation. In order to deliver cost-effective service offerings to various levels of wealth management customers, asset management companies need to have a well-defined and executable segmentation plan.
 There has been a significant growth in demand for alternative investments among HNWIs in the Asia-Pacific region. In 2011, certain categories of IOPs such as art, jewelry and collectibles delivered higher returns than equities since the global financial and economic crisis, and emerged as an important component of the overall investment strategy for Asia-Pacific HNWIs.
 European wealth managers have developed the use of smartphone and tablet applications in France, Germany, Italy, Spain, Switzerland, and the UK. BNP Paribas Fortis is targeting wealthy investors in Belgium by offering James, a video-based access point for financial advisors.
Buy a copy of report @ http://www.reportsnreports.com/purchase.aspx?name=237924.
Explore more report on Banking and Financial Services Market @ http://www.reportsnreports.com/market-research/banking-services/. 
About Us 
ReportsnReports.com - http://www.reportsnreports.com/  is an online market research reports library of 200,000+ reports and in-depth studies of 5000+ micro markets.



Share article on socal media or email:









View article via:
											Pdf
										
											Print
										






Contact Author

Priyank
ReportsNReports + 1-888-391-5441
				Email >
			
Follow us on


									Visit website
								




News Center




Verify real user


























Verify real user













Verify real user


























Verify real user













Verify real user


























Verify real user















SEGMENT WEALTH MANAGEMENT LLC Houston TX, 77056 - Cortera Company Profile
















cortera. business directory



Create
								Account
Login
Developers





Search Cortera for a Business









State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Puerto Rico
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming














Home
Business
							Directory
Securities, Commodity Brokers, and Services
Segment Wealth Management LLC
Cortera Support: 866-589-0664







Segment Wealth Management LLC



3050 Post Oak Blvd, Ste 1680

Houston,
							
							
							 TX
							
							
							 77056-6573
							
							 |  view map


(713) 275-4211

						Looking for more information? Sign
							up for FREE!







Company Overview

SEGMENT WEALTH MANAGEMENT LLC is in the Investment Advice industry in Houston, TX.  This company currently has approximately 1 to 5 employees  and  annual sales of Under $500,000.













Company Details

Location Type:
						Single Location
					

Industry:
						Investment Advice
					

Ownership: Private
						
					

Year Founded:
						2010
					

Sales Range:
						Under $500,000
					

Employees:
						1 to 5


     
    
   
  

						Have fresher information?  Update
















Latest Company News







READ ALL COMPANY NEWS IN THE
									COMPLETE COMPANY CREDIT REPORT







Recent Company Alerts

Credit Risk Increase
No


Overall Payments
No


Peer Payments
No


Public Records
No


Financial News
No












								Alerts on more than 5,000 companies today,
								including:
							

University of Alaska Fairbanks


Hammer & CO


Ideal Construction CO


Coats Electric CO Inc


Barnes & Noble


Montgomery Marine Repair


Southern Cleaning Service Inc


Walbro


RAM Enterprises Inc


Mitchell Industrial Contractors Inc








Community Payment Ratings
















								LATEST COMMUNITY REVIEWS OF THIS COMPANY
								
							

Cortera is much more than an awesome business
									directory! It's an active community where real business people
									share the real deal on real businesses.

It's invaluable intel
										that's now available for FREE.



Get the inside scoop with ratings and reviews on Segment Wealth Management LLC
Rate Segment Wealth Management LLC on their
										payment behavior
									
Ask your network about Segment Wealth Management LLC
										with Cortera Circles
									


Join
										the Cortera Community for free today.
								








The information contained in this company profile is compiled from third party sources, including but not limited to public records, user submissions, and other commercially available data sources. These sources may not be accurate, complete, or up-to-date. 
Cortera makes no representations or warranties regarding, and assumes no responsibility for, the accuracy, completeness, or currency of the information contained herein. 
Cortera products are enabled by SOFIE™, our proprietary technology platform for rapid data processing, robust analytics and flexible data access.











© 2017 Cortera, Inc. All rights reserved.

Sitemap





Cortera Support: 866-589-0664 |
How Does it Work? |
Who
					Do We Help? |
Company Profiles |
Community
				|
Media
				|
About






Today's
					Hot Company Profiles

VOLATUS MAXIMUS LLC
VOLUNTEERS OF AMERICA INC
VORA SHAILESH C MD
VUDEN INC
VOGUE
VOLUME REVERSAL SURVEY
VOORHEES ARIZONA TASTE INC
W & B TRUCKING INC
VOGT JAMES B MD
VOLTAIRE

More
							Today's Hot Companies »



Recently
					Updated Companies

CONTORNO INC
GOODY 2 SHOES
JL LOPER CONSTRUCTION
L & L MACHINE TOOL
AIR CONDITIONING SEC
WESTERN SUN SHUTTLE INC
POWERHOUSE INDUSTRIAL SUPPLY INC
CROSS COUNTY BANCSHARES INC
ADVENT I LLC
SPIRES PHILLIP CONSTRUCTION

More
								Recently Updated Companies »



Recently
					Rated Company Profiles

MD THOMAS CONSTRUCTION LLC
GLOBAL MERCHANDISING INC
AZURADISC
STINGER WELDING INC
JR BALL CONTRACTING GROUP INC
PANALPINA INC
SUNSTAR HEATING & AIRE
SLT EXPRESS WAY INC
IDEAL TRUE VALUE INC
LAW OFFICES OF SUSAN M SCHAUF

More
								Recently Rated Companies »



Industry Directory




Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy





 
  
 

 

  
















Segment Wealth Management LLC: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback

























segment wealth management llc
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: Financials
Industry: Asset Management
Sub-Industry: Wealth Management
Segment Wealth Management LLC operates as an investment management firm. The Company offers portfolio management and advisory services to individuals, business entities, pension and profit sharing plans, trusts, estates, and charitable organizations.




Corporate Information
Address:

3040 Post Oak Blvd
Suite 1725
Houston, TX 77056
United States


Phone:
1-713-800-7150


Fax:
1-713-800-7066


Web url:
www.segmentwm.com























From The Web











Key Executives


Gil Baumgarten


President




Gwen C Wilmeth


Chief Compliance Officer







Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data





































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft
















						  Segment Wealth Management Cut Its Exxon Mobil (XOM) Stake; Last Week Vitae Pharmaceuticals (VTAE) Coverage								







 


 
























 


























Stock News
Market News
Trending Stock News
Penny Stock News






Segment Wealth Management Cut Its Exxon Mobil (XOM) Stake; Last Week Vitae Pharmaceuticals (VTAE) Coverage

July 27, 2017 - By Michael Collier

Segment Wealth Management Llc decreased Exxon Mobil Corp (XOM) stake by 4.48% reported in 2016Q4 SEC filing. Segment Wealth Management Llc sold 5,567 shares as Exxon Mobil Corp (XOM)’s stock rose 0.21%. The Segment Wealth Management Llc holds 118,631 shares with $10.71 million value, down from 124,198 last quarter. Exxon Mobil Corp now has $339.28 billion valuation. The stock declined 0.37% or $0.3 reaching $80.07 per share. About 23,169 shares traded. Exxon Mobil Corporation (NYSE:XOM) has declined 9.08% since July 27, 2016 and is downtrending. It has underperformed by 25.78% the S&P500.
Among 5 analysts covering Vitae Pharmaceuticals (NASDAQ:VTAE), 2 have Buy rating, 0 Sell and 3 Hold. Therefore 40% are positive. Vitae Pharmaceuticals had 7 analyst reports since August 8, 2015 according to SRatingsIntel. Wells Fargo downgraded the shares of VTAE in report on Thursday, September 15 to “Market Perform” rating. The firm earned “Outperform” rating on Friday, December 4 by Wells Fargo. BMO Capital Markets initiated it with “Outperform” rating and $15 target in Tuesday, April 12 report. The rating was downgraded by Piper Jaffray to “Neutral” on Wednesday, September 21. The stock of Vitae Pharmaceuticals Inc (NASDAQ:VTAE) has “Market Perform” rating given on Thursday, August 4 by JMP Securities. The rating was upgraded by Stifel Nicolaus on Thursday, March 17 to “Buy”. The rating was upgraded by Zacks to “Sell” on Saturday, August 8. See Vitae Pharmaceuticals Inc (NASDAQ:VTAE) latest ratings:







 It is down 0.00% since July 27, 2016 and is . It has underperformed by 16.70% the S&P500.
Vitae Pharmaceuticals, Inc. is a biotechnology company. The company has market cap of $605.66 million. The Firm is focused on discovering and developing small molecule drugs for diseases. It currently has negative earnings. It is engaged in developing a portfolio of product candidates through Contour, its structure drug discovery platform.
Segment Wealth Management Llc increased Powershares Qqq Trust (QQQ) stake by 9,914 shares to 55,338 valued at $6.56 million in 2016Q4. It also upped Select Sector Spdr Tr (XLF) stake by 52,050 shares and now owns 111,800 shares. Spdr Series Trust (XBI) was raised too. 
Investors sentiment decreased to 0.83 in Q4 2016. Its down 0.04, from 0.87 in 2016Q3. It worsened, as 58 investors sold XOM shares while 851 reduced holdings. 104 funds opened positions while 652 raised stakes. 2.08 billion shares or 2.44% more from 2.03 billion shares in 2016Q3 were reported. Highland Mngmt Lc reported 286,039 shares. Arete Wealth Advsrs Ltd owns 12,625 shares. Hikari invested 1.43% in Exxon Mobil Corporation (NYSE:XOM). Shine Inv Advisory Svcs holds 13,821 shares or 1.03% of its portfolio. 41,182 were reported by Adirondack Tru. Jpmorgan Chase And owns 31.29M shares. Freestone Capital Limited Co has invested 0% in Exxon Mobil Corporation (NYSE:XOM). Aeris Capital Holdings Gmbh stated it has 1.6% of its portfolio in Exxon Mobil Corporation (NYSE:XOM). Live Your Vision Ltd Liability Corp holds 0.36% of its portfolio in Exxon Mobil Corporation (NYSE:XOM) for 9,475 shares. Verus Prtnrs holds 0.48% or 12,245 shares. 33,714 were accumulated by One Cap Mngmt Limited Liability. Northstar Inv Advisors Limited Liability Co reported 138,057 shares. Arbor Invest Advsrs invested 0.33% of its portfolio in Exxon Mobil Corporation (NYSE:XOM). Barry Advisors Lc has 1.86% invested in Exxon Mobil Corporation (NYSE:XOM). Intrust Retail Bank Na reported 40,822 shares stake.
Among 23 analysts covering Exxon Mobil (NYSE:XOM), 9 have Buy rating, 5 Sell and 9 Hold. Therefore 39% are positive. Exxon Mobil had 56 analyst reports since July 22, 2015 according to SRatingsIntel. On Friday, December 2 the stock rating was initiated by BMO Capital Markets with “Market Perform”. As per Friday, June 23, the company rating was maintained by Jefferies. The company was downgraded on Monday, October 31 by Goldman Sachs. The rating was initiated by Credit Agricole with “Outperform” on Tuesday, December 15. Vetr upgraded the shares of XOM in report on Thursday, August 20 to “Buy” rating. The rating was downgraded by Bank of America to “Neutral” on Thursday, June 2. As per Thursday, July 6, the company rating was reinitiated by RBC Capital Markets. The company was maintained on Monday, May 2 by Credit Suisse. The rating was upgraded by Credit Suisse to “Neutral” on Thursday, March 2. On Wednesday, May 18 the stock rating was upgraded by Argus Research to “Buy”.


Receive News & Ratings Via Email - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings with our FREE daily email newsletter.












 




Free Email Newsletter Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for your stocks with our free daily email newsletter:






  Recent Posts 

Veeco Instruments Inc. (VECO) Analysts See $-0.08 EPS; County Bancorp (ICBK) SI Decreased By 5.74%


Aberdeen Asset Management Plc Boosted By $7.26 Million Its Lam Research (LRCX) Position, Pain Therapeutics (PTIE) Has 0.85 Sentiment


Kayne Anderson Capital Advisors LP Has Lifted Viper Energy Partners LP (VNOM) Holding By $3.00 Million; Efc Bancorp Has 1.38 Sentiment


Toronto Dominion Bank Increased Its Brookfield Ppty Ptnrs Lpu (BPY) Stake; Interactive Brokers Group (IBKR) Shorts Lowered By 4.87%


Stieven Capital Advisors LP Decreased By $1.06 Million Its Bancorp Del (TBBK) Stake; Shorts at Iberiabank (IBKC) Lowered By 6.69%


Travelport Worldwide Ltd (TVPT) Analysts See $0.14 EPS; SThree Plc (LON:STHR) Had 4 Bulls


Pitcairn Company Has Increased Its Nvidia (NVDA) Holding, Chemocentryx (CCXI)’s Sentiment Is 2.67


Tremor Video (TRMR) Analysts See $-0.09 EPS, American Asset Management (AAMC) Has 1.14 Sentiment


Segment Wealth Management Cut Its Exxon Mobil (XOM) Stake; Last Week Vitae Pharmaceuticals (VTAE) Coverage


Jpmorgan Chase & Company Has Lifted Its Tuesday Morning (TUES) Holding; Profile of 2 Analysts Covering TC Pipelines, LP (TCP)






© Copyright 2015-2017 Huron Report










Get the Next Big Winner in your inbox Before the Bell

Lists*Consumer Eagle



>



































Segment Wealth Management



















Skip to main content



Salesforce
Atom Align


















FeaturesSolutionsCase StudiesBlog 

          Support
        

          Contact
        





















                    Segment Wealth Management                  








After 26 years with Smith Barney and UBS, Gil Baumgarten founded Segment Wealth Management in 2010. The Houston-based advisor has twice been named to BARRON’S Winner’s Circle List of the top 1000 Wealth Advisors in America, and he’s also appeared on BARRON’S Texas Top 50 list of the Best and Brightest Money Managers in the state.In this testimonial, Gil describes how his work benefits from BlazePortfolio’s ATOM ALIGN trade management technology.  


 

Learn how you can streamline your business with ATOM Align REQUEST A DEMO TODAY



















Segment Wealth Management, LLC | Wealthminder











































Segment Wealth Management, LLC


Segment Wealth Management, LLC
(CRD# 164877) is a financial advisory firm headquartered in
Houston, TX.
They
manage $477,057,636 in 142 accounts and
serve the financial needs of clients across 2 states (or territories).




Current Firm Details



Segment Wealth Management, LLC




3040 Post Oak Blvd., Ste. 1000a,
Houston,
TX
77056
713-800-7150
http://www.segmentwm.com




http://www.segmentwm.com







By the Numbers






Total Assets Under Management

477
MILLION



Total Number of Accounts

142
ACCOUNTS



Average Account Value

$3,359,561







Compensation Options




A percentage of assets under your management
Hourly charges
Fixed fees (other than subscription fees)






Advisory Services Offered




Portfolio management for individuals and/or small businesses
Portfolio management for businesses (other than small businesses) or institutional clients
Pension consulting services
Selection of other advisers (including private fund managers)








Types of Clients










Registered States






Registered Investment Advisor


Advisors affiliated with a RIA are permitted to work with up to five clients in nearly-all states* without explicit registration. The map below shows states where this firm has explicit registration only.




LA, TX






Financial Advisors at Segment Wealth Management, LLC




Showing 1 - 1 of 1 top financial advisors.





1















Gil A. Baumgarten



CRD#:
1373434



3040 Post Oak Blvd., Ste. 1000a,
Houston,
TX
77056




93

Wealthminder
score








Gil Baumgarten (CRD# 1373434) is an Investment Advisor Representative working at
Segment Wealth Management, LLC in Houston, TX and has 
over 32 years
of experience in the finance industry.













Our primary data source is public filings of Form ADV as published by the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) and made available in accordance with the Freedom of Information Act (FOIA). Supplementary information may be provided by listed advisors or their representatives.
Because many firms provide a variety of products or services, an individual may or may not be registered to operate under all services provided by the firm.Do not rely solely on the information on this page. The information may be inaccurate, incomplete or outdated. For the most accurate and up-to-date information, please search for the firm or individual on the SEC site at
http://www.adviserinfo.sec.gov/IAPD/Content/Search/iapd_Search.aspx







Ready to hire a financial advisor?

Get competitive proposals from multiple advisors.

















Request Proposals























Timeout!



You have been idle and will be logged out in

seconds.


Stay Logged In
Log Out Now

















MarketBeat | Real-Time Financial News and Analysis









































































































Look up analyst ratings, dividends, earnings, headlines and insider trades for any stock.



SEARCH 

Trending Companies:   CA AMD MU AAPL TSLA NVDA SNAP 






Find Investment Ideas

Receive the latest research from Wall Street analysts in your inbox daily.
View analyst ratings, dividend information, earnings estimates and history, insider trades and headlines for any publicly traded company.
Screen stocks by fundamentals, dividend, earnings, insider trades, ratings and more.
Get our list of top-rated stocks that analysts can't stop recommending.





Monitor Your Portfolio

Monitor what's happening with your companies in real time.
See what top Wall Street analysts are saying about your stocks.
Identify when insiders are buying and selling your stocks.
Receive SMS and email alerts for stocks on your watchlist(s).
Track your portfolio's performance and investment characteristics.





Get Comprehensive Coverage

MarketBeat tracks 200,000 analyst ratings changes, 12,000 dividend declarations, 15,000 earnings announcements and 55,000 insider trades every year. 
10,500 news headlines are indexed and tagged by MarketBeat every day.
Get comprehensive, accurate and up-to-the-minute financial news and data with MarketBeat.







Which MarketBeat is right for you?

MarketBeat Daily Ratings

Receive analysts' upgrades, downgrades and new coverage in your inbox daily.
Get personalized news and ratings for up to two stocks on your watchlist.
Receive a run down of the top market-moving headlines each day.
Access all of MarketBeat's real-time market calendars.
Delivered at 1:00 PM E.T.
Free

Learn More


MarketBeat Daily Premium

Receive analyst ratings, earnings and dividend announcements, headlines and insider trades in your inbox daily.
Get personalized news, ratings and more for stocks on your watchlist(s).
Monitor your investment portfolio using My MarketBeat.
Receive SMS and email alerts for stocks on your watchlist(s).
Delivered at 9:00 AM E.T.
$15.97 / month

Learn More


MarketBeat All Access      

Includes MarketBeat Daily Premium.
Access our suite of web-based research tools and stock screeners.
View our real-time news feed of headlines, ratings, earnings, dividends and insider trades.
Get access to our full database of more than 500,000 stock ratings.
Receive proprietary research reports.
Delivered at 8:50 AM E.T.
$34.97 / month

Learn More


Not sure which product is right for you? Compare Products ►






































NCR (NASDAQ:NCR CORP) Stock Price, News & Analysis | MarketBeat






















    























































































NCR Company Profile (NASDAQ:NCR CORP)



  






Company Profile



Analyst Ratings



Earnings History



Earnings Estimates



Dividend History



Insider Trade



Headlines



Social Media



Chart






About NCR (NASDAQ:NCR CORP)
NCR Corporation is a provider of Omni-channel technology solutions that enable businesses connect, interact and transact with their customers. The Company operates through three segments: Software, Services and Hardware. It sells a portfolio of hardware, software and services that combine to provide businesses with solutions. Its portfolio of self-service and assisted-service solutions are designed to allow businesses in the financial services, retail, hospitality, travel and telecommunications and technology industries to deliver an experience to consumers across physical and digital commerce channels. Its offerings include automated teller machines, point of sale terminals and devices, self-service kiosks, Omni-channel platform software and other software applications, and a suite of consulting, implementation, maintenance and managed services. It provides solutions for a range of industries, such as financial services, hospitality, travel and telecommunications, and technology. 


Industry, Sector and Symbol:

Sector: Technology
Industry: IT Services & Consulting - NEC
Sub-Industry: N/A
Symbol: NASDAQ:NCR CORP
CUSIP: N/A
Web: www.ncr.com/

Average Prices:50 Day Moving Avg: $40.31200 Day Moving Avg: $42.71


P/E:Trailing P/E Ratio: 24.12P/E Growth: 0.78Dividend:Dividend Yield: 1.0%


Profitability:Net Margins: 6.09%Return on Equity: 58.18%Return on Assets: 5.02%

 

Frequently Asked Questions for NCR (NASDAQ:NCR CORP)
What is NCR's stock symbol?

NCR trades on the NASDAQ under the ticker symbol "NCR CORP."



Who are some of NCR's key competitors?

 Some companies that are related to NCR include Accenture PLC (ACN), Automatic Data Processing (ADP), Cognizant Technology Solutions Corporation (CTSH), NetEase (NTES), Vmware (VMW), Infosys Limited (INFY), Wipro Limited (WIT), CGI Group (GIB), Palo Alto Networks (PANW), Total System Services (TSS), Gartner (IT), VeriSign (VRSN), CDW Corporation (CDW), Amdocs Limited (DOX), F5 Networks (FFIV), Jack Henry & Associates (JKHY), Akamai Technologies (AKAM) and Fortinet (FTNT).



Who are NCR's key executives?

NCR's management team includes the folowing people: William R. Nuti, Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive OfficerMark D. Benjamin, President, Chief Operating OfficerRobert P. Fishman, Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice PresidentAndrea L. Ledford, Chief Human Resource Officer, Executive Vice President, Chief Administrative OfficerMichael B. Bayer, Executive Vice President - Global SalesJ. Robert Ciminera, Executive Vice President - Hardware Product OperationsPaul E Langenbahn, Executive Vice President - Global SoftwareFrederick J. Marquardt, Executive Vice President - Global ServicesEdward Ray Gallagher, Senior Vice President, General Counsel, SecretaryChinh E. Chu, Lead Independent Director



How do I buy NCR stock? 

Shares of NCR can be purchased through any online brokerage account. Popular online brokerages include Vanguard Brokerage Services, TD Ameritrade, E*TRADE, Scottrade, Fidelity and Charles Schwab. 


MarketBeat Community Rating for NCR (NASDAQ NCR CORP)Community Ranking:  2.5 out of 5 (  )Outperform Votes:  35 (Vote Outperform)Underperform Votes:  35 (Vote Underperform)Total Votes:  70MarketBeat's community ratings are surveys of what our community members think about NCR and other stocks. Vote "Outperform" if you believe the stock will outperform the S&P 500 over the long term. Vote "Underperform" if you believe the stock will underperform the S&P 500 over the long term. You may vote once every thirty days.


Analyst Ratings
Consensus Ratings for NCR (NASDAQ:NCR CORP) (How are Consensus Ratings Calculated?) MarketBeat calculates consensus ratings using the most recent rating from each brokerage that has rated a stock within the last twelve months. Since brokers often use different ratings systems, each rating is normalized to a standardized rating score of 1 (sell), 2 (hold), 3 (buy) or 4 (strong buy). Consensus ratings scores are calculated using the mean average of the number of normalized sell, hold, buy and strong buy ratings. Each stock's consensus rating is derived from its calculated consensus ratings score (0-1.5 = Sell, 1.5-2.5 = Hold, 2.5-3.5 = Buy, >3.5 = Strong Buy). MarketBeat's consensus price targets are a mean average of the most recent available price targets set by each analyst that has set a price target for the stock in the last twelve months.MarketBeat will no longer include ratings and price target data in its consensus calculation if a broker drops coverage and MarketBeat has received a report that coverage was dropped. Ratings from certain research firms that issue ratings using purely quantitative methods (such as Zacks, Vetr and ValuEngine) are not included in consensus calculations. MarketBeat's consensus ratings and consensus price targets may differ from those calculated by other firms due to differences in methodology and available data.Ratings Breakdown: No ratings tracked in the last 12 months.Consensus Rating:N/A (Score: NaN)Consensus Price Target: N/A

Analysts' Ratings History for NCR (NASDAQ:NCR CORP)

Show:  
Only the Most Recent Rating From Each Brokerage
All Ratings For This Stock


                    No equities research coverage for this company has been tracked by MarketBeat.com


Earnings
Earnings History for NCR (NASDAQ:NCR CORP)No earnings announcements for this company have been tracked by MarketBeat.com


Estimates
Earnings Estimates for NCR (NASDAQ:NCR CORP)No earnings estimates for this company have been tracked by MarketBeat.com


Dividends
Dividend History for NCR (NASDAQ:NCR CORP)No dividend announcements for this company have been tracked by MarketBeat.com


Insider Trades
Insider Trading History for NCR (NASDAQ:NCR CORP)No insider trades for this company have been tracked by MarketBeat.com


Headlines
Headline Trends for NCR (NASDAQ:NCR CORP)


Latest Headlines for NCR (NASDAQ:NCR CORP)


Source:


All Sources
Trusted Sources
MarketBeat.com
Bloomberg
MarketWatch
Motley Fool
NASDAQ
Reuters
Seeking Alpha
The Street
The Wall Street Journal
Yahoo Finance




DateHeadlineNCR Corp (NCR) Q2 Earnings Top & Revenues Miss,'17 View Samewww.nasdaq.com - July 22 at 6:50 AMNCR Breaks Above 200-Day Moving Average - Bullish for NCRwww.nasdaq.com - July 12 at 6:17 AM


Social





Chart
NCR (NCR CORP) Chart for Friday, July, 28, 2017




This page was last updated on 7/28/2017 by MarketBeat.com Staff












































