






Business Directories by State
































Locations

            Top States:

                Florida
- (7,668,568 Businesses)
California
- (7,998,712 Businesses)
Texas
- (4,844,132 Businesses)
New York
- (4,451,440 Businesses)
Pennsylvania
- (1,273,348 Businesses)

Advertisements









States












                                                        Alabama
                                                    




                                                        424,733 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        529,179 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Alaska
                                                    




                                                        90,124 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        119,266 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Arizona
                                                    




                                                        757,578 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        800,057 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Arkansas
                                                    




                                                        263,265 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        325,845 People Found
                                                    










                                                        California
                                                    




                                                        7,998,712 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        7,373,829 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Colorado
                                                    




                                                        810,965 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        814,457 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Connecticut
                                                    




                                                        468,529 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        572,170 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Delaware
                                                    




                                                        132,203 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        114,760 People Found
                                                    










                                                        District Of Columbia
                                                    




                                                        101,098 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        225,569 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Florida
                                                    




                                                        7,668,568 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        10,379,305 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Georgia
                                                    




                                                        1,255,913 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        1,396,340 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Hawaii
                                                    




                                                        129,778 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        152,776 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Idaho
                                                    




                                                        172,946 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        201,511 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Illinois
                                                    




                                                        1,181,777 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        1,483,851 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Indiana
                                                    




                                                        578,336 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        719,895 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Iowa
                                                    




                                                        329,478 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        460,060 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Kansas
                                                    




                                                        282,167 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        348,203 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Kentucky
                                                    




                                                        405,364 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        504,609 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Louisiana
                                                    




                                                        633,706 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        615,570 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Maine
                                                    




                                                        130,772 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        174,828 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Maryland
                                                    




                                                        674,762 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        710,573 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Massachusetts
                                                    




                                                        726,391 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        1,027,525 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Michigan
                                                    




                                                        934,309 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        1,131,011 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Minnesota
                                                    




                                                        592,079 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        758,211 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Mississippi
                                                    




                                                        261,251 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        322,667 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Missouri
                                                    




                                                        597,997 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        706,323 People Found
                                                    














                                                        Montana
                                                    




                                                        130,347 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        158,428 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Nebraska
                                                    




                                                        191,594 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        279,673 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Nevada
                                                    




                                                        1,037,013 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        1,194,143 People Found
                                                    










                                                        New Hampshire
                                                    




                                                        154,616 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        193,717 People Found
                                                    










                                                        New Jersey
                                                    




                                                        974,361 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        1,091,903 People Found
                                                    










                                                        New Mexico
                                                    




                                                        178,355 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        231,696 People Found
                                                    










                                                        New York
                                                    




                                                        4,451,440 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        2,890,350 People Found
                                                    










                                                        North Carolina
                                                    




                                                        989,346 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        1,123,727 People Found
                                                    










                                                        North Dakota
                                                    




                                                        81,418 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        101,993 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Ohio
                                                    




                                                        1,062,590 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        1,335,494 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Oklahoma
                                                    




                                                        379,566 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        422,307 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Oregon
                                                    




                                                        510,731 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        621,776 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Pennsylvania
                                                    




                                                        1,273,348 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        1,546,222 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Puerto Rico
                                                    




                                                        55,527 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        60,845 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Rhode Island
                                                    




                                                        111,772 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        132,878 People Found
                                                    










                                                        South Carolina
                                                    




                                                        406,911 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        483,894 People Found
                                                    










                                                        South Dakota
                                                    




                                                        92,785 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        126,265 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Tennessee
                                                    




                                                        620,250 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        751,954 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Texas
                                                    




                                                        4,844,132 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        5,747,634 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Utah
                                                    




                                                        363,011 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        377,419 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Vermont
                                                    




                                                        81,906 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        106,956 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Virginia
                                                    




                                                        911,909 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        1,016,492 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Washington
                                                    




                                                        830,493 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        864,074 People Found
                                                    










                                                        West Virginia
                                                    




                                                        136,960 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        185,319 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Wisconsin
                                                    




                                                        486,944 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        707,971 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Wyoming
                                                    




                                                        77,247 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        90,781 People Found
                                                    













                Company Directory:
            
            Browse directory by company name:
            
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
(more)







People Directory: 

            Names starting with letters:

            
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
















You must be signed in to print.
Once signed in, look for the PDF button.













Verify real user


























Verify real user













Verify real user


























Verify real user













Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Seidler Kutsenda Management Co LLC: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback

























seidler kutsenda management co llc
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: Financials
Industry: Asset Management
Sub-Industry: Investment Management
Seidler Kutsenda Management Company, LLC operates as an investment management firm. The Company offers portfolio management, investment strategies, financial planning, and consulting services. Seidler Kutsenda Management serves clients in the United States.




Corporate Information
Address:

4640 Admiralty Way
Suite 1200
Marina Del Rey, CA 90292
United States


Phone:
1-213-683-4622


Fax:
1-213-624-0691


Web url:
www.sepfunds.com























From The Web











Key Executives


Jonelle Sheri Jue


CFO/Chief Compliance Officer




Michael J Fairclough


Chief Legal Officer







Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data















































Bing Places for Business
























































































































Bing
 places for business


Sign in using your




Microsoft Account





Work Account





Google Account





Facebook Account

Don't have an account? Create one.




Seidler Kutsenda Management Co LLC 4640 Admiralty Way Marina Del Rey, CA Management Services - MapQuest







































































































    Seidler Kutsenda Management Co LLC
  

4640 Admiralty Way

Marina Del Rey
CA
90292




 Reviews



(310) 822-5821
Website

        Menu & Reservations
      



            Make Reservations 




            Order Online
          

            Tickets
          




          Tickets
        


        See Availability
      





      Nearby
    


      Directions
    


    {{::location.tagLine.value.text}}
  



Sponsored Topics








































See a problem?
Let us know!






















Legal






Help
























Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft




























Overview | About Us | Seidler Equity Partners









































 (213) 683-4622 Contact Us

True partnership. Shared vision. Long-term success.












HomeAbout UsTeamTeam OverviewPartner CompaniesPartner Companies OverviewHow We HelpTestimonialsRaegan Moya-JonesSteve KingToby BuckAshley EdensRich GalganoChad WilliamsTransaction Process











About Us 
















What Makes Us Different? 
We think about your business the same way you do – as a true partner, not just a capital provider.














Flexible Partnership Approach  




We are a relationship-driven firm that strives to genuinely understand our partners' short and long-term professional and personal financial objectives. Because those objectives can vary greatly, we emphasize flexibility in developing the right transaction to fit each situation. Over the past 20+ years, we have invested in both minority and majority positions and employed a variety of customized deal structures to achieve our partners’ goals. 






Patient Investment Horizon 




We invest in growing businesses where we can work collaboratively with our partners to increase a company’s value over time. We believe success is most likely to be achieved by implementing a thoughtful plan for smart growth, not a risky scheme in search of a quick buck. As a result, we have established stable and thriving partnerships, some of which have spanned more than a decade. 






Conservative Capital Structure 




We believe the optimal use of cash for most growing companies is to fund expansion, not service a heavy debt load. We seek to generate investment returns by applying sound business principles and executing insightful growth strategies, rather than using maximum leverage. 






Experienced, Valuable Partner 




We help our partner companies achieve their full potential by harnessingthe extensive resources of our professional team. We apply decades of strategic, operational and organizational experience primarily as board-level and project-focused partners, leaving day-to-day decisions in the hands of management. In addition, our network of trusted service providers, industry experts, financial institutions, and acquisition support professionals are valuable assets for executives determined to build and maintain the best business in their industry. 






Shared Incentive Mentality 




We know every dollar a business earns is the result of a team effort. Consequently, we don’t impose costly fees or other arbitrary external requirements on our partner companies. Instead, we work shoulder-to-shoulder with them to closely align incentives and maximize value for all stakeholders. 


 




























 © 2003      Seidler Equity Partners. Website by emago.com



Contact UsTerms & ConditionsPrivacy PolicySitemap



























Seidler Kutsenda Mgmt Co LLC                                                                                             - Marina Del Rey                                    , CA         - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



CA



Marina Del Rey



Management Services



Management Services



                            Seidler Kutsenda Mgmt Co LLC
                                    



 





















S 


Seidler Kutsenda Mgmt Co LLC                                                                                            
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



4640 ADMIRALTY WAY # 1101 MARINA DEL REY, CA 90292
Get Directions



(213) 683-4592
www.sepfunds.com                                                                                        





Business Info



 Founded 2009
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $509,259.00
 Employee Count 5
 Industries Management Services
 Contacts Peter Seidler                                                                                                           







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Seidler Kutsenda Mgmt Co Llc                                                                                             was founded in 2009. Seidler Kutsenda Mgmt Co Llc                                                                                             specializes in Management Services. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







S

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.

































Raegan Moya-Jones | Testimonials | Seidler Equity Partners

















































 (213) 683-4622 Contact Us

True partnership. Shared vision. Long-term success.












HomeAbout UsTeamTeam OverviewPartner CompaniesPartner Companies OverviewHow We HelpTestimonialsRaegan Moya-JonesSteve KingToby BuckAshley EdensRich GalganoChad WilliamsTransaction Process











Testimonials 
















  

   

  Print  


Raegan Moya-Jones
Co-Founder and CEO, Aden & Anais
"I was introduced to the Seidler team just four years after I co-founded aden + anais. The business was in rapid growth mode. We knew in our gut that with access to additional capital and the resources of a firm that had “been there before” with growing companies, the sky was the limit for aden + anais.
Since partnering with Seidler, we have become a truly global business with distribution in more than 60 countries and direct operations in North America, Europe, Asia and Australia. Most importantly, we have been able to maintain our entrepreneurial culture, which is a big part of our success.
There is no question that our partnership with Seidler has been a critical factor in our success. Their experience, steady guidance and desire to support our management team helped us achieve our goals faster than we could have done on our own. The fact that they didn’t encumber me with the usual handcuffs that often come from well-meaning financial partners was quite simply a CEO’s dream."
 






"There is no question that our partnership with Seidler has been a critical factor in our success. Their experience, steady guidance and desire to support our management team helped us achieve our goals faster than we could have done on our own..."

Read More



					Raegan Moya-Jones				

					Co-Founder and CEO, Aden & Anais				






"We have had a successful, collaborative partnership since 2006. The Seidler team helped us identify and close three highly accretive acquisitions. ..."

Read More



					Rich Galgano				

					CEO, Windy City Wire				






"Seidler’s involvement was critical in accelerating Harmar’s growth trajectory and helping me achieve my personal and professional goals. They were exactly the partner that I needed. ..."

Read More


					Chad Williams				

					CEO, Harmar Mobility				






"Seidler understands what it means to be a true partner. From the outset of our relationship through our eventual exit together, their team exhibited the highest levels of integrity and, frankly, made our company better. ..."

Read More



					Steve King Sr.				

					CEO, Tomah Holdings				






"It isn’t often that you meet a firm with a 20+ year track record of partnering exclusively with owner-operators. Seidler’s roots as a family office, conservative approach to debt and openness to being a minority shareholder were unique in my experience. ..."

Read More



					Ashley Edens				

					CEO, Sunny Sky Products				






"Seidler invested the time to understand my situation and shared my vision for what Paragon could become. ..."

Read More



					Toby Buck				

					Chairman and CEO, Paragon Medical				







1



























 © 2003      Seidler Equity Partners. Website by emago.com



Contact UsTerms & ConditionsPrivacy PolicySitemap




























Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











Seidler Kutsenda Management Company, LLC | Wealthminder











































Seidler Kutsenda Management Company, LLC


Seidler Kutsenda Management Company, LLC
(CRD# 156909) is a financial advisory firm headquartered in
Marina Del Rey, CA.
They
manage $1,526,000,000 in 8 accounts and
serve the financial needs of clients across 1 states (or territories).




Current Firm Details



Seidler Kutsenda Management Company, LLC




4640 Admiralty Way, Suite 1200,
Marina Del Rey,
CA
90292
213-683-4622
http://www.sepfunds.com




http://www.sepfunds.com







By the Numbers






Total Assets Under Management

1,526
MILLION



Total Number of Accounts

8
ACCOUNTS



Average Account Value

$190,750,000







Compensation Options




A percentage of assets under your management
Performance-based fees






Advisory Services Offered




Portfolio management for pooled investment vehicles (other than investment companies)








Types of Clients










Registered States






Registered Investment Advisor


Advisors affiliated with a RIA are permitted to work with up to five clients in nearly-all states* without explicit registration. The map below shows states where this firm has explicit registration only.




CA






Financial Advisors at Seidler Kutsenda Management Company, LLC








No Advisor Found.








Our primary data source is public filings of Form ADV as published by the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) and made available in accordance with the Freedom of Information Act (FOIA). Supplementary information may be provided by listed advisors or their representatives.
Because many firms provide a variety of products or services, an individual may or may not be registered to operate under all services provided by the firm.Do not rely solely on the information on this page. The information may be inaccurate, incomplete or outdated. For the most accurate and up-to-date information, please search for the firm or individual on the SEC site at
http://www.adviserinfo.sec.gov/IAPD/Content/Search/iapd_Search.aspx







Ready to hire a financial advisor?

Get competitive proposals from multiple advisors.

















Request Proposals























Timeout!



You have been idle and will be logged out in

seconds.


Stay Logged In
Log Out Now

































Intro | Testimonials | Seidler Equity Partners

















































 (213) 683-4622 Contact Us

True partnership. Shared vision. Long-term success.












HomeAbout UsTeamTeam OverviewPartner CompaniesPartner Companies OverviewHow We HelpTestimonialsRaegan Moya-JonesSteve KingToby BuckAshley EdensRich GalganoChad WilliamsTransaction Process











Testimonials 
























"There is no question that our partnership with Seidler has been a critical factor in our success. Their experience, steady guidance and desire to support our management team helped us achieve our goals faster than we could have done on our own..."

Read More



					Raegan Moya-Jones				

					Co-Founder and CEO, Aden & Anais				






"We have had a successful, collaborative partnership since 2006. The Seidler team helped us identify and close three highly accretive acquisitions. ..."

Read More



					Rich Galgano				

					CEO, Windy City Wire				






"Seidler’s involvement was critical in accelerating Harmar’s growth trajectory and helping me achieve my personal and professional goals. They were exactly the partner that I needed. ..."

Read More


					Chad Williams				

					CEO, Harmar Mobility				






"Seidler understands what it means to be a true partner. From the outset of our relationship through our eventual exit together, their team exhibited the highest levels of integrity and, frankly, made our company better. ..."

Read More



					Steve King Sr.				

					CEO, Tomah Holdings				






"It isn’t often that you meet a firm with a 20+ year track record of partnering exclusively with owner-operators. Seidler’s roots as a family office, conservative approach to debt and openness to being a minority shareholder were unique in my experience. ..."

Read More



					Ashley Edens				

					CEO, Sunny Sky Products				






"Seidler invested the time to understand my situation and shared my vision for what Paragon could become. ..."

Read More



					Toby Buck				

					Chairman and CEO, Paragon Medical				







1


























 © 2003      Seidler Equity Partners. Website by emago.com



Contact UsTerms & ConditionsPrivacy PolicySitemap












































Seidler Equity Partners | Home























































 (213) 683-4622 Contact Us

True partnership. Shared vision. Long-term success.












HomeAbout UsTeamTeam OverviewPartner CompaniesPartner Companies OverviewHow We HelpTestimonialsRaegan Moya-JonesSteve KingToby BuckAshley EdensRich GalganoChad WilliamsTransaction Process











 





We provide you with resources beyond just  capital, serving as a  value-added partner to  help your business achieve its full potential.
		







We take pride in delivering on our handshakes to complete a streamlined investment process so you can stay focused on your business.
		







We listen carefully to your business needs, understand your transaction objectives and provide flexible and creative solutions to achieve your goals.
		


 


















Seidler Equity Partners is a private investment firm that partners with company owners and management teams to help them achieve their strategic vision to expand their businesses.
Our tradition of thoughtful, flexible capital solutions began with our origin as a family office in the early 1990’s. We have since grown to become an internationally recognized investment firm with more than $1 billion in capital under management, a deep team of talented professionals, and a wealth of experience from successfully partnering with exceptional companies across a wide variety of industries.
We specialize in transactions traditional investment firms are not well-equipped to complete: purchasing minority equity positions, using little or no debt, and providing an extended investment horizon. Uniting your management team with a strong balance sheet and a trusted, effective business partner offers the greatest value creation potential for your business.
We are actively looking for opportunities to share our team’s experience and resources with company owners who are passionate about their culture and are dedicated to growing revenue, expanding product and service offerings, and maximizing value.
 






"There is no question that our partnership with Seidler has been a critical factor in our success. Their experience, steady guidance and desire to support our management team helped us achieve our goals faster than we could have done on our own..."

Read More



					Raegan Moya-Jones				

					Co-Founder and CEO, Aden & Anais				







1
2
3
4
5
6
































 © 2003      Seidler Equity Partners. Website by emago.com



Contact UsTerms & ConditionsPrivacy PolicySitemap












































Seidler Equity Partners | Home























































 (213) 683-4622 Contact Us

True partnership. Shared vision. Long-term success.












HomeAbout UsTeamTeam OverviewPartner CompaniesPartner Companies OverviewHow We HelpTestimonialsRaegan Moya-JonesSteve KingToby BuckAshley EdensRich GalganoChad WilliamsTransaction Process











 





We provide you with resources beyond just  capital, serving as a  value-added partner to  help your business achieve its full potential.
		







We take pride in delivering on our handshakes to complete a streamlined investment process so you can stay focused on your business.
		







We listen carefully to your business needs, understand your transaction objectives and provide flexible and creative solutions to achieve your goals.
		


 


















Seidler Equity Partners is a private investment firm that partners with company owners and management teams to help them achieve their strategic vision to expand their businesses.
Our tradition of thoughtful, flexible capital solutions began with our origin as a family office in the early 1990’s. We have since grown to become an internationally recognized investment firm with more than $1 billion in capital under management, a deep team of talented professionals, and a wealth of experience from successfully partnering with exceptional companies across a wide variety of industries.
We specialize in transactions traditional investment firms are not well-equipped to complete: purchasing minority equity positions, using little or no debt, and providing an extended investment horizon. Uniting your management team with a strong balance sheet and a trusted, effective business partner offers the greatest value creation potential for your business.
We are actively looking for opportunities to share our team’s experience and resources with company owners who are passionate about their culture and are dedicated to growing revenue, expanding product and service offerings, and maximizing value.
 






"There is no question that our partnership with Seidler has been a critical factor in our success. Their experience, steady guidance and desire to support our management team helped us achieve our goals faster than we could have done on our own..."

Read More



					Raegan Moya-Jones				

					Co-Founder and CEO, Aden & Anais				







1
2
3
4
5
6
































 © 2003      Seidler Equity Partners. Website by emago.com



Contact UsTerms & ConditionsPrivacy PolicySitemap












































Intro | Team | Seidler Equity Partners



















































 (213) 683-4622 Contact Us

True partnership. Shared vision. Long-term success.












HomeAbout UsTeamTeam OverviewPartner CompaniesPartner Companies OverviewHow We HelpTestimonialsRaegan Moya-JonesSteve KingToby BuckAshley EdensRich GalganoChad WilliamsTransaction Process











Team 
















» Printer-Friendly Overview Page





The Seidler Equity Partners team is comprised of experienced professionals with diverse and complementary skill sets in business strategy, operational tactics, organization development, financial analysis, legal and risk management, and acquisition support. 










Peter Seidler

Partner
Founder
B.S. University of Virginia; MBA University of California at Los Angeles

» Read More...












Robert Seidler

Partner
Founder
B.A. Georgetown; MBA University of California at Los Angeles

» Read More...












Eric Kutsenda

Partner
Founder
B.S. University of Illinois; M.S. in Taxation from DePaul University

» Read More...












Christopher Eastland

Partner
Joined SEP in 2004
B.S. University of Southern California; J.D. University of Southern California

» Read More...












Troy Smildzins

Partner
Joined SEP in 2003
B.S. University of Southern California; MBA University of California at Los Angeles

» Read More...












Leonard Lee

Partner
Joined SEP in 2005
B.S. University of Southern California; MBA Columbia Business School

» Read More...












Tobin Ryan

Partner
Joined SEP in 2009
B.A. University of Notre Dame; MBA Harvard University

» Read More...












Matt Seidler

Partner
Joined SEP in 2009
B.A. University of Notre Dame

» Read More...












Dave Reed

Director
Joined SEP in 2007
B.A. Pepperdine University

» Read More...












Nico Cifarelli

Director
Joined SEP in 2007
B.A. California State Polytechnic University

» Read More...












Jeremy Hutchings

Director
Joined SEP in 2009
B.A. University of Utah

» Read More...












Voltaire Valdellon

Associate
Joined SEP in 2017
B.S. University of California, Riverside

» Read More...












Jonelle Jue

CFO and CCO
Joined SEP in 2007
B.A. University of Washington; M.S. in Taxation from Golden Gate University

» Read More...












Tristan Burns

Controller
Joined SEP in 2015
B.A. University of San Diego

» Read More...












Tom Denot

Principal
Joined SEP in 2010
B.A. University of California at Berkeley; MBA University of California at Los Angeles

» Read More...












Scott Yingling

Vice President
Joined SEP in 2013
B.A. Claremont McKenna College

» Read More...












Eric O’Brien

Vice President
Joined SEP in 2015
B.B.A. The College of William & Mary;  MBA The College of William & Mary

» Read More...












Saral Jalan

Associate
Joined SEP in 2017
B.S. University of Southern California

» Read More...












Michael Fairclough

General Counsel
Joined SEP in 2005
J.D. University of Utah

» Read More...












Christmas Abellanosa

Administrative Director
Joined SEP in 1999
B.S. University of the Philippines

» Read More...












Noelle Candelario

Administrative Assistant
Joined SEP in 2008

» Read More...




























 © 2003      Seidler Equity Partners. Website by emago.com



Contact UsTerms & ConditionsPrivacy PolicySitemap












































Contact Us | Contact | Seidler Equity Partners










































 (213) 683-4622 Contact Us

True partnership. Shared vision. Long-term success.












HomeAbout UsTeamTeam OverviewPartner CompaniesPartner Companies OverviewHow We HelpTestimonialsRaegan Moya-JonesSteve KingToby BuckAshley EdensRich GalganoChad WilliamsTransaction Process




























   

  Print  




Contact Info
We encourage inquiries about working with Seidler Equity Partners directly from business owners and executives, as well as from intermediaries, attorneys, accountants and other professionals. All discussions will be maintained in strict confidence.




Address

Seidler Equity Partners
4640 Admiralty Way, Suite 1200
Marina del Rey, CA 90292



Phone

(213) 683-4622





Email

For general inquiries:
This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.



Fax

(213) 624-0691


























 © 2003      Seidler Equity Partners. Website by emago.com



Contact UsTerms & ConditionsPrivacy PolicySitemap












































Terms & Conditions | Home | Seidler Equity Partners










































 (213) 683-4622 Contact Us

True partnership. Shared vision. Long-term success.












HomeAbout UsTeamTeam OverviewPartner CompaniesPartner Companies OverviewHow We HelpTestimonialsRaegan Moya-JonesSteve KingToby BuckAshley EdensRich GalganoChad WilliamsTransaction Process











Terms & Conditions



HomeTerms & Conditions


















   

  Print  



Welcome to the website of Seidler Equity Partners L.P., Seidler Equity
  Partners II, L.P., Seidler Equity Partners III, L.P., Seidler Kutsenda
  Management Company LLC, and their respective affiliates (collectively, “Seidler
  Equity Partners,” “we” or “us”).  Your
  use of this website makes these Terms and Conditions a binding agreement
  between you and us.  If you do not accept these Terms and Conditions,
  you should not use this website. 
We reserve the right to revise these Terms and Conditions without
  notice.  Any such revision will be effective when posted on this
  website.  Your continued use of this website after any such posting
  will signify your binding agreement with the revised Terms and Conditions.
No Offer of Securities
This website provides information about us and various companies in which
        we have invested.  It is not intended for prospective investors
        in existing or future investment funds we sponsor.  Consequently,
        this website does not constitute an offer to sell, or a solicitation
        of an offer to buy, any securities or other financial instruments, or
        an offer to provide financial, investment or other advice.  In addition,
        the information on this website is not intended to be distributed to,
        or used by, any person in a jurisdiction or under circumstances where
        such distribution or use would subject us to registration, qualification
        or similar requirements or otherwise violate local laws.
Performance Information
This website may contain information about the status and performance of
  various companies and our investments in them.  This information is
  subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause the actual status or
  performance of an investment or company to differ materially from that described
  on this website.  We caution users of this website not to place undue
  reliance on this information. 
Intellectual Property
All text, graphics, multimedia content or other material available from the
  entry point URL of this website and pages within that domain, as well as all
  related code, images, text, graphics, photos, logos, icons, layouts, arrangements,
  displays, illustrations, audio and video clips, HTML, other mark-up languages,
  and all scripts and software within this website (collectively, the “Material(s)”)
  are our property or the property of our licensors and are protected by copyright
  and other proprietary intellectual property rights.  In order to facilitate
  your consideration of a potential business relationship or transaction with
  us, you can download one copy of the Materials on any single computer, provided
  that you keep intact any copyright and other proprietary notices on the Materials
  and do not modify the Materials in any way.  Otherwise, Materials from
  this website must not be copied, reproduced, republished, uploaded, posted,
  transmitted, distributed, modified, transferred, sold, displayed, used to create
  derivative materials, or in any way exploited or used for any other purpose,
  whether or not commercial in nature.  Your modification of the Materials,
  or use of the Materials for any other purpose or in any medium, will violate
  not only these Terms and Conditions but also applicable copyright and/or other
  proprietary rights.
  
  Trademarks
The names “Seidler Equity Partners,” and “SEP,” and
  the associated logos, as well as the names and logos of our affiliated entities,
  are our service marks and trademarks (the “SEP Marks”).  All
  other trademarks, service marks and logos used on this website, with or without
  attribution, belong to their respective owners.
  
  Linking to Other Sites and Transactions on Other Sites
This website contains links to other sites (“Linked Sites”),
  including those sponsored by certain companies in which we have invested.  We
  provide these links for convenience only.  You acknowledge that we have
  no responsibility or liability of any kind with respect to the content of
  the Linked Sites, any transactions you conduct with the sponsors of those
  sites, or any disputes you may have with those sponsors.  These Terms
  and Conditions apply only to this website, and not to the Linked Sites, which
  have their own terms and conditions of use.
Spam
You agree that you will not use any SEP Marks or our URL, server or other
  materials in connection with, or to transmit, any unsolicited communications
  or “spam,” as that term is generally understood among Internet
  users. 
No Warranties
We do not make, and disclaim to the full extent permitted by applicable
  law, any express or implied warranties or representations of any kind, and
  we do not assume any liability of any kind, with respect to the content,
  accuracy, performance or integrity of this website, or the results of the
  use of the services discussed on this website.  Users of this website
  assume total responsibility and risk for their use of this website and any
  site-related services.  
Limitation of Liability
Under no circumstances will we or any person or entity associated with us,
  be responsible or liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, consequential,
  special, exemplary, punitive or other damages arising out of or relating
  in any way to this website, including: the services described on this website;
  your use of (or inability to use) this website; any errors, defects or omissions
  in this website; any delays or interruptions in operation; or any virus,
  line failure or other computer malfunction associated with this website.
  Your sole remedy for dissatisfaction with this website and/or site-related
  services is to stop using this website and/or those services. 
Indemnity
You agree to indemnify and hold us and our officers, directors, agents,
  partners, members, sponsors and employees harmless from any claim or demand,
  including reasonable attorneys’ fees, made by any third party due to
  or arising out of content you submit, post to or transmit to this website,
  your use of this website, your connection to this website, your violation
  of these Terms and Conditions, or your violation of any rights of another
  party.
Modification or Termination of this Website 
We reserve the right to withdraw, suspend or terminate at any time and without
  notice any or all content, services, functionality and features of this website. 
Limited Distribution and Territorial Considerations 
We control and operate this website from our offices in California.  We
  make no representation that the content of this website, or any site-related
  services, are appropriate or available for other locations.  Those who
  choose to access this website from other locations do so on their own initiative
  and are responsible for compliance with any applicable local laws.  By
  making this website available, we are not availing ourselves of the privilege
  of doing business in any state other than California.
Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
Internal California law will govern the interpretation and enforcement of
  these Terms and Conditions.  You agree (i) that any lawsuit or other
  legal action to interpret or enforce these Terms and Conditions, or in connection
  with any matters related to this website, must be brought only in the state
  or federal courts located in Los Angeles County, California, and (ii) to
  submit to the jurisdiction of those courts in connection with any legal action
  relating in any way to this website or these Terms and Conditions. 





















 © 2003      Seidler Equity Partners. Website by emago.com



Contact UsTerms & ConditionsPrivacy PolicySitemap

























 









SEIDLER KUTSENDA MANAGEMENT COMPANY, LLC | Convergence - Optimal Performance
























































































 













Search for:




 


















 


Search for:




 

 
$35,166,050,586 
INDUSTRY INFRASTRUCTURE COST METER


Email gevans@convergenceinc.com


















Home
About
Database & Product
Complexity Profiling
Market Segments
Research
League Tables
News
Contact



















Home
About
Database & Product
Complexity Profiling
Market Segments
Research
League Tables
News
Contact
 









Skip to content
Home
About
Database & Product
Complexity Profiling
Market Segments
Research
League Tables
News
Contact
 







Shop









Home Products SEIDLER KUTSENDA MANAGEMENT COMPANY, LLC 












SEIDLER KUTSENDA MANAGEMENT COMPANY, LLC
$79.99









Add to cart


SKU: 1694
Category: Manager Reports





Additional Information


Reviews (0)



Additional Information


City
MARINA DEL REY



State
CA



Country
UNITED STATES



Strategy
Private Equity



Size
$1-$5bn







Reviews
There are no reviews yet.




Be the first to review “SEIDLER KUTSENDA MANAGEMENT COMPANY, LLC” Cancel replyYou must be logged in to post a review. 







Related Products


ALTERNATIVE INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT, LLC
$79.99
Add to cart

ALTAMONT CAPITAL PARTNERS
$79.99
Add to cart

SIGMA GROUP
$79.99
Add to cart




















© 2017 Convergence Inc | Website by Media Parlour 



Top









Convergence
Data & Research









Convergence provides unprecedented TRANSPARENCY and INSIGHTS into what is taking place DAILY in an industry that has gone mainstream. See how our data and research will optimize your business model. Contact us to set up a demo today!				        














Areas of InterestResearchSurveillanceAnalyticsAll Areas







































