


Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft















Jonathan Product  Products | Dermstore




 
































 


























 
 














Dermstore








brands


skin care

Cleansers & Exfoliators
Moisturizers
Serums
Sun Care
Value Sets
Tools & Devices
All Skin Care



makeup

Foundation
Concealer
Eye Makeup
Lip Makeup
Face Makeup
Mascara
Palettes & Sets
All Makeup



hair care

Shampoo
Conditioner
Styling Tools
Styling Products
Hair Treatments
All Hair Care



bath & body

Lotions & Oils
Bath & Shower
Body Treatments
Hair Removal
Baby & Mom
Fragrance
Oral Care
Value Sets
All Bath & Body



natural

Skin Care
Makeup
Hair Care
Bath & Body
All Natural




        Rewards


Sign up to earn points towards discounts on your favorite brands and products!

Learn More
Join Now




Sale


skin health center


blog


Reviews


Press


customer service

Customer Service
Order Status
Shipping Policies
Returns
FAQ
Privacy Policy
Discount Exclusions
Website Terms of Use

Call Us
1800-213-DERM(3376)





Log In











FREE Shipping & Returns - details



Save 32% on Harry Josh Pro Tools 2000 Pro Dryer + free gifts for a limited time. SHOP NOW   



Save 20% on all Colorscience. SHOP SALE  *Sale ends 7/25.   






Earn Rewards



Log In / Sign Up 

Log In / Sign Up
Track Order
Easy Returns
Order History
My Favorites
Dermstore Subscriptions






















0 Items 0 
















0 Items 0 

































Jonathan ProductAll Products 












Jonathan Product offers professional-quality hair care products that allow you to achieve gorgeous hair with ease. Using only the finest vegan ingredients, Jonathan Product nourishes, protects, moisturizes and revives the hair for enhanced beauty and health.
Jonathan Product provides products that are sulfate-free, 100% vegan and formulated with purified Essential Water. In addition, Jonathan Product's formulations are void of DEA and MEA, mineral oil, alcohol and colorants whenever feasible, ensuring the most natural products Jonathan Product is able to offer. Plus, Jonathan Product takes hair care to the next level by providing a water purification system for your shower. By removing the heavy metals and harsh chemicals normally found in shower water, the hair and skin are able to achieve an amazingly healthy, soft and radiant status. With Jonathan Product, the hair you've dreamed of can finally be yours. 









Refine by






 
Application Area Hair
 Scalp
 
 
Hair Type Coarse Hair
 Colored Hair
 Curly Hair
 Dry Hair
 Fine Hair
 Normal Hair
 Oily Hair
 
 
Ingredient Aloe Vera
 Antioxidants
 Beeswax
 Dimethicone
 Green Tea
 Keratin
 Mica
 Panthenol
 Shea Butter
 Titanium Dioxide
 

Price range: 






Featured ShopsLimited-Time Offers
Sale
Sunscreen for Hair
Travel Essentials 
Travel Size Hair Care
 
 
Preferences Paraben-Free
 Vegan
 
 
Ratings 
 
 
 
 
 











                                    Filters:
                                

                                    None
                                

CLEAR FILTERS








Sort By


Best Sellers
Price - Low to High
Price - High to Low
New
Top Rated
Free Gift





















































JOIN NOW


20% off your next order + free shipping 
Expires 30 days from signup. For new subscribers only. Brand exclusions apply.



JOIN NOW






WELCOME AND THANK YOU!
          You are now subscribed.


WELCOME AND THANK YOU!
          Our Records indicate that you've already subscribed once.




JOIN NOW


Oops, an error occurred.
          Please try adding your email address again.



JOIN NOW



 






Jonathan Seiffer, Leonard Green & Partners: Profile & Biography - Bloomberg


































































  



















Feedback





Jonathan Seiffer

Partner,
Leonard Green & Partners





Corporate Information
Address:



Phone:
-


Fax:
-











From The Web












Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data



































Leonard Green & Partners - Jonathan A. Seiffer







Leonard Green & Partners
 






FIRM PROFESSIONALS

Jonathan Seiffer
Partner

Jonathan Seiffer, Partner
Jon joined LGP in 1994. Previously he worked in corporate finance at DLJ in Los Angeles.
Jon presently serves on the Board of Directors of Aersale,  Authentic Brands Group, BJ's Wholesale Club, Caliber Collision Centers, Mister Car Wash, Motorsport Aftermarket Group, Savers, The Tire Rack, and Whole Foods Market. He is actively involved in Signet Jewelers.
Jon has served on the board of Arrow Group Industries, Big 5 Sporting Goods, David's Bridal, Diamond Triumph Auto Glass, Dollar Financial Group, Gart Sports, Liberty Group Publishing,  Scitor Corporation, Varsity Brands, and White Cap Industries.
He earned a Bachelor of Applied Science degree in Systems Engineering and a Bachelor of Science degree in Economics from the University of Pennsylvania.



Managing Partners
John Danhakl, Jonathan Sokoloff
Partners
John Baumer, Usama Cortas, Timothy Flynn, J. Kristofer Galashan, James Halper,  W. Christian McCollum, Todd Purdy, Jonathan Seiffer, Michael Solomon, Alyse Wagner
Senior Advisor
Peter Nolan
Principals
Michael Kirton, Adam Levyn, Jeffrey Suer, John Yoon
Vice Presidents
David Kass
Associates
 Anna Batko, Josh Farran, Kevin Hsu, Brendan O'Reilly, Tommy Yin
Analysts
Mark Fleishman, Jonathan Greb, Eric Tommarello, Jacob Tupler
Investor Relations
Erika Spitzer, Sheela Bryan
Portfolio Services
Lily Chang, Reginald Holden
Finance, Operations & Legal
Cody Franklin, Andrew Goldberg, Lance Schumacher, Jennifer Klein, Grace Liu, Jacqueline Katz, Robin Rice, Jonathan Schnablegger, Ben Phelan, Alyssa Boyer, Tai Park









Jonathan A. Seiffer: Executive Profile & Biography - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 23, 2017 10:37 AM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of Leonard Green & Partners, L.P.



SnapshotPeople 




OverviewBoard MembersCommittees



Executive Profile
Jonathan A. Seiffer  Partner and Senior Partner, Leonard Green & Partners, L.P.AgeTotal Calculated CompensationThis person is connected to 6 Board Members in 6 different organizations across 11 different industries.See Board Relationships46--
Background

		Mr. Jonathan A. Seiffer, also known as Jon, serves as a Partner and Senior Partner at Leonard Green & Partners, L.P. Mr. Seiffer joined the Leonard Green & Partners in 1994. He served as a Vice President from December 1997 to January 1999 and as an Associate from October 1994 to December 1997. Previously, he was employed at Donaldson, Lufkin & Jenrette Securities Corporation as a member of the Corporate Finance Department. Mr. Seiffer is Director of Ralco Holdings, Inc. ... He serves as a Director at AerSale Holdings, Inc; Savers, Inc., Authentic Brands; BJ's Wholesale Club, Inc.; AsianMedia Group LLC; The Sports Authority Inc. since December 1998; Motorsport Aftermarket Group; HITS, Inc.; The Tire Rack, Inc. He has been an Independent Director of Whole Foods Market, Inc. since December 5, 2008. He has served as a Member of the Board of Directors of David’s Bridal, Inc.; Gart Sports Company; Varsity Brands, Inc.; Liberty Group Publishing Inc. joining in January 1998; Scitor Corporation; Big 5 Sporting Goods Corporation.; White Cap Industries, Inc; Dollar Financial Group Inc. joining in October 2001; Arrow Group Industries Inc.; and Diamond Triumph Auto Glass Inc. joining in November 2001. He has over 20 years of experience in investment banking and private equity. Mr. Seiffer received a Bachelor of Applied Science degree in Systems Engineering and a B.S. degree in Economics from Wharton School at the University of Pennsylvania. Mr. Seiffer, also known as Jon, serves as a Partner and Senior Partner at Leonard Green & Partners, L.P. Mr. Seiffer joined the Leonard Green & Partners in 1994. He served as a Vice President from December 1997 to January 1999 and as an Associate from October 1994 to December 1997. Previously, he was employed at Donaldson, Lufkin & Jenrette Securities Corporation as a member of the Corporate Finance Department. Mr. Seiffer is Director of Ralco Holdings, Inc. He serves as a Director at AerSale Holdings, Inc; Savers, Inc., Authentic Brands; BJ's Wholesale Club, Inc.; AsianMedia Group LLC; The Sports Authority Inc. since December 1998; Motorsport Aftermarket Group; HITS, Inc.; The Tire Rack, Inc. He has served as a Member of the Board of Directors of David’s Bridal, Inc.; Gart Sports Company; Varsity Brands, Inc.; Liberty Group Publishing Inc. joining in January 1998; Scitor Corporation; Big 5 Sporting Goods Corporation.; White Cap Industries, Inc; Dollar Financial Group Inc. joining in October 2001; Arrow Group Industries Inc.; and Diamond Triumph Auto Glass Inc. joining in November 2001. He has over 20 years of experience in investment banking and private equity. Mr. Seiffer received a Bachelor of Applied Science degree in Systems Engineering and a B.S. degree in Economics from Wharton School at the University of Pennsylvania. Mr. Seiffer, also known as Jon, serves as a Partner and Senior Partner at Leonard Green & Partners, L.P. Mr. Seiffer joined the Leonard Green & Partners in 1994. He served as a Vice President from December 1997 to January 1999 and as an Associate from October 1994 to December 1997. Previously, he was employed at Donaldson, Lufkin & Jenrette Securities Corporation as a member of the Corporate Finance Department. Mr. Seiffer is Director of Ralco Holdings, Inc. He serves as a Director at AerSale Holdings, Inc; Savers, Inc., Authentic Brands; BJ's Wholesale Club, Inc.; AsianMedia Group LLC; The Sports Authority Inc. since December 1998; Motorsport Aftermarket Group; HITS, Inc.; The Tire Rack, Inc. He has been an Independent Director of Whole Foods Market, Inc. since December 5, 2008. He has served as a Member of the Board of Directors of David’s Bridal, Inc.; Gart Sports Company; Varsity Brands, Inc.; Liberty Group Publishing Inc. joining in January 1998; Scitor Corporation; Big 5 Sporting Goods Corporation.; White Cap Industries, Inc; Dollar Financial Group Inc. joining in October 2001; Arrow Group Industries Inc.; and Diamond Triumph Auto Glass Inc. joining in November 2001. He has over 20 years of experience in investment banking and private equity. Mr. Seiffer received a Bachelor of Applied Science degree in Systems Engineering and a B.S. degree in Economics from Wharton School at the University of Pennsylvania. Mr. Seiffer, also known as Jon, serves as a Partner and Senior Partner at Leonard Green & Partners, L.P. Mr. Seiffer joined the Leonard Green & Partners in 1994. He served as a Vice President from December 1997 to January 1999 and as an Associate from October 1994 to December 1997. Previously, he was employed at Donaldson, Lufkin & Jenrette Securities Corporation as a member of the Corporate Finance Department. Mr. Seiffer is Director of Ralco Holdings, Inc. He serves as a Director at AerSale Holdings, Inc; Savers, Inc., Authentic Brands; BJ's Wholesale Club, Inc.; AsianMedia Group LLC; The Sports Authority Inc. since December 1998; Motorsport Aftermarket Group; HITS, Inc.; The Tire Rack, Inc. He has been an Independent Director of Whole Foods Market, Inc. since December 5, 2008. He has served as a Member of the Board of Directors of David’s Bridal, Inc.; Gart Sports Company; Varsity Brands, Inc.; Liberty Group Publishing Inc. joining in January 1998; Scitor Corporation; Big 5 Sporting Goods Corporation.; White Cap Industries, Inc; Dollar Financial Group Inc. joining in October 2001; Arrow Group Industries Inc.; and Diamond Triumph Auto Glass Inc. joining in November 2001. He has over 20 years of experience in investment banking and private equity. Mr. Seiffer received a Bachelor of Applied Science degree in Systems Engineering and a B.S. degree in Economics from Wharton School at the University of Pennsylvania. Mr. Seiffer, also known as Jon, serves as a Partner and Senior Partner at Leonard Green & Partners, L.P. Mr. Seiffer joined the Leonard Green & Partners in 1994. He served as a Vice President from December 1997 to January 1999 and as an Associate from October 1994 to December 1997. Previously, he was employed at Donaldson, Lufkin & Jenrette Securities Corporation as a member of the Corporate Finance Department. Mr. Seiffer is Director of Ralco Holdings, Inc. He serves as a Director at AerSale Holdings, Inc; Savers, Inc., Authentic Brands; BJ's Wholesale Club, Inc.; AsianMedia Group LLC; The Sports Authority Inc. since December 1998; Motorsport Aftermarket Group; HITS, Inc.; The Tire Rack, Inc. He has been an Independent Director of Whole Foods Market, Inc. since December 5, 2008. He has served as a Member of the Board of Directors of David’s Bridal, Inc.; Gart Sports Company; Varsity Brands, Inc.; Liberty Group Publishing Inc. joining in January 1998; Scitor Corporation; Big 5 Sporting Goods Corporation.; White Cap Industries, Inc; Dollar Financial Group Inc. joining in October 2001; Arrow Group Industries Inc.; and Diamond Triumph Auto Glass Inc. joining in November 2001. He has over 20 years of experience in investment banking and private equity. Mr. Seiffer received a Bachelor of Applied Science degree in SyRead Full Background




Corporate Headquarters
11111 Santa Monica BoulevardLos Angeles, California 90025United StatesPhone: 310-954-0444Fax: 310-954-0404
Board Members Memberships
DirectorArrow Storage Products Inc.DirectorVarsity Brands, Inc.DirectorAsianMedia Group LLCDirectorRalco Holdings, Inc.DirectorAuthentic Brands Group LLC2008-PresentIndependent DirectorWhole Foods Market, Inc.
Education
BS University of PennsylvaniaBachelor's Degree University of Pennsylvania - The Wharton SchoolBS University of Pennsylvania - The Wharton School
Other Affiliations
Arrow Storage Products Inc.Diamond Glass CompaniesDollar Financial Group, Inc.TSA Stores, Inc.New Media Investment Group Inc.Whole Foods Market, Inc.HD Supply Construction Supply Group, Inc.Varsity Brands, Inc.AsianMedia Group LLCGateHouse Media Operating, LLCBig 5 Sporting Goods CorporationGreen Equity Investors IV, L.P.University of PennsylvaniaUniversity of Pennsylvania - The Wharton SchoolDFC Global Corp.Green Equity Investors V, L.P.Ralco Holdings, Inc.Authentic Brands Group LLC


Annual Compensation
				There is no Annual Compensation data available.
				Stocks Options
				There is no Stock Options data available.
				Total Compensation
				There is no Total Compensation data available.
			



Request Profile Update
















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



COMPETITOR COMPENSATIONThere is no Competitor Compensation data available.










Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Leonard Green & Partners, L.P., please visit .  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close


























   Jonathan Seiffer | Leonard Green & Partners , L.P. | ZoomInfo.com








Jonathan A. Seiffer - Executive Bio, Compensation History, and Contacts - Equilar Atlas










 

















Log in | Sign up








x

 






As Featured In




















Jonathan A. Seiffer
Board Member at Whole Foods Market, Inc.


View Full Profile
Are you Jonathan A. Seiffer? Claim your profile


 


Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Jonathan A. Seiffer's full profile. 
With Equilar Atlas, you can:



IDENTIFY corporate executives in Jonathan A. Seiffer's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Jonathan A. Seiffer's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Jonathan A. Seiffer through your network of contacts.
												








Jonathan A. Seiffer's Executive Work History


Current


Board Member, 
Whole Foods Market, Inc.


Past
To view Jonathan A. Seiffer's complete executive work history, sign up now
Age
45

 
 


Jonathan A. Seiffer's Biography




			Jonathan Seiffer, 45, has served as a director of the Company since December 2008. He is a Senior Partner of Leonard Green & Partners, L.P. and joined Leonard Green & Partners, L.P. in 1994. Mr. Seiffer has over 20 years of experience in investment banking and private equity. Mr. Seiffer brings to our Board of Directors investment banking, financial, leadership and risk assessment experience.
		
Source: Whole Foods Market, Inc. on 01/04/2017
		
	

 






Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Jonathan A. Seiffer's full profile. 



												By accessing Equilar Atlas, you can view bios, network, salary and wealth events
												of industry-leading executives like Jonathan A. Seiffer. More specifically, you'll be able to:
												

IDENTIFY corporate executives in Jonathan A. Seiffer's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Jonathan A. Seiffer's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Jonathan A. Seiffer through your network of conections.
												




View Full Profile


 








Search for over 360,000 executive profiles.





/bio



													Example: Jonathan A. Seiffer


















Jonathan A. Seiffer's Connections (70)





Sign up now to view Jonathan A. Seiffer's 70 connections »









John B. Elstrott
Chairman of the Board, Whole Foods Market, Inc.









William A. Tindell
Chairman of the Board, The Container Store Group, Inc.









Walter E. Robb
Senior Advisor and Board Member, Whole Foods Market, Inc.









Mary E. Burton
Former President and Chief Executive Officer, Zale Corporation









Jonathan D. Sokoloff
Former Board Member, Whole Foods Market, Inc.









Morris J. Siegel
Board Member, Whole Foods Market, Inc.









Gabrielle E. Greene-Sulzberger
Board Member, Whole Foods Market, Inc.









Shahid M. Hassan
Board Member, Whole Foods Market, Inc.









Stephanie A. Kugelman
Board Member, HSN, Inc.









Ralph Z. Sorenson
Board Member, Whole Foods Market, Inc.








Popular Profiles






														Sign up now to view more executive profiles »
														









Thomas J. Lynch
Executive Chairman, TE Connectivity Ltd.









John J. Kita
EVP and CFO, A. O. Smith









Elon R. Musk
CEO and Chairman, Tesla









David J. O'Connor
President and CEO, The Madison Square Garden Company









Claiborne P. Deming
Chairman of the Board, Murphy Oil Corporation












×

Claim Your Profile Coming Soon
Interested in updating your biography and work history?
We're working on making it happen.
We'll email you when this feature is available.
Please enter valid email address.

Done


Thank you for your interest.
Ok






			Browse executive profiles:
			
				 A
			
				 B
			
				 C
			
				 D
			
				 E
			
				 F
			
				 G
			
				 H
			
				 I
			
				 J
			
				 K
			
				 L
			
				 M
			
				 N
			
				 O
			
				 P
			
				 Q
			
				 R
			
				 S
			
				 T
			
				 U
			
				 V
			
				 W
			
				 X
			
				 Y
			
				 Z



Equilar Homepage
Equilar Atlas
Equilar Insight
Equilar BoardEdge
Equilar Engage
Research Services
Knowledge Network
About Us
Login

� 2017 Equilar All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
1100 Marshall Street, Redwood City, CA 94063 | Phone (650) 241-6600 | Fax (650) 701-0993


















News on Jonathan A. Seiffer


























































                      NEWS HOME
                    

Advertising
Board and Executive Moves
Energy
Health Care
Hedge Funds
M & A
Private Equity
Technology















                                Person                            


                                    Jonathan A. Seiffer                                    ▼





                                Topic                            


                                    All Topics                                    ▼








Organizations

                                Find news about organizations
                            





Alumni

                                Find news on alumni of any org
                            





Industries

                                Find news on a particular market
                            





Your Contacts

                                Find news on your contacts
                            








Sign up for free daily alerts on this feed:











By pressing Sign Up, you agree to our Terms of Use, Privacy Policy, and the LexisNexis Terms & Conditions


















Follow




                            Change Feed
                        


Jonathan A. Seiffer











Leonard Green shatters hard-cap for Fund VII


                                June 7, 2016                                 • 
                                Private Equity International                            


                                  ... managing partners John Danhakl and Jonathan Sokoloff, and partners John Baumer and Jonathan Seiffer. Like previous vehicles, the new fund will focus on consumer and ...
                                









Leonard Green & Partners Closes $9.6 Billion Private Equity Fund


                                June 6, 2016                                 • 
                                Business Wire                            


                                  ... Partners John Danhakl and Jonathan Sokoloff and Senior Partners John Baumer and Jonathan Seiffer. "We are excited that our investor base has continued to expand ...
                                









Leonard Green readies 4% GP commitment to Fund VII


                                May 17, 2016                                 • 
                                Private Equity International                            


                                  ... managing partners John Danhakl and Jonathan Sokoloff and partners John Baumer and Jonathan Seiffer. The key-man clause will be triggered if both managing partners or ...
                                









BJ's Wholesale Club, Inc. Announces the Appointment of Lee Delaney as Executive Vice President, Chief Growth Officer


                                May 5, 2016                                 • 
                                PR Newswire                            


                                  ... and couldn't be more pleased to have him join the BJ's team." Jonathan Seiffer, Senior Partner at Leonard Green & Partners, said, "Lee is a ...
                                









Lion Capital To Acquire A Minority Interest In Authentic Brands Group


                                April 28, 2016                                 • 
                                PR Newswire                            


                                  ... timeframe and we are genuinely proud of all the company's success," said Jonathan Seiffer, Senior Partner, LGP. "We are excited to have Lion Capital partner ...
                                









BJ's Wholesale Club, Inc. Appoints Christopher J. Baldwin to the Position of President and Chief Executive Officer


                                December 11, 2015                                 • 
                                PR Newswire                            


                                  ... industry, and his personal style fits well with the company's core values." Jonathan Seiffer, Senior Partner at Leonard Green & Partners, said, "Thanks to Laura's ...
                                









BJ's Wholesale Club, Inc. Announces the Appointment of Christopher J. Baldwin as President and Chief Operating Officer


                                August 31, 2015                                 • 
                                PR Newswire                            


                                  ... great companies, and we expect him to make similar contributions at BJ's." Jonathan Seiffer, Senior Partner at Leonard Green & Partners, said, "BJ's has been ...
                                









SAIC acquires Scitor for $790M as defense dealmaking recovery continues


                                March 2, 2015                                 • 
                                The Deal Pipeline                            


                                  ... of Scitor. SAIC's general counsel is Mark Schultz. Leonard Green partner Jonathan A. Seiffer represented the firm. DEAL SIZE $ 500 Million to 1 Billion ...
                                









Treasure Hunters of 2008


                                November 10, 2013                                 • 
                                The New York Times - Biographical Materials                            


                                  ... if Whole Foods's stock price languished. Mr. Sokoloff and his colleague, Jonathan A. Seiffer, took seats on the board. ''There was no Carl Icahn drama ...
                                







Related News Feeds






Leonard Green & Partners LP







Private Equity & Venture Capital







Board and Executive Moves in Private Equity & Venture Capital







Alumni of University of Pennsylvania - The Wharton School

























































































































Email







LinkedIn







Facebook







Google+







Tweet







Reddit





Permalink



 






Want to see the full history of news or view news on a particular date? Upgrade to RelSci Professional now!


Start My Free Trial  ➤










 Industry:




 Select a Topic:



 Keyword:



Go  ➤









 Find an Organization:






 Select a Topic:




 Keyword:




Go  ➤









 Find a Person:






 Select a Topic:




 Keyword:




Go  ➤









 Name of a School:







 Or Name of an Organization:









 Select a Topic:




 Keyword:




Go  ➤








Thank you. You are now subscribed.Please wait for the page to refresh...










You are now subscribed to this feed.










You have unsubscribed to this feed.










Thank you. You can now subscribe to more RelSci news feeds.










 To subscribe to more than one feed, please enter a password.




 Please confirm your password



Go  ➤








You've found a premium RelSci Pro feature!



Follow News On Your Contacts

Upgrade to RelSci Pro now to easily sync your contacts and stay in the know on the news about the people important to you.


Start My Free Trial  ➤

Still not convinced? Check out our full listing of features here.



Not Now








You've found a premium RelSci Pro feature!



Search News On Keywords

Curate your news even further with the ability to filter feeds based on specific keywords mentioned in the articles.


Start My Free Trial  ➤

Still not convinced? Check out our full listing of features here.



Not Now













Industries

                        Find news on a particular market
                    





People

                        Find news about people
                    





Organizations

                        Find news about organizations
                    





Alumni

                        Find news on alumni of any org
                    





Your Contacts

                        Find news on your contacts
                    












                Free Daily Alerts
            


                Sign up for free daily alerts on this feed
            




Sign Up ➤

                    By pressing Sign Up, you agree to our Terms of Use, Privacy Policy, and the LexisNexis Terms & Conditions




                Already have an account?  Click here to login.















Are you a RelSci Pro Subscriber?

Login to RelSci Pro 
                        ➤


Not a Pro Subscriber? Log in here to manage your alerts









 Keep me signed in.
        

Login  ➤



        Forgot your Password?
    

























 I have read the LexisNexis terms & conditions




Sign Me Up  ➤
















Jonathan A Seiffer - Manhattan Beach, CA | Intelius



























Sign In



We found Jonathan A Seiffer in Manhattan Beach, CA


Jonathan A Seiffer

                                                                           Intelius found that Jonathan A Seiffer  is  a male between 40 and 50 years old from Manhattan Beach, CA.  We have connected them to
                16 addresses,
                8 phones,
                and 2 relatives or associates.
         





Also Known As

Jonathan Adam Seiffer
Jon  Seiffer


Get Report Now

Age

Jonathan A Seiffer is in his 40s

Jonathan Has Lived In

Manhattan Beach, CA
Los Angeles, CA
Philadelphia, PA

Jonathan's Relatives

Dora Seiffer
Todd Seiffer







Jonathan A Seiffer



Zodiac SignLibra



GenderMale



Professional Status
Independent Director at Whole Foods



Get Report Now










Want to know more about Jonathan? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about Jonathan, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on Jonathan A Seiffer
Get a Criminal Check on Jonathan A Seiffer
Get a Public Record Report on Jonathan A Seiffer
Get a People Search Report on Jonathan A Seiffer


Jonathan A Seiffer's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where Jonathan A Seiffer has lived as well as Jonathan A Seiffer's phone numbers and email addresses.




Jonathan A Seiffer Has Lived in 4 States
California Address for Jonathan A Seiffer


222 J*** S* 

Manhattan Beach, CA


Has Lived In

Manhattan Beach, CA
Los Angeles, CA


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with Jonathan A Seiffer

(310) ***-**** - Los Angeles, CA 
(610) ***-**** - Berwyn, PA 
(310) ***-**** - Los Angeles, CA 


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with Jonathan A Seiffer

j****************r@***.com
j*******r@***.com
j******r@***.org


Get Email Report




Jonathan A Seiffer's Education Information
Known Schools Attended
Learn about Jonathan A Seiffer's academic history.  Find out which schools Jonathan A Seiffer attended, the dates attended as well as the degrees Jonathan A Seiffer received.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Jonathan A Seiffer Has Attended 1 School
Framingham High School 1985 – 1989                              


Jonathan A Seiffer's Professional Information
Information regarding Jonathan A Seiffer's professional history.  Find out previous places Jonathan A Seiffer has worked as well as dates employed.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Jonathan A Seiffer Has Worked at 7 Places
Company: Whole Foods
               Title: Independent Director
Company: Leonard Green & Partners , L.P.
               Title: Chairman
Jonathan A Seiffer's Experience
Title: Independent Director
               Company: Whole Foods
Job Details
               Company Size: $1 bil and above - Employee Range: 5,000 to less than 25,000
Title: Chairman
               Company: Leonard Green & Partners , L.P.
Job Details
               Company Size: $1 bil and above - Employee Range: 5,000 to less than 25,000
Additional Professional Information on Jonathan A Seiffer

 See Jonathan A Seiffer's LinkedIn Profile



Jonathan A Seiffer's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for Jonathan A Seiffer


Jonathan A Seiffer's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of Jonathan A Seiffer's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
Jonathan Seiffer
Username Matches

                  JonathanSeiffer
                  SeifferJonathan
                  Jonathan.Seiffer
                  Seiffer.Jonathan
                  Jonathan_Seiffer
                  Seiffer_Jonathan
                  Jonathan-Seiffer
                  Seiffer-Jonathan
                  JSeiffer
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
J Seiffer







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.














WFM Jonathan A. Seiffer Insider Trades for Whole Foods Market Inc.


































Bulletin






Investor Alert





















Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close































Whole Foods Market Inc.

                  NASDAQ: WFM
          



GO



Set Alerts
Find a Broker




Join TD Ameritrade




Market Index


 

Overview
      
Profile
      
News
      
Charts
      
Financials
      
Historical Quotes
      
Analyst Estimates
      
Options
      
SEC Filings
      
Insiders
      


/marketstate/country/us

Whole Foods Market Inc.



After Hours
 --Quotes are delayed by 20 min
Jul 21, 2017, 6:57 p.m.


WFM

/quotes/zigman/80039/composite


$
41.77




Change

+0.06
+0.14%

Volume
Volume 1.58m
Quotes are delayed by 20 min








/quotes/zigman/80039/composite
Previous close

$
			41.76
		


$
				41.71
			
Change

-0.05
-0.12%





Day low
Day high
$41.67
$41.82










52 week low
52 week high

            $27.67
        

            $43.84
        


















Insider Activity


Individual




Jonathan A. Seiffer



Mr. Jon A. Seiffer is Independent Director at Whole Foods Market, Inc. and Partner at Leonard Green & Partners LP. He is on the Board of Directors at Whole Foods Market, Inc., Dollar Financial Group, Inc., Arrow Shed LLC, The Tire Rack, Inc., Authentic Brands Group LLC, Motorsport Aftermarket Group, Inc., Aersale Holdings, Inc., BJ's Wholesale Club, Inc., Scitor Corp., The Sports Authority, Inc. (Management), MCW, Inc., and Savers LLC. He joined LGP in 1994.
Mr. Seiffer was previously employed as a Principal by DLJ Real Estate Capital Partners LLC. He also served on the board at Dollar Financial Corp., TSA Stores, Inc., Big 5 Sporting Goods Corp., David's Bridal, Inc., Diamond Triumph Auto Glass, Inc., Gart Sports Co., Liberty Group Publishing, Inc., Varsity Brands, Inc., and White Cap Industries, Inc.
Mr. Seiffer earned a Bachelor of Applied Science degree in Systems Engineering and a Bachelor of Science degree in Economics from the University of Pennsylvania.



Transactions


Date
Shares
Transaction
Value








        Copyright 2017 FactSet Research Systems Inc. All rights reserved. Source FactSet Fundamentals.
    











            Officers and Executives
        





Ms. Gabrielle  Sulzberger 
Chairman




Mr. John P. Mackey 
Chief Executive Officer & Director




Mr. A. C. Gallo 
President & Chief Operating Officer




Mr. Keith  Manbeck 
Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President




Mr. Jason J. Buechel 
Chief Information Officer & Executive VP




Mr. Ho  Tien 
Global Vice President-Culinary & Hospitality




Mr. Scott A. Allshouse 
President-Mid Atlantic Region




Mr. Patrick E. Bradley 
President-Southern Pacific Region




Mr. Mark T. Dixon 
President-Southwest Region




Mr. James P. Sud 
Executive VP-Growth & Business Development




Mr. Jeff  Turnas 
President-Whole Foods Market




Mr. David A. Lannon 
Executive Vice President-Operations




Mr. Michael  Bashaw 
President-Midwest Region




Ms. Laura A. Derba 
President-North Atlantic Region




Mr. Don J. Clark 
Global Vice President-Purchasing




Mr. Kenneth J. Meyer 
Executive Vice President-Operations




Ms. Christina  Minardi 
President-North East Region




Ms. Betsy  Foster 
Global VP-Growth & Business Development




Mr. Brian  O'Connell 
Global Vice President-Operational Finance




Mr. Joseph  Rogoff 
President-Pacific Northwest Region




Mr. Omar  Gaye 
President-South Region




Mr. Robert  Twyman 
President-Northern California Region




Mr. Walter E. Robb 
Director




Ms. Sonya Gafsi Oblisk 
Global Vice President-Marketing




Mr. Sam  Ferguson 
Global Vice President-Accounting & Controller




Mr. Brooke  Buchanan 
Global Vice President-Communications




Ms. Cindy  McCann 
Global Vice President-Investor Relations




Ms. Heather  Stern 
Global VP-Legal Affairs & General Counsel




Mr. Ronald M. Shaich 
Independent Director




Mr. Scott F. Powers 
Independent Director




Ms. Sharon L. McCollam 
Director




Mr. Joe  Mansueto 
Independent Director




Mr. Kenneth C. Hicks 
Independent Director




Ms. Mary Ellen Coe 
Independent Director




Mr. Hass M. Hassan 
Independent Director




Ms. Stephanie  Kugelman 
Independent Director




Mr. Jonathan A. Seiffer 
Independent Director









Trending Tickers


/quotes/zigman/17636479/composite VUZI+15.60%


/quotes/zigman/237947/composite JCP-5.83%


/quotes/zigman/59392505/composite NUGT-2.93%


/quotes/zigman/65801738/composite TLT+1.11%


/quotes/zigman/59386294/composite JNUG-5.94%


X




Powered by














Log In




10:37 AM EDT
July 23, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Closed


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
10:12aAlphabet earnings: A $2.74 billion hit for Google, potential YouTube results for investors
10:01aHow to earn $100,000 a year or more with side hustles 
9:59aThe dark side of cruises
9:59aStocks brace for volatility in earnings deluge; Fed meeting looms 
9:58aYou’ll save money on gas with a Tesla, but you may end up paying more elsewhere
9:56aWarning for homeowners: Here’s how much you’ll spend after buying your new house
9:52aMove over, Airbnb: Here’s how to rent out your home for a lot more money
9:52aThese wealthy parents spend $20,000 for summer camps so their kids can be ‘normal’
9:50aThese 4 colors can be the kiss of death when selling your home
9:48aThe richest people on the planet just got richer, but one country was outstanding
9:47aThis is exactly how many years of work you should reveal on your résumé 
9:44aMy boss asked me to let a new employee stay at my place for two months (for free)
9:44aArtificial sweeteners may even make you put on weight
9:43a10 seriously inappropriate things you should never (ever) say to a co-worker
9:42a5 totally avoidable reasons why millennials can’t have nice things (or save any money)
9:40aNote to parents – this social network was rated the worst for teenage cyberbullying
9:39aIf you suddenly quit your job like Sean Spicer, here’s what you should do next
9:38aThis is the deadliest time of your life to put on weight
9:37aNot even free money can make some people go to the gym 
9:37aWhat Eleanor Roosevelt and Helen Gurley Brown ate — and what we can learn from it 
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,580.07

-31.71
-0.15%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,387.75

-2.25
-0.04%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,472.54

-0.91
-0.04%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15






















































 

Jonathan Seiffer's involvement in venture capital (via Ralco Holdings Inc, Green Equity Investors Side Vi Lp, Lgp Associates Ii Llc, Needle Coinvest Llc, Lgp Animal Coinvest Llc, Lgp Beacon Coinvest Llc, Lgp Chino Coinvest Llc, Lgp Fitness Ii Co-investment Llc, Green Equity Investors Offshore Fund Vi Lp, Green Equity Investors Vi Lp, Beacon Holding Inc, Lgp Staffing Coinvest Llc, Lgp Associates Vi-b Llc, Lgp Associates Vi-a Llc, Lgp Malted Coinvest Llc, Scitor Holdings Inc, Lgp Dungaree Coinvest Llc, Velocity Holding Company Inc, Jupiter Ceo Coinvest Llc, Jupiter Lp Coinvest Llc, Karman Ii Coinvest Lp, Fresh Coinvest Llc, Ltf Coinvest Lp)































Want to see more?Want to find out who got funded, and who’s funding the next big thing? in real time? all across the world? tailored to your specific areas of focus?100+ deals per dayGet access to the most exhaustive worldwide funding watch on the web!Comprehensive funding informationKnow about who invested in a company, which sites covered the event, the funding history, etc.Exclusive insightsView original analytics such as most dynamic industries, most active investors, and more!Stay aware!Get emailed when deals critical to your business happen. Filter by region, industry and topics of interest.As seen onHave a login?Sign inRegister now!It's free!Use your social accountOr fill in the quick form:Register nowpromise we won't spamSign invia your social account:via your existing WGF account:Remember meRegister, it's freeForgot your password?SIGN INForgot your password?Enter your e-mail and we will send you your new password.reset passwordThe world's largest funding base/people/6907-jonathan-seiffersection=people&subsection=detail&id=6907




			Search deals by company name, industry, location, investors...			
			




SEARCH


JonathanSeifferGet alertedif Jonathan Seiffer gets funded!Jonathan SeifferRalco Holdings Inc - DirectorGreen Equity Investors Side Vi Lp - Executive_OfficerLgp Associates Ii Llc - Executive_OfficerNeedle Coinvest Llc - Executive_OfficerLgp Animal Coinvest Llc - Executive_OfficerLgp Beacon Coinvest Llc - Executive_OfficerLgp Chino Coinvest Llc - Executive_OfficerLgp Fitness Ii Co-investment Llc - Executive_OfficerGreen Equity Investors Offshore Fund Vi Lp - Executive_OfficerGreen Equity Investors Vi Lp - Executive_OfficerBeacon Holding Inc - DirectorLgp Staffing Coinvest Llc - Executive OfficerLgp Associates Vi-b Llc - Executive OfficerLgp Associates Vi-a Llc - Executive OfficerLgp Malted Coinvest Llc - Executive OfficerScitor Holdings Inc - DirectorLgp Dungaree Coinvest Llc - Executive OfficerVelocity Holding Company Inc - DirectorJupiter Ceo Coinvest Llc - Executive OfficerJupiter Lp Coinvest Llc - Executive OfficerKarman Ii Coinvest Lp - Executive OfficerFresh Coinvest Llc - Executive OfficerLtf Coinvest Lp - Executive OfficerDeals involving Jonathan Seiffer$99,980,000 raised with Ralco Holdings Inc on April, 2012$1,479,000 raised with Ralco Holdings Inc on May, 2010$25,000,000 raised with Ralco Holdings Inc on January, 2010$4,226,000 raised with Ralco Holdings Inc on December, 2009$24,000,000 raised with Ralco Holdings Inc on July, 2009$6,250,000,000 raised with Green Equity Investors Side Vi Lp on July, 2012Undisclosed raised with Green Equity Investors Side Vi Lp on September, 2011$3,080,000 raised with Lgp Associates Ii Llc on July, 2012$5,200,000 raised with Needle Coinvest Llc on April, 2011$3,520,000 raised with Lgp Animal Coinvest Llc on June, 2011$9,480,000 raised with Lgp Beacon Coinvest Llc on October, 2011$6,045,000 raised with Lgp Chino Coinvest Llc on March, 2011$280,000 raised with Lgp Fitness Ii Co-investment Llc on October, 2011Undisclosed raised with Green Equity Investors Offshore Fund Vi Lp on September, 2011Undisclosed raised with Green Equity Investors Vi Lp on September, 2011$12,785,031 raised with Beacon Holding Inc on March, 2016$12,785,031 raised with Beacon Holding Inc on March, 2016$7,150,031 raised with Beacon Holding Inc on November, 2015$674,598,700 raised with Beacon Holding Inc on October, 2011$6,725,000 raised with Lgp Staffing Coinvest Llc on January, 2013Undisclosed raised with Lgp Staffing Coinvest Llc on November, 2012$4,280,000 raised with Lgp Associates Vi-b Llc on February, 2013$412,500 raised with Lgp Associates Vi-a Llc on February, 2013$3,230,000 raised with Lgp Malted Coinvest Llc on February, 2013$47,840,338 raised with Scitor Holdings Inc on August, 2013$3,152,500 raised with Lgp Dungaree Coinvest Llc on February, 2014$382,544,198 raised with Velocity Holding Company Inc on May, 2014$13,640,000 raised with Jupiter Ceo Coinvest Llc on July, 2014$75,000,000 raised with Jupiter Lp Coinvest Llc on July, 2014$20,000,000 raised with Karman Ii Coinvest Lp on October, 2014$4,285,000 raised with Fresh Coinvest Llc on December, 2014$110,265,000 raised with Ltf Coinvest Lp on June, 2015Please note that all data is automatically extracted and errors can occur.The WhoGotFunded team has not necessarily reviewed the information in this page and has not determined if it is accurate and complete.Some of the profile information was collected using the Crunchbase API. For more details on the profile, please check Jonathan Seiffer on Crunchbase.Inaccurate Data? Help us improve WhoGotFunded: post a comment!


403 - Forbidden: Access is denied.



Server Error


403 - Forbidden: Access is denied.
You do not have permission to view this directory or page using the credentials that you supplied.







Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft















Jonathan Product  Products | Dermstore




 
































 


























 
 










×Close





ENJOY





20% SAVINGS  on your entire order!*









SIGN ME UP





*Offer valid for new subscribers only.




 
 
 



×Close







× Close


Thank You
You are now subscribed to Dermstore Emails.
Be sure to check your inbox for your special savings code!
start shopping






×Close


Hello Again!
Thanks for resubscribing. Welcome back!
 start shopping






× Close


Sorry,
that’s not a valid email address.
Please enter your email address in the format of name@email.com



submit

















Dermstore








brands


skin care

Cleansers & Exfoliators
Moisturizers
Serums
Sun Care
Value Sets
Tools & Devices
All Skin Care



makeup

Foundation
Concealer
Eye Makeup
Lip Makeup
Face Makeup
Mascara
Palettes & Sets
All Makeup



hair care

Shampoo
Conditioner
Styling Tools
Styling Products
Hair Treatments
All Hair Care



bath & body

Lotions & Oils
Bath & Shower
Body Treatments
Hair Removal
Baby & Mom
Fragrance
Oral Care
Value Sets
All Bath & Body



natural

Skin Care
Makeup
Hair Care
Bath & Body
All Natural




        Rewards


Sign up to earn points towards discounts on your favorite brands and products!

Learn More
Join Now




Sale


skin health center


blog


Reviews


Press


customer service

Customer Service
Order Status
Shipping Policies
Returns
FAQ
Privacy Policy
Discount Exclusions
Website Terms of Use

Call Us
1800-213-DERM(3376)





Log In











FREE Shipping & Returns - details



Save 32% on Harry Josh Pro Tools 2000 Pro Dryer + free gifts for a limited time. SHOP NOW   



Save 20% on all Colorscience. SHOP SALE  *Sale ends 7/25.   






Earn Rewards



Log In / Sign Up 

Log In / Sign Up
Track Order
Easy Returns
Order History
My Favorites
Dermstore Subscriptions






















0 Items 0 
















0 Items 0 

































Jonathan ProductAll Products 












Jonathan Product offers professional-quality hair care products that allow you to achieve gorgeous hair with ease. Using only the finest vegan ingredients, Jonathan Product nourishes, protects, moisturizes and revives the hair for enhanced beauty and health.
Jonathan Product provides products that are sulfate-free, 100% vegan and formulated with purified Essential Water. In addition, Jonathan Product's formulations are void of DEA and MEA, mineral oil, alcohol and colorants whenever feasible, ensuring the most natural products Jonathan Product is able to offer. Plus, Jonathan Product takes hair care to the next level by providing a water purification system for your shower. By removing the heavy metals and harsh chemicals normally found in shower water, the hair and skin are able to achieve an amazingly healthy, soft and radiant status. With Jonathan Product, the hair you've dreamed of can finally be yours. 









Refine by






 
Application Area Hair
 Scalp
 
 
Hair Type Coarse Hair
 Colored Hair
 Curly Hair
 Dry Hair
 Fine Hair
 Normal Hair
 Oily Hair
 
 
Ingredient Aloe Vera
 Antioxidants
 Beeswax
 Dimethicone
 Green Tea
 Keratin
 Mica
 Panthenol
 Shea Butter
 Titanium Dioxide
 

Price range: 






Featured ShopsLimited-Time Offers
Sale
Sunscreen for Hair
Travel Essentials 
Travel Size Hair Care
 
 
Preferences Paraben-Free
 Vegan
 
 
Ratings 
 
 
 
 
 











                                    Filters:
                                

                                    None
                                

CLEAR FILTERS








Sort By


Best Sellers
Price - Low to High
Price - High to Low
New
Top Rated
Free Gift





















































JOIN NOW


20% off your next order + free shipping 
Expires 30 days from signup. For new subscribers only. Brand exclusions apply.



JOIN NOW






WELCOME AND THANK YOU!
          You are now subscribed.


WELCOME AND THANK YOU!
          Our Records indicate that you've already subscribed once.




JOIN NOW


Oops, an error occurred.
          Please try adding your email address again.



JOIN NOW



 







Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft













Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          










jonathan product - Walmart.comSkip to Main ContentmenusearchWalmart. Save Money. Live Better.FREE Walmart Grocery pickupIntroducing Pickup DiscountReorder your favoritesBe a school year heroAllAll DepartmentsAuto & TiresBabyBeautyBooksCell PhonesClothingElectronicsFoodGifts & RegistryHealthHomeHome ImprovementHousehold EssentialsJewelryMoviesMusicOfficeParty & OccasionsPatio & GardenPetsPharmacyPhoto CenterSports & OutdoorsToysVideo GamesSearchClear search fieldSearchHello. Sign InMy AccountpinItems in cartFREE Walmart Grocery pickupIntroducing Pickup DiscountReorder your favoritesBe a school year heroShowing 1-20 of 1,211 resultsleft hand navigation Skip to Next SectionDepartmentsPersonal CareStyling ProductsShampoosBath & BodyBeautyStyling ProductsBath & BodySkin CareHome ImprovementHousehold EssentialsVideo GamesParty & OccasionsJewelryBooksElectronicsHomeMovies & TVMusic on CD or VinylSports & OutdoorsToysPhoto CenterPatio & GardenClothingAuto & TiresFoodHealthOfficeMusical InstrumentsSee all DepartmentsShipping & PickupShow all2-Day ShippingShip to HomeFree Pickup + DiscountFREE PickupFREE Pickup TodayBrandElk LightingLamp WorksBailey StreetRenwilGarminJonathan ProductGlobal GalleryVino de MiloJonathan GreenJonathan Paul EyewearDimond HomeJBs BestWallPopsRen-WilReebokTangletown Fine ArtGreat Big CanvasWarner Bros.CINEDIGMCarr'sSee more brandsRefinePrice$ to $GoTop brandsElk LightingLamp WorksBailey StreetRenwilGarminJonathan ProductGlobal GalleryStore availabilitySearch your store by entering a zip code or your city or state.GoSortBest matchbest_matchbest_sellerprice_lowprice_highrating_highnewBest matchBest sellersPrice: low to highPrice: high to lowHighest ratingNewSearch Product ResultProduct - Jonathan Product Silky Dirt, Shine & Define Creme 3.35 ozProduct ImageProduct TitleJonathan Product Silky Dirt, Shine & Define Creme 3.35 ozPrice$21.74Product TitleJonathan Product Silky Dirt, Shine & Define Creme 3.35 ozSold & Shipped by PharmapacksFree shippingProduct Spec Jonathan Product Free Shipping Phthalate free; gluten free; 100% vegetarianSold & Shipped by PharmapacksFree shippingProduct - Jonathan Product Silky Dirt, Shine & Define Creme 3.35 oz (Pack of 2)Product ImageProduct TitleJonathan Product Silky Dirt, Shine & Define Creme 3.35 oz (Pack of 2)Price$38.85Product TitleJonathan Product Silky Dirt, Shine & Define Creme 3.35 oz (Pack of 2)Sold & Shipped by PharmapacksFree shippingProduct SpecJonathan ProductFree ShippingPack of 2Sold & Shipped by PharmapacksFree shippingProduct - Jonathan Product Dirt Texturizing Paste 3.35 ozProduct ImageProduct TitleJonathan Product Dirt Texturizing Paste 3.35 ozPrice$24.00Product TitleJonathan Product Dirt Texturizing Paste 3.35 ozAverage rating:5out of5stars, based on1reviews(1)ratingsSold & Shipped by Riverdale BeautyFree shippingProduct Spec Jonathan Product Free ShippingSold & Shipped by Riverdale BeautyFree shippingProduct - Jonathan Product Silky Dirt, Shine & Define Creme 3.35 oz (Pack of 6)Product ImageProduct TitleJonathan Product Silky Dirt, Shine & Define Creme 3.35 oz (Pack of 6)Price$109.54Product TitleJonathan Product Silky Dirt, Shine & Define Creme 3.35 oz (Pack of 6)Sold & Shipped by PharmapacksFree shippingProduct SpecJonathan ProductFree ShippingPack of 6Sold & Shipped by PharmapacksFree shipping   Already a ShippingPass member? Sign InFree returns online or in-storeNot completely satisfied? We've made returning items as easy as possible.Never worry about minimum ordersOrder as often as you like all year long.Just $49 after your initial FREE trialThe more you use it, the more you save. Cancel your subscription any time.It's free shipping made easyIt's your key to free shipping. Use your subscription to unlock millions more items that ship free. Managing your ShippingPass is easy. Our customer care team is standing by to help you manage your ShippingPass subscription. Look for  Seeing what items qualify for 2-day shipping is easy—they're flagged with the program logo. Featured ShippingPass Products Household  Health Pets Clothing Home Electronics› More Info  OVERVIEW The following is an overview of the ShippingPass Pilot subscription service. You should review the Terms & Conditions for a more detailed description as well as service limitations prior to signing up for ShippingPass. What is ShippingPass and how will it make my life easier? You told us what you wanted and now we're delivering it. ShippingPass is our new subscription program designed to bring you unlimited 2-day free shipping for one year with no minimum order. Get what you need ― fast! How much does ShippingPass cost?It's just $49 for a whole year of unlimited free shipping after your initial 30-day free trial. Start your free trial now. ELIGIBLE ITEMSWhat products can I order using ShippingPass? We focused on the bestselling products customers like you want most in categories like Baby, Clothing, Electronics and Health & Beauty.  Marketplace items (products not sold by Walmart.com), and items with freight charges are not eligible for ShippingPass.How do I know which products qualify for ShippingPass?Just look for  next to the item.Does buying a ShippingPass subscription get me any extra FREE shipping benefits? YES! As an added benefit, you'll receive FREE value shipping on a large selection of non-eligible ShippingPass items. These are sold by Walmart.com and flagged with FREE Shipping. More details on what is eligible with ShippingPass:Shipping SpeedItems & AddressesFREE 2-day shipping Items sold by Walmart.com that are marked eligible on the product and checkout page with the logo  Nearly all addresses in the continental U.S., except those marked as ineligible below. FREE value shipping Select items that are not included in ShippingPass will ship for free but with value shipping. Look for items sold by Walmart.com and marked with FREE shipping. You will also see this noted in checkout.  Addresses in the following State Codes AK, HI, AE, AP, AA, PR, GU, MP, PW, AS, VI, FM and APO/FPO addresses with U.S. ZIP Codes will ship for free with value shipping. You will see this noted in checkout. Ineligible items & addressesItems with freight chargesItems fulfilled by Walmart.com Marketplace sellersPersonalized itemseGift CardsAny item that is not marked eligible on the product page or in checkoutInternational destinationsSHIPPING & RETURNSWhat does 2-day shipping really mean? Your product will be shipped to its final destination to arrive in 2 business days or faster. If your order is placed before the 11 a.m. PST cutoff time, then it will ship that day and arrive 2 business days later. If your order is placed after the 11 a.m. PST cutoff time, we will do our best to process it the same day but may need an extra day.Place your order BEFORE 11 a.m. PST cutoff:MondayTuesdayWednesdayOrder before 11 a.m. PST, and your order is picked, packed and sent out Your order is on its way to youYour order is deliveredPlace your order AFTER 11 a.m. PST Cutoff:MondayTuesdayWednesdayThursdayOrder placed after 11 a.m. PST is received Your order is picked, packed and sent outYour order is on its way to youYour order is deliveredIs there a cutoff time I should be aware of?Order before 11 a.m. PST to get the fastest shipping.Do you deliver on weekends?We do not deliver on Sundays, but do sometimes deliver on Saturday depending on the carrier that is delivering your order. The best way to determine the date of delivery is to check the status in  My Account . How do I track a shipment?Sign in to My Account on Walmart.com to track your order.Is return shipping free?Yes, it's free. Learn more. Can I use the Walmart App to shop with ShippingPass?  Yes, ShippingPass is integrated with the Walmart App ― tap, swipe and shop away. Just look for  next to the item.PAYMENTDo you offer a trial subscription? Yes, we are currently offering a 30-day free trial. Which payment methods can I use? The ShippingPass subscription can be purchased with all major credit and debit cards. MAINTAINING YOUR MEMBERSHIPWill my subscription automatically renew?Yes, your subscription will auto-renew renew after your free trial and after your 1 year subscription has ended so you have no service interruption.How do I turn off auto-renewal? Auto-renewal can be managed in  My Account. Will I get a refund if I cancel my subscription?You are eligible for a full refund if no ShippingPass-eligible orders have been placed. You cannot receive a refund if you have placed a ShippingPass-eligible order. In this case, the Customer Care team will remove your account from auto-renewal to ensure you are not charged for an additional year and you can continue to use the subscription until the end of your subscription term.I'm eligible for a refund. How do I cancel my subscription?  Visit our Help Center and contact Customer Care. MORE QUESTIONSDo I need an invitation to join ShippingPass?ShippingPass is open to everyone, no invitation required.Am I able to set up sub-accounts within my ShippingPass subscription for family and friends?No, currently you cannot share your ShippingPass account.Why did my order come in multiple boxes?We do our best to get your whole order in one box, but sometimes product is housed in different facilities, resulting in more than one box.Why is my favorite product not ShippingPass-eligible anymore?The ShippingPass assortment is continually being optimized. Products are added and removed for lots of reasons, but the main reason is to show items that we're 100% sure we can deliver within the promised timeline.ShippingPassWant to get your items fast without the pricey shipping fees? With ShippingPass from Walmart, you can enjoy Every Day Low Prices with the convenience of fast, FREE shipping.Whether you need a gift in a pinch or you're simply running low on household essentials, a ShippingPass subscription gets you the things you need without hurting your pocket.When you purchase ShippingPass you don't have to worry about minimum order requirements or shipping distance. No matter how small the order or how far it needs to go, ShippingPass provides unlimited nationwide shipping. If you need to return or exchange an item you can send it back at no cost or take it to your neighborhood store.To see if ShippingPass is right for you, try a 30-day free trial. Also, with ShippingPass, there is no need to worry about commitment. If you decide you want to discontinue the service, you can cancel your subscription at any time. No matter what your shipping needs, Walmart's got you covered. Sign up for ShippingPass so you can shop more, save money and live better.Electrode, Comp-205736821, DC-prod-dal2, ENV-prod-a, PROF-PROD, VER-4.10.0, SHA-335bc5636ba3022fedaefd3cd18df818927a3e0c, CID-

	Search Engine Marketing (SEM) - Bing Ads







































































































Skip to content











Sign upSign in


 


















You run your business. We'll help find your customers.
Bing Ads can help build your business and drive your success. Spend $25 and get $100 in advertising credit.†

†Offer details




Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.







Coupon code class

First name:

Last name:

Email:

Your website URL

Business phone



*Required
Microsoft may contact you to provide updates and special offers about Bing Ads. You can unsubscribe at any time. To learn more you can read the privacy statement.
Type the code from the image:

Enter security code:







             























×
Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.


†Offer Details: Offer expires December 31, 2017.  Valid only for new Bing Ads customers who are first party recipients of the offer email. A new Bing Ads customer is one that has not advertised on Bing Ads before. Enter promotional coupon code and spend $25 (applies to threshold and prepaid accounts) to receive $100 in Bing Ads credits. Limit one promotion code per new Bing Ads customer. Promotional code must be redeemed within thirty (30) days of Bing Ads new customer account creation. Ad campaign costs accrued before receiving a credit, as well as costs accrued after all credits are used, will be charged to the payment method associated with the Bing Ads account. If customer payment fails, the coupon amount will not be applied.  Ads will continue to run and accrue costs after any promotional credit has been used up. Any portion of the credit not used within ninety (90) days of credit redemption will expire and can't be carried over even if the Bing Ads Customer switches their payment method. Offer valid only to residents of the United States. In order for the offer to be valid, a form of payment must be entered into your account prior to redemption of the promotional code and prior to your account going live to take advantage of the credit. This offer may not be combined with any other offer, promotional code coupon or discount, separated, redeemed for cash, transferred, sold, or bartered. Microsoft, in its sole discretion, can close your account for any suspected coupon abuse. Refund of the $25 is not permitted.  See Bing Ads Terms and Conditions for more details at sign-up. Other terms and conditions may apply.  Microsoft reserves the right to cancel, change, or suspend this offer at any time without notice.









See how Bing Ads works



Customers search


Customers see your ad


Customers contact you


Watch how Bing Ads works  
 








×
How Bing Ads works

















Help more customers find you
See how Bing can attract customers your Google AdWords campaigns can't.

Reach 137 million searchers on the Bing Network.1
Tap into 32.9% of the search marketplace.2
Get in front of searchers who spend 16 percent more than the average internet searcher.2











Powerful network. Powerful benefits.



Reach across devicesConnect with customers looking for your business anytime, anywhere, on any device.


Go global or localReach people in the Bing Network everywhere or focus on cities, counties and areas within a certain distance from your business.


Easy to importIf you're already using another product like Google Adwords, it's easy to pull that campaign into Bing Ads.








You control your costs

 Free sign-upJoin Bing Ads for free and control your account at every step.


 Only pay for clicksPay just when customers click on your ad. No click, no charge.


 No minimum feeStart advertising with a budget that works best for your business.









 



The advantage we gain in cost per click gives us a great return on investment — more than 35 percent better than Google AdWords.
Scott Redgate, search engine marketing manager — CJ Pony Parts
By using Bing Ads features like Image Extensions and Sitelink Extensions, this auto parts retailer races to convert customers and beat its competition.

 Read about driving more conversions







 



We might not get as much of the volume as with Google AdWords, but the volume of the traffic that we get converts really well at a lower cost.
Scott Schult, Executive Vice President of Marketing — Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau
The Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau uses Bing Ads to drive site traffic and tourism at lower cost.

 Read about getting better ROI








Better results for less cost. That's as simple as I can make it. If I look at the quality of the traffic we get for the dollars we spend on Bing Ads, our ROI is fantastic.
Alex Littlewood, CEO   Motoroso
Motoroso, a market network for auto enthusiasts, gets better results for less cost and reaches a high-value audience with Bing Ads.

 Read about attracting quality traffic



 









Import your AdWords campaigns

Save time by importing your Google AdWords campaigns into Bing Ads to get ads live quickly.


Sign in with your Microsoft account (or create one) to get started on Bing Ads.


From within the Bing Ads interface, select the Import from Google AdWords option.


Enter your Google AdWords credentials and select the campaign you want to import.










Preview your ad

Get found online with search engine marketing. Make the most of your marketing dollars and drive customers to your business.
See how Bing Ads can work for you




















Get started today
Give us a few details about your business to create a Bing Ads account and get it up and running.


  
Sign up
Get started with Bing Ads 
Signing up is always free.













FAQ


Is Bing Ads right for me?

Is Bing Ads right for my business?
All types of businesses find value and success with Bing Ads. Whether you're focused on local calls and foot traffic, or want to drive traffic to your website from across the country or around the world. Bing Ads has solutions for you.
I already appear in search results for free. Why should I pay for advertising?
Your current customers may search for your business by name, aiming it easy to find you in search results. But customers you've yet to reach are more likely searching for general terms that wouldn't necessarily bring up your business in search results. Advertising next to relevant Bing search results puts your business front and center with interested customers you otherwise might not reach.
What is the difference between SEO and SEM? Which one is right for me?
Search engine optimization (SEO) is adjusting your website to improve your natural ranking in search results. You cannot pay to improve your website ranking on Bing or Yahoo, thus we often refer to these results and unpaid or "organic" search results.

	Clicks from SEO are free. But SEO also requires technical expertise and involves some factors over which you have only limited control.

	Search engine marketing (SEM) is paid advertising that appears next to or above unpaid (or "organic") search results. These paid ads are purchased through Bing Ads.

	You pay for SEM clicks. But SEM gives you more control over when your website appears on results pages and you decide how much you want to pay. And you can measure which ads are working and quickly improve your results.

	You don't have to choose between SEO and SEM. You can do both!
If my time is limited, should I still try Bing ads?
Yes! Call a Bing Ads specialist at 877-635-3561*and we’ll set up your first campaign for you for free. We’ll give you tips on getting the most out of your ads and set you up for success. We’re here to help.




About Bing Ads

Where does my ad appear?
Your ads could appear on the top or to the right of Bing, Yahoo, and MSN search results. And you can choose to target your ads to different geographic regions, times or days of the week, and even demographics.
What determines my ad position?
Bing Ads is a pay-per-click (PPC) advertising system. You bid based on how much you are willing to pay per each click on your ad. Because webpages have a limited number of places to show ads, we auction those spaces. You are bidding against other advertisers to get your ads into the space you want. So if you bid on the keyword "shoe", you will have to beat the bids of the other advertisers who are also bidding on "shoe." You determine how much you are willing to bid.
	Your ad position is based on several things, including:
	
How closely your ad and website fit with the terms that are searched (relevance).
How your bid compares to other bids in the Bing Ads auction.
How strongly your ad has performed in the past and how often it has been clicked (click-through rate).

	The stronger you are in these areas, the better your chances of winning the top ad position.




How to use Bing Ads

How can I use Bing Ads to drive more people to my website?
Here are some tips to get better results:
	
Review your budget and bid strategy. If your ad keeps pausing, your budget limit may be set too low. Competitive bids help your ad stay in a strong position to catch eyes and get more clicks to your website.
Expand your targeting, both for location and for devices (computer, mobile and tablet).
Make sure your ads and website are relevant to the keywords you bid on. Would someone searching your terms expect to see and ad for your business?


How can I keep my costs down?
While your first instinct may be to lower your budget, first try lowering your maximum bids. Yes, this could mean fewer customers visit your site. But if you increase your quality score and build ads with a strong performance history, you may be able to win a good ad position with a lower bid. That would lower your cost=per-click and help stretch your budget.
How do I know if Bing Ads is working?
View a wide range of performance trends in your account to quickly see key stats: ad clicks, the number of times your ad appeared (impressions), spend, average cost-per-click, click-through rate, average ad position, cost per acquisition, and conversions. You can also run performance reports to get insights into how well your campaigns are doing.
Can I run more than one ad?
Yes! In fact, we encourage it. Only one ad will show at a time but running multiple ads lets you test different approaches to see what's working best with your target customers. Frequently, businesses try out different ads for specific products or pages.




Getting started with Bing Ads

How do I get started?
Sign up for Bing Ads
Which keywords should I choose?
You have a few options to help choose your keywords. First you'll want to think of the terms one of your customers might use to search for your products and offerings. Those search terms are a great starting point. Then you can use tools right in your account to find more keywords. Within Bing Ads, click Campaigns on the top of the page. Click the Keywords tab, and then click Add Keywords. This will let you:
	
Search for new keywords based on one you enter.
Search a website for keywords.
Search your destination URLs for keywords.


How can I write a good ad?
Here are a few tips that can help make your ad stand out.
	
Keep your ads relevant. One way to improve relevance is to use your customer's most popular search terms in your ad titles and txt.
Describe what sets your product apart.
Use your customers' language. Use words and writing tone that are likely to attract your typical customer.
Be specific. This clearer and more specific your offering, the better. For example, rather than "big discount," specify and exact percentage, such as "50 percent off."
Give customers a reason to click your ad right now. Offer a specific call to action, such as encouraging customers to request a brochure or consultation, download a free e-book, subscribe to a newsletter, or take advantage of a limited-time discount.























Sign up with Bing Ads to get started





































