










 




Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version
















Select Partners ELS Master Fund, Ltd.


















graypools
Sign in
Learn more







Select Partners ELS Master Fund, Ltd.
Hedge Fund






Institutional Investors

Hedge Funds

Select Partners ELS Master Fund, Ltd.





















Select Partners ELS Master Fund, Ltd.
is  a Kentucky Hedge Fund located in New York,
New York.  
 






C/O Select Equity Group, L.P.
New York,
New York, 
10003 
United States
Phone: (212) 475-8335




Minimum Investment100.00K
JurisdictionKentucky
Updated2017-06-20 15:03:48.257884
NameSelect Partners ELS Master Fund, Ltd.
Latest Filing2017-03-31
As of Date2017-05-02
Private Fund ID805-5829117100
Legal Entity TypeCayman Islands Ordinary Non-Resident Company
Legal Entity Identifier549300W95VJFE14YKY52











Statements



Portfolio


Beneficial Owners












03-17




Portfolios
175.05M











03-17




Beneficial Owners
17.00

































About /
Entities /
Legal
© 2017 Graypools LLC











Select Partners ELS Intermediate Fund, Ltd.


















graypools
Sign in
Learn more







Select Partners ELS Intermediate Fund, Ltd.
Hedge Fund






Institutional Investors

Hedge Funds

Select Partners ELS Intermediate Fund, Ltd.





















Select Partners ELS Intermediate Fund, Ltd.
is  a Cayman Islands Hedge Fund located in New York,
New York.  
 






380 Lafayette Street
New York,
New York, 
10003 
United States
Phone: (212) 475-8335




JurisdictionCayman Islands
Updated2017-06-20 13:26:16.739590
NameSelect Partners ELS Intermediate Fund, Ltd.
Latest Filing2017-03-31
As of Date2017-03-31
Private Fund ID805-2220939682













Advisers



Fund Managers: 1








Fund Managers: 2017-03-31



Select Equity Group, L.P.
Delaware
































About /
Entities /
Legal
© 2017 Graypools LLC







 





Select Partners ELS Master Fund, Ltd. (549300W95VJFE14YKY52) | Open LEIs


















            A user-friendly view on the
            Legal Entity Identifier system




Brought to you by













What is the LEI system?
About OpenCorporates



Register


Login











		    Select Partners ELS Master Fund, Ltd.
      




Lei 549300W95VJFE14YKY52
Legal Form CAYMAN ISLANDS ORDINARY NON-RESIDENT COMPANY
Registered Address PO Box 1348, 94 Solaris Avenue, Camana Bay KY1-1108, Cayman Islands
Headquarter Address C/O Select Equity Group, L.P., 380 Lafayette Street, New York, US-NY 10003
Legal Jurisdiction KY
Inferred Jurisdiction Cayman Islands
Business Registry Name N/A
Business Registry Identifier Not supplied!

Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) details

Registered By DTCC/SWIFT CICI
Assignment Date 2012-12-04 16:41:05 UTC
Record Last Update 2017-05-02 11:21:27 UTC
Next Renewal Date 2018-04-26 17:01:55 UTC
Status Code ISSUED



          Imported from gleif on
          July 27 2017,  8.57AM
        




Share this page








Permalink



Connect with us

 Connect
 Join
 Follow






Download Open Data

XML or
      JSON














×






TIGER ELS, L.P. - CYPRESS, TX - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



TX



CYPRESS



Business Services, Nec



Business Services At Non-commercial Site



                            TIGER ELS, L.P.
                                    



 





















T 


TIGER ELS, L.P.
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



13711 CYPRESS POND CIR CYPRESS, TX 77429
Get Directions








Business Info



 Founded 2004
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $66,000.00
 Employee Count --
 Industries Business Services At Non-commercial Site
 Contacts --







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Tiger Els, L.p. was founded in 2004. Tiger Els, L.p. specializes in Business Services At Non-commercial Site. Tiger Els, L.p. has 1 employees and estimated revenues of $66,000.00. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







T

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.





















Daifuku Webb Buys Elite Line Services - PE Hub
























































SUBSCRIBE TO PE HUB WIRE
Join over 60,000 of your peers
Get the must-read email for PE/VC professionals delivered to your inbox daily
        — for free!







US Edition (daily)



Canada Edition (weekly)


We will not send you spam, and we don't share your email address with 3rd parties.


I accept the Terms and Conditions




SUBSCRIBE YES! No






RegisterSign in



A Community for Professionals in Private Capital



































Daifuku Webb Buys Elite Line Services


November 2, 2012
By Staff Report
 Follow @buyouts


Print
Email





Share via email


Separate multiple email addresses with commas

Share
Send me a copy



Email preview

To: 
From: 
Subject: Look at this story on PE HUB
Daifuku Webb Buys Elite Line Services
Daifuku Webb Holding Co. has acquired Elite Line Services from G&T Conveyor Company. G&T is majority owned by Brynwood Partners IV L.P., a private equity fund. Terms of the deal were not released. Elite Line Services provides operations and maintenance support for baggage handling systems, passenger boarding bridges, vehicle fleet and ground support equipment at airports.
Continue reading on PE HUB
 writes: 



















Daifuku Webb Holding Co. has acquired Elite Line Services from G&T Conveyor Company. G&T is majority owned by Brynwood Partners IV L.P., a private equity fund. Terms of the deal were not released. Elite Line Services provides operations and maintenance support for baggage handling systems, passenger boarding bridges, vehicle fleet and ground support equipment at airports.
PRESS RELEASE
Daifuku Webb Holding Company, a subsidiary of Daifuku Co., Ltd., completed the purchase of all equity of Elite Line Services, LLC (ELS) from G&T Conveyor Company, Inc. G&T is majority owned by Brynwood Partners IV L.P., a private equity fund. ELS will operate as a subsidiary of Daifuku Webb within the Daifuku Group. ELS has more than 800 employees who will continue to provide operations and maintenance support for baggage handling systems, passenger boarding bridges, vehicle fleet and ground support equipment at airports.
“ELS will continue to offer the same high-quality service it always has to airports across North America,” said Brian Stewart, President & Co-CEO of Daifuku Webb Holding Company. “The only change is it now has the support of a $2-billion organization and one of the largest airport baggage handling system providers in the world.”
“We are thrilled to be part of the Daifuku Webb team, who has worked hard over the years to earn a solid reputation in the airport baggage handling industry,” said Mike Conner, Vice President General Manager of ELS. “We are looking forward to sharing resources and improving our service to customers.” 





The management team for ELS remains in place, and it will continue to be headquartered in Carrollton, Texas.
“Daifuku Webb is committed to supporting ELS employees and customers, as well as to growing all of its maintenance business segments,” said Ken Hamel, Sr. Vice President of Airport Systems for Jervis B. Webb Company. “We hope to leverage the skills, knowledge and relationships of all Daifuku Group Companies to provide the best baggage handling systems and service in the industry.”
In April 2010, Daifuku Co., Ltd. launched a three-year business plan called “Material Handling and Beyond,” where it expressed a commitment to position the airport baggage handling business as one of its core businesses. Jervis B. Webb Company, a subsidiary of Daifuku Webb, provides airport baggage handling systems primarily in North America. In 2011, the Group completed the purchase of Logan Teleflex, another leading baggage handling company with locations in the United Kingdom, France and the U.S.
About Daifuku Co., Ltd.
Daifuku Co., Ltd. is the world’s top manufacturer and supplier of automated material handling systems and software to the automotive, semiconductor and LCD equipment, and general industry markets. Daifuku is headquartered in Osaka, Japan, with sales and service offices throughout the world. The Company was founded in 1937.
About Daifuku Webb Holding Company
Daifuku Webb Holding Company, a subsidiary of Daifuku Co. Ltd., is a leading developer of innovative material handling technology such as Automatic Guided Vehicles (AGVs), Automated Storage and Retrieval Systems (AS/RS), conveyors, baggage handling systems, bulk handling systems, and cleanroom systems. Daifuku Webb specializes in the design, engineering, manufacturing, installation and support of integrated systems used in the automotive, airport, semiconductor, LCD equipment, food/beverage, warehousing and manufacturing industries. Daifuku Webb is headquartered in Farmington Hills, Mich., with manufacturing locations throughout North America. 





About G&T Conveyor Company, Inc.
G&T Conveyor Company, Inc. is the largest privately held turnkey Baggage Handling Systems manufacturer in the United States. G&T is headquartered in Tavares, Florida and is the parent company of The Horsley Company (Salt Lake City, UT) and Star Systems (Carrollton, TX). G&T is majority owned by Brynwood Partners IV L.P., a private equity firm based in Greenwich, Connecticut.

Print
Email





Share via email


Separate multiple email addresses with commas

Share
Send me a copy



Email preview

To: 
From: 
Subject: Look at this story on PE HUB
Daifuku Webb Buys Elite Line Services
Daifuku Webb Holding Co. has acquired Elite Line Services from G&T Conveyor Company. G&T is majority owned by Brynwood Partners IV L.P., a private equity fund. Terms of the deal were not released. Elite Line Services provides operations and maintenance support for baggage handling systems, passenger boarding bridges, vehicle fleet and ground support equipment at airports.
Continue reading on PE HUB
 writes: 














Take your pick!

Buyouts delivers exclusive news and analysis about private equity deals, fundraising, top-quartile managers and more. Get your FREE trial or subscribe now.
VC Journal provides exclusive news and analysis about venture capital deals, fundraising, top-quartile investors and more. Get your FREE trial or subscribe now. 
 









Sign up to our Newsletter

Receive updates from our PE HUB Wire and Top Stories of the Week newsletters:


First Name:



Last Name:



Email Address:




US Edition (daily)



Canada Edition (weekly)


We will not send you spam, and we don't share your email address with 3rd parties.


I accept the Terms and Conditions









You are now subscribed to the PEHub Wire and Top Stories of the Week newsletters. 




Buyouts Insider/Argosy Group LLC produces several free newsletters that are sent directly to the email you provide at registration (namely, PE Hub Wire, PE Hub Canada Wire, PE Hub Wire Top Story of the Week, Buyouts Daily, and VCJ Alert). To enable us to keep providing these services free of charge, we reserve the right to contact you with special invitations to sample or purchase private equity-related products. 
By submitting this free subscription request for any of these products, you are also consenting to this communication. Should you ever wish to unsubscribe from a particular communication you may activate the unsubscribe mechanism at the bottom of the email. This will discontinue both the special invitations mentioned previously, as well as your subscription to the weekly newsletter. The information you provide will be safeguarded by Argosy Group LLC/Buyouts Insider. The company’s subsidiaries may use it to keep you informed of relevant products and services. We occasionally allow reputable companies outside of the company to mail details of products which may be of interest to you. As an international group, we may transfer your data on a global basis for the purposes indicated above. 
WE WILL NEVER SHARE YOUR EMAIL OR CONTACT DETAILS WITH ANY OUTSIDE COMPANY HOWEVER.

			    Should you have any questions please do not hesitate to contact us: [email protected].
	    	

 




Top Posts New oil and gas company Native racks up $140 mln
by Iris Dorbian

KKR to buy Nature’s Bounty from Carlyle
by Luisa Beltran

BlackRock leads funding round for fintech platform iCapital
by Iris Dorbian

Platinum Equity to buy United Site Services
by Luisa Beltran

The PE HUB Podcast, Episode Two
by Staff Report

Private Equity Jobs of the Week: Priceline, KPMG, NovaQuest are hiring
by Eamon Murphy

The carve-out curveball
by peHUBlogger Network

Raymond James expands team with new hire
by Iris Dorbian

 































	Bentley Software Subscriptions for AECO Professionals














































We use cookies to provide you with the best possible user experience. If you continue to use the site without changing your cookie settings, we assume you are fine with our cookies and the way we use them. The cookies store information about how you use our website, and help you use some of the functions on the site. Our cookies do not store any sensitive information, and we never use your cookies for targeted advertising. If you want, you can change your computer’s settings so that it does not accept cookies. We have information here on how you can do that.

                Continue































                    Bentley Subscription Programs
                


                    Enabling project delivery and asset performance
                












Home



                    >
                


Subscriptions




































        
        Subscriptions from Bentley 
    






No matter what your organization’s role in the project delivery or operation of infrastructure, you will benefit from innovative subscription programs that will help you get the most out of your Bentley software and services. 
Our subscriptions help you cover all your software including your application licenses, hosted or on-premises services, and cloud-services.  To help get your software implemented and your users be productive, you can also include learning and managed services in your subscription plan.  All of our programs are designed to ensure that your team is equipped to do their work and receives timely support from a world-class team of infrastructure experts. 















































            SELECT
        








Superior Service for Your Applications

With SELECT, you will benefit from 24/7/365 support, continuous updates and enhancements, and learning resources for all of your Bentley applications. If you prefer not to purchase perpetual licenses or want flexibility in managing peak workloads, you can use term licenses to subscribe to the applications you need. SELECT term licenses allow you to adjust your application mix at any time and pay only for what you use at the end of each calendar quarter. 

Learn More



            Enterprise License Subscription
        








Annual Subscription for Applications

Our Enterprise License Subscription (ELS) offers access to Bentley’s entire application portfolio, 24/7/365 support, continuous updates and enhancements, and learning resources for all of your Bentley applications, all for a single annual fee. The fee is set according to your level of usage, which is measured throughout the year and used as the basis to determine the fee for the subsequent year. You may continually adjust your application mix to reflect changing needs across your projects and your enterprise with unlimited access to any Bentley application. The learning benefit of your subscription aids rapid on-boarding, fast project start-up, and increased user productivity. 

Learn More



            Cloud Services Subscription
        








Comprehensive Annual Subscription

Our Cloud Services Subscription is a comprehensive annual subscription for applications, hosted and on premise services, cloud services, and managed services. The Cloud Services Subscription is set to an annual commitment that matches your anticipated budgeted usage. Only software and services actually used will be charged to the subscription balance. With a Cloud Services Subscription, any unused balance can be applied to the subsequent year, so you will never lose your unused balance. 

Learn More








































  














