

Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Selkirk Products LLC: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback























selkirk products llc
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: Financials
Industry: Institutional Financial Svcs
Sub-Industry: Institutional Brokerage
Selkirk Products LLC was founded in 2017. The company's line of business includes buying and selling commodity contracts on either a spot and future basis for their own account and for the account of others.




Corporate Information
Address:

206 E Ind Ave Ste 207a
Coeur D Alene, ID 83814
United States


Phone:
1-208-699-7971


Fax:
-























From The Web












Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data

































﻿






























Selkirk Management LLC Decreases Position in The Priceline Group Inc. (PCLN) - Stock Observer













































 















 



  
 
  





















Daily Ratings & News for The Priceline Group Inc.
        	Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor The Priceline Group Inc. with our free daily email newsletter:



 





Follow @StormInvestor







Recent Posts

Capstone Mining Corp (CS) Earns “Outperform” Rating from BMO Capital Markets
Citigroup Inc. Boosts Progressive Corporation (The) (NYSE:PGR) Price Target to $46.00
UnitedHealth Group Incorporated (NYSE:UNH) Price Target Raised to $197.00
Genesis Energy, L.P.’s (NYSE:GEL) Neutral Rating Reiterated at Robert W. Baird
Superconductor Technologies Inc. (NASDAQ:SCON) Cut to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research
Brokerages Set Annaly Capital Management Inc (NLY) Target Price at $11.14
Rolls-Royce Holdings PLC (RYCEY) Receives Consensus Rating of “Hold” from Brokerages
Urban Outfitters, Inc. (URBN) Given Consensus Rating of “Hold” by Brokerages
Analysts Set Dr. Reddy’s Laboratories Ltd (RDY) Price Target at $41.90
Selkirk Management LLC Decreases Position in The Priceline Group Inc. (PCLN)
Salem Investment Counselors Inc. Boosts Stake in McKesson Corporation (NYSE:MCK)
Bainco International Investors Boosts Position in EOG Resources, Inc. (EOG)
Harbour Capital Advisors LLC Buys 1,650 Shares of EOG Resources, Inc. (NYSE:EOG)
BHP Billiton Limited (BHP) Rating Lowered to Buy at BidaskClub
Texas Instruments Sees Unusually Large Options Volume (NASDAQ:TXN)
Paloma Partners Management Co Invests $132,000 in The KEYW Holding Corporation (NASDAQ:KEYW)
Melco Resorts & Entertainment (NASDAQ:MPEL) Receives Daily News Impact Score of -0.10
Kimco Realty Corporation (KIM) Earns Daily Coverage Optimism Score of 0.56
Mn Services Vermogensbeheer B.V. Purchases 7,807 Shares of The Middleby Corporation (NASDAQ:MIDD)
Mn Services Vermogensbeheer B.V. Takes Position in BCE, Inc. (BCE)



 


Selkirk Management LLC Decreases Position in The Priceline Group Inc. (PCLN)

					Posted by Brian Himes on Jul 27th, 2017 // No Comments 



Selkirk Management LLC lowered its stake in shares of  The Priceline Group Inc. (NASDAQ:PCLN) by 5.7% during the first quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The firm owned 5,000 shares of the business services provider’s stock after selling 300 shares during the period. The Priceline Group makes up   4.7% of Selkirk Management LLC’s holdings, making the stock its 11th largest position. Selkirk Management LLC’s holdings in The Priceline Group were worth $8,900,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. 
Other institutional investors have also recently made changes to their positions in the company. Hartford Financial Management Inc. purchased a new position in shares of  The Priceline Group during the first quarter valued at $106,000.  Webster Bank N. A. raised its position in shares of  The Priceline Group by 24.0% in the first quarter. Webster Bank N. A. now owns 62 shares of the business services provider’s stock valued at $110,000 after buying an additional 12 shares during the period.  Assetmark Inc. raised its position in shares of  The Priceline Group by 12.5% in the first quarter. Assetmark Inc. now owns 63 shares of the business services provider’s stock valued at $112,000 after buying an additional 7 shares during the period.  Migdal Insurance & Financial Holdings Ltd. purchased a new position in shares of  The Priceline Group during the fourth quarter valued at $118,000.  Finally, Signature Estate & Investment Advisors LLC purchased a new position in shares of  The Priceline Group during the first quarter valued at $123,000. 95.23% of the stock is owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. 


 Get The Priceline Group Inc. alerts:



Shares of The Priceline Group Inc. (PCLN) opened at 2033.21 on Thursday. The firm’s 50-day moving average price is $1,901.52 and its 200-day moving average price is $1,774.60. The stock has a market cap of $99.92 billion, a P/E ratio of 45.90 and a beta of 1.41. The Priceline Group Inc. has a 52-week low of $1,310.00 and a 52-week high of $2,037.00. 




The Priceline Group (NASDAQ:PCLN) last announced its earnings results on Tuesday, May 9th. The business services provider reported $9.88 earnings per share for the quarter, beating the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $8.83 by $1.05. The company had revenue of $2.42 billion during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $2.45 billion. The Priceline Group had a net margin of 20.12% and a return on equity of 33.94%. The Priceline Group’s revenue was up 12.6% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period last year, the firm earned $10.54 earnings per share.  Equities analysts predict that  The Priceline Group Inc. will post $73.94 EPS for the current year. 
TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: This article was  posted by Stock Observer and is the sole property of of Stock Observer. If you are accessing this article on another domain, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of U.S. & international copyright and trademark legislation. The legal version of this article can be viewed at https://www.thestockobserver.com/2017/07/27/selkirk-management-llc-decreases-position-in-the-priceline-group-inc-pcln.html. 
Several equities analysts have weighed in on PCLN shares. Needham & Company LLC  reissued a “buy” rating and set a $2,200.00 price objective on shares of The Priceline Group in a report on Wednesday, May 10th. Macquarie  set a $1,970.00 price objective on The Priceline Group and gave the company a “buy” rating in a report on Tuesday, April 18th. Credit Suisse Group  set a $1,935.00 price objective on The Priceline Group and gave the company a “buy” rating in a report on Saturday, April 8th. UBS AG  reissued a “buy” rating and set a $2,100.00 price objective (up from $1,870.00) on shares of The Priceline Group in a report on Thursday, May 11th. Finally, Benchmark Co.  reissued a “buy” rating and set a $2,050.00 price objective (up from $1,900.00) on shares of The Priceline Group in a report on Sunday, May 14th. One investment analyst  has rated the stock with a sell rating, five have assigned  a hold rating, twenty-six have given a buy rating and one  has assigned  a strong buy rating to the stock. The company currently has an average rating of “Buy” and a consensus price target of $1,944.62.
In other The Priceline Group news, Director Jan L. Docter sold 1,500 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Tuesday, May 30th. The shares were sold at an average price of $1,857.67, for a total value of $2,786,505.00. Following the completion of the sale, the director now directly owns 346 shares in the company, valued at $642,753.82. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which is available through this hyperlink. Also, CEO Gillian Tans sold 122 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Friday, July 14th. The shares were sold at an average price of $1,949.47, for a total transaction of $237,835.34. Following the completion of the sale, the chief executive officer now owns 5,922 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $11,544,761.34. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Over the last 90 days, insiders sold 1,744 shares of company stock valued at $3,245,648. 0.42% of the stock is owned by insiders. 
About The Priceline Group
The Priceline Group Inc is a provider of travel and restaurant online reservation and related services. The Company, through its online travel companies (OTCs), connects consumers wishing to make travel reservations with providers of travel services across the world. It offers consumers an array of accommodation reservations (including hotels, bed and breakfasts, hostels, apartments, vacation rentals and other properties) through its Booking.com, priceline.com and agoda.com brands.
Want to see what other hedge funds are holding PCLN? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for The Priceline Group Inc. (NASDAQ:PCLN).







Receive News & Ratings for The Priceline Group Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for The Priceline Group Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 



 























Latest News




Capstone Mining Corp  Earns “Outperform” Rating from BMO Capital Markets





UnitedHealth Group Incorporated  Price Target Raised to $197.00





Citigroup Inc. Boosts Progressive Corporation   Price Target to $46.00





Urban Outfitters, Inc.  Given Consensus Rating of “Hold” by Brokerages





Rolls-Royce Holdings PLC  Receives Consensus Rating of “Hold” from Brokerages





Brokerages Set Annaly Capital Management Inc  Target Price at $11.14






Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name  (Required) 



Mail (will not be published)  (Required) 



Website








 


 

 












































						Selkirk Management Lowered Charter Communication (CHTR) Stake, Vocera Communications (VCRA)'s Sentiment Is 0.98 - Flint Daily								







 






























































Finance
Business
Stock News
Penny Stock News
Contact
Privacy Policy
Comment Policy






Selkirk Management Lowered Charter Communication (CHTR) Stake, Vocera Communications (VCRA)’s Sentiment Is 0.98

July 24, 2017 - By Adrian Mccoy

Vocera Communications, Inc. is a provider of communication solutions for mobile workers in healthcare, hospitality, energy, education and other industries. The company has market cap of $733.31 million. The Company’s divisions include Product and Service. It currently has negative earnings. The Company’s solutions include the Vocera Communication System, Vocera Care Experience, Vocera Engage integration platform, smartphone applications and its Experience Innovation Network.
Selkirk Management Llc decreased Charter Communication (CHTR) stake by 18.4% reported in 2016Q4 SEC filing. Selkirk Management Llc sold 9,200 shares as Charter Communication (CHTR)’s stock declined 3.30%. The Selkirk Management Llc holds 40,800 shares with $11.75 million value, down from 50,000 last quarter. Charter Communication now has $94.38 billion valuation. The stock declined 0.72% or $2.52 reaching $347.55 per share. About 676,536 shares traded. Charter Communications, Inc. (NASDAQ:CHTR) has risen 38.76% since July 24, 2016 and is uptrending. It has outperformed by 22.06% the S&P500.







Manatuck Hill Partners Llc holds 4.22% of its portfolio in Vocera Communications Inc for 466,000 shares. Awm Investment Company Inc. owns 951,427 shares or 3.45% of their US portfolio. Moreover, Wall Street Associates has 1.32% invested in the company for 107,980 shares. The Maryland-based Brown Capital Management Llc has invested 1.16% in the stock. White Pine Capital Llc, a Minnesota-based fund reported 129,900 shares.
Since January 1, 0001, it had 0 buys, and 15 sales for $10.80 million activity. 
 About 58,145 shares traded. Vocera Communications Inc (VCRA) has risen 138.43% since July 24, 2016 and is uptrending. It has outperformed by 121.73% the S&P500.
Analysts await Vocera Communications Inc (NYSE:VCRA) to report earnings on July, 27 after the close. They expect $-0.19 EPS, down 111.11% or $0.10 from last year’s $-0.09 per share. After $-0.19 actual EPS reported by Vocera Communications Inc for the previous quarter, Wall Street now forecasts 0.00% EPS growth. 
Among 23 analysts covering Charter Comm (NASDAQ:CHTR), 16 have Buy rating, 0 Sell and 7 Hold. Therefore 70% are positive. Charter Comm had 38 analyst reports since August 5, 2015 according to SRatingsIntel. The rating was initiated by RBC Capital Markets with “Outperform” on Tuesday, December 6. The stock of Charter Communications, Inc. (NASDAQ:CHTR) earned “Overweight” rating by JP Morgan on Thursday, February 25. The stock has “Hold” rating by Oppenheimer on Thursday, June 1. The rating was maintained by RBC Capital Markets with “Buy” on Friday, July 7. The rating was maintained by Macquarie Research with “Buy” on Wednesday, July 12. The rating was initiated by HSBC on Thursday, January 19 with “Hold”. The company was maintained on Thursday, June 16 by Citigroup. Barclays Capital maintained Charter Communications, Inc. (NASDAQ:CHTR) on Tuesday, August 16 with “Equal-Weight” rating. Bank of America initiated Charter Communications, Inc. (NASDAQ:CHTR) on Tuesday, August 2 with “Buy” rating. The rating was maintained by Telsey Advisory Group with “Outperform” on Monday, October 10.
Investors sentiment increased to 0.43 in Q4 2016. Its up 0.34, from 0.09 in 2016Q3. It increased, as 1 investors sold CHTR shares while 6 reduced holdings. 1 funds opened positions while 2 raised stakes. 368,729 shares or 78.10% more from 207,035 shares in 2016Q3 were reported. Kemnay Advisory Serv invested in 4.6% or 22,331 shares. Eqis Management Incorporated invested in 0.02% or 1,273 shares. Cibc World Markets Corporation has 0.85% invested in Charter Communications, Inc. (NASDAQ:CHTR). Burney has invested 0.04% of its portfolio in Charter Communications, Inc. (NASDAQ:CHTR). Covey Advisors Ltd Co has 1.23% invested in Charter Communications, Inc. (NASDAQ:CHTR). 40,800 were accumulated by Selkirk Mgmt Ltd Liability. 452 are owned by Eidelman Virant Capital. Dorsey Whitney Tru Ltd Limited Liability Company owns 1,427 shares. Burt Wealth holds 0.09% or 352 shares. Private Ocean Ltd has invested 0% in Charter Communications, Inc. (NASDAQ:CHTR). Wellington Shields Cap Mgmt Limited has 2,723 shares for 0.13% of their portfolio.
Since February 21, 2017, it had 0 insider purchases, and 3 selling transactions for $8.76 million activity. Jacobson Craig A also sold $323,617 worth of Charter Communications, Inc. (NASDAQ:CHTR) on Wednesday, May 10. The insider Hargis Jonathan sold $1.95 million.
Analysts await Charter Communications, Inc. (NASDAQ:CHTR) to report earnings on July, 27 before the open. They expect $0.78 earnings per share, down 21.21% or $0.21 from last year’s $0.99 per share. CHTR’s profit will be $211.82M for 111.39 P/E if the $0.78 EPS becomes a reality. After $0.57 actual earnings per share reported by Charter Communications, Inc. for the previous quarter, Wall Street now forecasts 36.84% EPS growth. 


Receive News & Ratings Via Email - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings with our FREE daily email newsletter.











 





Free Email Newsletter Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for your stocks with our free daily email newsletter:






  Recent Posts 

TrueCar (TRUE) Reaches $19.81 After 4.00% Down Move; Ames National (ATLO) Shorts Increased By 2.81%


Papp L Roy & Associates Has Boosted Costco Whsl New (COST) Stake By $1.39 Million, Boston Beer Co Has 1.03 Sentiment


As Anthem (ANTM) Stock Rose, Holder State Of Wisconsin Investment Board Lowered by $4.35 Million Its Position, United Bank Continues to Hold Stake in Amgen (AMGN)


Dynasil of America (DYSL) Trades at $1.20 After Triangle, Syntel Has 0.67 Sentiment


State Of Wisconsin Investment Board Stake in Bristol Myers Squibb Co (BMY) Raised by $7.27 Million; Wolverine Asset Management Has Lowered Royal Caribbean Cruises LTD (RCL) Stake by $384,000; Stock Rose


Anchor Capital Advisors Has Lifted By $763,554 Its Comcast New (CMCSA) Holding, Ameriserv Financial (ASRV) Shorts Lowered By 11.06%


As Salesforce Com (CRM) Stock Rose, Suvretta Capital Management Has Increased Holding; Procter & Gamble Co (PG) Holding Has Upped by Truepoint Inc


National Storage Affiliates Trust (NSA) Reaches $23.07 After 9.00% Up Move, 10 Analysts Are Bullish O’Reilly Automotive (ORLY) Last Week


Mastercard Cl A (MA) Market Value Rose While Reynders Mcveigh Capital Management Has Decreased Stake, As Yrc Worldwide  (YRCW) Valuation Declined, Lasry Marc Decreased Its Stake


Endeavour Silver (EDR) Analysts See $0.02 EPS; Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft (DB) Sellers Decreased By 4.68% Their Shorts






© Copyright 2011-2017 Flint Daily










Get the Next Big Winner in your inbox Before the Bell

Lists*Consumer Eagle























﻿






























Selkirk Management LLC Has $9,023,000 Position in NewStar Financial, Inc. (NASDAQ:NEWS) - Stock Observer













































 















 



  
 
  





















Daily Ratings & News for NewStar Financial Inc.
        	Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor NewStar Financial Inc. with our free daily email newsletter:



 





Follow @StormInvestor







Recent Posts

Just Group PLC (JRP) Given “Overweight” Rating at Barclays PLC
Imperial Brands PLC (IMT) PT Set at GBX 3,800 by Citigroup Inc.
Critical Contrast: Myers Industries (MYE) vs. AptarGroup (ATR)
Fuller, Smith & Turner plc (FSTA) Earns Add Rating from Peel Hunt
Bojangles’, Inc. (NASDAQ:BOJA) Sets New 52-Week Low at $13.33
CommScope Holding Company, Inc. (NASDAQ:COMM) Position Raised by State Street Corp
Debenhams Plc (DEB) Price Target Cut to GBX 47 by Analysts at Jefferies Group LLC
Cobham plc’s (COB) “Equal weight” Rating Reiterated at Barclays PLC
Canaccord Genuity Increases Brewin Dolphin Holdings plc (BRW) Price Target to GBX 335
Numis Securities Ltd Raises Ascential PLC (ASCL) Price Target to GBX 405
FY2017 EPS Estimates for SunTrust Banks, Inc. Boosted by Analyst (STI)
Laredo Petroleum, Inc. (LPI) Forecasted to Post Q4 2017 Earnings of $0.16 Per Share
Insider Selling: Synnex Corporation (SNX) Director Sells 3,000 Shares of Stock
PDL BioPharma, Inc. (PDLI) Sees Significant Growth in Short Interest
Short Interest in Seagate Technology PLC (STX) Increases By 6.6%
ServisFirst Bancshares, Inc. (SFBS) Releases Quarterly  Earnings Results, Beats Expectations By $0.02 EPS
Brokerages Set ARMOUR Residential REIT, Inc. (ARR) Price Target at $20.96
Brokers Set Expectations for Encana Corp’s FY2017 Earnings (ECA)
Asbury Automotive Group Inc (ABG) Forecasted to Earn FY2017 Earnings of $6.28 Per Share
FTI Consulting, Inc. (NYSE:FCN) Updates FY17 Earnings Guidance



 


Selkirk Management LLC Has $9,023,000 Position in NewStar Financial, Inc. (NASDAQ:NEWS)

					Posted by Brenda Bartman on Jul 19th, 2017 // No Comments 



Selkirk Management LLC maintained its stake in  NewStar Financial, Inc. (NASDAQ:NEWS) during the first quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The fund owned 852,811 shares of the credit services provider’s stock at the end of the first quarter. NewStar Financial accounts for about  4.8% of Selkirk Management LLC’s holdings, making the stock its 10th largest position. Selkirk Management LLC owned 2.03% of NewStar Financial worth $9,023,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. 
Other large investors have also recently added to or reduced their stakes in the company. Bank of New York Mellon Corp boosted its position in shares of  NewStar Financial by 7.6% in the first quarter. Bank of New York Mellon Corp now owns 108,880 shares of the credit services provider’s stock valued at $1,152,000 after buying an additional 7,713 shares in the last quarter.  Algert Global LLC bought a new position in shares of  NewStar Financial during the first quarter valued at $123,000.  LSV Asset Management bought a new position in shares of  NewStar Financial during the first quarter valued at $287,000.  Wells Fargo & Company MN boosted its position in shares of  NewStar Financial by 67.9% in the first quarter. Wells Fargo & Company MN now owns 24,767 shares of the credit services provider’s stock valued at $262,000 after buying an additional 10,019 shares in the last quarter.  Finally, DUPONT CAPITAL MANAGEMENT Corp bought a new position in shares of  NewStar Financial during the first quarter valued at $313,000. 73.57% of the stock is owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. 


 Get NewStar Financial Inc. alerts:



Shares of NewStar Financial, Inc. (NASDAQ NEWS) opened at 11.02 on Wednesday. NewStar Financial, Inc. has a 52-week low of $8.03 and a 52-week high of $11.37. The stock has a market capitalization of $463.64 million, a PE ratio of 19.68 and a beta of 2.01. The stock has a 50 day moving average price of $10.34 and a 200-day moving average price of $9.99. 




NewStar Financial (NASDAQ:NEWS) last posted its quarterly earnings results on Wednesday, May 3rd. The credit services provider reported $0.03 EPS for the quarter, missing the consensus estimate of $0.19 by $0.16. The business had revenue of $20.14 million during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $26.27 million. NewStar Financial had a net margin of 8.98% and a return on equity of 3.91%.  On average, equities research analysts anticipate that  NewStar Financial, Inc. will post $0.54 EPS for the current fiscal year. 
WARNING: This article was originally  reported by Stock Observer and is owned by of Stock Observer. If you are accessing this article on another publication, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of US & international copyright & trademark law. The original version of this article can be viewed at https://www.thestockobserver.com/2017/07/19/selkirk-management-llc-has-9023000-stake-in-newstar-financial-inc-news-updated-updated-updated.html. 
NEWS has been the subject of several recent research reports. ValuEngine upgraded NewStar Financial from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating in a research report on Saturday, May 20th. Zacks Investment Research upgraded NewStar Financial from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $12.00 price target for the company in a research report on Tuesday, July 11th. TheStreet upgraded NewStar Financial from a “d” rating to a “c-” rating in a research report on Monday, April 3rd. Finally, Keefe, Bruyette & Woods  set a $11.00 price target on NewStar Financial and gave the company a “hold” rating in a research report on Monday, April 10th.
NewStar Financial Company Profile
NewStar Financial, Inc (NewStar) is a commercial finance company. The Company operates through two segments: Commercial Lending and Asset Management. The Commercial Lending segment represents its direct lending activities, which are focused on providing a range of flexible senior secured debt options to mid-sized companies.







Receive News & Ratings for NewStar Financial Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for NewStar Financial Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 



 























Latest News




Just Group PLC  Given “Overweight” Rating at Barclays PLC





Imperial Brands PLC  PT Set at GBX 3,800 by Citigroup Inc.





Fuller, Smith & Turner plc  Earns Add Rating from Peel Hunt





Critical Contrast: Myers Industries  vs. AptarGroup 





Bojangles’, Inc.  Sets New 52-Week Low at $13.33





CommScope Holding Company, Inc.  Position Raised by State Street Corp






Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name  (Required) 



Mail (will not be published)  (Required) 



Website








 


 

 












































Selkirk Management LLC - Relationship Science



























































                      NEWS HOME
                    

Advertising
Board and Executive Moves
Energy
Health Care
Hedge Funds
M & A
Private Equity
Technology








            You have  
            
9 free profiles

              left this month   
			      

                Start Your Free Trial ➤
              








            Hey, we noticed you're a RelSci Pro subscriber! Would you like to view the page there?
            

                View on RelSci Pro ➤
              




























































































































Email







LinkedIn







Facebook







Google+







Tweet







Reddit





Permalink





Selkirk Management LLC



Overview
In The News Executives & Employees Paths
Holdings & Top Positions



Selkirk Management LLC



 OVERVIEW



Date Founded


2008




Headquarters


1 Main Street, Suite 202, Chatham, NJ 07928-2426




Employees (Worldwide)


4




Industries


Hedge Funds

Investment Services & Portfolio Management




Company Description


Selkirk Management seeks to achieve superior, long-term, risk-adjusted returns. The firm primarily takes long and short positions in the common stock and equity-like instruments of publicly traded companies in various sectors of the economy, both in the US and internationally. Stock selection is based on valuation sensitive, fundamental analysis employing the firm's various analysis frameworks.






 In The News
          See more






See full news coverage and complete stories with RelSci Professional.

Create Your News Feed








See  More 





 Executives & Employees



Jed A. Bowen

Chief Financial Officer, Chief Compliance Officer




Christian Todd Amundsen

Managing Member





Redmond Strawbridge

Managing Member




Stewart Strawbridge

Managing Member





Thomas Gordon Oatman

Managing Member






 Paths to Selkirk Management LLC



                        Selkirk Management LLC                    




 You



 Connections via Relationship Science



 Selkirk Management LLC






Sync your contacts to see how you can connect with Selkirk Management LLC.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Holdings & Top Positions






Restricted data only for RelSci Professional users.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 



You've reached your 10 free profiles limit this month.
Upgrade to RelSci Pro today to enjoy unlimited article views and much more!

Start My Free Trial  ➤

Still not convinced? Check out our full listing of features here.















Are you a RelSci Pro Subscriber?

Login to RelSci Pro 
                        ➤


Not a Pro Subscriber? Log in here to manage your alerts









 Keep me signed in.
        

Login  ➤



        Forgot your Password?
    

























 I have read the LexisNexis terms & conditions




Sign Me Up  ➤















SELKIRK MANAGEMENT, LLC - WELLSVILLE, UT - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



UT



WELLSVILLE



Management Services



Management Services



                            SELKIRK MANAGEMENT, LLC
                                    



 





















S 


SELKIRK MANAGEMENT, LLC
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



599 N 850 E WELLSVILLE, UT 84339
Get Directions








Business Info



 Founded --
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $83,000.00
 Employee Count 2
 Industries Management Services
 Contacts 







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message










VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







S

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.





















Selkirk Management LLC | Selkirk Management LLC Portfolio - 2017 Stock Picks and Performances 





























Home




 Homepage


 Membership Levels


 Membership Data Coverage


 Complete Stock List


 Founder's Message


 The Book


 FREE Trial






Screeners


Value Screens 


 All-In-One Screener


 Industry Overview


 Ben Graham Net-Net


 Undervalued Predictable


 Buffett-Munger Screener


 Magic Formula (Greenblatt)


 Historical Low P/S List


 Historical Low P/B List


 Peter Lynch Screen


 High Short Interest


 52-Week/3Y/5Y Lows


 52-Week/3Y/5Y Highs


 Predictable Companies


 S&P 500 Grid


 Dividend Stocks


 Spin Off List




Downloads | Tools


  Excel Add-In GURUF


 Manual of Stocks™


 Download Financial Data


 Download Guru Portfolios


 Download Stock PDFs


 Download Insider Data


  API


 Mobile App




Strategies


 Performances


 Buffett-Munger


 Undervalued Predictable


 Low P/S


 Low P/B


 Broadest Owned


 Most Weighted






Gurus




 Latest Guru Picks


 Real Time Picks


 List of Gurus (Personalize)


 Gurus Portfolios


 Scoreboard


 Top 10 Holdings View


 Sector Picks


 International Picks


 Aggregated Portfolio


 Consensus Picks


 Guru Bargains


 Hot Picks


 Industry Trends


 Geographic Trend


 ETFs


 Options


 European Shorting






Insiders




 All Insiders


 CEO Buys/Sales


 CFO Buys/Sales


 Insider Cluster


 Guru+Insider Double Buys


 Triple Buys/Sales


 Insider Trends


 Canadian Insider


 Dutch Insider






Market


Market Valuation


 Economic Data


 Industry Overview


 Market-Cap/GDP Valuation


 Global Market Valuation


 Shiller P/E


 Shiller P/E By Sectors


 Buffett Assets Allocation




By Country


 USA


 Australia


 Canada


 China


 Germany


 India


 Japan


 UK


 More...






Articles


Articles


 Editor's Picks


 GuruFocus Research


 Value Ideas


 Interviews with Gurus


 Top Ranked


 Value Idea Contest


 Videos


 Following Authors




Submit Articles


 Writers Wanted


 Value Contest Winners


 Submit Articles Online


 My Articles






Conference




 Value Conference


 Speakers


 Location/Venue


 Register


 After Conference Gathering (Free Drinks)






Tutorials




 Tutorials & Webinars


 FAQ


 Contact Us






Log In




 Free Sign-up


 Log In


 7-Day Free Trial 






Subscribe




 Free Trial ($399/Year)


 Refer a Friend & Earn $50














Warren Buffett


Bruce Berkowitz


George Soros


Seth Klarman


David Tepper


John Paulson


David Einhorn


Mohnish Pabrai


Prem Watsa


Bill Ackman


Joel Greenblatt


Carl Icahn


Arnold Schneider


Arnold Van Den Berg


Barrow, Hanley, Mewhinney & Strauss


Bill Ackman


Bill Gates


Bill Nygren


Bruce Berkowitz


Carl Icahn


Full Gurus List




Gurus List





Search
Compare

Search ▾










Get 7-Day Free Trial



My Portfolios▾
                        
Portfolios Overview
Create New Portfolio
Portfolio Contest


My Gurus▾
                        
Quick Browse
Personalize

My Gurus

Premium Gurus 
Premium Plus Investors 























Selkirk Management LLC 

                Last Update: 05-17-2017 
            





                    Number of Stocks: 21

                    Number of New Stocks: 3




                    Total Value: $303 Mil

                    Q/Q Turnover: 40%


Countries:
                
 











This content requires JavaScript.

Details: Top Buys | Top Sales | Top Holdings  Embed:  



Bookmark

Print


Tweet















Bookmark Name:









			This page was added to your Bookmark.
		



Members Only. Please Sign Up or Log In first.




			Bookmark of this page has been deleted.
		




Add to Personalized Guru List
Remove from Personalized Guru List
RSS Update




LatestStock PicksCurrent PortfolioProfile/PerformanceSector Weighting




Selkirk Management LLC has been successfully added into your Personalized Guru List.
        



Selkirk Management LLC has been removed from your Personalized Guru List.
        



            This feature is only available for Premium Members, please sign up for
            GuruFocus Premium Membership

7-Day Free Trial Now





Selkirk Management LLC has been successfully added into Guru Email Alerts list.
        



Selkirk Management LLC has been removed from Guru Email Alerts list.
        



This feature is only available for Members, please Sign Up for FREE membership.
                If you have already signed up, please Log In






Selkirk Management LLC's Portfolio is for Premium Plus  Membership subscribers only.

	
	GuruFocus Premium Plus  Membership
(This is a new feature)


 Gain access to the portfolios and trades of ALL 13F filers
 Their trading history
 Aggregated portfolio of any combinations among them
 Email alerts
 Excel Add-in for fully customized data downloads and research
 API for Guru/Insider data downloads (Realtime & historical)


7-Day Free Trial
Learn more








Add Notes, CommentsIf you want to ask a question or report a bug, please create a support ticket.






Select portfolio(s):








                        Create a new portfolio



Why you are interested?



            Your selection and notes will be stored in your portfolio.
        


Login to add portfolio















Get WordPress Plugins for easy affiliate links on Stock Tickers and Guru Names
                    | Earn affiliate commissions by embedding GuruFocus Charts

                                                GuruFocus Affiliate Program: Earn up to $400 per referral.  ( Learn More) 













Home  About   Jobs    Advertise    Site Map    Term of Use    Privacy Policy     RSS    Mobile App     Email Alerts    Referral Program    Affiliate Program    FAQ    Contact Us
                               

                © 2004-2017                GuruFocus.com, LLC. All Rights Reserved.
            


                    Disclaimers: GuruFocus.com is not operated by a broker, a dealer, or a registered investment adviser. Under no circumstances does any information posted on GuruFocus.com represent a recommendation to buy or sell a security. The information on this site, and in its related newsletters, is not intended to be, nor does it constitute, investment advice or recommendations. The gurus may buy and sell securities before and after any particular article and report and information herein is published, with respect to the securities discussed in any article and report posted herein. In no event shall GuruFocus.com be liable to any member, guest or third party for any damages of any kind arising out of the use of any content or other material published or available on GuruFocus.com, or relating to the use of, or inability to use, GuruFocus.com or any content, including, without limitation, any investment losses, lost profits, lost opportunity, special, incidental, indirect, consequential or punitive damages. Past performance is a poor indicator of future performance. The information on this site, and in its related newsletters, is not intended to be, nor does it constitute, investment advice or recommendations. The information on this site is in no way guaranteed for completeness, accuracy or in any other way. The gurus listed in this website are not affiliated with GuruFocus.com, LLC.



                    Stock quotes provided by InterActive Data. Fundamental company data provided by Morningstar, updated daily.


















GF Chat {{numOfNotice}}




























×
Manage BookMarks





Close








FEEDBACK




















SELKIRK MANAGEMENT LLC Top Holdings  

































WhaleWisdom









Search All
Search 13F Filers Only
Search SEC Filer
Search Stocks Only
Search Mgmt Inv. Cos Only
ETFs Only
Search Active




















                      SELKIRK MANAGEMENT LLC
                    

HTTP://WWW.SELKIRKPARTNERS.COM
•   CHATHAM, NJ
                          • Investment Advisor
                          • Hedge Fund
                      
How do I update this listing?




                                             Selkirk Management is based out of Chatham. Selkirk Management is a hedge fund  with  1-10 clients and discretionary assets under management (AUM) of $184,411,000 (Form ADV from 2017-03-30).  Their last reported 13F filing for Q1 2017 included $176,725,000 in managed 13F securities
    and a top 10 holdings concentration of 76.56%. Selkirk Management's largest holding is Celgene Corp. with shares held of 248,250.  Selkirk Management has met the qualifications for inclusion in our WhaleScore system.    WhaleWisdom has at least 19 13F filings in our database for Selkirk Management. 
                                           






Equal-WTWhaleScore
?


66
S&P 500WhaleScore
?



Manager WeightedWhaleScore
?















Summary
13F Holdings
Ind. Managers
Inv. Advisor Info
13D/G
Insider (Form 4)
 WhaleScore History



                Download 13F Summary to Excel
              


                    Download 13F Summary to Excel
                  


   Create Email Alert
 




×
Email Notification.







                   ***Log In or
                   Sign-up
                   to see more advanced email alert options such as selecting any type of
                   SEC form, multiple filers or classes of filers, and much more.***
                 

                    ...or to simply have an email sent to you whenever we receive a new
                           13F filing from SELKIRK MANAGEMENT LLC, enter your
                    email address below and choose 'Submit'.
                

Your email:








Cancel















03/31/2017
Top Buys




Name% Change


QQQ
        
        PowerShares QQQ Tru...
5.618%



GRUB
        
        GRUBHUB INC
1.489%



AXDX
        
        Accelr8 Technology ...
0.783%



Z
        
        Zillow Group Inc Cl...
0.191%



ZG
        
        ZILLOW GROUP INC CL...
0.043%








03/31/2017
Top Sells





Name% Change


GILD
         
         Gilead Sciences Inc.
2.331%


FLT
         
         FleetCor Technologi...
1.579%


MIC
         
         Macquarie Infrastru...
1.52%


EQIX
         
         EQUINIX INC COMMON ...
1.188%


CHTR
         
         Charter Communicati...
1.02%







03/31/2017
13F Holdings Summary




Stock% Port


CELG
                                                  
                                                  Celgene Corp.
17.4791%


EQIX
                                                  
                                                  EQUINIX INC COMMON STOCK RE...
11.3278%


AMZN
                                                  
                                                  Amazon.com Inc.
7.231%


MIC
                                                  
                                                  Macquarie Infrastructure Co...
6.8394%


CHTR
                                                  
                                                  Charter Communications Inc....
6.4456%

See All Holdings






03/31/2017
13F Activity




Market Value
                        $176.725 Million

                        Prior Market Value
                        $157.347 Million
New Purchases3 stocks
Additional Purchases2 stocks
Sold out of1 stock
Reduced holdings in6 stocks
Top 10 Holdings %76.56%
Turnover %
                        [1]:20.00%
Turnover Alt %
                    [2]:8.37%
Time Held Top20:11.70 quarters
Time Held Top10:10.80 quarters
Time Held All:11.90 quarters

[1]:
                  Turnover is calculated by taking the # of new holdings (initial purchases) + the # of positions sold out of (not just reduced) divided by the total # of holdings for the quarter.
                
[2]:
                  Alt Turnover is calculated by taking either the total MV of new purchases or
                   the MV of securities sold, whichever is less,
                   divided by the total MV of the fund.
                






03/31/2017
13F Sector Allocation Over Time











Fund Metrics

You are limited to the prior 8 quarters of 13F filings.
            Subscribe to WhaleWisdom to view all filing data
            for SELKIRK MANAGEMENT LLC






Portfolio Performance
                    Top 20 equal-weighted holdings. Last updated
                      on 2017-06-29 



Performance
                      for Q1 2017:
                    
4.38%


Performance Last 4 Quarters:
20.97%





Performance Metrics




Stdev (5-yrs):
Subscription required
BETA (5-yrs):
Subscription required
ALPHA (3-yrs):
Subscription required


Max Drawdown (all-years):
Subscription required
Annualized Perf (3-yrs):

                          Subscription required
                        
Batting Avg vs S&P. (3-yrs):
Subscription required


Sortino (3-yrs):
Subscription required
Stutzer (3-yrs):
Subscription required
Treynor (3-yrs):
Subscription required


Sterling (3-yrs):
Subscription required
Calmar (3-yrs):
Subscription required
Information Ratio (3-yrs):
Subscription required


Tracking Error (3 yrs):

                          Subscription required
                        
Stdev Down (3-yrs):
Subscription required
Winning Months %:
Subscription required


Losing Months %:
Subscription required
Best 12 Months:
Subscription required
Worst 12 Months:

                          Subscription required
                        


Efficiency Ratio (3-yrs):

                          Subscription required
                        
Sharpe:
Subscription required
Stdev Sectors:
Subscription required


Skewness (3-yrs):
Subscription required
Kurtosis (3-yrs):
Subscription required
Upside Potential (3-yrs):
Subscription required





















Backtester

Use WhaleWisdom's Backtester tool to test how a hypothetical portfolio would have performed with different
        investment strategies. Research one or more filers' performance and then optimize their portfolios to match your
        own investment goals.
Start with one of our predefined groups or create your own.
        View the
        Backtesting Whitepaper
        and the Getting Started page for
        additional help.
      



Take a Tour

           Save Changes to Tracked Backtest
Saving......

GENERATE
      REPORT
At least
      one fund must be selected before running a backtest
    
{{InvalidConfiguration()}}


    {{ErrorMessage}}
  

    "Top # Holding(s) by Dollar Value from each fund's holdings"
    and
    "Top # Holding(s) by Percent Ownership from each fund's holdings"
    are not available when using WhaleScore Filers.
  


Backtester

Use WhaleWisdom's Backtester tool to test how a hypothetical portfolio would have performed with different
        investment strategies. Research one or more filers' performance and then optimize their portfolios to match your
        own investment goals.
View the
        Backtesting Whitepaper
        and the Getting Started page for
        additional help.



GENERATE
      REPORT


    {{ErrorMessage}}
  

    "Top # Holding(s) by Dollar Value from each fund's holdings"
    and
    "Top # Holding(s) by Percent Ownership from each fund's holdings"
    are not available when using WhaleScore Filers.
  




Filers Selected: {{groupinfo.group.description}} - {{groupinfo.group.filers.length}}
      (click to edit)


      {{criteria.whalescore.description}}
      (click to edit)


      Filers being chosen based on prior performance
    
Get started by using: 

WhaleWisdom Fund Groups
WhaleScore Filers

One of your custom groups
Choose Filers by Performance
Log in to use your saved groups
Create new custom group



WhaleWisdom Fund Groups


{{g.filers.length}}

{{g.description}}





Use Heat Map Stocks







{{g.filers.length}}

{{g.description}}






< Back

Select WhaleScore Filers:
WhaleScore filers are chosen based on scores calculated the previous quarter.


Pro Sub. Required

{{o.description}}






< Back

Select Filers by Prior Performance
Filers are selected each quarter based on their prior performance. You can restrict which
      filers are included by using the filters below.



          Pro subscription required to select filers by performance
        


How do you want funds chosen?




Maximum Filers to use each quarter

            

(your subscription allows up to {{Limit}} filers):
Maximum number of filers
              to use exceeed
Maximum filers must set to
              at least 1




Quarterly turnover %






% top 10 concentration






 # of Holdings in 13F
              Portfolio
from:
            
            to
            
{{criteria.filer_performance.holdings_from_to[0]}} - {{criteria.filer_performance.holdings_from_to[1]}}


 Market Cap of Fund's 13F
              Portfolio
from:
            
            to
            

                                                      {{format_number(criteria.filer_performance.mc_from_to[0])}} - {{format_number(criteria.filer_performance.mc_from_to[1])}}
                                                    


 Avg. Time Held Top 10 (quarterly)
from:
            
            to
            

                                                                {{criteria.filer_performance.time_held_top10_from_to[0]}} quarters - {{criteria.filer_performance.time_held_top10_from_to[1]}} quarters
                                                              





Matching filers from latest quarter:
{{FilerPerformanceMatches}}






< Back
{{groupinfo.group.filers.length}}




Backtest options
Optional Stock Filters
Optional Hedging/Advanced



< Back


How do you want stocks selected when rebalancing?  


{{s.description}}
          


5
10
20
30
40
50


 (Pro sub. required)



        "Top # Holding(s) by Dollar Value from each fund's holdings"
        and
        "Top # Holding(s) by Percent Ownership from each fund's holdings"
        are not available when using WhaleScore Filers.
      


(optional) Minimum # of funds holding stock

(optional) Minimum percent of portfolio for each fund


Custom Weight Per Fund (scale of 1 through 10)


{{filer.name}}





Reset Weight



Specify the number of holdings to use



          {{s.description}}
        

          ** Holdings greater than 20 require a Pro level subscription to use. **
        




How do you want available funds allocated among stocks?  








< Back



Restrict Stocks Selected by Stock Market Cap Size?


 {{cap.name}}
                              




Stock Exclusions
Do not include stocks whose price exceeds:

Do not include stocks whose price is less:

Do not include any of the following tickers:
                                                          (comma separated)






ETF Filter
 ETF Holdings Only

 Exclude ETFs


ADR Filter *Pro Only*
 Foreign ADR Only

 Exclude ADRs





Limit Stock Selection to Certain Sectors or Industries? Restrict stocks to those in the selected sector or industry







< Back




Hedging Strategies

Simple Short Exposure. This strategy effectively shorts the S&P 500 by
        buying shares in the S&P 500 Short ETF.
        Simple Hedging will assume that 100%
        of the backtest's invested principal is always in the backtest's long positions.

        For example, if you choose a 25% hedging rate, then for a $10,000 portfolio,
        you will be long $10,000 and have a $2,500 short on the S&P 500.
        The short position will adjust each rebalancing period to match 25% of the total portfolio.
        Any gains/losses from the short are added to the overall available capital for the long positions in the
        portfolio.
      

Moving Average Hedge.  With this strategy, your portfolio will be hedged
        by shorting the S&P 500 whenever your long portfolio's performance drops below the monthly moving average.
        So if you set a 25% hedge, 25% of your long portfolio will be sold and the funds reallocated to the short
        whenever the hedge is in effect.
        Once your long portfolio performance goes back over the moving average, the short hedge will be removed
        and the funds from the short will be reallocated to your long positions.
      

        When hedging strategies are being used, backtests can only go back as far as 2006.  This is the date
        the S&P 500 Short ETF first appeared.
      

        Pro subscription required to use hedging strategies
      
Hedging Strategy:

      

No Hedging

          Short-Exposure Hedge
        

          Moving Average Hedge
        

Moving Average Months:


Moving Average Target:
                   

Your backtested portfolio
S&P 500 TR Index
Russell 2K TR Index

the moving average that will determine when hedging is on or off

Hedging %:
      

25%
50%
75%
100%



Stock Sell Buffer

      You can optionally include a stock sell buffer in your backtesting model.
      It works by keeping a stock in your portfolio even when it would otherwise drop out
      during rebalancing as long as it remains within your sell buffer threshold.
      For example, you are backtesting with the top 20 stocks each quarter and set a sell buffer of 50.
      In the first quarter, AAPL is one of the top 20 stocks and is included in the portfolio.
      In quarter 2, AAPL drops down to number 25. Without the sell buffer, AAPL would drop out
      for that quarter, but since it is still within the sell buffer threshold of 50,
      it will remain in the portfolio.
      Your portfolio size remains the same. The stocks that would have fallen out stay in and the
      stocks that would otherwise have been added stay out. Using the sell buffer may
      help produce a lower turnover rate.
    

      Sell Buffer Size (must be greater than # of holdings in portfolio to work):
      
No sell buffer
10
25
35
50
100




Rebalancing Frequency

      By default backtester rebalances quarterly using new 13F filing data. You can
      adjust the rebalancing frequency using the dropdown below. Reasons for
      changing the frequency include lower turnover and possible tax advantages
      by keeping stocks at least one year before selling.
    


        Do not rebalance after each quarter

or rebalance:
        
Every quarter (default)
 Every other quarter
 Once a year




How many days after the end-of-quarter date before doing the backtest? (0 - 60) 

DAYS





      Or use day whenever the filing was submitted to the SEC
      (or the last filing when using a group of funds):
Starting Quarter

      By default backtester will test your strategy using all available dates going back to 2001 (for subscribers only).
      You can optionally adjust when the backtest actually starts.
    
Starting Quarter:
      
All Available Dates


  Ending Quarter:
      
All Available Dates






GENERATE
      REPORT





Backtest Results:



Download Backtest Data to Excel
Downloading.  Please wait.....


Start Tracking This Backtest
Saving......


                                    Stop tracking this backtest
                                  
Log in to start tracking this backtest



No report has been run






                                {{s.description}}
                              

Configure Moving Averages


As of 2017-07-27








Want to backtest using all available 13F history?
      As a non-subscriber you are limited to the past two years of filing data.
        Subscribe now and backtest using 13F holdings data as
        far back as 2001.
      








 
YTD
1Y
2Y
3Y
5Y
7Y
10Y
Total Return
Annualized
Std Dev
Sortino



Whale(s)
Unhedged Portfolio

{{starting_record.yearly_entries[starting_record.yearly_entries.length-1][3]*100|number}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(starting_record,1)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(starting_record,2)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(starting_record,3)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(starting_record,5)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(starting_record,7)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(starting_record,10)| number:2}}%
{{starting_record.performance*100|number}}%
{{starting_record.annualized_performance*100|number}}%
{{starting_record.standard_deviation*100.0|number}}%
{{starting_record.sortino|number}}


Hedged Portfolio
{{hedged_matrix.yearly_entries[hedged_matrix.yearly_entries.length-1][3]*100|number}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(hedged_matrix,1)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(hedged_matrix,2)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(hedged_matrix,3)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(hedged_matrix,5)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(hedged_matrix,7)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(hedged_matrix,10)| number:2}}%
{{hedged_matrix.performance*100|number}}%
{{hedged_matrix.annualized_performance*100|number}}%
{{hedged_matrix.standard_deviation*100.0|number}}%
{{hedged_matrix.sortino|number}}


{{chart.comparison_index.description}}
{{chart.comparison_index.yearly_entries[chart.comparison_index.yearly_entries.length-1][3]*100|number}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(chart.comparison_index,1)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(chart.comparison_index,2)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(chart.comparison_index,3)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(chart.comparison_index,5)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(chart.comparison_index,7)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(chart.comparison_index,10)| number:2}}%
{{chart.comparison_index.performance*100|number}}%
{{chart.comparison_index.annualized_performance*100|number}}%
{{chart.comparison_index.standard_deviation*100.0|number}}%
{{chart.comparison_index.sortino|number}}









                          Current Holdings Rebalanced on {{results.ending_period.start_date}}
                          Click the "Download Backtest Data to Excel" link above to see all stock activity


                          Stock prices used are the "total returns" stock price and will include
                          dividends, spinoffs, splits, and other adjustments.  Because of this, stock
                          prices shown here will likely not
                          match a stock's actual closing stock price on the same date.
                        





Stock Name
% of Portfolio
Avg Price Per Share(total returns price)
Total Returnas of 2017-07-27
Original Purchase Date



            								                  {{transaction.ticker}}
            								               {{transaction.stock_name}}

Sold All
{{transaction.percent_of_portfolio*100.0|number:2}}

{{transaction.avg_price|currency}}


                                ${{starting_record.hedging_gain|number:2}}
                              

                                {{GetTransactionTotalReturn(transaction)|number:2}}%
                                                            

{{transaction.original_purchase_date}}


{{results.ending_period.hedge.stock_name}}

{{transaction.avg_price|currency}}

                              {{GetTransactionTotalReturn(results.ending_period.hedge)|number:2}}%
                            

                              {{results.ending_period.hedge.original_purchase_date}}
                            


*** Currently using {{ending_hedged_transaction.stock_name}} ***

{{ending_hedged_transaction.avg_price|currency}}

                                                        {{GetTransactionTotalReturn(ending_hedged_transaction)|number:2}}%
                                                      

                                                        {{ending_hedged_transaction.original_purchase_date}}
                                                      









Ending Sector Allocation

















































Quarter to view:

Current Combined 13F/13D/G
Q1 2017 13F Filings 
Q4 2016 13F Filings 
Q3 2016 13F Filings 
Q2 2016 13F Filings 
Q1 2016 13F Filings 
Q4 2015 13F Filings 
Q3 2015 13F Filings 
Q2 2015 13F Filings 
Q1 2015 13F Filings subscription required
Q4 2014 13F Filings subscription required
Q3 2014 13F Filings subscription required
Q2 2014 13F Filings subscription required
Q1 2014 13F Filings subscription required
Q4 2013 13F Filings subscription required
Q3 2013 13F Filings subscription required
Q2 2013 13F Filings subscription required
Q1 2013 13F Filings subscription required
Q4 2012 13F Filings subscription required



                      Refresh
                    
 Advanced Export
Download CSV
Download Excel (.xlsx)
Download TSV







                               Click to See Additional Filters
                              



Security Types:




                  Shares


                  Calls


                  Puts


                  Principal

Changes in Holdings:

 New Position
Added to Position
Reduced Position
Closed Out Position
No Change



Ranking is in the top:



Minimum # of shares:



Stock ticker: 



Is ETF?
YesNo



                                      Refresh
                                    








Edit Columns


*Shares are split adjusted
		






×
Report an error






Your name (optional):


Your email (optional):


Error to report or any other comments(required):













                









Cancel





 Click here to report any possible errors with this listing.





13F Filings Available:



                            2017-03-31 - 13F-HR/A
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2017-03-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2016-12-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2016-09-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2016-06-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2016-03-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2015-12-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2015-09-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2015-06-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2015-03-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2014-12-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2014-09-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2014-06-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2014-03-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2013-12-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2013-09-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2013-06-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2013-03-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2012-12-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          






×
CSV Export Module



      This will schedule a job to export all requested 13f holdings data for this filer.
      When completed, an email will be sent to the email address you specify
      containing a link to download the .zip file of the CSV file(s) you requested.
    



Output Type


             Output all 13f holdings into a single CSV file
             

              Output all 13f holdings into separate CSV files per quarter
              



Columns to include


Filer Name
Stock Name
Stock Ticker
Quarter Date
Type of Security
Current Shares Held
Current Market Value
Previous Shares Held
Previous Market Value
Current % of Portfolio
Previous % of Portfolio
Current Rank
Previous Rank
Change in Shares
Type of Change
Sector




13F Quarters to include


2017-03-31
2016-12-31
2016-09-30
2016-06-30
2016-03-31
2015-12-31
2015-09-30
2015-06-30




Email Address to send data to








Cancel
Schedule Export







  This lets you look at individual sub managers or subsidiaries within
  the 13F filing.




Quarter:
03/31/2017
12/31/2016
09/30/2016
06/30/2016
03/31/2016
12/31/2015
09/30/2015
06/30/2015
Manager:






Optionally compare to:



Quarter 2:
03/31/2017
12/31/2016
09/30/2016
06/30/2016
03/31/2016
12/31/2015
09/30/2015
06/30/2015
Manager 2:













Number of shares is NOT split-adjusted



View Last Form Adv Compilation Report on Record

SELKIRK MANAGEMENT, LLC

Classified as Hedge Fund

ONE MAIN STREET, SUITE 202


CHATHAM
NJ
            
        07928
Country: United States


          Business Phone:
          973-701-6175
Fax:
              973-828-0251


Professional Investment Advisor Data

SEC Registration as :

Large Advisory Firm
      


Form of Organization:
Limited Liability Company 


Organized in:
DE


Number of employees:
4


Other Business Activities:
commodity pool operator or commodity trading advisor 


Advisor Fees/Compensation:
Percentage of assets under management,Performance-based fees



        Amount of client funds and securities:
      




            Total Number of Clients:
          




            Amount of client funds and securities by related persons:
          
184,411,000



                Total Number of clients from related persons:
              
1


Disclosures:




HTTP://WWW.SELKIRKPARTNERS.COM


    Data above was derived from SEC filings.
  



Schedule 13D and 13G events since 03/31/2017

Subscription required



 
Form 4 - Non-derivative Insider Transactions Since 03/31/2017
Loading...




WhaleScore history for SELKIRK MANAGEMENT LLC
You must have a subscription to view WhaleScore histories








Elevate your investments
Try it for free

























