    Byron Selman | Haemonetics Corporation | ZoomInfo.com










 























 



 Advanced Instruments Announces Appointment of Byron Selman as CEO 
         










    










 













 











 



















Advanced Instruments Announces Appointment of Byron Selman as CEO
        																																
              











 News provided by
Advanced Instruments, LLC  
May 17, 2017, 14:59 ET









 Share this article




























































NORWOOD, Mass., May 17, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Advanced Instruments, LLC, a leader in laboratory instrumentation, is pleased to announce the appointment of Byron Selman as Chief Executive Officer.   








Mr. Selman comes to Advanced Instruments from Haemonetics Corporation, where he served most recently as President of Global Markets.  Prior to Haemonetics, he spent over 20 years with Pall Corporation in various executive level and general management positions.  Mr. Selman's career has provided him with a broad range of experience across multiple functional disciplines including sales, marketing, business development, engineering, operations, and general management.
"We are excited to have Byron join Advanced Instruments," said Craig Majernik, Managing Director at Windjammer Capital Investors, which acquired the company in October 2016. "His proven leadership abilities and demonstrated record of success position him well to lead the execution of the company's organic and acquisition growth strategy."
"Advanced Instruments represents a unique opportunity given its well-respected brand, technical know-how, and channels to market," offered Mr. Selman. "I am encouraged by the multiple avenues available to the company to enhance and expand its well-established platform in the clinical diagnostic and biopharmaceutical tools markets."
Mr. Selman holds a Bachelor of Science degree in Mechanical Engineering from Case Western Reserve University and a Master of Business Administration degree from the Frank G. Zarb School of Business, Hofstra University.
The Board wishes to thank John Coughlin, who served as CEO of Advanced Instruments for over 16 years and will continue in his retirement as a non-executive Member of the Board.
For more information about Advanced Instruments, please visit:  aicompanies.com/contact/about-us/ 
About Advanced Instruments, LLC Advanced Instruments, LLC is a leading designer, manufacturer, and marketer of instrumentation and associated consumables for clinical, pharmaceutical, biotechnology, microbiology and dairy laboratories around the world. Quality, reliability, service and support have been the company's guiding principles since its founding in 1955. Our innovative application of technology helps healthcare organizations improve the quality of care and industrial companies enhance quality and productivity.
To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/advanced-instruments-announces-appointment-of-byron-selman-as-ceo-300459512.html
SOURCE Advanced Instruments, LLC
 Related Links

http://aicompanies.com



 






My News


  Release contains wide tables.	  View fullscreen.





 You just read:
Advanced Instruments Announces Appointment of Byron Selman as CEO


 News provided by
Advanced Instruments, LLC  
May 17, 2017, 14:59 ET








 Share this article









































 











Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire?
Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform.
Sign up to get started
Request more information
Have an account? Log In

















Search











Searching for your content...









Advanced Search












































 





Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft


















Byron Selman - Executive Bio, Compensation History, and Contacts - Equilar Atlas










 

















Log in | Sign up








x

 






As Featured In



















Byron Selman
President, Global Markets at Haemonetics Corporation


View Full Profile
Are you Byron Selman? Claim your profile


 


Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Byron Selman's full profile. 
With Equilar Atlas, you can:



IDENTIFY corporate executives in Byron Selman's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Byron Selman's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Byron Selman through your network of contacts.
												








Byron Selman's Executive Work History


Current


President, Global Markets, 
Haemonetics Corporation


Past
To view Byron Selman's complete executive work history, sign up now
Age
50

 
 






Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Byron Selman's full profile. 



												By accessing Equilar Atlas, you can view bios, network, salary and wealth events
												of industry-leading executives like Byron Selman. More specifically, you'll be able to:
												

IDENTIFY corporate executives in Byron Selman's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Byron Selman's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Byron Selman through your network of conections.
												




View Full Profile


 








Search for over 360,000 executive profiles.





/bio



													Example: Byron Selman


















Byron Selman's Connections (29)





Sign up now to view Byron Selman's 29 connections »









Charles J. Dockendorff
Board Member, Haemonetics Corporation









Sandra Jesse
Executive Vice President and Chief Legal Officer, Haemonetics Corporation









Jonathan White
Former Chief Scientific and Technogy, Haemonetics Corporation









Ronald L. Merriman
Board Member, Pentair plc









Kathleen McDaniel
Former Executive Vice President, Global Human Resources, Haemonetics Corporation









William P. Burke
Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President, Haemonetics Corporation









Ronald G. Gelbman
Dir. and Former Interim Chief Executive Officer, Haemonetics Corporation









Mark W. Kroll
Board Member, Haemonetics Corporation









Brian R. Burns
Former Executive Vice President, Global Quality and Regulatory Affairs, Haemonetics Corporation









Lawrence C. Best
Board Member, Myriad Genetics, Inc.








Popular Profiles






														Sign up now to view more executive profiles »
														









Thomas J. Lynch
Executive Chairman, TE Connectivity Ltd.









John J. Kita
EVP and CFO, A. O. Smith









Carl G. Annessa
EVP and COO, Hornbeck Offshore Services, Inc.









Elon R. Musk
CEO and Chairman, Tesla









Michael C. Montgomery
Board Member, NMI Holdings, Inc.












×

Claim Your Profile Coming Soon
Interested in updating your biography and work history?
We're working on making it happen.
We'll email you when this feature is available.
Please enter valid email address.

Done


Thank you for your interest.
Ok






			Browse executive profiles:
			
				 A
			
				 B
			
				 C
			
				 D
			
				 E
			
				 F
			
				 G
			
				 H
			
				 I
			
				 J
			
				 K
			
				 L
			
				 M
			
				 N
			
				 O
			
				 P
			
				 Q
			
				 R
			
				 S
			
				 T
			
				 U
			
				 V
			
				 W
			
				 X
			
				 Y
			
				 Z



Equilar Homepage
Equilar Atlas
Equilar Insight
Equilar BoardEdge
Equilar Engage
Research Services
Knowledge Network
About Us
Login

ï¿½ 2017 Equilar All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
1100 Marshall Street, Redwood City, CA 94063 | Phone (650) 241-6600 | Fax (650) 701-0993




















			Zenfolio | Byron Selman Photography
		









Favorites:



▼

« Back



Close













                            View Cart »
                        



                            Register to save your cart before it expires.
                        


                                Register
                            


                            Have an account?
                            
                                Sign in »
                            











                        Add new set
                    





▼





                    Shopping Cart
                


                        Loading...
                    






View Cart























                Cancel
            

                Next
            








































Byron Selman Photography











Photographs▼




Photographs▼





All My Photos


Featured


Recently Added










Guestbook





Blog





About





Contact


































709 photos, 3 videos


Visitors 504




















All Photographs









Show More...Open All Photographs

















									© Byron Selman Photography|Login


Powered by ZENFOLIO
User Agreement





	Available Feeds	
    



	        RSS
            
|

	        Atom
            

	Recently Added
    



	        RSS
            
|

	        Atom
            

	Featured Items
    







											Close
























						Cancel











						Continue



























Byron Selman in Norwell, MA - (781) 378-1393 - Company Profile





























 

Enter company name












Home


Favorites


Lists


Employers by Major


Employ Veterans


Locations


Blog


Sign In





















                            The Most Advanced Company Information Database
                        





















 








Enter company name



Op. city,state,zip,county














 






Companies

 




Lists






 








Enter company name



Op. city,state,zip,county














 






Companies

 




Industries

 
 




Lists















Home

 




My Favorites
My Favorites





Lists





List Builder





Employers by Major





Employ Veterans





Locations





Industries





Blogs







X
You must be a subscriber!


This feature is available to paying subscribers only. 

Click here to learn about our subscription plans.
            



















Byron Selman

























Action 


Add to List
Add to Favorites
Share
































        Contact Information
    




Byron Selman



21 Judges Hill Dr
Norwell, MA 02061






Contact:
Byron Selman


Title:
Principal


Phone:


                        781-378-1393
                    



Website:

www.byronselmanphotography.com







Byron Selman is the only company located at 21 Judges Hill Dr, Norwell, MA 02061












 














            Map
        





View larger map









            Business Description
        



Byron Selman is located in Norwell, Massachusetts. This organization primarily operates in the Photographer, Still or Video business / industry within the Personal Services sector. This organization has been operating for approximately 4 years. Byron Selman is estimated to generate $48,000 in annual revenues, and employs approximately 1 people at this single location.









Sector:

Personal Services



Category:

Photographic Studios, Portrait



Industry:

Photographer, Still or Video




SIC Code:

7221











Name:
Byron Selman


Year Founded:


2013






Location Type:
Single


Revenue:

$ 48,000



Employees:

1



Facility Size:

N/A



* Revenue & Employees are estimates









Demographics for Zipcode 02061






Percentage Population



10,217
White
128
Hispanic
92
Black
241
Asian
38
Native American
0
Hawaiian
40
Other


97.2 %
White
1.2 %
Hispanic
0.9 %
Black
2.3 %
Asian
0.4 %
Native American
0.0 %
Hawaiian
0.4 %
Other













Population




Population 
10,506




Female52.1%5,471


Male47.9%5,035




Median Age

43.8




Female44.6


Male43.0






























Questions & Answers









What are the annual sales for Byron Selman?





Byron Selman generates approximately $48,000 in annual sales.







What is the internet address for Byron Selman?





The website (URL) for Byron Selman is www.byronselmanphotography.com.







How many people work at Byron Selman?





Byron Selman has approximately 1 employees at this location.









Is there a key contact at Byron Selman?





Byron Selman is the Principal at Byron Selman. You can contact Byron at (781) 378-1393.







Where is Byron Selman located?





Byron Selman is located at 21 Judges Hill Dr, Norwell, MA 02061.







What is the phone number for Byron Selman?





The phone number for Byron Selman is (781) 378-1393







How long has Byron Selman been in business?





Byron Selman has been in business for approximately 4 years.







How big is Byron Selman?





Byron Selman is estimated to generate $48,000 in annual revenues, and employs approximately 1 people at this location.










 

































Generate 
More Revenue 
with 
Buzzfile 











Uncover and contact more high-value prospects in less time than with any other resource





Information on 18 million companies, 50 million contacts, 6 million buildings & 18,000 industries





Complete list of businesses in any building





Advanced search, filtering and list-building





































Nearby Resources









                        Restaurant
                    




                        Coffee
                    




                        Parking
                    






                        Hotel
                    




                        Taxi
                    




                        Pharmacy
                    






                        Bank
                    




                        Gas
                    




                        Grocery
                    


















Statistics for Zipcode 02061






Average House Value


                                $ 596,600
                            



Average Household Income


                                $ 109,167
                            



Number of Households

3,553



Persons per Household

2.89













Number of Businesses

1,147



Number of Employees

9,038



Land Area (square miles)

20.940



Water Area (square miles)

0.315



















×
Save as List






List Name





Classification

General Interest
Personal
Prospect
Trade / Industry




List Type

Companies
Places
Contacts




Description





Upload Image




X



Who can access this list?



Public - Everyone can view and edit (appears in search results)





Pre-approve members with following email domain(s):

Domains





Add







Remove





Can members edit this list?



                                    Yes
                                




                                    No
                                




                                        I will decide for each user / group
                                    



Username





Add








Remove












                                                Location
                                            







                                                    This list covers companies throughout the entire U.S.
                                                




                                                    This list covers a specific geographic area (you can select more than one state, city…)
                                                


City






County






State






Zipcode





Area Code





Add





Type
Criteria







Remove











                                                Sector, Category & Industry
                                            





                                                Control the types of companies that can be added to this list.
                                            

Sector

 



Category

 



Industry

 



SIC Code

 



Add





Type
Criteria







Remove



























Add to List






Add to Existing List












Create a new list



Cancel
Save
















×
Sign In




Not a member? Register Now 




Username





Password











                                        Remember me
                                    


Forgot Password?

















×
Subscriber Not Found




Not a subscriber? Contact Buzzfile Now.



                        We could not locate a subscriber with that email or username.
                        Try signing in with a different username or email, or Telecom support at [email protected] or 212-913-9151.
                    




Username





Password





















Remove Company Confirmation



I confirm that I, , with email address  am an owner, employee or representative, with authorization to approve the removal of the profile for:




I authorize Buzzfile to release my contact and other pertinent information to the necessary parties should this removal be contested.
I am requesting to remove this company profile.


Dear , 
Your request to remove the company profile has been denied for:




You are only permitted to claim ownership and remove one company profile. You have previously claimed ownership and removed the profile for:




You can contact us at [email protected] with any questions.



Cancel


















About Us


Partnerships


Terms of Use


Privacy Policy


Remove Company


Contact Us







 
 






















 
 




        Copyright © 2017 Buzzfile Media LLC. All Rights Reserved.
    

            45 Broadway, Ste 1420, New York, NY 10006
        












×
Error








Close










Alert






Close































Appointment of Byron Selman as CEO | Advanced Instruments










































Advanced Instruments













Print
Questions?




News






Appointment of Byron Selman as CEO
May 16, 2017  •  News


Advanced Instruments Announces Appointment of Byron Selman as CEO
Norwood, MA, May 15, 2017 – Advanced Instruments, LLC, a leader in laboratory instrumentation, is pleased to announce the appointment of Byron Selman as Chief Executive Officer.
Mr. Selman comes to Advanced Instruments from Haemonetics Corporation, where he served most recently as President of Global Markets. Prior to Haemonetics, he spent over 20 years with Pall Corporation in various executive level and general management positions. Mr. Selman’s career has provided him with a broad range of experience across multiple functional disciplines including sales, marketing, business development, engineering, operations, and general management.
“We are excited to have Byron join Advanced Instruments,” said Craig Majernik, Managing Director at Windjammer Capital Investors, which acquired the company in October 2016. “His proven leadership abilities and demonstrated record of success position him well to lead the execution of the company’s organic and acquisition growth strategy.”
“Advanced Instruments represents a unique opportunity given its well-respected brand, technical know-how, and channels to market,” offered Mr. Selman. “I am encouraged by the multiple avenues available to the company to enhance and expand its well-established platform in the clinical diagnostic and biopharmaceutical tools markets.”
Mr. Selman holds a Bachelor of Science degree in Mechanical Engineering from Case Western Reserve University and a Master of Business Administration degree from the Frank G. Zarb School of Business, Hofstra University.
The Board wishes to thank John Coughlin, who served as CEO of Advanced Instruments for over 16 years and will continue in his retirement as a non-executive Member of the Board.
For more information about Advanced Instruments, please visit: aicompanies.com/contact/about-us/
Or call Dianne C. Walters, Marketing Communications: 781.320.9000
________________________________________
About Advanced Instruments, LLC
Advanced Instruments, LLC is a leading designer, manufacturer, and marketer of instrumentation and associated consumables for clinical, pharmaceutical, biotechnology, microbiology and dairy laboratories around the world. Quality, reliability, service and support have been the company’s guiding principles since its founding in 1955. Our innovative application of technology helps healthcare organizations improve the quality of care and industrial companies enhance quality and productivity.




 Prev PageNext Page  




Categories





Archives











Request Literature


First Name*Last Name*Company*PhoneEmail*

Address*Address 2City*State / Province*Zip / Postal Code*Country*Requested Literature

  










This iframe contains the logic required to handle AJAX powered Gravity Forms.
 













 


Advanced Instruments appoints Byron Selman CEO - CAP TODAYCAP TODAY | Pathology/Laboratory Medicine/Laboratory Management








































































































































 





HomeDigital Edition
Product Guides
Jobs
Advertising

Current Advertisers
2017 Ad Rates


 






 






THIS MONTH’S ISSUE
Read, save, and print articles from the current issue


ARTICLES
Chronological index2013–2016


PRODUCT GUIDES
Compare all instrumentsand software systems


DEPARTMENTS
Chronological index2013–2016


MARKETPLACE
New pathology lab products and industry news







Home » Top news
Advanced Instruments appoints Byron Selman CEO

May 31, 2017—Advanced Instruments has appointed Byron Selman chief executive officer. Prior to joining Advanced Instruments, Mr. Selman was president of global markets at Haemonetics Corp.

 
“We are excited to have Byron join Advanced Instruments,” Craig Majernik, managing director at Windjammer Capital Investors, which acquired AI in October 2016, said in a statement. “His proven leadership abilities and demonstrated record of success position him well to lead the execution of the company’s organic and acquisition growth strategy.”
More top news
	
	Tags: Advanced Instruments























Recent Posts

Advertise
Abbott expands launch of Sekisui CP3000
Siemens buys Epocal from Alere
BD Kiestra urine culture app
MedTest offers full chem menu for BioLis 24i
FDA-cleared IVD leukemia and lymphoma reagents



Most Commented
 


Most Popular




 



X











