



Selway Invest | 































 












 

Navigation MenuMenu  
 
 



Building Wealth Since 1967  








Investment ApproachLearn More
 

 


The Selway TeamLearn More
   



 
 
 
 
















  Professionals | Selway Invest































 












 

Navigation MenuMenu  
 
 



Professionals  








ProfessionalsMark Matsko, CFAScott BrasseyJustin Yochum, CFADanielle Bugni, CFAJill Wilson 


Mark Matsko, CFAScott BrasseyJustin Yochum, CFADanielle Bugni, CFAJill Wilson 



About SelwayLearn More
   



 
 
 
 
















  Justin Yochum, CFA | Selway Invest






























 












 

Navigation MenuMenu  
 
 



Justin Yochum, CFA 








ProfessionalsMark Matsko, CFAScott BrasseyJustin Yochum, CFADanielle Bugni, CFAJill Wilson 

 Vice President  & Portfolio Managert. 208.343.7556f. 208.343.5639E-mailV-Card Justin works with clients to help them achieve their long-term financial goals.  With dedication to their objectives, he manages the full life-cycle planning and execution for client portfolios.  Customization to particular needs is paramount, and he pays particular attention to risk tolerance and goal achievement.  Justin began his career at Selway in 2000 as an intern, was hired full time in 2006, and became partner in 2012.
Community Involvement
Justin is a member of CFA Society Idaho and Boise Young Professionals (BYP), and he volunteers at the Boise Rescue Mission.  He has a strong affinity for his alma mater, Boise State University, and he serves as a mentor to students in the business program.
Education, Licenses and Certifications
Justin received his B.A. in Accounting and Finance from Boise State University.  He also holds the professional designation of Chartered Financial Analyst (CFA).
Personal Interests
Justin’s favorite pastime is spending time with his wife and very active daughters.  Having lived in Idaho for nearly his entire life, Justin thoroughly enjoys the outdoor lifestyle the state offers.  Whether it is wakeboarding at the lake, golfing in the mountains, or taking weekend trips to the cabin in Featherville, being active is a way of life.



 
 
 
 

















  Mark Matsko, CFA | Selway Invest





























 












 

Navigation MenuMenu  
 
 



Mark Matsko, CFA 








ProfessionalsMark Matsko, CFAScott BrasseyJustin Yochum, CFADanielle Bugni, CFAJill Wilson 

 President and Chief Executive Officert. 208.343.7556f. 208.343.5639E-mailV-Card Mark joined Selway in 1996, and he has served as the President and Chief Executive Officer since October 2000.  His work experience includes general management, tax accounting, brokerage, portfolio management, and securities analysis.  Prior to joining Selway, Mark worked as a stockbroker in the Boise office of D.A. Davidson & Company from 1995-1996, and he managed Matsko Capital Management, a small private investment firm, from 1990 – 1995.
Before entering the investment business, Mark worked as a tax accountant in the Boise office of Arthur Andersen from 1981-1983, and held several positions with Coca Cola of Great Falls, Montana, including President, from 1983 until he negotiated the sale of that firm in 1986.  Mark was a private investor between 1987 and the formation of Matsko Capital Management in 1990, except for a brief period as a securities analyst with Growth Stock Outlook from 1989-1990.
Community Involvement
Mark is active in civic and social affairs in Boise.  He is a former Board Member of the United Way Treasure Valley, and he is the former director of the University of Montana Alumni Association.  Mark is also a member of the CFA Society Idaho.
Education, Licenses and Certifications
Mark was raised in Great Falls, Montana, and he graduated with High Honors with a B.S. in Accounting, Economics and Political Science from the University of Montana.  He holds the professional designation of Chartered Financial Analyst (CFA), and he is a former Certified Public Accountant (CPA).
Personal Interests
Mark enjoys spending time with his family and golfing at Crane Creek Country Club.



 
 
 
 

















  Scott Brassey | Selway Invest






























 












 

Navigation MenuMenu  
 
 



Scott Brassey 








ProfessionalsMark Matsko, CFAScott BrasseyJustin Yochum, CFADanielle Bugni, CFAJill Wilson 

 Vice President and Portfolio Managert. 208.343.7556f. 208.343.5639E-mailV-Card Scott’s work experience includes fixed income trading and management, financial derivatives and foreign exchange trading, and portfolio management.  He has worked in the capital markets industry since 1984 and has been with the firm since 1998.
Community Involvement
Scott is a member at Hillcrest Country Club.
Education, Licenses and Certifications
Scott received his degree in Finance from the University of Arizona.
Personal Interests
Scott has been active in his kids’ athletic pursuits and enjoys the great Idaho and Oregon outdoors.



 
 
 
 















Selway Asset Management 877 W Main St Boise, ID Financial Advisory Services - MapQuest







































































































    Selway Asset Management
  

877 W Main St

Boise
ID
83702




 Reviews



(208) 343-7556
Website

        Menu & Reservations
      



            Make Reservations 




            Order Online
          

            Tickets
          




          Tickets
        


        See Availability
      





      Nearby
    


      Directions
    


    {{::location.tagLine.value.text}}
  



Sponsored Topics








































See a problem?
Let us know!






















Legal






Help



























SELWAY ASSET MANAGEMENT, INC. Investment Adviser Profile | DisclosureTrack by Predictive















Toggle navigation









Features


Customer Stories


Team


Signals


Help




Adviser Search


Log In


Start Searching for Free









SELWAY ASSET MANAGEMENT, INC.

BOISE
ID
UNITED STATES

Information as of May  4, 2017



















Find this free profile helpful?
Register now for a free trial of DisclosureTrack to unlock more information.















Investment Adviser Summary



SELWAY ASSET MANAGEMENT, INC. is an SEC Registered Investment Adviser (RIA). The firm is based in BOISE ID UNITED STATES. As of the firm's last SEC filing on May  4, 2017, the firm has 5 employees and has $253 Million in Regulatory Assets Under Management (RAUM).










Main Address




877 W. MAIN STREET

SUITE 602


BOISE
ID
83702
UNITED STATES


208-343-7556



View on Map










Adviser Information



Legal Name
SELWAY ASSET MANAGEMENT, INC.


Business Name
SELWAY ASSET MANAGEMENT, INC.


Jurisdiction/Type

ID
Corporation



Website(s)

http://www.selwayinvest.com


SEC Status
Registered - Approved


Registration Date
1967-08-04







Registration Information



SEC Number
801-4424


CRD Number
104638


Public Reporting Company
No


CIK Number



LEI Number










Legal Structure and Domicile



Legal Structure

Corporation




Legal Domicile Country
United States


Legal Domicile State/Province
ID





Key Figures Summary



Regulatory Assets Under Management
252,987,052.00


Number of Employees

5
(Advisory: 4)



Number of Clients
More than 100


Number of Accounts
132









Services, Fees, and Clients




Services Offered



Portfolio Management - Small Businesses
Portfolio Management - Pooled Investment Vehicles
Portfolio Management - Business or Institutional Clients





Fee Type Charged



Percentage of AUM





Client Types



Individuals (non-High Net Worth)
Individuals (High Net Worth Only)
Pooled Investment Vehicles
Pension and Profit Sharing Plans
Charitable Organizations
Corporation or other Business









Significant Red Flags




Disclosure Reporting Pages (DRPs)



None





Potential Conflicts



Transactions in Recommended Securities
Related Persons have Custody of Client Assets or Accounts
Related Persons have Custody of Client Securities











Share this Profile














Filed Form ADVs






May  4, 2017



View



Changes








March 31, 2017



View



Changes








March 23, 2016



View



Changes








March 26, 2015



View








Quick Links


SEC Summary

Latest ADV PDF

Part 2 Brochure PDF

Private Funds

Control Persons

Indirect Control Persons

Other Business Info

DRPs





Share this Profile











Subject to our
Terms of Use, 
all information provided on this website and in DisclosureTrack is provided "as-is" without warranty and for informational purposes only.  Predictive Inc. does not provide investment advice.  Predictive Inc. is not an investment adviser and is not endorsed by or affiliated with any US or non-US regulatory agency.











Schedule a Demo or Start Searching For Free Now



Schedule a Demo
Start Searching for Free







Get helpful monthly insights you won’t find anywhere else.

Just add your email address below. We never spam.










Join our Mailing List

You can unsubscribe at any time.
















Selway Asset Management | Selway Asset Management Portfolio - 2017 Stock Picks and Performances 





























Home




 Homepage


 Membership Levels


 Membership Data Coverage


 Complete Stock List


 Founder's Message


 The Book


 FREE Trial






Screeners


Value Screens 


 All-In-One Screener


 Industry Overview


 Ben Graham Net-Net


 Undervalued Predictable


 Buffett-Munger Screener


 Magic Formula (Greenblatt)


 Historical Low P/S List


 Historical Low P/B List


 Peter Lynch Screen


 High Short Interest


 52-Week/3Y/5Y Lows


 52-Week/3Y/5Y Highs


 Predictable Companies


 S&P 500 Grid


 Dividend Stocks


 Spin Off List




Downloads | Tools


  Excel Add-In GURUF


 Manual of Stocks™


 Download Financial Data


 Download Guru Portfolios


 Download Stock PDFs


 Download Insider Data


  API


 Mobile App




Strategies


 Performances


 Buffett-Munger


 Undervalued Predictable


 Low P/S


 Low P/B


 Broadest Owned


 Most Weighted






Gurus




 Latest Guru Picks


 Real Time Picks


 List of Gurus (Personalize)


 Gurus Portfolios


 Scoreboard


 Top 10 Holdings View


 Sector Picks


 International Picks


 Aggregated Portfolio


 Consensus Picks


 Guru Bargains


 Hot Picks


 Industry Trends


 Geographic Trend


 ETFs


 Options


 European Shorting






Insiders




 All Insiders


 CEO Buys/Sales


 CFO Buys/Sales


 Insider Cluster


 Guru+Insider Double Buys


 Triple Buys/Sales


 Insider Trends


 Canadian Insider


 Dutch Insider






Market


Market Valuation


 Economic Data


 Industry Overview


 Market-Cap/GDP Valuation


 Global Market Valuation


 Shiller P/E


 Shiller P/E By Sectors


 Buffett Assets Allocation




By Country


 USA


 Australia


 Canada


 China


 Germany


 India


 Japan


 UK


 More...






Articles


Articles


 Editor's Picks


 GuruFocus Research


 Value Ideas


 Interviews with Gurus


 Top Ranked


 Value Idea Contest


 Videos


 Following Authors




Submit Articles


 Writers Wanted


 Value Contest Winners


 Submit Articles Online


 My Articles






Conference




 Value Conference


 Speakers


 Location/Venue


 Register


 After Conference Gathering (Free Drinks)






Tutorials




 Tutorials & Webinars


 FAQ


 Contact Us






Log In




 Free Sign-up


 Log In


 7-Day Free Trial 






Subscribe




 Free Trial ($399/Year)


 Refer a Friend & Earn $50














Warren Buffett


Bruce Berkowitz


George Soros


Seth Klarman


David Tepper


John Paulson


David Einhorn


Mohnish Pabrai


Prem Watsa


Bill Ackman


Joel Greenblatt


Carl Icahn


Arnold Schneider


Arnold Van Den Berg


Barrow, Hanley, Mewhinney & Strauss


Bill Ackman


Bill Gates


Bill Nygren


Bruce Berkowitz


Carl Icahn


Full Gurus List




Gurus List





Search
Compare

Search ▾










Get 7-Day Free Trial



My Portfolios▾
                        
Portfolios Overview
Create New Portfolio
Portfolio Contest


My Gurus▾
                        
Quick Browse
Personalize

My Gurus

Premium Gurus 
Premium Plus Investors 























Selway Asset Management 

                Last Update: 04-27-2017 
            





                    Number of Stocks: 77

                    Number of New Stocks: 5




                    Total Value: $175 Mil

                    Q/Q Turnover: 10%


Countries:
                
 











This content requires JavaScript.

Details: Top Buys | Top Sales | Top Holdings  Embed:  



Bookmark

Print


Tweet















Bookmark Name:









			This page was added to your Bookmark.
		



Members Only. Please Sign Up or Log In first.




			Bookmark of this page has been deleted.
		




Add to Personalized Guru List
Remove from Personalized Guru List
RSS Update




LatestStock PicksCurrent PortfolioProfile/PerformanceSector Weighting




Selway Asset Management has been successfully added into your Personalized Guru List.
        



Selway Asset Management has been removed from your Personalized Guru List.
        



            This feature is only available for Premium Members, please sign up for
            GuruFocus Premium Membership

7-Day Free Trial Now





Selway Asset Management has been successfully added into Guru Email Alerts list.
        



Selway Asset Management has been removed from Guru Email Alerts list.
        



This feature is only available for Members, please Sign Up for FREE membership.
                If you have already signed up, please Log In






Selway Asset Management's Portfolio is for Premium Plus  Membership subscribers only.

	
	GuruFocus Premium Plus  Membership
(This is a new feature)


 Gain access to the portfolios and trades of ALL 13F filers
 Their trading history
 Aggregated portfolio of any combinations among them
 Email alerts
 Excel Add-in for fully customized data downloads and research
 API for Guru/Insider data downloads (Realtime & historical)


7-Day Free Trial
Learn more








Add Notes, CommentsIf you want to ask a question or report a bug, please create a support ticket.






Select portfolio(s):








                        Create a new portfolio



Why you are interested?



            Your selection and notes will be stored in your portfolio.
        


Login to add portfolio















Get WordPress Plugins for easy affiliate links on Stock Tickers and Guru Names
                    | Earn affiliate commissions by embedding GuruFocus Charts

                                                GuruFocus Affiliate Program: Earn up to $400 per referral.  ( Learn More) 













Home  About   Jobs    Advertise    Site Map    Term of Use    Privacy Policy     RSS    Mobile App     Email Alerts    Referral Program    Affiliate Program    FAQ    Contact Us
                               

                © 2004-2017                GuruFocus.com, LLC. All Rights Reserved.
            


                    Disclaimers: GuruFocus.com is not operated by a broker, a dealer, or a registered investment adviser. Under no circumstances does any information posted on GuruFocus.com represent a recommendation to buy or sell a security. The information on this site, and in its related newsletters, is not intended to be, nor does it constitute, investment advice or recommendations. The gurus may buy and sell securities before and after any particular article and report and information herein is published, with respect to the securities discussed in any article and report posted herein. In no event shall GuruFocus.com be liable to any member, guest or third party for any damages of any kind arising out of the use of any content or other material published or available on GuruFocus.com, or relating to the use of, or inability to use, GuruFocus.com or any content, including, without limitation, any investment losses, lost profits, lost opportunity, special, incidental, indirect, consequential or punitive damages. Past performance is a poor indicator of future performance. The information on this site, and in its related newsletters, is not intended to be, nor does it constitute, investment advice or recommendations. The information on this site is in no way guaranteed for completeness, accuracy or in any other way. The gurus listed in this website are not affiliated with GuruFocus.com, LLC.



                    Stock quotes provided by InterActive Data. Fundamental company data provided by Morningstar, updated daily.


















GF Chat {{numOfNotice}}




























×
Manage BookMarks





Close








FEEDBACK



















Selway Asset Management, Inc. | Wealthminder











































Selway Asset Management, Inc.


Selway Asset Management, Inc.
(CRD# 104638) is a financial advisory firm headquartered in
Boise, ID.
They
manage $243,077,490 in 157 accounts and
serve the financial needs of clients across 2 states (or territories).




Current Firm Details



Selway Asset Management, Inc.




877 W. Main Street, Suite 602,
Boise,
ID
83702
208-343-7556
http://www.selwayinvest.com




http://www.selwayinvest.com







By the Numbers






Total Assets Under Management

243
MILLION



Total Number of Accounts

157
ACCOUNTS



Average Account Value

$1,548,264







Compensation Options




A percentage of assets under your management






Advisory Services Offered




Portfolio management for individuals and/or small businesses
Portfolio management for pooled investment vehicles (other than investment companies)
Portfolio management for businesses (other than small businesses) or institutional clients








Types of Clients










Registered States






Registered Investment Advisor


Advisors affiliated with a RIA are permitted to work with up to five clients in nearly-all states* without explicit registration. The map below shows states where this firm has explicit registration only.




ID, MT






Financial Advisors at Selway Asset Management, Inc.




Showing 1 - 3 of 3 top financial advisors.





1















Mark R. Matsko



CRD#:
2190124



877 W Main Ste 602,
Boise,
ID
83702




96

Wealthminder
score








Mark Matsko (CRD# 2190124) is an Investment Advisor Representative working at
Selway Asset Management, Inc. in Boise, ID and has 
over 26 years
of experience in the finance industry.






2















Scott C. Brassey



CRD#:
2001661



877 W. Main Ste 602,
Boise,
ID
83702




93

Wealthminder
score








Scott Brassey (CRD# 2001661) is an Investment Advisor Representative working at
Selway Asset Management, Inc. in Boise, ID and has 
over 27 years
of experience in the finance industry.






3















Justin Yochum



CRD#:
5980415



877 W. Main Street, Suite 602,
Boise,
ID
83702




90

Wealthminder
score








Justin Yochum (CRD# 5980415) is an Investment Advisor Representative working at
Selway Asset Management, Inc. in Boise, ID and has 
1 year
of experience in the finance industry.













Our primary data source is public filings of Form ADV as published by the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) and made available in accordance with the Freedom of Information Act (FOIA). Supplementary information may be provided by listed advisors or their representatives.
Because many firms provide a variety of products or services, an individual may or may not be registered to operate under all services provided by the firm.Do not rely solely on the information on this page. The information may be inaccurate, incomplete or outdated. For the most accurate and up-to-date information, please search for the firm or individual on the SEC site at
http://www.adviserinfo.sec.gov/IAPD/Content/Search/iapd_Search.aspx







Ready to hire a financial advisor?

Get competitive proposals from multiple advisors.

















Request Proposals























Timeout!



You have been idle and will be logged out in

seconds.


Stay Logged In
Log Out Now


















SELWAY ASSET MANAGEMENT- Ratings & Rankings by Symmetric




 






























Home
About

Pricing

Login


























SELWAY ASSET MANAGEMENT



Get the Full Report
















 SELWAY ASSET Overview



												   Selway Asset Management is an investment advisor that manages 272.1 MM dollars in regulatory AUM and has 6 employees, of which 4 perform investment advisory functions. The manager's has disclosed holdings from 03/31/01 to 03/31/17. The fund's latest filing disclosed 178MM in positions, representing 65% of the manager's regulatory AUM.
												



Get the Full Report









					
					 SELWAY ASSET StockAlpha 
					
					






-4.8%





Top 25%



3yr StockAlpha
Register for more...
















Fundamental & Technical Factor Exposure
										






Market Cap
Beta
Volatility


Momentum (12M)
Momentum (6M)
Momentum (3M)


Price/Book
Price/Earnings
Price/Cash Flow


Dividend Yield
Sales Growth
Earnings Growth


ROE
ROA
ROC


EBIDTA Margin
Debt/Assets
Hedge Fund Crowding









 SELWAY ASSET Since Last Filing Return Details
																										






Ticker
Size
Sector
Stock Move

StockAlpha Attribution
Days to Liquidate
Trade Crowdedness




FDX
4.49%
Industrials
9.15%

0.11%
0
17%



AAPL
4.43%
Tech
5.03%

-0.18%
0
40%





Get the Full Report














×
Register to Unlock



Unlock profile and also get:

Manager Positions and Return Details
Position Crowdedness, Turnover & Concentration
Manager Performance Estimates
Top Stock Pickers Report













We take your privacy seriously. Your information will never be shared with any third party











×
Download PDF Report





GENERATING REPORT...

								
								This may take upto 60 secs. 
















FEATURED IN





















 SELWAY ASSET Founders and Key Employees






Name
Title
In Position Since







Mark R. Matsko
President/Ceo
September-2000


Scott C. Brassey
Vice-President
November-2002


Jill S. Wilson
Chief Compliance Officer
October-2004


Danielle M. Bugni
Trading Manager
March-2003


Justin Yochum
Vice President
March-2012










 SELWAY ASSET Brokers, Custodians, Auditors and Administrators






Type
Company







Auditor
 Pro


Custodian
 Pro


Custodian
 Pro












 SELWAY ASSET Investment Strategy


				
					   Methods of Analysis, Investment Strategies and Risk of Loss Equities We take a bottom-up approach to our security selection that involves a blend of fundamental and technical analysis.  Typically, we invest in U.S. exchange-traded companies with a market capitalization over $2 billion that have been consistently profitable over the last five to eight years. We set criteria based on various valuation metrics.  At times we may be looking for a stock within a specific industry we feel is poised to out-perform with attractive fundamentals. Potential investments are compared within their industry, and companies we judge to have the best risk/reward profile are chosen for investment. One way our firm manages the risk of investing in equities is through the use of call options. A call option is a contract that gives the buyer of the call the right to buy the underlying shares from the seller at pre-specified price (the strike) on, or before, a pre-specified...Get the Full Report







 SELWAY ASSET Portfolio Concentration




Get the Full Report











 SELWAY ASSET Location



877 W. MAIN STREET								SUITE 602
BOISE, 
Idaho
UNITED STATES, 
83702








  SELWAY ASSET Contact Information



							Phone Number: 208-343-7556
							Fax Number: 208-343-5639
							Website: http://www.selwayinvest.com









READ RECENT SYMMETRIC REPORTS






















Disclaimer



				
		The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Symmetric and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Symmetric nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information. Past performance and skill metrics are no guarantee of future results. "Symmetric," "Symmetric.io" and the Symmetric logo are marks of Symmetric, Inc. Read our privacy policy here. Read our terms of use here



  

Featured Download

SELWAY ASSET MANAGEMENT FULL REPORT

LEARN MORE






















 Path B		  











Selway Asset Management | LCA Architects



































LCA ArchitectsAs a firm we are united in our belief that building design is all about community building, making connections to people and making a positive impact on our overall quality of life through the built environment.Selway Asset Management
October 21, 2016 by Tyler Hash 

































































Project Information
Location
Boise, Idaho
Owner/Client
Selway Asset Management


Selway Asset Management
LCA Interiors were asked to provide affordable solutions to upgrade and modernize an existing office suite on the 6th floor oft he Wells Fargo Center.
Replacing heavy wooden blinds with subtle window treatments created privacy while maintaining a feeling of openness at both conference rooms and private offices.
Simple solutions such as brighter wall colors, new flooring and light fixtures breathed new life into this office environment, reflecting the energy of the generational work force occupying this space.

Filed Under: Interiors 






























Home - seaway asset management company condominium property real estate realty realtors toledo holland maumee ohio sylvania temperance monroe michiganAsset Managers/Real EstateHomeMaintenanceCondominiumRentalsReal Estate SalesWe are the Toledo's largest family owned property management and realty company.info@seawayasset.com(419) 537-1090 ext 12Phone Numbers AddressSeaway Asset Management Company