 



Cerulean Appoints Adrian Senderowicz, M.D., as Chief Medical Officer | Business Wire
























































Cerulean Appoints Adrian Senderowicz, M.D., as Chief Medical Officer






September 08, 2015 07:00 AM Eastern Daylight Time



CAMBRIDGE, Mass.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Cerulean 
      Pharma Inc. (NASDAQ:CERU), a leader in Dynamic Tumor Targeting™, 
      today announced the appointment of Adrian Senderowicz, M.D., as Senior 
      Vice President & Chief Medical Officer, effective as of September 4, 
      2015. Dr. Senderowicz will succeed Edward Garmey, M.D., who will serve 
      as a member of Cerulean’s Medical Advisory Board.
    


      “Adrian is a talented clinical oncologist, with significant clinical 
      development and regulatory experience in government, big pharma, and 
      small biotechs,” said Christopher D. T. Guiffre, President & Chief 
      Executive Officer of Cerulean. “Adrian will drive CRLX101 toward 
      registration in 3rd and 4th line renal cell 
      carcinoma, or RCC, and other solid tumor indications, and he will lead 
      CRLX301 into mid-stage clinical trials. His broad regulatory and 
      industry expertise will be particularly valuable to us as we seek to 
      advance our first nanoparticle-drug conjugate, or NDC, toward 
      commercialization, and as we expand our portfolio of platform-generated 
      NDCs in clinical development.”
    

      Dr. Senderowicz was most recently Chief Medical Officer and Senior Vice 
      President, Clinical Development and Regulatory Affairs at Ignyta, Inc. 
      Previously, he was Vice President, Global Regulatory Oncology at Sanofi, 
      Chief Medical Officer at Tokai Pharmaceuticals, and Senior Medical 
      Director, Oncology Clinical Development at AstraZeneca. Before working 
      for biotechnology and pharmaceutical companies, Dr. Senderowicz held a 
      variety of leadership positions at the U.S. Food and Drug Administration 
      (FDA) Division of Oncology Drug Products in the Center for Drug 
      Evaluation and Research and a variety of clinical and research positions 
      with the National Cancer Institute/National Institutes of Health (NCI). 
      He currently serves as a director of Puma Biotechnology, Inc., a 
      publicly traded biopharmaceutical company, and previously served as 
      Chairman of a workshop sponsored by the Institute of Medicine, National 
      Cancer Policy Forum focused on policy issues in the development and 
      adoption of molecularly targeted therapies for cancer. He completed his 
      Internal Medicine residency training at the Icahn School of Medicine at 
      Mount Sinai and a Clinical Oncology Fellowship at the NCI. Dr. 
      Senderowicz holds an M.D. degree from the School of Medicine at the 
      Universidad de Buenos Aires in Argentina, and has authored over 100 
      scientific and medical publications.
    

      “Cerulean’s platform creates NDCs that are designed to provide safer and 
      more effective therapies for people living with cancer. Tumor targeting 
      has been a goal of academia, industry, and government, but it has been 
      elusive. CRLX101’s data to date make me believe that our technology can 
      significantly advance the field of tumor targeting,” explained Dr. 
      Senderowicz. “I also am eager to progress our second NDC, CRLX301, 
      already in clinic, with the goal of rapid development in selected 
      indications and to make it available as soon as possible to these 
      patients in need.”
    

      Dr. Senderowicz worked closely as a consultant with Dr. Garmey in recent 
      months, becoming well-acquainted with the company’s clinical programs.
    

      “I am very grateful to Edward for his contributions to Cerulean,” Mr. 
      Guiffre continued. “He played an instrumental role in designing and 
      leading the randomized Phase 2 trial of CRLX101 plus Avastin® 
      in 3rd and 4th line RCC, and he put our second 
      platform-generated candidate, CRLX301, into the clinic. I understand 
      Edward’s desire to make a transition at this time, and I look forward to 
      his continued guidance as a member of our Medical Advisory Board.”
    

      “Having served as Chief Medical Officer at Cerulean for over four years, 
      and nearing the completion of enrollment for our randomized trial in 3rd 
      and 4th line RCC, this is the perfect time for a transition,” 
      said Dr. Garmey. “It will allow me to spend more time with my family and 
      pursue consulting projects, and it provides Cerulean the opportunity to 
      work with a successor of Adrian’s caliber and experience. Adrian’s drug 
      development experience will be invaluable as Cerulean expands its 
      clinical development of CRLX101 and CRLX301, and his extensive FDA 
      experience will enhance Cerulean’s ability to work cooperatively with 
      the Agency to bring its tumor-targeted NDCs to people living with 
      cancer.”
    

About CRLX101


      CRLX101 is a nanoparticle-drug conjugate (NDC) designed to concentrate 
      in tumors and slowly release its anti-cancer payload, camptothecin, 
      inside tumor cells. CRLX101 inhibits topoisomerase 1 (topo 1), which is 
      involved in cellular replication, and also inhibits hypoxia-inducible 
      factor-1α (HIF-1α), which research suggests is a master regulator of 
      cancer cell survival mechanisms. CRLX101 has shown activity in four 
      different tumor types, both as monotherapy and in combination with other 
      cancer treatments. CRLX101 is in Phase 2 clinical development and has 
      been dosed in more than 300 patients. The U.S. FDA has granted CRLX101 
      Orphan Drug designation for the treatment of ovarian cancer and Fast 
      Track designation in combination with Avastin in metastatic renal cell 
      carcinoma.
    

About CRLX301


      CRLX301 is a dynamically tumor-targeted NDC designed to concentrate in 
      tumors and slowly release its anti-cancer payload, docetaxel, inside 
      tumor cells. In preclinical studies, CRLX301 delivers up to 10 times 
      more docetaxel into tumors, compared to an equivalent milligram dose of 
      commercially available docetaxel and was similar to or better than 
      docetaxel in seven of seven animal models, with a statistically 
      significant survival benefit seen in five of those seven models. In 
      addition, preclinical data show that CRLX301 had lower toxicity than has 
      been reported with docetaxel in similar preclinical studies. CRLX301 is 
      currently in Phase 1/2a clinical development.
    

About Cerulean Pharma


      The Cerulean team is committed to improving treatment for people living 
      with cancer. We apply our Dynamic Tumor Targeting Platform to create a 
      portfolio of NDCs designed to selectively attack tumor cells, reduce 
      toxicity by sparing the body’s normal cells, and enable therapeutic 
      combinations. Our first platform-generated candidate, CRLX101, is in 
      multiple clinical trials in combination with other cancer treatments, 
      all of which aim to unlock the power of combination therapy. Our second 
      platform-generated candidate, CRLX301, is in a Phase 1/2a clinical 
      trial. For more information, please visit www.ceruleanrx.com.
    

About Cerulean’s Dynamic Tumor Targeting™ Platform


      Cerulean’s Dynamic Tumor Targeting Platform creates NDCs that are 
      designed to provide safer and more effective cancer treatments. We 
      believe our NDCs concentrate their anti-cancer payloads inside tumors 
      while sparing normal tissue because they are small enough to pass 
      through the “leaky” vasculature present in tumors but are too large to 
      pass through the wall of healthy blood vessels. Once inside tumors, our 
      NDCs enter tumor cells where they slowly release anti-cancer payloads 
      from within the tumor cells.
    

Cautionary Note on Forward Looking Statements


      Any statements in this press release about our future expectations, 
      plans and prospects, including statements about the clinical development 
      of our product candidates, statements about our estimated research and 
      development expenses and sufficiency of cash to fund specified use of 
      cash and other statements containing the words “anticipate,” “believe,” 
      “continue,” “could,” “estimate,” “expect,” “hypothesize,” “intend,” 
      “may,” “plan,” “potential,” “predict,” “project,” “should,” “target,” 
      “would,” and similar expressions, constitute forward-looking statements 
      within the meaning of The Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 
      1995. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by such 
      forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors, 
      including: the uncertainties inherent in the initiation of clinical 
      trials, availability and timing of data from ongoing and future clinical 
      trials and the results of such trials, whether preliminary results from 
      a clinical trial will be predictive of the final results of that trial 
      or whether results of early clinical trials will be indicative of the 
      results of later clinical trials, expectations for regulatory approvals, 
      availability of funding sufficient for our foreseeable and unforeseeable 
      operating expenses and capital expenditure requirements and other 
      factors discussed in the “Risk Factors” section of our Quarterly Report 
      on Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 
      6, 2015, and in other filings that we make with the Securities and 
      Exchange Commission. In addition, any forward-looking statements 
      included in this press release represent our views only as of the date 
      of this release and should not be relied upon as representing our views 
      as of any subsequent date. We specifically disclaim any obligation to 
      update any forward-looking statements included in this press release.
    

      Avastin is a registered trademark of Genentech, Inc.
    




Contacts

      Cerulean Pharma Inc.Nicole P. Jones, 617-551-9606Director, 
      Investor Relations and Corporate Communicationsnjones@ceruleanrx.com
















Contacts

      Cerulean Pharma Inc.Nicole P. Jones, 617-551-9606Director, 
      Investor Relations and Corporate Communicationsnjones@ceruleanrx.com







 
 

 






Search




Advanced News Search

Advanced News Search













Log In
Sign Up












 



Constellation Pharmaceuticals Appoints Adrian Senderowicz, M.D., as Senior Vice President and Chief Medical Officer | Business Wire
























































Constellation Pharmaceuticals Appoints Adrian Senderowicz, M.D., as 
      Senior Vice President and Chief Medical Officer




Company Aligning Executive Team to Realize Full Potential of its 
      EZH2 Franchise in Solid Tumors while Advancing Novel Opportunities at 
      the Nexus of Cancer Epigenetics and Immuno-oncology






July 18, 2017 07:30 AM Eastern Daylight Time



CAMBRIDGE, Mass.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Constellation Pharmaceuticals, Inc., a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical 
      company focusing on the development of novel tumor-targeted and 
      immuno-oncology therapies based on its pioneering research in cancer 
      epigenetics, today announced the appointment of Adrian Senderowicz, 
      M.D., as senior vice president and chief medical officer. In addition, 
      the company is promoting three members of its management team, 
      underscoring Constellation Pharmaceuticals’ strategic focus on charting 
      a clear path to registration for the company’s two lead clinical 
      development programs, CPI-1205 and CPI-0610—targeting EZH2 (a member of 
      the PRC2 complex) and BET, respectively—while also exploring new 
      opportunities at the nexus of cancer epigenetics and immuno-oncology.
    


      A board-certified medical oncologist by training, Dr. Senderowicz has 
      more than two decades of experience in the life sciences. He was the 
      principal investigator for a multitude of clinical trials in solid and 
      hematological tumors, and brings to Constellation Pharmaceuticals 
      significant regulatory expertise as a former clinical team leader at the 
      U.S. Food and Drug Administration’s (FDA) Center for Drug Evaluation and 
      Research (CDER) Division of Drug Oncology Products.
    

      “Constellation Pharmaceuticals is poised to deliver on the promise of 
      its pioneering research in epigenetics by developing therapies that have 
      the potential to address significant medical needs in difficult-to-treat 
      tumors,” said Dr. Senderowicz. “The company has established a clear path 
      to registration for its two lead clinical development programs—CPI-1205 
      in solid tumors and CPI-0610 in a molecularly-defined and prospectively 
      selected patient population. I look forward to working with the entire 
      team to help ensure the rapid advancement of these potential new 
      medicines for cancer patients.”
    

      Prior to joining Constellation Pharmaceuticals, Dr. Senderowicz served 
      as chief medical officer at Cerulean Pharma, where he helped secure 
      fast-track designation for the company’s lead clinical development 
      program in two indications. Previously, Dr. Senderowicz held roles of 
      increasing responsibility at Ignyta, Inc., Sanofi Oncology, Tokai 
      Pharmaceuticals and AstraZeneca plc. He began his career as an 
      investigator at the National Cancer Institute before joining the FDA’s 
      CDER.
    

      “Adrian has deep expertise translating early scientific research into 
      meaningful clinical outcomes, and possesses the vision, experience and 
      leadership skills required to realize the company’s full potential 
      during this next phase of its evolution,” said Jigar Raythatha, 
      president and chief executive officer of Constellation Pharmaceuticals. 
      “His background in drug development and the regulatory process will be 
      instrumental as we advance our two lead clinical programs toward 
      registration.”
    

Additional Management Team Updates


      In addition to Dr. Senderowicz’s appointment, Constellation 
      Pharmaceuticals is bolstering its efforts by aligning its management 
      team with near- and long-term research and development priorities. As 
      such, the company has promoted Patrick Trojer, Ph.D., to senior vice 
      president of the EZH2 franchise and head of translational sciences; 
      Robert Sims, Ph.D., to senior vice president of research; and Brenda 
      Sousa to senior vice president of human resources and operations.
    

      Drs. Trojer and Sims, both founding scientists of Constellation 
      Pharmaceuticals, will work with Dr. Senderowicz to advance its two 
      ongoing clinical development programs and novel R&D programs. As the 
      head of the EZH2 franchise, Dr. Trojer will also be responsible for 
      integrating translational research, clinical development and 
      pre-commercial activities across CPI-1205 and the company’s 
      next-generation PRC2 medicines. Moreover, Dr. Sims will lead the 
      company’s discovery work, specifically applying its research in cancer 
      epigenetics to the highly complementary area of immuno-oncology. Ms. 
      Sousa will continue to focus on talent acquisition and development, as 
      well as operations to ensure the company is well positioned to achieve 
      its goals.
    

      “These promotions are designed to better align our team’s resources to 
      the company’s near- and long-term research priorities,” Raythatha added. 
      “In the next year and a half, we anticipate completing several 
      value-creating milestones, including transitioning to late-stage 
      development and pre-commercialization of our EZH2 and BET candidates, 
      and fast-tracking these programs to deliver treatments to patients most 
      likely to benefit from them.”
    

About Constellation Pharmaceuticals


      Constellation Pharmaceuticals is a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical 
      company focusing on the development of novel tumor-targeted and 
      immuno-oncology therapies based on its pioneering research in cancer 
      epigenetics. With nearly a decade of experience in the field, the 
      company has an unparalleled understanding of how chromatin biology 
      modulates gene expression. Constellation is translating these insights 
      to advance the company’s two lead clinical programs, EZH2 and BET, and 
      in novel targets for which cancer epigenetics plays a central role.
    

      For more information, please visit www.constellationpharma.com.
    


Contacts

      Pure Communications, Inc.Benjamin Navon, +1 617-337-4166bnavon@purecommunications.com














Release Summary
Constellation Pharmaceuticals Appoints Adrian Senderowicz, M.D., as Senior Vice President and Chief Medical Officer






Contacts

      Pure Communications, Inc.Benjamin Navon, +1 617-337-4166bnavon@purecommunications.com







 
 

 






Search




Advanced News Search

Advanced News Search













Log In
Sign Up












    Adrian Senderowicz | Tokai Pharmaceuticals Inc | ZoomInfo.com


Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











	Constellation Pharma Appoints Adrian Senderowicz M D As Senior Vice President And Chief Medical Officer













































Employer:
Login
Post Jobs


Job Seeker:
Login
Sign Up

























Search Life Sciences Jobs





Search Job Title Only












Radius:
Miles



Km80.5
















                 News | News By Subject | News by Disease |  
    News By Date | Search News



















Get Our FREEIndustry eNewsletter

email:


*
            
*
            



















 

 






Constellation Pharma Appoints Adrian Senderowicz, M.D., As Senior Vice President And Chief Medical Officer

  











Tweet








7/18/2017 6:50:13 AM




  Life Sciences Jobs
 


  &bullet; Newest Jobs - Last 24 Hours


  &bullet; California Jobs


  &bullet; Massachusetts Jobs


  &bullet; New Jersey Jobs


  &bullet; Maryland Jobs


  &bullet; Washington Jobs


  View More Jobs




Company Aligning Executive Team to Realize Full Potential of its 
      EZH2 Franchise in Solid Tumors while Advancing Novel Opportunities at 
      the Nexus of Cancer Epigenetics and Immuno-oncology




CAMBRIDGE, Mass.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Constellation Pharmaceuticals, Inc., a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical 
      company focusing on the development of novel tumor-targeted and 
      immuno-oncology therapies based on its pioneering research in cancer 
      epigenetics, today announced the appointment of Adrian Senderowicz, 
      M.D., as senior vice president and chief medical officer. In addition, 
      the company is promoting three members of its management team, 
      underscoring Constellation Pharmaceuticals’ strategic focus on charting 
      a clear path to registration for the company’s two lead clinical 
      development programs, CPI-1205 and CPI-0610—targeting EZH2 (a member of 
      the PRC2 complex) and BET, respectively—while also exploring new 
      opportunities at the nexus of cancer epigenetics and immuno-oncology.
    
“Constellation Pharmaceuticals is poised to deliver on the promise of 
      its pioneering research in epigenetics by developing therapies that have 
      the potential to address significant medical needs in difficult-to-treat 
      tumors”

      A board-certified medical oncologist by training, Dr. Senderowicz has 
      more than two decades of experience in the life sciences. He was the 
      principal investigator for a multitude of clinical trials in solid and 
      hematological tumors, and brings to Constellation Pharmaceuticals 
      significant regulatory expertise as a former clinical team leader at the 
      U.S. Food and Drug Administration’s (FDA) Center for Drug Evaluation and 
      Research (CDER) Division of Drug Oncology Products.
    

      “Constellation Pharmaceuticals is poised to deliver on the promise of 
      its pioneering research in epigenetics by developing therapies that have 
      the potential to address significant medical needs in difficult-to-treat 
      tumors,” said Dr. Senderowicz. “The company has established a clear path 
      to registration for its two lead clinical development programs—CPI-1205 
      in solid tumors and CPI-0610 in a molecularly-defined and prospectively 
      selected patient population. I look forward to working with the entire 
      team to help ensure the rapid advancement of these potential new 
      medicines for cancer patients.”
    

      Prior to joining Constellation Pharmaceuticals, Dr. Senderowicz served 
      as chief medical officer at Cerulean Pharma, where he helped secure 
      fast-track designation for the company’s lead clinical development 
      program in two indications. Previously, Dr. Senderowicz held roles of 
      increasing responsibility at Ignyta, Inc., Sanofi Oncology, Tokai 
      Pharmaceuticals and AstraZeneca plc. He began his career as an 
      investigator at the National Cancer Institute before joining the FDA’s 
      CDER.
    

      “Adrian has deep expertise translating early scientific research into 
      meaningful clinical outcomes, and possesses the vision, experience and 
      leadership skills required to realize the company’s full potential 
      during this next phase of its evolution,” said Jigar Raythatha, 
      president and chief executive officer of Constellation Pharmaceuticals. 
      “His background in drug development and the regulatory process will be 
      instrumental as we advance our two lead clinical programs toward 
      registration.”
    

Additional Management Team Updates


      In addition to Dr. Senderowicz’s appointment, Constellation 
      Pharmaceuticals is bolstering its efforts by aligning its management 
      team with near- and long-term research and development priorities. As 
      such, the company has promoted Patrick Trojer, Ph.D., to senior vice 
      president of the EZH2 franchise and head of translational sciences; 
      Robert Sims, Ph.D., to senior vice president of research; and Brenda 
      Sousa to senior vice president of human resources and operations.
    

      Drs. Trojer and Sims, both founding scientists of Constellation 
      Pharmaceuticals, will work with Dr. Senderowicz to advance its two 
      ongoing clinical development programs and novel R&D programs. As the 
      head of the EZH2 franchise, Dr. Trojer will also be responsible for 
      integrating translational research, clinical development and 
      pre-commercial activities across CPI-1205 and the company’s 
      next-generation PRC2 medicines. Moreover, Dr. Sims will lead the 
      company’s discovery work, specifically applying its research in cancer 
      epigenetics to the highly complementary area of immuno-oncology. Ms. 
      Sousa will continue to focus on talent acquisition and development, as 
      well as operations to ensure the company is well positioned to achieve 
      its goals.
    

      “These promotions are designed to better align our team’s resources to 
      the company’s near- and long-term research priorities,” Raythatha added. 
      “In the next year and a half, we anticipate completing several 
      value-creating milestones, including transitioning to late-stage 
      development and pre-commercialization of our EZH2 and BET candidates, 
      and fast-tracking these programs to deliver treatments to patients most 
      likely to benefit from them.”
    

About Constellation Pharmaceuticals


      Constellation Pharmaceuticals is a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical 
      company focusing on the development of novel tumor-targeted and 
      immuno-oncology therapies based on its pioneering research in cancer 
      epigenetics. With nearly a decade of experience in the field, the 
      company has an unparalleled understanding of how chromatin biology 
      modulates gene expression. Constellation is translating these insights 
      to advance the company’s two lead clinical programs, EZH2 and BET, and 
      in novel targets for which cancer epigenetics plays a central role.
    

      For more information, please visit www.constellationpharma.com.
    






Contacts


      Pure Communications, Inc.Benjamin Navon, +1 617-337-4166bnavon@purecommunications.com








                Read at
                BioSpace.com







Related News
Jounce (JNCE)'s Number One Employee Rejoins Constellation Pharma as New CEO  GlaxoSmithKline (GSK) Poaches Another Top Exec—This Time From Pfizer (PFE)  Constellation Pharma Raises $55 Million In Mezzanine Financing   'Retired' Celgene (CELG) Alum Lands Chairman Gig at Biotech Guru Ramaswamy's Dermavant Constellation Pharma Mulls IPO After Genentech (RHHBY) Declines to Buy  Backed by Google (GOOG), Evelo Bags $50 Million and Names Some Industry Vets to the Team  Constellation Pharmaceuticals Initiates Clinical Development Of CPI-1205, A Novel Inhibitor Of EZH2, In Patients With Lymphoma
  Why Groupon’s Cofounder Is Diving Head First Into Healthcare  Constellation Pharmaceuticals Quietly Cuts 23 Employees as Genentech (RHHBY)'s Decision Looms  AstraZeneca PLC (AZN) Confirms CEO is Staying Put—For Now  




Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
comments powered by Disqus






















                            •
                            BioSpace.com










                            •
                            Constellation Pharmaceuticals




             
        





                            •
                            Biotech/Pharma - Personnel




             
        















                              
                            

                              
                             
                              
                            

                              
                            








                 






































Adrian M. Senderowicz M.D. - Executive Bio, Compensation History, and Contacts - Equilar Atlas










 

















Log in | Sign up








x

 






As Featured In



















Adrian M. Senderowicz M.D.
Former Board Member at Puma Biotechnology, Inc.


View Full Profile
Are you Adrian M. Senderowicz M.D.? Claim your profile


 


Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Adrian M. Senderowicz M.D.'s full profile. 
With Equilar Atlas, you can:



IDENTIFY corporate executives in Adrian M. Senderowicz M.D.'s  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Adrian M. Senderowicz M.D.'s employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Adrian M. Senderowicz M.D. through your network of contacts.
												








Adrian M. Senderowicz M.D.'s Executive Work History


Past
To view Adrian M. Senderowicz M.D.'s complete executive work history, sign up now
Age
-

 
 


Adrian M. Senderowicz M.D.'s Biography



Dr. Senderowicz has been a director since August 2015. Dr. Senderowicz has been Senior Vice President and Chief Medical Officer of Cerulean Pharma, Inc., a public clinical-stage company developing nano-particle conjugates, since September 2015. Dr. Senderowicz served as the Chief Medical Officer and Senior Vice President, Clinical Development and Regulatory Affairs from August 2014 to February 2015, and Clinical and Regulatory Strategy Officer from February 2015 to April 2015 of Ignyta, Inc., a public precision oncology biotechnology company. Prior to joining Ignyta, Dr. Senderowicz was Vice President, Global Regulatory Oncology at Sanofi, a  ...
(Read More)

			Dr. Senderowicz has been a director since August 2015. Dr. Senderowicz has been Senior Vice President and Chief Medical Officer of Cerulean Pharma, Inc., a public clinical-stage company developing nano-particle conjugates, since September 2015. Dr. Senderowicz served as the Chief Medical Officer and Senior Vice President, Clinical Development and Regulatory Affairs from August 2014 to February 2015, and Clinical and Regulatory Strategy Officer from February 2015 to April 2015 of Ignyta, Inc., a public precision oncology biotechnology company. Prior to joining Ignyta, Dr. Senderowicz was Vice President, Global Regulatory Oncology at Sanofi, a position he held from September 2013 to August 2014. Prior to Sanofi, Dr. Senderowicz was Chief Medical Officer and Vice President, Medical Development at Tokai Pharmaceuticals, Inc. from August 2012 to March 2013. From August 2008 to March 2012, Dr. Senderowicz held positions of increasing responsibility, including Senior Medical Director, Oncology Clinical Development, at AstraZeneca. Before his tenure at AstraZeneca, Dr. Senderowicz spent almost four years in a variety of leadership positions at the U.S. Food and Drug Administration Division of Oncology Drug Products in the Center for Drug Evaluation and Research. Prior to his work with the FDA, Dr. Senderowicz held a variety of clinical and research positions, including Coordinator of the Prostate Cancer Drug Development Clinic and Investigator and Chief, Molecular Therapeutics Unit, with the National Cancer Institute/National Institutes of Health. Dr. Senderowicz holds both an M.D. and an Instructor of Pharmacology degree from the School of Medicine at the Universidad de Buenos Aires in Argentina. Dr. Senderowicz was nominated as a director because of his extensive clinical and regulatory background and his significant experience in the life sciences industry.
		
Source: Puma Biotechnology, Inc. on 04/28/2017
		
	

 






Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Adrian M. Senderowicz M.D.'s full profile. 



												By accessing Equilar Atlas, you can view bios, network, salary and wealth events
												of industry-leading executives like Adrian M. Senderowicz M.D.. More specifically, you'll be able to:
												

IDENTIFY corporate executives in Adrian M. Senderowicz M.D.'s  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Adrian M. Senderowicz M.D.'s employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Adrian M. Senderowicz M.D. through your network of conections.
												




View Full Profile


 








Search for over 360,000 executive profiles.





/bio



													Example: Adrian M. Senderowicz M.D.


















Popular Profiles






														Sign up now to view more executive profiles »
														









Thomas J. Lynch
Executive Chairman, TE Connectivity Ltd.









John J. Kita
EVP and CFO, A. O. Smith









Carl G. Annessa
EVP and COO, Hornbeck Offshore Services, Inc.









Elon R. Musk
CEO and Chairman, Tesla









Michael C. Montgomery
Board Member, NMI Holdings, Inc.












×

Claim Your Profile Coming Soon
Interested in updating your biography and work history?
We're working on making it happen.
We'll email you when this feature is available.
Please enter valid email address.

Done


Thank you for your interest.
Ok






			Browse executive profiles:
			
				 A
			
				 B
			
				 C
			
				 D
			
				 E
			
				 F
			
				 G
			
				 H
			
				 I
			
				 J
			
				 K
			
				 L
			
				 M
			
				 N
			
				 O
			
				 P
			
				 Q
			
				 R
			
				 S
			
				 T
			
				 U
			
				 V
			
				 W
			
				 X
			
				 Y
			
				 Z



Equilar Homepage
Equilar Atlas
Equilar Insight
Equilar BoardEdge
Equilar Engage
Research Services
Knowledge Network
About Us
Login

ï¿½ 2017 Equilar All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
1100 Marshall Street, Redwood City, CA 94063 | Phone (650) 241-6600 | Fax (650) 701-0993



















Adrian Senderowicz, MD | The Conference Forum





































































Chief Medical Officer Summit

Save The Date!
May 7-8, 2018
Omni Parker House, Boston, MA, USA



Menu

Home
Conferences

Mobile in Clinical TrialsDPharm Pre-Con WorkshopDisruptive Innovations USPartnerships in Drug DeliveryPatients as Partners EuropeDisrupting Clinical Trials EuropeImmuno-Oncology 360°R&D Leadership SummitPatients as Partners USClinical Trial CollaborationsClinical Research as a Care OptionChief Medical Officer SummitRational Combinations 360° 

Advisors
Scholarships
Pharma Talk Radio
About Us

Affiliations

Cancer Research Institute
CISCRP


Mission
FAQs
News
Videos


Contact Us

How to Get Involved

Exhibit/Sponsor
Speaker/Panelist
Media









Overview
Speakers
Speaker Presentations
Agenda
Download Agenda
Who Should Attend
Sponsorship/Exhibitor Opportunities
2018 Sponsors / Exhibitors
2017 Sponsors / Exhibitors
2017 Partners / Media
Venue & Hotel Information
Event Blog
2017 Photo Gallery
Scholarships



Chief Medical Officer Summit Speakers Adrian Senderowicz, MD
CMO Cerulean Pharma, Inc
Dr Adrian Senderowicz has served as our Senior Vice President and Chief Medical Officer since September 2015. Dr Senderowicz was Chief Medical Officer and Senior Vice President, Clinical Development and Regulatory Affairs at Ignyta, Inc, a precision oncology biotechnology company, where he served from 2014 to 2015.
Prior to joining Ignyta, Dr Senderowicz served as Vice President, Global Regulatory Oncology at Sanofi from 2013 to 2014, Chief Medical Officer at Tokai Pharmaceuticals from 2012 to 2013, and Senior Medical Director, Oncology Clinical Development at AstraZeneca from 2008 to 2012. Before his tenure at AstraZeneca, Dr Senderowicz held a variety of leadership positions at the US Food and Drug Administration Division of Oncology Drug Products in the Center for Drug Evaluation and Research and a variety of clinical and research positions with the National Cancer Institute/National Institutes of Health, or NCI, including Investigator and Chief, Molecular Therapeutics Unit.
Dr Senderowicz currently serves as a member of the board of directors of Puma Biotechnology, Inc, a publicly traded biopharmaceutical company. He completed his internal medicine residency training at the Icahn School of Medicine at Mount Sinai, and a clinical oncology fellowship at the NCI. Dr Senderowicz holds an MD from the School of Medicine at the Universidad de Buenos Aires in Argentina.
Return to Speakers page »






Home |
        Conferences |
        Advisors |
        News |
        About Us |
        Contact Us
Privacy Policy |
        Terms and Conditions


        © 2017 The Conference Forum
    

Follow Us:
facebook
twitter
linkedin

















Adrian M. Senderowicz - Senior Vice President & Chief Medical Officer at Constellation Pharmaceuticals, Inc.



























































                      NEWS HOME
                    

Advertising
Board and Executive Moves
Energy
Health Care
Hedge Funds
M & A
Private Equity
Technology








            You have  
            
9 free profiles

              left this month   
			      

                Start Your Free Trial ➤
              








            Hey, we noticed you're a RelSci Pro subscriber! Would you like to view the page there?
            

                View on RelSci Pro ➤
              




























































































































Email







LinkedIn







Facebook







Google+







Tweet







Reddit





Permalink





Adrian M. Senderowicz
Senior Vice President & Chief Medical Officer at Constellation Pharmaceuticals, Inc.



Overview
In The News Relationships Paths
Education Career History Boards & Committees Investments Transactions 


Adrian M. Senderowicz
Senior Vice President & Chief Medical Officer at Constellation Pharmaceuticals, Inc.



 Overview



Age



53
                                  (Born 1964)
                                              




Board Seats



1





Number of Relationships



                This person is connected to 1,231 people.
              






 In The News
          See more




RelSci
July 18, 2017





                        Adrian M. Senderowicz is now serving in a new position at Constellation Pharmaceuticals, Inc.                    





Business Wire
July 18, 2017





                        Constellation Pharmaceuticals Appoints Adrian Senderowicz, M.D., as Senior Vice President and Chief Medical Officer                    





Business Wire
September 8, 2015





                        Cerulean Appoints Adrian Senderowicz, M.D., as Chief Medical Officer                    





Business Wire
February 2, 2015





                        Ignyta Expands Clinical Leadership Team with Appointments of Pratik Multani, M.D., M.S., as Chief Medical Officer and Adrian Senderowicz, M.D., as Clinical and Regulatory Strategy Officer                    





Business Wire
November 7, 2014





                        Ignyta Announces Third Quarter 2014 Company Highlights and Financial Results                    







See full news coverage and complete stories with RelSci Professional.

Create Your News Feed








See  More 






 Relationships
              See Details




Alan H. Auerbach

Founder at Puma Biotechnology, Inc.




Jay M. Moyes

Managing Member at Drayton Investments LLC





Thomas R. Malley

President at Mossrock Capital LLC




Frank E. Zavrl

Former Equity Analyst at Adage Capital Management LP





Troy E. Wilson

Co-Founder at Avidity Biosciences LLC




Jacob M. Chacko

Former Chief Financial Officer at Ignyta, Inc.





Zachary Hornby

Former Chief Financial Officer & Vice President-Corporate Development at Ignyta, Inc.




Jonathan E. Lim

Chairman, Chief Executive Officer & Co-Founder at Ignyta, Inc.





Robert Shoemaker

Director-BioInformatics Department at Ignyta, Inc.




Robert Wild

Executive-in-Residence at ShangPharma Innovation, Inc.







See 1,221 more listings with RelSci Professional.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See 1,221 More 


 


 Paths to Adrian M. Senderowicz



            Adrian M. Senderowicz          




 You



 Connections via Relationship Science



 Adrian M. Senderowicz






Sync your contacts to see how you can connect with Adrian M. Senderowicz.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Educational Background



 


University of Buenos Aires

                  The University of Buenos Aires (Spanish: Universidad de Buenos Aires, UBA) is the largest university in Argentina and the second largest university by enrollment in Latin America. Founded on August 12, 1821 in the city of Buenos Aires, it consists of 13 departments, 6 hospitals, 10 museums and is linked to 4 high schools: Colegio Nacional de Buenos Aires, Escuela Superior de Comercio Carlos Pellegrini, Instituto Libre de Segunda Enseñanza and Escuela de Educación Técnica Profesional en Producción Agropecuaria y Agroalimentaria.                





 Career History



Senior Vice President & Chief Medical Officer

                                    2017 - Current                


Constellation Pharmaceuticals, Inc.


                  Constellation Pharmaceuticals, Inc provides biopharmaceutical products. It discovers and develops small molecule therapeutics for the treatment of cancer, inflammatory and immunologic disorders. The company was founded by Danny Reinberg, David Allis and Yang Shi in 2008 and is headquartered in Cambridge, MA.                




Chief Medical Officer & Senior Vice President

                                    2015 - 2017                


Cerulean Pharma, Inc.


                  Cerulean Pharma, Inc. is a clinical-stage, oncology-focused company, which provides proprietary Dynamic Tumor Targeting Platform to develop differentiated therapies. It specializes in the design and development of nanopharmaceuticals. Cerulean's nanopharmaceuticals are drug-containing nanoparticles designed and optimized to enhance therapeutic agents, ranging from small molecules to therapeutic peptides and RNAi molecules. The company was founded by Alan L. Crane and Ram Sasisekharn on November 28, 2005 and is headquartered in Waltham, MA.                




Chief Medical Officer & Senior Vice President, Clinical Development & Regulatory Affairs

                                    Prior - 2015                


Infinity Oil & Gas Co.


                  Infinity Oil & Gas Co. is an exploration stage company, which engages in the search for oil and gas. It  intends to explore for oil and gas. Infinity Oil & Gas was founded on August 21, 2012 and is headquartered in Woodmere, NY.                




Chief Medical Officer & Senior Vice President, Clinical Development & Regulatory Affairs

                                    2014 - 2015                


Ignyta, Inc.


                  Ignyta, Inc. is a precision oncology biotechnology company that engages in the discovering, acquiring, developing and commercializing targeted new drugs for cancer patients. It plans focus on two product candidates: entrectinib, a tyrosine kinase inhibitor directed to the Trk family tyrosine kinase receptors ROS1 and ALK proteins, which is in two Phase I/II clinical studies in molecularly defined patient populations for the treatment of solid tumors; and RXDX-103, a development program targeting the cell division cycle 7-related, or CDC7, protein kinase. The company was founded by Jonathan E. Lim on October 31, 2013 and is headquartered in San Diego, CA.                




Vice President-Global Regulatory Oncology

                                    2013 - 2014                


Sanofi


                  Sanofi, a diversified global healthcare leader, discovers, develops, and distributes therapeutic solutions to improve the lives of everyone. We work to prevent and treat the diseases that we know of today, as well as those we may face tomorrow. With nearly 100,000 dedicated professionals in more than 100 countries, Sanofi is devoted to advancing healthcare around the world. Sanofi US, with headquarters in Bridgewater, New Jersey, along with our vaccines division, Sanofi Pasteur, employs more than 11,400 professionals throughout the country. At Sanofi, we work for what really matters: health                




Chief Medical Officer & VP-Medical Development

                                    2012 - 2013                


Tokai Pharmaceuticals, Inc.


                  Tokai Pharmaceuticals, Inc. is a clinical stage biopharmaceutical company, which engages in developing novel proprietary therapies for the treatment of prostate cancer and hormonally driven diseases. The company was founded by Joseph A. Yanchik, Gregory L. Verdine, and Seth L. Harrison on March 26, 2004 and is headquartered in Boston, MA.                




Senior Medical Director-Oncology Division

                                    2008 - 2012                


AstraZeneca Plc


                  AstraZeneca Plc is a holding company, which engages in the research, development, and manufacture of pharmaceutical products. The company produces and commercializes medicines for gastrointestinal, cardiovascular, neuroscience, respiratory and inflammation, oncology, and infectious diseases. Its pipeline consists of azd 0156, medi 573, tagrisso bloom, durvalumab, selumetinib, lyparza polo, epanova, farxiga and brilinta. The company distributes its products under the following brands: Atacand, Crestor, Onglyza, Nexium, Entocort, Losec, Merrem/Meronem, Carbocaine, Citanest, Diprivan, Marcaine/Sensorcaine. AstraZeneca was founded on April 6, 1999 and is headquartered in London, the United Kingdom.                




Head-Prostate Cancer Clinic

                                    Prior                


National Institutes of Health


                  NIH is the largest source of funding for medical research in the world, creating hundreds of thousands of high-quality jobs by funding thousands of scientists in universities and research institutions in every state across America and around the globe.

NIH is made up of 27 Institutes and Centers, each with a specific research agenda, often focusing on particular diseases or body systems. NIH leadership plays an active role in shaping the agency's research planning, activities, and outlook.

The Office of the Director is the central office at NIH, responsible for setting policy for NIH and for planning, managing, and coordinating the programs and activities of all the NIH components. The NIH Director, with a unique and critical perspective on the entire agency, is responsible for providing leadership to the Institutes and for constantly identifying needs and opportunities, especially for efforts that involve multiple Institutes. The NIH Director is assisted by the NIH Deputy Directors including the Principal Deputy Director, who shares in the overall direction of the agency's activities.

NIH is responsive to Congressional legislation that adjusts NIH's programs to meet changing research needs. As a result of the NIH reauthorization process, NIH is able to respond strategically in an era when medical research requires constant innovation and increased interdisciplinary efforts.

More than 80% of the NIH's budget goes to more than 300,000 research personnel at over 2,500 universities and research institutions. In addition, about 6,000 scientists work in NIH’s own Intramural Research laboratories, most of which are on the NIH main campus in Bethesda, Maryland. The main campus is also home to the NIH Clinical Center, the largest hospital in the world totally dedicated to clinical research.

Successful biomedical research depends on the talent and dedication of the scientific workforce. NIH supports many innovative training programs and funding mechanisms that foster scientific creativity and exploration. The goal is to strengthen our nation’s research capacity, broaden our research base, and inspire a passion for science in current and future generations of researchers.

NIH encourages and depends on public involvement in federally supported research and activities. NIH’s wide-ranging public efforts include outreach and education, nationwide events, requests for public input on NIH projects, and special programs designed specifically to involve public representatives in clinical research                




Clinical Team Leader-Oncology Division

                                    Prior                


U.S. Food and Drug Administration


                  The Food and Drug Administration (FDA or USFDA) is an agency of the United States Department of Health and Human Services, one of the United States federal executive departments. The FDA is responsible for protecting and promoting public health through the regulation and supervision of food safety, tobacco products, dietary supplements, prescription and over-the-counter pharmaceutical drugs (medications), vaccines, biopharmaceuticals, blood transfusions, medical devices, electromagnetic radiation emitting devices (ERED), and veterinary products.

The FDA also enforces other laws, notably Section 361 of the Public Health Service Act and associated regulations, many of which are not directly related to food or drugs. These include sanitation requirements on interstate travel and control of disease on products ranging from certain household pets to sperm donation for assisted reproduction.

The FDA is led by the Commissioner of Food and Drugs, appointed by the President with the advice and consent of the Senate. The Commissioner reports to the Secretary of Health and Human Services. The 21st and current Commissioner is Dr. Margaret A. Hamburg. She has served as Commissioner since May 2009.

The FDA has its headquarters in unincorporated White Oak, Maryland. The agency also has 223 field offices and 13 laboratories located throughout the 50 states, the United States Virgin Islands, and Puerto Rico. In 2008, the FDA started opening offices in foreign countries, including China, India, Costa Rica, Chile, Belgium, and the United Kingdom.

In June 1906, President Theodore Roosevelt signed into law the Food and Drug Act, also known as the "Wiley Act" after its chief advocate Dr. Harvey Washington Wiley who riveted the country's and eventually congress's attention with public hygiene demonstrations. This act was the basis for the modern USFDA, being originally given the name of the Food, Drug, and Insecticide organization. The name eventually was shortened to the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) a few years later.                





 Boards & Committees



Corporate Boards ▾




Member, Board of Directors

                    2015 - Current                  


Puma Biotechnology, Inc.

                    Puma Biotechnology, Inc. is a development stage biopharmaceutical company. It acquires and develops innovative products for the treatment of various forms of cancer. The company focuses on in-licensing drug candidates that are undergoing or have already completed initial clinical testing for the treatment of cancer and then seek to further develop those drug candidates for commercial use. Puma Biotechnology was founded by Alan H. Auerbach on September 15, 2010 and is headquartered in Los Angeles, CA.                  





 Investments



 Details Hidden


Tokai Pharmaceuticals, Inc.

                  Tokai Pharmaceuticals, Inc. is a clinical stage biopharmaceutical company, which engages in developing novel proprietary therapies for the treatment of prostate cancer and hormonally driven diseases. The company was founded by Joseph A. Yanchik, Gregory L. Verdine, and Seth L. Harrison on March 26, 2004 and is headquartered in Boston, MA.                





 Transactions



 Details Hidden



                  Cerulean Pharma, Inc. raised money in a private placement transaction                                  





 Other Affiliations




              Adrian M. Senderowicz is affiliated with
                            Constellation Pharmaceuticals, Inc., Cerulean Pharma, Inc., Infinity Oil & Gas Co., Ignyta, Inc., Sanofi, Tokai Pharmaceuticals, Inc., AstraZeneca Plc, National Institutes of Health, U.S. Food and Drug Administration, Puma Biotechnology, Inc..
            





You've reached your 10 free profiles limit this month.
Upgrade to RelSci Pro today to enjoy unlimited article views and much more!

Start My Free Trial  ➤

Still not convinced? Check out our full listing of features here.












Are you a RelSci Pro Subscriber?

Login to RelSci Pro 
                        ➤


Not a Pro Subscriber? Log in here to manage your alerts









 Keep me signed in.
        

Login  ➤



        Forgot your Password?
    

























 I have read the LexisNexis terms & conditions




Sign Me Up  ➤


















  	Adrian Senderowicz Joins Constellation Pharma as Chief Medical Officer | Xconomy	



















































































 




EXOME
all the information, none of the junk | biotech • healthcare • life sciences









Want EXOME sent to you daily?








Meet the Contributors →
















            Adrian Senderowicz Joins Constellation Pharma as Chief Medical Officer  			




 







Frank Vinluan

			July 19th, 2017		



@frankvinluan @xconomyLike Us



 Xconomy
            
Boston         — 
      
Constellation Pharmaceuticals has appointed Adrian Senderowicz senior vice president and chief medical officer. Before joining Constellation, a Cambridge, MA-based cancer immunotherapy developer, Senderowicz was chief medical officer at Waltham, MA-based Cerulean Pharma (NASDAQ: CERU). His experience includes positions at Ignyta (NASDAQ: RXDX), Sanofi Oncology (NYSE: SNY), Tokai Pharmaceuticals, and AstraZeneca (NYSE: AZN). Senderowicz also worked in the FDA’s Center for Drug Evaluation Research in the division that reviews oncology products.


  				    Frank Vinluan is editor of Xconomy Raleigh-Durham, based in Research Triangle Park. You can reach him at fvinluan [at] xconomy.com      				Follow @frankvinluan 



Share on Facebook



Share on Twitter



LinkedIn



Email


Reprints



More from EXOME




 
AstraZeneca’s Zelenkofske Joins UniQure as Chief Medical Officer





 
Genentech’s Raphaël Rousseau Joins Gritstone as Chief Medical Officer





 
AstraZeneca’s Yong Ben Joins BioAlta as Chief Medical Officer




Trending on Xconomy
Toast Devours $101M for Restaurant Tech, Plans to Hire 1,000
Merck Drug Shows No Life-Extending Benefit in Head-and-Neck Cancer
Illumina Accelerator Sees ‘Huge Impact in Genomics’ in New Startups




















 




Underwriters and Partners



















Xpertise: Watch + Learn







From Our Editors · Podcast

Xconomy Voices 01: Mary Lou Jepsen

Mary Lou Jepsen is a fearsome samurai when it comes to the design and manufacturing of electronics.








From Our Editors · Podcast

Xconomy Voices 02: Christopher Ahlberg of Recorded Future

Recorded Future, a cybersecurity startup based in Somerville, MA, has an intriguing approach to solving some of the biggest problems in data and network security.








Xconomy Insight · Special Report

Starting a Biotech Company: What Every Entrepreneur Needs to Know

Success or failure depends on you. Get advice from the experts to help your startup succeed





From Our Advertisers








WI Startups See Growth in Investment Levels in 2016

137 companies raise more than $276 million in 2016
Wisconsin Economic Development Corporation













The Feed
Tweets from https://twitter.com/Xconomy/lists/lifesci 










 



Home
Privacy/DMCA
Security Disclosures
About
Contact Us
Archives
Advertise
Subscribe for Free



	Business, life sciences, and technology news — covering Boston, Seattle, San Diego, Detroit/Ann Arbor, San Francisco, New York, Raleigh-Durham, Boulder/Denver, Texas, Wisconsin, Indiana, and beyond.
	
© 2007-2017, Xconomy, Inc.
		Xconomy is a registered service mark of Xconomy, Inc.
		All rights reserved.
	

	  Website development support from Andrew Koyfman with design support from Rob Hunter.
  








































Constellation Pharmaceuticals Appoints Adrian Senderowicz, M.D., as Senior Vice President and Chief Medical Officer - Biotech 365







































Biotech 365




Search













Constellation Pharmaceuticals Appoints Adrian Senderowicz, M.D., as Senior Vice President and Chief Medical Officer

Posted on 2017-07-18  by  Biotech365 



Company Aligning Executive Team to Realize Full Potential of its
      EZH2 Franchise in Solid Tumors while Advancing Novel Opportunities at
      the Nexus of Cancer Epigenetics and Immuno-oncology

CAMBRIDGE, Mass.–(BUSINESS WIRE)–Constellation Pharmaceuticals, Inc., a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical
      company focusing on the development of novel tumor-targeted and
      immuno-oncology therapies based on its pioneering research in cancer
      epigenetics, today announced the appointment of Adrian Senderowicz,
      M.D., as senior vice president and chief medical officer. In addition,
      the company is promoting three members of its management team,
      underscoring Constellation Pharmaceuticals’ strategic focus on charting
      a clear path to registration for the company’s two lead clinical
      development programs, CPI-1205 and CPI-0610—targeting EZH2 (a member of
      the PRC2 complex) and BET, respectively—while also exploring new
      opportunities at the nexus of cancer epigenetics and immuno-oncology.
    


      A board-certified medical oncologist by training, Dr. Senderowicz has
      more than two decades of experience in the life sciences. He was the
      principal investigator for a multitude of clinical trials in solid and
      hematological tumors, and brings to Constellation Pharmaceuticals
      significant regulatory expertise as a former clinical team leader at the
      U.S. Food and Drug Administration’s (FDA) Center for Drug Evaluation and
      Research (CDER) Division of Drug Oncology Products.
    

      “Constellation Pharmaceuticals is poised to deliver on the promise of
      its pioneering research in epigenetics by developing therapies that have
      the potential to address significant medical needs in difficult-to-treat
      tumors,” said Dr. Senderowicz. “The company has established a clear path
      to registration for its two lead clinical development programs—CPI-1205
      in solid tumors and CPI-0610 in a molecularly-defined and prospectively
      selected patient population. I look forward to working with the entire
      team to help ensure the rapid advancement of these potential new
      medicines for cancer patients.”
    

      Prior to joining Constellation Pharmaceuticals, Dr. Senderowicz served
      as chief medical officer at Cerulean Pharma, where he helped secure
      fast-track designation for the company’s lead clinical development
      program in two indications. Previously, Dr. Senderowicz held roles of
      increasing responsibility at Ignyta, Inc., Sanofi Oncology, Tokai
      Pharmaceuticals and AstraZeneca plc. He began his career as an
      investigator at the National Cancer Institute before joining the FDA’s
      CDER.
    

      “Adrian has deep expertise translating early scientific research into
      meaningful clinical outcomes, and possesses the vision, experience and
      leadership skills required to realize the company’s full potential
      during this next phase of its evolution,” said Jigar Raythatha,
      president and chief executive officer of Constellation Pharmaceuticals.
      “His background in drug development and the regulatory process will be
      instrumental as we advance our two lead clinical programs toward
      registration.”
    

Additional Management Team Updates


      In addition to Dr. Senderowicz’s appointment, Constellation
      Pharmaceuticals is bolstering its efforts by aligning its management
      team with near- and long-term research and development priorities. As
      such, the company has promoted Patrick Trojer, Ph.D., to senior vice
      president of the EZH2 franchise and head of translational sciences;
      Robert Sims, Ph.D., to senior vice president of research; and Brenda
      Sousa to senior vice president of human resources and operations.
    

      Drs. Trojer and Sims, both founding scientists of Constellation
      Pharmaceuticals, will work with Dr. Senderowicz to advance its two
      ongoing clinical development programs and novel R&D programs. As the
      head of the EZH2 franchise, Dr. Trojer will also be responsible for
      integrating translational research, clinical development and
      pre-commercial activities across CPI-1205 and the company’s
      next-generation PRC2 medicines. Moreover, Dr. Sims will lead the
      company’s discovery work, specifically applying its research in cancer
      epigenetics to the highly complementary area of immuno-oncology. Ms.
      Sousa will continue to focus on talent acquisition and development, as
      well as operations to ensure the company is well positioned to achieve
      its goals.
    

      “These promotions are designed to better align our team’s resources to
      the company’s near- and long-term research priorities,” Raythatha added.
      “In the next year and a half, we anticipate completing several
      value-creating milestones, including transitioning to late-stage
      development and pre-commercialization of our EZH2 and BET candidates,
      and fast-tracking these programs to deliver treatments to patients most
      likely to benefit from them.”
    

About Constellation Pharmaceuticals


      Constellation Pharmaceuticals is a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical
      company focusing on the development of novel tumor-targeted and
      immuno-oncology therapies based on its pioneering research in cancer
      epigenetics. With nearly a decade of experience in the field, the
      company has an unparalleled understanding of how chromatin biology
      modulates gene expression. Constellation is translating these insights
      to advance the company’s two lead clinical programs, EZH2 and BET, and
      in novel targets for which cancer epigenetics plays a central role.
    

      For more information, please visit www.constellationpharma.com.
    
Contacts 

      Pure Communications, Inc.Benjamin Navon, +1 617-337-4166bnavon@purecommunications.com









 



Follow Biotech 365 ! Follow @Biotech365



Newsletter

E-mail *











Search on Biotech 365 : 










Search for Protocols :  










Search on PubMed : 










  Recent Posts 

#jobs #lifescience Technical Support Specialist II


BRESSER USB DIGITAL MICROSCOPE


1000X 8 LED 2MP USB Digital Microscope Endoscope Magnifier Camera+Lift Stand NEW


#jobs #lifescience AstraZeneca – Cambridge: Statistics Director & Biometrics Team Leader – Oncology


BIO Applauds US Court of Appeals Decision on the Renewable Fuel Standard


Global Paediatric Vaccine Market to Grow at a CAGR of 15.6% by 2023: Key Players are Pfizer, Sanofi Pasteur, Merck, Medimmune & Astellas Pharma Inc – Research and Markets


#jobs #lifescience AstraZeneca – Cambridge: Senior Statistician – Oncology


Global DNA Vaccine Market to Grow at a CAGR of 55% by 2023: Increasing Adoption of DNA Vaccines for Animal Healthcare – Research and Markets


#jobs #lifescience Hyper Recruitment Solutions (HRS): Graduate Sales Executive


#jobs #lifescience Paramount Recruitment: Neuroscience Software Engineer/Scientist (Barcelona)


  



 











