


Senior Housing Investments Funding Senior Communities Investing in Longevity | Senior Living Investment Made Easy











































 


































 




You are Invited To Join the Senior Living Fund In a Remarkable Off Market Passive Income Investment Opportunity  


Your browser does not support this contact form. The contact form cannot be displayed. Please Email us at team@seniorlivingfund.com




 







The profound growth dynamics of the U.S. senior population and the success of the U.S. seniors housing industry create a powerful investment environment and position the Senior Living Investment Fund  for consistent profits in structured development opportunities. Demand for Senior Housing Continues to Exceed Supply. As an investor you can participate in early stage Senior Living Facility Developments







 
 
 


 
Why Senior Housing is Real Estate’s Most Recession Proof Asset Class ?
 
 




HIGH DEMAND  
The rate at which American Seniors are retiring is truly staggering. The number of Americans 65 and older will increase from 47.8 million in 2015 to 79.2 million by 2035, due to the emergence of Baby Boomers into the age of retirement. Such a vast increase only creates a greater demand for Senior Living Facilities.





LOW SUPPLY 
As the elderly population grows, the rate of senior housing new construction is not keeping pace. Units under construction began a significant decline in 2008 and continued to fall through 2011 with only modest growth through 2014. When these two dynamics are married, the need that is left unaddressed is the growing market for newer and better facilities/communities tailored to emerging retirees.




 




10000 Baby BoomersBaby Boomers Turn 65 Each Day






60000New Senior Housing Units Required Per Year  




 
 173Percent Increase Per Year In  Senior Housing Units is Necessary To Meet The Projected Demand
 –

 
 
 
 



 
 
 
You Can Earn
 13%-21% Annualized Projected Rates of Return
By Participating with Senior Living Fund in the Funding & Development of New Senior Housing Communities!






–
–
Senior Living Facilities are well positioned for success in all phases of the real estate cycle
 
Each Senior Living Development is Carefully Evaluated & Vetted

 

A detailed examination of all the risk elements are evaluated, managed and mitigated.
 



			–
		



 
Market demand, facility design & construction, location intelligence, operations management,  financial reserves, sound economics/business model and an executable exit strategy all must be present before any senior living development project is considered. Senior Living Fund gives investors insider access to these pre-vetted developments.
 
Senior Living as an asset class has been historically difficult for average investors to access until now. Institutional investors and specialized operators have been the primary beneficiaries concentrating on an asset class whose demand has been driven by major demographic trends.  Now astute individual investors can also capitalize on these trends and earn strong yields in a proven niche.
 
On a national macro level the demographic trends are clear. The rapidly aging population is fueling demand for senior living facilities that are in short supply. This is the main driver for growth and why senior living has continuously proven to be a strong asset class regardless of the condition of the overall economy.
 
On a micro level a much more detailed Due Diligence process takes place on each and every project to ensure every new senior living development is a success for investors and residents alike.  The projected returns of 13% – 21% are exceptional given the relative low risk of the investment.
 








 
LEARN MORE ABOUT OUR DETAILED DUE DILIGENCE PROCESS 











Location Selection: On every project sponsored by Senior Living Fund an independent 3rd party consultant is brought in to look at the local supply and demand and conduct absorption studies to insure facilities only get built in the highest demand micro markets.
Facility Design: Facilities are designed to highest standards for residence and for each project we bring in consultants on facility design that are known throughout the industry. Our facility designs are state of the art properties that are held in high regard by leading health care REITs which assist in executing exit strategy. More importantly our facility designs meet the demands on senior Baby Boomers, creating communities with multiple social destinations, restaurant style dining, spacious private rooms and baths, as well as therapy & wellness. The bottom line is Senior Living Fund encourages designs that afford the quality lifestyle that aging Americans deserve.
Developers: A detailed inquiry into each development team looks at the experience and track record of the developer. Our typical developer always has a seasoned team often with decades of experience in construction, development and management experience in the assisted living field.
Long Term Operators: *** This is where Senior Living projects differ from other real estate classes like multifamily, office or retail. The management of the facilities are highly specialized to the care of seniors. Having the right long term operator is possibly the most critical factor in a project’s success. Senior living Fund only works with long term operators with a track record of successful operation of senior living facilities in multiple states and multiple markets. Having high quality well respected Long Term Operators is one of the most essential elements in any senior living development.
Pre-Market Activities: Our operators start marketing occupancy during the development cycle. These Pre-market activities help minimize the time needed for stabilization and gets our properties to full occupancy and operational stabilization in short order.
Investor Exit Strategy: Senior Living Fund conducts the utmost due diligence on our Developers, Long Term Operators, Location Intelligence & Facility Design. Our facilities are operational and stabilized in the shortest amount of time possible. Facilities are built on demand to be acquired by a REIT or refinanced via HUD long term permanent financing typically in 48 months. A definitive timeline and exit strategy help mitigate and insure successful outcomes for all partners and investors.








 
 
How Does Senior Housing Perform Against Other Real Estate Sectors?
–







–
Senior Housing Is A Recession Resilient Asset Class
 







A major benefit for investors in the Senior Housing space is the resiliency of this particular sector of the commercial market. A key component of the Senior Housing market’s success is its lack of reliance on a particular economic or real estate environment. Senior Housing has been the number one performing commercial real estate sector for the last ten years. This includes the period encompassing the 2007 capital market collapse, in-which returns among other commercial sectors fell as much as 20%.








 

 
 



 
 
 
Senior Housing Has Been the Best Performing
Commercial Real Estate Sector For the Past 10 Years.





 

 
–
—
Learn more about investment opportunities in the Senior Housing sector 
 
Your browser does not support this contact form. The contact form cannot be displayed. Please Email us at team@bridgecapitalmanagement.com


–
 –
 
 
 
–
–
–
















3 Senior Housing REITs to Fund Your Retirement | InvestorPlace













































































 



















































Menu 






 Financial Advisor Center
 






DOW-



NASDAQ-



S&P
					500-

















Real estate IPO Redfin soars 36% on its market debut >>> READ MORE

Breaking news sponsored by




























Home > Retirement >  










		3 Senior Housing REITs to Fund Your Retirement	
These senior REITs throw off big dividend yields

Sep 19, 2014, 9:11 am EDT  |  By Charles Sizemore, Principal of Sizemore Capital



 
  View All  

The Baby Boomers are going to need a new place to crash.
The largest generation in U.S. history is retiring en masse, and as things stand now, America lacks the senior housing inventory to accommodate them. A staggering 10,000 Baby Boomers turn 65 every day, and over the next 15 years, the number of Americans over the age of 50 will swell to 132 million. This means unprecedented demand for everything from active retirement communities with golf and tennis lessons to assisted living with full-time nurses.
This is fantastic news if you happen to be a senior housing landlord — and with the plethora of publicly traded senior-themed REITs, you can, indeed, be a landlord. Today, we’re going to look at the senior housing REITs best positioned to profit from the graying of America.
I should be clear on one point: Investing based on demographic trends is a long-term strategy. But your patience is likely to be rewarded. In their groundbreaking 2005 paper on demographics and industry returns, professors Stefano DellaVigna and Joshua Pollet found that, over time horizons of five to ten years, each additional point of annual demand growth due to demographic factors led to a 5%-10% jump in annual abnormal industry stock returns. But over periods of five years or less, demographics had little impact on stock returns. So just remember that patience is key with demographic trends.
With that said, let’s jump into some of the best potential long-term senior REIT buys.
Next Page

  1 2 3 4 View All View All  




Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, http://investorplace.com/2014/09/senior-housing-reits/.
©2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC









More on InvestorPlace





Top 10 ETFs Money Can Buy





Chevron Stands Tall After Q2 Earnings





Amazon Stock Shows a Hint of Weakness





Exxon Mobil Stock Can’t Find Its Legs After Earnings Miss





3 Hot Semiconductor Stocks, 3 Time Bombs





7 ‘Millennial’ Stocks to Buy at Any Age





 














 



ADVERTISEMENT 
 



ADVERTISEMENT 


Editor's Picks





									The Top 10 ETFs Money Can Buy								






									4 Red-Hot Stocks (And 3 That Aren’t)								






									7 ‘Millennial’ Stocks to Buy No Matter What Age You Are								






									3 Hot Semiconductor Stocks, 3 Time Bombs								






									My 3 Favorite Vanguard ETFs								




 

					Most Popular
				



5 Stocks to Sell for AugustThe Top 10 ETFs Money Can BuyAmazon.com, Inc. (AMZN) vs Alphabet Inc (GOOGL) – The Best 10-Year Bet7 All-Weather Stocks to Buy for the Next 30 Years7 High-Yield ETFs for Aggressive Income Investors10 ‘Cheap’ Stocks to Buy That Are Actually Cheap 



Poll of the Day




View and vote in our How confident are you about the U.S. economy under President Donald Trump? poll


Partners 


























 



ADVERTISEMENT 
 












































Richard Band
John Jagerson
Hilary Kramer
Jon Markman
Louis Navellier
Bryan Perry
Ken Trester
Dan Wiener
Richard Young


Blue Chip Growth
Cash Machine
GameChangers
Independent Adviser for Vanguard Investors
Intelligence Report
Maximum Options
Profitable Investing
SlingShot Trader
Trader’s Advantage


Active Trading
Income Investing
Growth Investing
Mutual Funds & ETFs
Value Hunters
Options Trading















Senior Living Fund III California, LLC - Other Real Estate- Brewer  FormDs.com - SEC filings of fundraisings and investments in hedge funds, private equity firms, startups, and growing companies 











 FormDs.com 





 Newest
 Filter
 Local




 









Senior Living Fund III California, LLC

      Industry: Other Real Estate
      (See others in industry)

Address:



    11248 Strang Line Road  
    Lenexa, KS, 66215Phone: 9132837804 




Filings



Date
FilingType
Reported Sold
Incremental Cash 
Type
Exemptions
Link to Raw Filing




	2016-11-29


New


Yet to Sell


$0


Equity Only


06c 3C 3C.5


SEC link






Directors and Executives (Current and Past)



Name
Role



 Dan Brewer 
 Director, Executive 


 Mark Phillips 
 Director, Executive 


 Scott Phillips 
 Executive 


 Mark Shader 
 Executive 





















 


﻿



		Home | Contemporary Healthcare Capital
	
















Mission Statement




Contemporary Healthcare Capital has focused on providing financing solutions solely to the seniors housing and post-acute care industries for nearly 20 years, which enable us to have a deep understanding of trends and challenges facing the industry at any given time.  We are more relationship driven than transactional as evidenced by multi-year clients who continue to utilize our services and products year after year.  We don’t adhere to “box lending” and uniquely tailor our loans and investments to meet the mutual needs of both our provider/borrower clients as well as our lending partners.










Recent Transactions





“Contemporary Healthcare has been a great asset for our company’s growth....”

Win Porter
 President of Medical Development Corp



“Contemporary Capital was a true partner who helped strategize effective ways to handle project delays and overruns with a keen eye on not impacting the integrity of the product...”
Jesse Marinko



“I had the pleasure of working with CHC on our Market Street Memory Care new development project in Palm Coast, FL. ...”
Joan Williams 
 CFO/Principal of Watercrest




See More Transactions
















Contemporary Healthcare
 Fund III LP
Contemporary Healthcare Fund III, LP is a Delaware Limited Partnership based in Chattanooga, Tennessee. The purpose of this fund will be to provide senior, mezzanine, and preferred equity funding for small to mid-sized privately owned companies in the senior housing market that can provide skilled nursing care, assisted living, memory care, and independent living services. Contemporary Healthcare Capital, LLC plans to launch its new fund in July 2017.

Stay tuned for more information.


Products
Contemporary Healthcare Capital offers mezzanine loans for the acquisition, refinancing, construction and recapitalization to long-term care, senior living and healthcare service providers for facility-based companies.
See Products


News
Contemporary is pleased to announce we will be a Sponsor at the 2017 NIC Fall Conference at the Sheraton Grand Chicago September 26-28th. Please contact Kayla Jones at kjones@contemporarycapital.com if you are interested in scheduling a meeting with our team. Whether we get a chance to meet or not, we wish you a productive NIC Conference!







Byron DeFoor, vintage race car driver, started Fifty Plus Racing Foundation with Brian Johnson, front man for the classic rock and roll band AC/DC, and a group of dedicated racers—all over the age of fifty with a passion for racing. The Fifty Plus Racing team debuted on the track in 2012 at Daytona International Speedway for its 50th Anniversary and competed for the last time in 2016 with the world’s best drivers on the demanding 3.56-mile road course. The Fifty Plus Racing Foundation raises money to support research to fight Alzheimer’s Disease and to support the families of people who are living with Alzheimer’s Disease.





Scroll


			CLOSE
			



Home




Products




Transactions




Meet the Team


General Partners
Other Professionals


Contact Us




  












 





Bay Area In Home Care | Care Indeed























































  

Care Indeed (650) 328-1001 


 Safe Reliable and Affordable Home Care from professionals who truly careCaring for a loved one is a journey that can bring significant life changes. You have a choice not to do everything alone. We're here to help. Bay Area In Home CareOur mission is to help our clients live independently and with dignity in an environment that they prefer the most - home!We develop a personalized care plan to enhance the lives of our clients. We give personal attention and professional insight every step of the way. Care Indeed provides our caregivers with convenient online training andcontinuing education. This online training meets AB-1217's training requirementsand equips our caregivers with the skills they need to provide high quality care.
 Care Indeed™ provides Home Care Services: live-in and hourly 


 
Schedule your Free Initial Consultation >> 






















Care Indeed is known in the San Francisco Bay Area as the 24/7 Home Care Specialist. Our passion shows.

Adding Years to Life and Life to Years Though the Years



We are here to help our clients live life fully and with meaning despite their health challenges. We provide a caring environment that promotes a client's safety, dignity, and quality of life. Serving the entire Bay Area including San Francisco, Palo Alto, Menlo Park, San Jose, San Mateo, Lamorinda and Walnut Creek with personalized in home care services. Call Care Indeed today 877.504.3822.




 



BAY AREA HELP IS AVAILABLE

Care Indeed is here to help not only the patient but also the family member who’s caring for the patient as well. 

People with chronic conditions or disabilities prefer to be cared for at home as much as possible so they can be in familiar surroundings and with the people they love. The family member who is faced with an ongoing battle, whether it is a loved one's disease or impairment, may find his or her life changed. At some point, he or she will need help in order to stay emotionally and physically fit to care for his or her loved one. 

We can help the family member  prepare for the uncertainty that a loved one's health problem brings.

Learn More >


 




 

 

PERSONALIZED HOME CARE SERVICES
At Care Indeed, we develop a personalized care plan to enhance the lives of our clients.  Watch the short video below for more info.








 
SUBSCRIBE TO OUR NEWSLETTER
 


EmailFirst NameLast Name
Sorry. You must have JavaScript enabled to fill out this form.



 




 
What Makes CARE INDEED Different? Bay Area in Home Care.


24/7 Servicing
Hands-on Care
Fastest Placement Possible
Competitive Pricing
No Contracts




Not a Franchise
Run by Registered & Licensed Nurses
Stringent Background Screening & Interview Process
In-depth Caregiver Training and Continuing Education




 
Testimonials
  Trustpilot  ​




“Thank you. We very much appreciate the high quality of care for Scott that the “Night Team” provides. We sleep well, knowing he is well cared for while he dreams. All the best.” 
- Nancy & family



“Your wonderful caregivers were terrific! I couldn’t have gotten through all my doctor’s appointments without them. I was impressed that we could get such high-quality help at the last minute. You run a great service.” 
- Dorothy J. Ph.D.

Read More Testimonials >


LATEST NEWS
How You Can Help An Aging Senior Deal With ConstipationJuly 22, 2017 By Amy Leave a CommentIt's a subject not many want to talk about, but an important one to address considering many seniors suffer from constipation.  Our Bay Area in-home care agency has a few tips to help an aging senior … [Read More...]As A Caregiver For An Aging Parent, Are You Exhausted?July 15, 2017 By Amy Leave a CommentAs a caregiving agency providing services for those in the San Francisco Bay Area, we know the impact being a caregiver for an aging parent can have on grown children.  Not only do you provide care, … [Read More...]Staving Off Dementia Through Lifestyle Changes While YoungJuly 9, 2017 By Amy Leave a CommentDementia and Alzheimer's are horrible conditions we don't want to think about when we're young - but it's the best time to make lifestyle changes that could impact your life as you grow older, … [Read More...]
 











CONTACT US
Toll Free
(877) 504-3822
Menlo Park Office
(650) 328-1001
San Francisco, California Office
(415) 404-7373
San Jose, California Office
(408) 728-6020
San Mateo Office
(650) 627-7901
East Bay Office/Walnut Creek
(925) 402-4411
Lamorinda Community
(925) 317-3080
Palo Alto, California Office
(650) 328-1001
Email Us
info@careindeed.com


HOME CARE SERVICES

 Private home health care in the comfort, convenience and familiarity of your own home to foster emotional security and maintain your independence.


VIEW ALL HOME CARE SERVICES >



































Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version















Bay Area In Home Care | Care Indeed























































  

Care Indeed (650) 328-1001 


 Safe Reliable and Affordable Home Care from professionals who truly careCaring for a loved one is a journey that can bring significant life changes. You have a choice not to do everything alone. We're here to help. Bay Area In Home CareOur mission is to help our clients live independently and with dignity in an environment that they prefer the most - home!We develop a personalized care plan to enhance the lives of our clients. We give personal attention and professional insight every step of the way. Care Indeed provides our caregivers with convenient online training andcontinuing education. This online training meets AB-1217's training requirementsand equips our caregivers with the skills they need to provide high quality care.
 Care Indeed™ provides Home Care Services: live-in and hourly 


 
Schedule your Free Initial Consultation >> 






















Care Indeed is known in the San Francisco Bay Area as the 24/7 Home Care Specialist. Our passion shows.

Adding Years to Life and Life to Years Though the Years



We are here to help our clients live life fully and with meaning despite their health challenges. We provide a caring environment that promotes a client's safety, dignity, and quality of life. Serving the entire Bay Area including San Francisco, Palo Alto, Menlo Park, San Jose, San Mateo, Lamorinda and Walnut Creek with personalized in home care services. Call Care Indeed today 877.504.3822.




 



BAY AREA HELP IS AVAILABLE

Care Indeed is here to help not only the patient but also the family member who’s caring for the patient as well. 

People with chronic conditions or disabilities prefer to be cared for at home as much as possible so they can be in familiar surroundings and with the people they love. The family member who is faced with an ongoing battle, whether it is a loved one's disease or impairment, may find his or her life changed. At some point, he or she will need help in order to stay emotionally and physically fit to care for his or her loved one. 

We can help the family member  prepare for the uncertainty that a loved one's health problem brings.

Learn More >


 




 

 

PERSONALIZED HOME CARE SERVICES
At Care Indeed, we develop a personalized care plan to enhance the lives of our clients.  Watch the short video below for more info.








 
SUBSCRIBE TO OUR NEWSLETTER
 


EmailFirst NameLast Name
Sorry. You must have JavaScript enabled to fill out this form.



 




 
What Makes CARE INDEED Different? Bay Area in Home Care.


24/7 Servicing
Hands-on Care
Fastest Placement Possible
Competitive Pricing
No Contracts




Not a Franchise
Run by Registered & Licensed Nurses
Stringent Background Screening & Interview Process
In-depth Caregiver Training and Continuing Education




 
Testimonials
  Trustpilot  ​




“Thank you. We very much appreciate the high quality of care for Scott that the “Night Team” provides. We sleep well, knowing he is well cared for while he dreams. All the best.” 
- Nancy & family



“Your wonderful caregivers were terrific! I couldn’t have gotten through all my doctor’s appointments without them. I was impressed that we could get such high-quality help at the last minute. You run a great service.” 
- Dorothy J. Ph.D.

Read More Testimonials >


LATEST NEWS
How You Can Help An Aging Senior Deal With ConstipationJuly 22, 2017 By Amy Leave a CommentIt's a subject not many want to talk about, but an important one to address considering many seniors suffer from constipation.  Our Bay Area in-home care agency has a few tips to help an aging senior … [Read More...]As A Caregiver For An Aging Parent, Are You Exhausted?July 15, 2017 By Amy Leave a CommentAs a caregiving agency providing services for those in the San Francisco Bay Area, we know the impact being a caregiver for an aging parent can have on grown children.  Not only do you provide care, … [Read More...]Staving Off Dementia Through Lifestyle Changes While YoungJuly 9, 2017 By Amy Leave a CommentDementia and Alzheimer's are horrible conditions we don't want to think about when we're young - but it's the best time to make lifestyle changes that could impact your life as you grow older, … [Read More...]
 











CONTACT US
Toll Free
(877) 504-3822
Menlo Park Office
(650) 328-1001
San Francisco, California Office
(415) 404-7373
San Jose, California Office
(408) 728-6020
San Mateo Office
(650) 627-7901
East Bay Office/Walnut Creek
(925) 402-4411
Lamorinda Community
(925) 317-3080
Palo Alto, California Office
(650) 328-1001
Email Us
info@careindeed.com


HOME CARE SERVICES

 Private home health care in the comfort, convenience and familiarity of your own home to foster emotional security and maintain your independence.


VIEW ALL HOME CARE SERVICES >




































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











Encore Senior Living III, LLC                                                                                            - Riverside                                         , CA         - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



CA



Riverside



Residential Care



Rest Home, With Health Care Incidental



                            Encore Senior Living III, LLC
                                    



 





















E 


Encore Senior Living III, LLC                                                                                           
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



6280 CLAY ST RIVERSIDE, CA 92509
Get Directions



(951) 360-1616
 





Business Info



 Founded --
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue --
 Employee Count 50
 Industries Rest Home, With Health Care Incidental
 Contacts Barbara Reece                                                                                                           







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message










VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







E

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.

















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











	Search Engine Marketing (SEM) - Bing Ads








































































































Skip to content











Sign upSign in


 


















You run your business. We'll help find your customers.
Bing Ads can help build your business and drive your success. Spend $25 and get $100 in advertising credit.†

†Offer details




Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.







Coupon code class

First name:

Last name:

Email:

Your website URL

Business phone



*Required
Microsoft may contact you to provide updates and special offers about Bing Ads. You can unsubscribe at any time. To learn more you can read the privacy statement.
Type the code from the image:

Enter security code:







             























×
Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.


†Offer Details: Offer expires December 31, 2017.  Valid only for new Bing Ads customers who are first party recipients of the offer email. A new Bing Ads customer is one that has not advertised on Bing Ads before. Enter promotional coupon code and spend $25 (applies to threshold and prepaid accounts) to receive $100 in Bing Ads credits. Limit one promotion code per new Bing Ads customer. Promotional code must be redeemed within thirty (30) days of Bing Ads new customer account creation. Ad campaign costs accrued before receiving a credit, as well as costs accrued after all credits are used, will be charged to the payment method associated with the Bing Ads account. If customer payment fails, the coupon amount will not be applied.  Ads will continue to run and accrue costs after any promotional credit has been used up. Any portion of the credit not used within ninety (90) days of credit redemption will expire and can't be carried over even if the Bing Ads Customer switches their payment method. Offer valid only to residents of the United States. In order for the offer to be valid, a form of payment must be entered into your account prior to redemption of the promotional code and prior to your account going live to take advantage of the credit. This offer may not be combined with any other offer, promotional code coupon or discount, separated, redeemed for cash, transferred, sold, or bartered. Microsoft, in its sole discretion, can close your account for any suspected coupon abuse. Refund of the $25 is not permitted.  See Bing Ads Terms and Conditions for more details at sign-up. Other terms and conditions may apply.  Microsoft reserves the right to cancel, change, or suspend this offer at any time without notice.









See how Bing Ads works



Customers search


Customers see your ad


Customers contact you


Watch how Bing Ads works  
 








×
How Bing Ads works

















Help more customers find you
See how Bing can attract customers your Google AdWords campaigns can't.

Reach 137 million searchers on the Bing Network.1
Tap into 32.9% of the search marketplace.2
Get in front of searchers who spend 16 percent more than the average internet searcher.2











Powerful network. Powerful benefits.



Reach across devicesConnect with customers looking for your business anytime, anywhere, on any device.


Go global or localReach people in the Bing Network everywhere or focus on cities, counties and areas within a certain distance from your business.


Easy to importIf you're already using another product like Google Adwords, it's easy to pull that campaign into Bing Ads.








You control your costs

 Free sign-upJoin Bing Ads for free and control your account at every step.


 Only pay for clicksPay just when customers click on your ad. No click, no charge.


 No minimum feeStart advertising with a budget that works best for your business.









 



The advantage we gain in cost per click gives us a great return on investment — more than 35 percent better than Google AdWords.
Scott Redgate, search engine marketing manager — CJ Pony Parts
By using Bing Ads features like Image Extensions and Sitelink Extensions, this auto parts retailer races to convert customers and beat its competition.

 Read about driving more conversions







 



We might not get as much of the volume as with Google AdWords, but the volume of the traffic that we get converts really well at a lower cost.
Scott Schult, Executive Vice President of Marketing — Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau
The Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau uses Bing Ads to drive site traffic and tourism at lower cost.

 Read about getting better ROI








Better results for less cost. That's as simple as I can make it. If I look at the quality of the traffic we get for the dollars we spend on Bing Ads, our ROI is fantastic.
Alex Littlewood, CEO   Motoroso
Motoroso, a market network for auto enthusiasts, gets better results for less cost and reaches a high-value audience with Bing Ads.

 Read about attracting quality traffic



 









Import your AdWords campaigns

Save time by importing your Google AdWords campaigns into Bing Ads to get ads live quickly.


Sign in with your Microsoft account (or create one) to get started on Bing Ads.


From within the Bing Ads interface, select the Import from Google AdWords option.


Enter your Google AdWords credentials and select the campaign you want to import.










Preview your ad

Get found online with search engine marketing. Make the most of your marketing dollars and drive customers to your business.
See how Bing Ads can work for you




















Get started today
Give us a few details about your business to create a Bing Ads account and get it up and running.


  
Sign up
Get started with Bing Ads 
Signing up is always free.













FAQ


Is Bing Ads right for me?

Is Bing Ads right for my business?
All types of businesses find value and success with Bing Ads. Whether you're focused on local calls and foot traffic, or want to drive traffic to your website from across the country or around the world. Bing Ads has solutions for you.
I already appear in search results for free. Why should I pay for advertising?
Your current customers may search for your business by name, aiming it easy to find you in search results. But customers you've yet to reach are more likely searching for general terms that wouldn't necessarily bring up your business in search results. Advertising next to relevant Bing search results puts your business front and center with interested customers you otherwise might not reach.
What is the difference between SEO and SEM? Which one is right for me?
Search engine optimization (SEO) is adjusting your website to improve your natural ranking in search results. You cannot pay to improve your website ranking on Bing or Yahoo, thus we often refer to these results and unpaid or "organic" search results.

	Clicks from SEO are free. But SEO also requires technical expertise and involves some factors over which you have only limited control.

	Search engine marketing (SEM) is paid advertising that appears next to or above unpaid (or "organic") search results. These paid ads are purchased through Bing Ads.

	You pay for SEM clicks. But SEM gives you more control over when your website appears on results pages and you decide how much you want to pay. And you can measure which ads are working and quickly improve your results.

	You don't have to choose between SEO and SEM. You can do both!
If my time is limited, should I still try Bing ads?
Yes! Call a Bing Ads specialist at 877-635-3561*and we’ll set up your first campaign for you for free. We’ll give you tips on getting the most out of your ads and set you up for success. We’re here to help.




About Bing Ads

Where does my ad appear?
Your ads could appear on the top or to the right of Bing, Yahoo, and MSN search results. And you can choose to target your ads to different geographic regions, times or days of the week, and even demographics.
What determines my ad position?
Bing Ads is a pay-per-click (PPC) advertising system. You bid based on how much you are willing to pay per each click on your ad. Because webpages have a limited number of places to show ads, we auction those spaces. You are bidding against other advertisers to get your ads into the space you want. So if you bid on the keyword "shoe", you will have to beat the bids of the other advertisers who are also bidding on "shoe." You determine how much you are willing to bid.
	Your ad position is based on several things, including:
	
How closely your ad and website fit with the terms that are searched (relevance).
How your bid compares to other bids in the Bing Ads auction.
How strongly your ad has performed in the past and how often it has been clicked (click-through rate).

	The stronger you are in these areas, the better your chances of winning the top ad position.




How to use Bing Ads

How can I use Bing Ads to drive more people to my website?
Here are some tips to get better results:
	
Review your budget and bid strategy. If your ad keeps pausing, your budget limit may be set too low. Competitive bids help your ad stay in a strong position to catch eyes and get more clicks to your website.
Expand your targeting, both for location and for devices (computer, mobile and tablet).
Make sure your ads and website are relevant to the keywords you bid on. Would someone searching your terms expect to see and ad for your business?


How can I keep my costs down?
While your first instinct may be to lower your budget, first try lowering your maximum bids. Yes, this could mean fewer customers visit your site. But if you increase your quality score and build ads with a strong performance history, you may be able to win a good ad position with a lower bid. That would lower your cost=per-click and help stretch your budget.
How do I know if Bing Ads is working?
View a wide range of performance trends in your account to quickly see key stats: ad clicks, the number of times your ad appeared (impressions), spend, average cost-per-click, click-through rate, average ad position, cost per acquisition, and conversions. You can also run performance reports to get insights into how well your campaigns are doing.
Can I run more than one ad?
Yes! In fact, we encourage it. Only one ad will show at a time but running multiple ads lets you test different approaches to see what's working best with your target customers. Frequently, businesses try out different ads for specific products or pages.




Getting started with Bing Ads

How do I get started?
Sign up for Bing Ads
Which keywords should I choose?
You have a few options to help choose your keywords. First you'll want to think of the terms one of your customers might use to search for your products and offerings. Those search terms are a great starting point. Then you can use tools right in your account to find more keywords. Within Bing Ads, click Campaigns on the top of the page. Click the Keywords tab, and then click Add Keywords. This will let you:
	
Search for new keywords based on one you enter.
Search a website for keywords.
Search your destination URLs for keywords.


How can I write a good ad?
Here are a few tips that can help make your ad stand out.
	
Keep your ads relevant. One way to improve relevance is to use your customer's most popular search terms in your ad titles and txt.
Describe what sets your product apart.
Use your customers' language. Use words and writing tone that are likely to attract your typical customer.
Be specific. This clearer and more specific your offering, the better. For example, rather than "big discount," specify and exact percentage, such as "50 percent off."
Give customers a reason to click your ad right now. Offer a specific call to action, such as encouraging customers to request a brochure or consultation, download a free e-book, subscribe to a newsletter, or take advantage of a limited-time discount.























Sign up with Bing Ads to get started










































BBB Business Profile | IncFile.com, LLC




















Home
 > 
Accredited Business Directory
 > 
Incorporating Companies
 > 
IncFile.com, LLC














BBB Accredited Business Profile






IncFile.com, LLC



Submit a Review

































IncFile.com, LLC






            Business Information
        






(888) 462-3453

IncFile.com, LLC
14 years in business
Headquarters

        17350 State Highway 249
Ste 220
        Houston, TX 77064-1132
    




 EMAIL
            

                 WEBSITE
            





                    Fax Numbers
                


                            (877) 919-2613
                        

                            (713) 893-6141
                        




                    Additional Phone Numbers
                


                            (281) 236-8245
                        

                            (888) 300-1684
                        

                            (281) 236-8245
                        




                    Additional Email Addresses
                


                            support@quickcorps.com
                        

                            ray@incfile.com
                        




                    Additional Website Addresses
                


http://www.incfile.trustab.org


http://www.quickcorps.com






See Less Contact Options
See More Contact Options





Find a Location






                BBB File Opened: 07/01/2004
            

                Business Started: 06/01/2003


                Business Started Locally: 06/01/2003
            




            Type of Entity
             
            Limited Liability Company       
    



            Business Management
        


                    Mr. Kyle J Lavender
                






            Business Category
        


                Incorporating Companies
            




                            Legal Document Assistance
                        




See More Business Categories
See Less Business Categories







            Products & Services
        
        N/A

    




            Alternate Business Names
        


                    incfile.com
                

                    Quickcorps.com
                

                    Quickcorps.com
                







                    Methods of Payment
                


                            Visa / Mastercard / Discover / American Express
                        




                    Refund & Exchange Policy: 
                
                All orders are entitled to a full refund minus a $30 cancellation fee if request to cancel is received prior to us forwarding documents to state. Orders are typically processed within 1 business day and refunds will not be accommodated after filing is forwarded to state. 
            



See Less Business Information
See More Business Information


 








            Business Information
        







                    A+
                


                BBB Rating Scorecard
            






Overview


Incfile.com LLC is a national document filing service company strictly specializing in the information of business entities.  Founded in
2004 and headquartered in Houston, Texas.  This company assisted in the formation of over 50,000 Corporations and LLCs.
 



 












Share your experience


              Submit a Review
          

            Submit a Complaint
        









BBB Reason for Ratings


        BBB rating is based on 13 factors: Get the details about the factors considered.










BBB Reports On









Licensing









                        Licensing information is provided in the BBB Business Profiles to inform the public about industries that may require professional licensing, bonding, or registration. Better Business Bureau encourages you to check with the appropriate agency to be certain any requirements are currently being met.
                    





Advertising Review









                        BBB promotes truth in advertising by contacting advertisers whose claims conflict with the BBB Code of Advertising.  These claims come to our attention from our internal review of advertising, consumer complaints and competitor challenges.  BBB asks advertisers to substantiate their claims, change ads to make offers more clear to consumers, and remove misleading or deceptive statements.
                    





Government Actions









                        BBB reports on known significant government actions involving the business's marketplace conduct.
                    





Out of Business









                        BBB reports on a company that is out of business for three years from the date the company closes its doors or ceases to do business.
                    





Misuse of Better Business Bureau Name/Logo









                        BBB reports on unauthorized use of the Better Business Bureau's name and/or logo for as long as the business continues to use it in any advertising, or for one year after the business ceases any repeated unauthorized uses.
                    





Bankruptcy









                        BBB reports on a business’s bankruptcy as long as the business remains in bankruptcy.
                    





Mail Returned









                        BBB reports when mail sent to the business was returned by the Postal Service.
                    
























IncFile.com, LLC






            BBB Rating Scorecard
        












 




                IncFile.com, LLC
            
BBB ACCREDITATION SINCE 06/30/2004










A+




BBB Rating System Overview














Customer Review Rating:









                        The BBB Customer Review Rating represents the customer's opinion of the business.
                        The Customer Review Rating percentages are based on the total number of positive,
                        neutral, and negative reviews posted.
                    



79%


21%




[11] Positive Reviews



[0] Neutral Reviews



[3] Negative Reviews



[14] Total Customer Reviews
                        





[13] Total Customer Complaints
                        










Composite Score:





                        IncFile.com, LLC has received 4.7 out of 5 stars based on 14 Customer Reviews and a BBB Rating of A+.
                        






                            Comprised of 67% BBB Rating and 33% Customer Review Rating.
                        

                            The BBB Customer Review Rating represents the customer's opinion of the business. The Customer Review
                            Rating percentages are based on the total number of positive, neutral, and negative reviews posted.
                        

                            The BBB letter grade represents the BBB's opinion of how the business is likely to interact with its customers.
                            The BBB grade is based on BBB file information about the business.
                            In some cases, a business' grade may be lowered if the BBB does not have sufficient
                            information about the business despite BBB's requests for that information from the business.
                        

                            The BBB Customer Review Rating plus the BBB Rating is not a guarantee of a business'
                            reliability or performance. BBB recommends that consumers consider a business'
                            BBB Rating and Customer Review Rating in addition to all other available information
                            about the business.
                        














Share your experience


              Submit a Review
          

            Submit a Complaint
        











Share




Print






































































×
Claim Your Business


                By claiming your Business Profile, businesses can add custom text or descriptive information about their services, insert company logos, and add photographs for consumers to view.
            

Close










×
AccreditedQuestionModal title


                content
            

Close










×
Customer Rating Modal title


                content
            

Close










×
Score Modal title


                content
            

Close











×
Find a Location







Filter







Close




 





















 








