    Steve Senneff | Cotiviti Holdings, Inc. | ZoomInfo.com




Steve  Senneff's Phone & Address | PeopleByName















 
Contact
Login










 Home
People Alphabetically
S
Senneff

Steve  Senneff




People directory with over 600,000,000 names!

Record ID: 375564631Steve  Senneff105 Kruempelman DrFort Mitchell, KY 41011(859) 331-0879Background Check - Available
Record ID: 753256352Steve  Senneff105 Kruempelman DrFort Mitchell, KY 41011(859) 331-0879Background Check - Available








 


 




1,379,043,021 total records available




Tweet





  Testimonials Read testimonials from real customers who already used our services. Read More

  Webmasters Earn 75% commission on every sale you drive to our website. Weekly payouts! Read More

   Mobile Version Visit us from your smart phone anywhere you are. Read More

   Recent Lookups Check out the most recent reverse phone lookups on PeopleByName.com Read More

 



 Home Mobile Version Phone Directory People Directory Remove information
 Terms of Service Privacy Policy Affiliate Program About Us 
 Member Login Frequently Asked Questions Contact Us Testimonials 
 Careers Product & Services Volume Discounts Site Map 




© PeopleByName All Rights Reserved. 2010-2017






Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version























 











Senneff Law | Trusted Advisors · Skilled Negotiators · Experienced Litigators































Skip to main content








 


Senneff Law
Trusted Advisors · Skilled Negotiators · Experienced Litigators





Search form

Search 



























  
The partners 

  
Navigating the legal system for you 

  
Community servants 

  
Strong and dependable 


























About Senneff, Freeman & Bluestone



At Senneff, Freeman & Bluestone, we believe that understanding our clients' needs is vitally important, as important as understanding law.
Our attorneys are actively involved in the community, broadening their understanding of its members and the challenges they face.
For over 30 years we have provided our clients, in our own community and throughout California, with sound advice ranging from skilled courtroom presentations, to conference-room negotiations. 


 








Contact Us
Senneff Freeman & Bluestone, LLP50 Old Courthouse SquareSuite 401Santa Rosa, CA 95404
PO Box 3729Santa Rosa, CA 95402
Tel: 707-526-4250Fax: 707-526-0347info@sennefflaw.com
Directions














Steve Senneff: Executive Profile & Biography - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 2:49 PM ET
Health Care Technology

Company Overview of Cotiviti Holdings, Inc.



SnapshotPeople 




OverviewBoard MembersCommittees



Executive Profile
Steve   Senneff  Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President, Cotiviti Holdings, Inc.AgeTotal Calculated CompensationThis person is connected to 0 Board Members in 0 different organizations across 2 different industries.48$1,125,789As of Fiscal Year 2016
Background

		Mr. Steve Senneff has been Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President at Cotiviti Holdings, Inc. since April 2015. Mr. Senneff serves as the Chief Financial Officer at Cotiviti Corporation. He serves as Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of Connolly Corporation, Ihealth Technologies, Inc., Connolly International Holdings, Inc. Connolly Intermediate, Inc.; Connolly, LLC; Connolly Domestic Holdings, Inc.; Connolly Domestic Holdings, Inc.; Iht Holdings, LLC; IHT ... IP, LLC; IHT Clinical Services, LLC; Care Management International, Inc.; IHT SERVICES, LLC; IHT Government Services, LLC; Texas Policy Management, LLC; Inpatient Claims Review Services, LLC; IHT Professional Services, LLC; ECOM Ppo Advisors, LLC; and ECOM Claims Services, LLC. Mr. Senneff previously served as Chief Operations Officer of Cotiviti Holdings from May 2014 to April 2015. Prior to the Connolly iHealth Merger, Mr. Senneff served as Chief Financial Officer of Connolly from October 2012 to May 2014. With 20 years of experience, Mr. Senneff is credited with driving top-line and bottom-line results for companies that operate on a global scale. Mr. Senneff began his career at Abbott Laboratories before holding various leadership positions across Asia, Latin America and the U.S. for the Nielsen Company, including Senior Vice President, Global Financial Planning & Analysis from January 2011 to October 2012. At Cotiviti since 2012, Mr. Senneff provides strategic and operational direction, employing his passion for results and collaborative leadership style to influence the direction of it. Mr. Senneff holds a B.B.A. in Accounting from the University of Iowa and a Master's degree in Finance from the Krannert School of Management at Purdue University.Read Full Background




Corporate Headquarters
The Terraces SouthAtlanta, Georgia 30346United StatesPhone: 770-379-2800Fax: --
Board Members Memberships
				There is no Board Members Memberships data available.
				Education
BBA University of IowaMaster's Degree Krannert School of Management, Purdue University
Other Affiliations
University of IowaKrannert School of Management, Purdue UniversityCotiviti Corporation


Annual Compensation
Salary$400,000Bonus$432,197Total Annual Compensation$832,197
Stocks Options
Restricted Stock Awards$72,447All Other Compensation$7,950Exercisable Options$263,520Exercisable Options Value$7,415,453Unexercisable Options$52,155Unexercisable Options Value$1,176,214Total Value of Options$8,591,667Total Number of Options$315,675
Total Compensation
Total Annual Cash Compensation$840,147Total Short Term Compensation$832,197Other Long Term Compensation$80,397Total Calculated Compensation$1,125,789




Request Profile Update
















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



COMPETITOR COMPENSATIONNamePosition/CompanyCompensationWilliam C. Lucia FLMIChairman of the Board, President & CEOHMS Holdings Corp.$650.0KRonald E. Stewart Chief Executive Officer, President and DirectorPRGX Global, Inc.$515.0KJeffrey  Jacobson Chief Executive Officer & DirectorXerox Corporation$812.5KDion J. Weisler Chief Executive Officer, President and DirectorHP Inc.$1.2MLisa C. Im Chairwoman and Chief Executive OfficerPerformant Financial Corporation$630.0KCompensation as of Fiscal Year 2016.










Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Cotiviti Holdings, Inc., please visit .  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close































Steve Senneff - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President at Cotiviti Holdings, Inc.



























































                      NEWS HOME
                    

Advertising
Board and Executive Moves
Energy
Health Care
Hedge Funds
M & A
Private Equity
Technology








            You have  
            
9 free profiles

              left this month   
			      

                Start Your Free Trial ➤
              








            Hey, we noticed you're a RelSci Pro subscriber! Would you like to view the page there?
            

                View on RelSci Pro ➤
              




























































































































Email







LinkedIn







Facebook







Google+







Tweet







Reddit





Permalink





Steve Senneff
Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President at Cotiviti Holdings, Inc.



Overview
In The News Relationships Paths
Education Career History Public Holdings 


Steve Senneff
Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President at Cotiviti Holdings, Inc.



 Overview



Age



48
                                  (Born 1969)
                                              




Notable Companies


Cotiviti Holdings, Inc.




Number of Relationships



                This person is connected to 229 people.
              






 In The News
          See more




Business Wire
May 25, 2017





                        Cotiviti to Present at the Goldman Sachs 38th Annual Global Healthcare Conference and the William Blair Growth Stock Conference                    





Business Wire
May 2, 2017





                        Cotiviti Announces First Quarter 2017 Results                    





Business Wire
April 7, 2017





                        Cotiviti Holdings, Inc. Announces Completion of Credit Facility Amendment                    





Business Wire
March 8, 2017





                        Cotiviti to Attend the 2017 SunTrust Healthcare IT Summit                    





Business Wire
March 3, 2017





                        Cotiviti to Present at Barclays Global Healthcare Conference                    







See full news coverage and complete stories with RelSci Professional.

Create Your News Feed








See  More 






 Relationships
              See Details




J. Douglas Williams

Chief Executive Officer & Director at Cotiviti Holdings, Inc.




David Beaulieu

Chief Operations Officer at Cotiviti Corp.





Jonathan Olefson

Senior Vice President & General Counsel at Cotiviti Corp.




David L. Swift

Executive Business Partner at Advent International Corp.





Christopher Pike

Managing Partner at Advent International Corp.




John Maldonado

Managing Partner at Advent International Corp.





Richard Pozen

Executive Vice President & Chief Medical Officer at Cotiviti Corp.




Michael Axt

Chief Marketing Officer at Cotiviti Corp.





Elizabeth Connolly Alexander

Professional at Cotiviti Holdings, Inc.




David Michael McKenna

Managing Partner at Advent International Corp.







See 219 more listings with RelSci Professional.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See 219 More 


 


 Paths to Steve Senneff



            Steve Senneff          




 You



 Connections via Relationship Science



 Steve Senneff






Sync your contacts to see how you can connect with Steve Senneff.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Educational Background



 


The University of Iowa

                  The University of Iowa is a flagship public research university located in Iowa City, Iowa. The university is organized into eleven colleges. The University of Iowa was founded on February 25, 1847.                




 


Purdue University - Krannert School of Management

                  The Krannert School of Management is the school of management at Purdue University in West Lafayette, Indiana, United States. The business school offers instruction at the undergraduate, master's, and doctoral levels.The School of Industrial Management at Purdue University was created in 1958 from the merger of the Department of Economics (established in the School of Science, Education, and Humanities in 1953) and the Department of Industrial Management and Transportation (part of the Schools of Engineering since 1956). The Krannert Graduate School of Industrial Administration was founded in 1962 with a $2.7 million endowment from Herman & Ellnora Krannert. The AACSB accredited the new school in 1967.                





 Career History



Finance

                                    Current                


Cotiviti Corp.


                  Cotiviti Corp. provides recovery-audit services. It offers its services to the retail, commercial business and health care industries and government agencies. The company was founded in 1979 and is headquartered in Wilton, CT.                




Finance

                                    Current                


iHealth Technologies, Inc.


                  iHealth Technologies, Inc. provides payment integrity solutions. It offers a pre-payment application of client specific clinical payment policy to assure the application of clinical coding in claims payment. . The company was founded by Douglas J. Williams and Richard Pozen in 2001 and is headquartered in Atlanta, GA.                




Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President

                                    2014 - Current                


Cotiviti Holdings, Inc.


                  Cotiviti Holdings, Inc. engages in the provision of analytics driven payment accuracy solutions. It operates through two segments: Healthcare and Global Retail & Other. The Healthcare segment offers prospective and retrospective claims accuracy solutions to healthcare payers in the United States. It also provides analytics based solutions unrelated to its healthcare payment accuracy solutions in the United States. The Global Retail & Other segment provides retrospective claims accuracy solutions to retailers primarily in the United States, Canada and the United Kingdom, as well as solutions that improve efficiency and effectiveness of payment networks for clients. The company was founded on June 4, 2012 and is headquartered in Atlanta, GA.                




Vice President-Financial Planning & Analysis

                                    2011 - 2012                


The Nielsen Co.


                  The Nielsen Co. specializes in graphic communication projects, offering printing, binding, fulfillment and mailing, and electronic pre-press services. It also provides post-print needs of customers, such as kit assembly and mailing, and lettershop and literature fulfillment. The company is headquartered in Florence, KY.                





 Public Holdings






Restricted data only for RelSci Professional users.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Other Affiliations




              Steve Senneff is affiliated with
                            Cotiviti Corp., iHealth Technologies, Inc., Cotiviti Holdings, Inc., The Nielsen Co..
            





You've reached your 10 free profiles limit this month.
Upgrade to RelSci Pro today to enjoy unlimited article views and much more!

Start My Free Trial  ➤

Still not convinced? Check out our full listing of features here.












Are you a RelSci Pro Subscriber?

Login to RelSci Pro 
                        ➤


Not a Pro Subscriber? Log in here to manage your alerts









 Keep me signed in.
        

Login  ➤



        Forgot your Password?
    

























 I have read the LexisNexis terms & conditions




Sign Me Up  ➤
















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft









