

Kris Sennesael: Executive Profile & Biography - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 2:50 PM ET
Semiconductors and Semiconductor Equipment

Company Overview of Skyworks Solutions, Inc.



SnapshotPeople 




OverviewBoard MembersCommittees



Executive Profile
Kris   Sennesael  Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President, Skyworks Solutions, Inc.AgeTotal Calculated CompensationThis person is connected to 0 Board Members in 0 different organizations across 4 different industries.48$2,848,143As of Fiscal Year 2016
Background

		Mr. Kris Sennesael has been Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President at Skyworks Solutions Inc since August 29, 2016. Mr. Sennesael served as the Chief Financial Officer and Vice President of Enphase Energy, Inc. from September 25, 2012 to August 8, 2016 and also served as its Principal Accounting Officer until August 8, 2016. Mr. Sennesael served as the Chief Financial Officer and Vice President of SMSC Storage Inc. since January 2009. He served as the Chief ... Financial Officer of Standard Microsystems Corp., from January 5, 2009 to August 2012 and served as its Acting Corporate Controller since April 2010 and served as its Senior Vice President since April 2011. He served as Vice President of Standard Microsystems Corp., since January 5, 2009. He served as Vice President of Operations Finance at ON Semiconductor Corporation (ON Semiconductor) from March 2008 to January 2009. From 2002 to March 2008, he served as Vice President of Operations Finance at AMI Semiconductor, Inc. He served as Vice President of Finance and Chief Financial Officer of Europe at AMIS. He served as Chief Financial Officer of Alcatel Microelectronics (Belgium) and Chief Financial Officer of Alcatel Russia. Mr. Sennesael has a Bachelor's and Master's degree in Economics from The University of Ghent, Ghent, Belgium and a Masters degree in Financial Management from The Vlerick Management School, Ghent, Belgium.Read Full Background




Corporate Headquarters
20 Sylvan RoadWoburn, Massachusetts 01801United StatesPhone: 781-376-3000Fax: --
Board Members Memberships
				There is no Board Members Memberships data available.
				Education
Bachelor's Degree Universiteit GentMaster's Degree Universiteit GentMaster's Degree Vlerick Leuven Gent Management School
Other Affiliations
Standard Microsystems CorporationUniversiteit GentVlerick Leuven Gent Management SchoolSMSC Storage, Inc.Enphase Energy, Inc.


Annual Compensation
Salary$40,865Total Annual Compensation$40,865
Stocks Options
Restricted Stock Awards$1,880,500All Other Compensation$78Unexercisable Options$40,000Unexercisable Options Value$36,800Total Value of Options$36,800Total Number of Options$40,000
Total Compensation
Total Annual Cash Compensation$40,943Total Short Term Compensation$40,865Other Long Term Compensation$1,880,578Total Calculated Compensation$2,848,143




Request Profile Update
















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



COMPETITOR COMPENSATIONNamePosition/CompanyCompensationRichard Adam Norwitt Chief Executive Officer, President and DirectorAmphenol Corporation$1.1MStephen  Sanghi CEO & ChairmanMicrochip Technology Incorporated$670.1KMoshe N. Gavrielov President, CEO & DirectorXilinx, Inc.$800.0KTunç  Doluca Chief Executive Officer, President and DirectorMaxim Integrated Products, Inc.$600.0KBunsei  Kure Chief Executive Officer, President and Representative DirectorRenesas Electronics Corporation--Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2016.










Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Skyworks Solutions, Inc., please visit .  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close




























Chris Sennesael, Skyworks Solutions Inc: Profile & Biography - Bloomberg


































































  




























Feedback





Chris "Kris" Sennesael

Senior VP/CFO,
Skyworks Solutions Inc






Career History




Senior VP/CFO
Skyworks Solutions Inc, 8/2016-PRESENT


VP/CFO
Enphase Energy Inc, 9/2012-8/2016


Senior VP/CFO
Standard Microsystems Corp, 4/2011-8/2012


VP/CFO
Standard Microsystems Corp, 1/2009-4/2011


VP:Operations Finance
on Semiconductor Corp, 3/2008-1/2009


VP:Operations
Ami Semiconductor, 2002-3/2008



Alcatel-Lucent SA, FORMER


Show More









Website:
www.skyworksinc.com






Corporate Information
Address:

20 Sylvan Road
Woburn, MA 01801
United States


Phone:
1-781-376-3000


Fax:
-


Web url:
www.skyworksinc.com











From The Web












Personal Information



Education



Universiteit Gent
Master's Degree, Economics


Vlerick Leuven Gent Management School
Master's Degree





Honorary Degrees



Universiteit Gent
BACHELOR, ECONOMICS








Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data








































Skyworks Appoints Kris Sennesael Chief Financial Officer - Pg.2 - TheStreet





































































 

 




















Action Alerts PLUS

Access AAPJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 2017Charitable Trust PortfolioMost Recent Trade Alert25 Investing Rules10 Trading Commandments

Real Money

Access RM25 Rules of InvestingJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 201710 CommandmentsStressed Out StocksCramer's Blog

Cramer
Mad Money
ETFs
Futures
Markets
Much More

BanksBiotechRetailTechPersonal FinanceRetirementFinancial Advisor CenterHow to SpendOptionsFixed IncomeVideo










Privacy Policy|Terms of Use© 1996- TheStreet Inc. All rights reserved
















                                DJIA
                            







                                NASDAQ
                            







                                S&P 500
                            






Market Data updated






Sign In




Your Membership(s)








Your Account





Account Preferences


Alerts


Newsletters







Subscribe





Logout



Subscribe

Access insights and guidance from our Wall Street pros. Find the product that's right for you.
Action Alerts PLUS
Action Alerts OPTIONS
Daily Swing Trade
Income Seeker
Quant Ratings
Real Money
Real Money Pro
Stocks Under $10
Top Stocks
Trifecta Stocks
Real Money Pro Portfolio
Chairman's Club
Compare All 
Chatter on the Street













































 








































Skyworks Appoints Kris Sennesael Chief Financial Officer






Business Wire




Aug 29, 2016 4:15 PM EDT













 


















































  About Skyworks   Skyworks Solutions, Inc. is empowering the wireless networking revolution. Our highly innovative analog semiconductors are connecting people, places and things spanning a number of new and previously unimagined applications within the automotive, broadband, cellular infrastructure, connected home, industrial, medical, military, smartphone, tablet and wearable markets.  Skyworks is a global company with engineering, marketing, operations, sales, and service facilities located throughout Asia, Europe and North America. For more information, please visit Skyworks' website at: www.skyworksinc.com.  Safe Harbor Statement  This news release includes "forward-looking statements" intended to qualify for the safe harbor from liability established by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements include without limitation information relating to future results and expectations of Skyworks (e.g., certain projections and business trends). Forward-looking statements can often be identified by words such as "anticipates," "expects," "forecasts," "intends," "believes," "plans," "may," "will," or "continue," and similar expressions and variations or negatives of these words. All such statements are subject to certain risks, uncertainties and other important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially and adversely from those projected, and may affect our future operating results, financial position and cash flows.  These risks, uncertainties and other important factors include, but are not limited to: uncertainty regarding global economic and financial market conditions; the susceptibility of the semiconductor industry and the markets addressed by our, and our customers', products to economic downturns; the timing, rescheduling or cancellation of significant customer orders and our ability, as well as the ability of our customers, to manage inventory; losses or curtailments of purchases or payments from key customers, or the timing of customer inventory adjustments; the availability and pricing of third-party semiconductor foundry, assembly and test capacity, raw materials and supplier components; changes in laws, regulations and/or policies that could adversely affect either (i) the economy and our customers' demand for our products or (ii) the financial markets and our ability to raise capital; our ability to develop, manufacture and market innovative products in a highly price competitive and rapidly changing technological environment; economic, social, military and geo-political conditions in the countries in which we, our customers or our suppliers operate, including security and health risks, possible disruptions in transportation networks and fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates; fluctuations in our manufacturing yields due to our complex and specialized manufacturing processes; delays or disruptions in production due to equipment maintenance, repairs and/or upgrades; our reliance on several key customers for a large percentage of our sales; fluctuations in the manufacturing yields of our third-party semiconductor foundries and other problems or delays in the fabrication, assembly, testing or delivery of our products; our ability to timely and accurately predict market requirements and evolving industry standards, and to identify opportunities in new markets; uncertainties of litigation, including potential disputes over intellectual property infringement and rights, as well as payments related to the licensing and/or sale of such rights; our ability to rapidly develop new products and avoid product obsolescence; our ability to retain, recruit and hire key executives, technical personnel and other employees in the positions and numbers, with the experience and capabilities, and at the compensation levels needed to implement our business and product plans; lengthy product development cycles that impact the timing of new product introductions; unfavorable changes in product mix; the quality of our products and any remediation costs; shorter-than-expected product life cycles; problems or delays that we may face in shifting our products to smaller geometry process technologies and in achieving higher levels of design integration; and our ability to continue to grow and maintain an intellectual property portfolio and obtain needed licenses from third parties, as well as other risks and uncertainties, including, but not limited to, those detailed from time to time in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  



 








 










































If you liked this article you might like













Broadcom Flashes Warning Signs
Is this a double-top or a high-level consolidation pattern?



Bruce Kamich

Jul 28, 2017 2:08 PM EDT
























Skyworks Solutions: A Tale of 2 Tops
The charts and indicators for SWKS are pointing to weakness ahead.



Bruce Kamich

Jul 28, 2017 10:43 AM EDT
























Jim Cramer -- NXP Semiconductors Worth More Than What Qualcomm Wants to Pay
Buyout price will cause a kerfuffle.



Bret Kenwell

Jul 26, 2017 1:02 PM EDT
























Stocks Are Guilty by Association: Cramer's 'Mad Money' Recap (Thursday 7/20/17)
Jim Cramer says these market rotations are crushing good stocks that don't deserve it.



Scott Rutt

Jul 21, 2017 6:14 AM EDT








































 











Trending


Worst Performing Tech Stocks: AMZN, AMD, MU, WDC


Jim Cramer Nails Starbucks' Big Decline, Warns Again of Downside to $50


U.S. Steel Shares Are Being Torched, Thanks to One Stock Analyst


Intel Is Well-Positioned for Growth as Long as AMD Doesn't Get In the Way


Amazon and General Electric Are Friday's Smoking Hot Tickers: AMZN, TSLA, SBUX, GE, AAPL, X











Advertising Partners



 






 






 






 


























 

























 































 


©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved.Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc.




Compare Brokers



 







 







 







 







 







 












 



Skyworks Appoints Kris Sennesael Chief Financial Officer | Business Wire
























































Skyworks Appoints Kris Sennesael Chief Financial Officer




Executive Brings More Than 23 Years of International Financial 
      Experience;Donald Palette to Retire Following Transitional 
      Period








August 29, 2016 04:15 PM Eastern Daylight Time



IRVINE, Calif.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Skyworks Solutions, Inc. (NASDAQ: SWKS) an innovator of high performance 
      analog semiconductors connecting people, places and things, today 
      announced that Kris Sennesael has joined Skyworks as senior vice 
      president and chief financial officer. Sennesael, 47, most recently 
      served as chief financial officer for Enphase Energy, a 
      semiconductor-based energy solutions provider.
    


      Prior to Enphase, Sennesael was chief financial officer at Standard 
      Microsystems, a designer of mixed signal connectivity solutions and, 
      previously, he held increasingly responsible financial positions at ON, 
      AMI Semiconductor and Alcatel Microelectronics. Sennesael holds 
      bachelor’s and master’s degrees in economics from the University of 
      Ghent, Belgium, as well as an MBA from the Vlerick Management School.
    

      “We are delighted to have Kris join Skyworks as we embark on our next 
      key growth phase driven by ubiquitous mobile connectivity and the 
      Internet of Things,” said Liam K. Griffin, president and chief executive 
      officer of Skyworks. “His unique combination of financial expertise, 
      operational acumen and industry knowledge will be valuable assets as we 
      build upon our market leadership and take Skyworks to the next level of 
      financial outperformance.”
    

      “I am excited to be joining Skyworks’ management team and enhancing the 
      Company’s industry-leading financial returns,” said Sennesael. 
      “Specifically, I look forward to driving further gross margin expansion, 
      operational excellence and ultimately shareholder value.”
    

      Donald Palette, 59, who has been Skyworks’ chief financial officer since 
      2007, will serve in an advisory role for a transitional period. “We 
      appreciate Don’s leadership and counsel over the last nine years, 
      particularly as we reshaped our business, outpaced our competition, 
      substantially improved our degree of profitability and strengthened our 
      balance sheet. Skyworks has benefited from the strong financial 
      foundation set by Don, and we wish him well in his retirement,” said 
      Griffin.
    

      “It has been a privilege to serve Skyworks, and I am proud of our many 
      accomplishments,” said Palette. “I am confident that the finance 
      organization is in great hands with Kris, and we anticipate a seamless 
      transition both internally and externally.”
    

About Skyworks


      Skyworks Solutions, Inc. is empowering the wireless networking 
      revolution. Our highly innovative analog semiconductors are connecting 
      people, places and things spanning a number of new and previously 
      unimagined applications within the automotive, broadband, cellular 
      infrastructure, connected home, industrial, medical, military, 
      smartphone, tablet and wearable markets.
    

      Skyworks is a global company with engineering, marketing, operations, 
      sales, and service facilities located throughout Asia, Europe and North 
      America. For more information, please visit Skyworks’ website at: www.skyworksinc.com.
    

Safe Harbor Statement


      This news release includes “forward-looking statements” intended to 
      qualify for the safe harbor from liability established by the Private 
      Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking 
      statements include without limitation information relating to future 
      results and expectations of Skyworks (e.g., certain projections and 
      business trends). Forward-looking statements can often be identified by 
      words such as “anticipates,” “expects,” “forecasts,” “intends,” 
      “believes,” “plans,” “may,” “will,” or “continue,” and similar 
      expressions and variations or negatives of these words. All such 
      statements are subject to certain risks, uncertainties and other 
      important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially 
      and adversely from those projected, and may affect our future operating 
      results, financial position and cash flows.
    

      These risks, uncertainties and other important factors include, but are 
      not limited to: uncertainty regarding global economic and financial 
      market conditions; the susceptibility of the semiconductor industry and 
      the markets addressed by our, and our customers’, products to economic 
      downturns; the timing, rescheduling or cancellation of significant 
      customer orders and our ability, as well as the ability of our 
      customers, to manage inventory; losses or curtailments of purchases or 
      payments from key customers, or the timing of customer inventory 
      adjustments; the availability and pricing of third-party semiconductor 
      foundry, assembly and test capacity, raw materials and supplier 
      components; changes in laws, regulations and/or policies that could 
      adversely affect either (i) the economy and our customers’ demand for 
      our products or (ii) the financial markets and our ability to raise 
      capital; our ability to develop, manufacture and market innovative 
      products in a highly price competitive and rapidly changing 
      technological environment; economic, social, military and geo-political 
      conditions in the countries in which we, our customers or our suppliers 
      operate, including security and health risks, possible disruptions in 
      transportation networks and fluctuations in foreign currency exchange 
      rates; fluctuations in our manufacturing yields due to our complex and 
      specialized manufacturing processes; delays or disruptions in production 
      due to equipment maintenance, repairs and/or upgrades; our reliance on 
      several key customers for a large percentage of our sales; fluctuations 
      in the manufacturing yields of our third-party semiconductor foundries 
      and other problems or delays in the fabrication, assembly, testing or 
      delivery of our products; our ability to timely and accurately predict 
      market requirements and evolving industry standards, and to identify 
      opportunities in new markets; uncertainties of litigation, including 
      potential disputes over intellectual property infringement and rights, 
      as well as payments related to the licensing and/or sale of such rights; 
      our ability to rapidly develop new products and avoid product 
      obsolescence; our ability to retain, recruit and hire key executives, 
      technical personnel and other employees in the positions and numbers, 
      with the experience and capabilities, and at the compensation levels 
      needed to implement our business and product plans; lengthy product 
      development cycles that impact the timing of new product introductions; 
      unfavorable changes in product mix; the quality of our products and any 
      remediation costs; shorter-than-expected product life cycles; problems 
      or delays that we may face in shifting our products to smaller geometry 
      process technologies and in achieving higher levels of design 
      integration; and our ability to continue to grow and maintain an 
      intellectual property portfolio and obtain needed licenses from third 
      parties, as well as other risks and uncertainties, including, but not 
      limited to, those detailed from time to time in our filings with the 
      Securities and Exchange Commission.
    

      The forward-looking statements contained in this news release are made 
      only as of the date hereof, and we undertake no obligation to update or 
      revise the forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new 
      information, future events or otherwise.
    

Note to Editors: Skyworks and Skyworks Solutions are trademarks or 
      registered trademarks of Skyworks Solutions, Inc. or its subsidiaries in 
      the United States and in other countries. All other brands and names 
      listed are trademarks of their respective companies.





Contacts

      Skyworks Solutions, Inc.Media Relations:Pilar Barrigas(949) 
      231-3061orInvestor Relations:Mitch Haws(949) 
      231-3223
    















Release Summary
Skyworks Appoints Kris Sennesael Chief Financial Officer





$Cashtags

$SWKS



Social Media Profiles

Skyworks on Facebook
Skyworks on Twitter
Skyworks on LinkedIn





Contacts

      Skyworks Solutions, Inc.Media Relations:Pilar Barrigas(949) 
      231-3061orInvestor Relations:Mitch Haws(949) 
      231-3223
    








 
 

 






Search




Advanced News Search

Advanced News Search













Log In
Sign Up















Kris Sennesael – CFO Moves 





































CFO MovesTracking CFO Movement Across the USA
CFO Moves – week ending September 2, 2016
Posted on September 6, 2016 Written by Samuel Dergel Leave a Comment CFO Moves this week include:



Verizon Communications Inc.
Delek US Holdings, Inc.
Liberty Media Corporation


Baldwin & Lyons, Inc.
SproutLoud
Finesse Solutions, Inc.


IDEX CORPORATION
Double Eagle Energy Holdings II
PRG


Eco-Site, Inc.
MakeOffices
Crown Bioscience


Adams Resources & Energy, Inc.
Skyworks Solutions, Inc.
Deluxe Corporation


Communications Systems, Inc.
Stoneridge, Inc.
Innovus Pharmaceuticals, Inc.


Metamason, Inc
Ferro Corporation
Command Center, Inc.


Orchids Paper Products Company
Lithium Technologies
Digital Turbine, Inc.


Point Inside
Rodan & Fields, LLC
Coastal Banking Company Inc.


The Cooper Companies, Inc.





Would you like to receive our weekly CFO Moves directly in your email? Click the SIGN ME UP! button on the right of the blog page.
Should you have any CFO Moves to report, please email us.
NEW: CFO Search Report available monthly to CFOs only. Read more here.
CFO Moves is published by Samuel Dergel (Executive Search Consultant and CFO & Financial Executive Search Specialist with Dergel Executive Search). Samuel can be reached by email at samuel@dergelcfo.com or by phone at +1 (415) 738-2070.
+ + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + +
Verizon Communications Inc. [NEW YORK] (NYSE, NASDAQ: VZ) announced that Francis J. (Fran) Shammo plans to retire at the end of 2016 after 27 years with the company. Verizon’s Board of Directors appointed Matthew D. (Matt) Ellis to succeed Shammo as executive vice president and CFO. Prior to Ellis’ current role, he was senior vice president and treasurer for Verizon. Ellis joined Verizon in 2013, after having spent 15 years at Tyson Foods, Inc. in a variety of roles. At Tyson, he was vice president and treasurer. From 2007 through 2010, Ellis was vice president – Finance. From 2005 to 2007, Ellis was vice president – Country Manager. Previously, Ellis worked in England for Dixons Stores Group PLC and Coopers & Lybrand, where he qualified as a Chartered Accountant.
Delek US Holdings, Inc. [BRENTWOOD, Tenn.] (NYSE: DK) announced that Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Assi Ginzburg has decided to resign his role as chief financial officer.
Liberty Media Corporation [ENGLEWOOD, Colo.] (NASDAQ: LSXMA, LSXMB, LSXMK, BATRA, BATRK, LMCA, LMCK) announced that Mark D. Carleton has been appointed to the position of Chief Financial Officer. Prior to joining Liberty Media’s predecessors, Mr. Carleton served as a partner in the accounting firm of KPMG.
Baldwin & Lyons, Inc. [Carmel, Indiana] (NASDAQ: BWINA) (NASDAQ: BWINB) announced that William C. Vens has been appointed Chief Financial Officer of the Company. Mr. Vens joined the Company in June 2014 as Managing Director of Finance and after that served as Vice President of Strategy and Planning from June 2016 to the present. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Vens served in Merrill Lynch & Co.’s investment banking division from 2002 to 2011.
Davis Spinola
SproutLoud [Sunrise, FL] announced that David Spinola has been tapped as Chief Financial Officer. Prior to joining SproutLoud, David spent 10 at leading private equity firms, including Code Hennessy & Simmons, Brockway Moran & Partners, and Millpond Equity Partners. David also previously served as Chief Financial Officer at Academy Medical, LLC. He began his career in the Mergers & Acquisitions Group at Salomon Smith Barney.
Finesse Solutions, Inc. [SANTA CLARA, Calif.] announced the appointment of Sara Kaur as chief financial officer. Ms. Kaur has served as vice president of finance since July 2015 and was recently promoted. Prior to joining Finesse, Ms. Kaur was finance director and international controller for Kulicke & Soffa. She has held senior accounting positions at Ameresco Inc., Microsemi Corporation and Varian Inc. Over the course of her career, Ms. Kaur has also consulted at Google, Symantec Corporation and Hercules Capital.
IDEX CORPORATION [LAKE FOREST, Ill.] (NYSE:IEX) announced that Michael J. Yates has been appointed interim Chief Financial Officer of the Company. Mr. Yates has been at IDEX for 11 years and has served as Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer since 2010. Prior to that, he was Vice President and Controller for five years. Mr. Yates held positions with PriceWaterhouse Coopers and KPMG for 17 years prior to joining IDEX.
Double Eagle Energy Holdings II [FORT WORTH, Texas] announced that Richard A. Burnett has joined the Company to serve as its Chief Financial Officer. Mr. Burnett was most recently with EXCO Resources, Inc. from 2013-2016, where he served as Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Mr. Burnett was previously a partner at KPMG LLP where he spent 12 years primarily serving the oil and gas industry. He began his career at Arthur Andersen LLP.
PRG [NEW YORK] announced the appointment of Joseph T. Cirillo as its Chief Financial Officer. Prior to joining PRG, Cirillo was Vice President, Controller and Chief Accounting Officer at Blyth, Inc. Previously he held the role of Vice President, Reporting & Planning at Blyth, Inc.
Eco-Site, Inc. [DURHAM, N.C.] announced that former chief operating officer/chief financial officer of CalStar Products, Inc. Jack Barry has been appointed as chief financial officer.
Brian Bharwani
MakeOffices [WASHINGTON] announced the addition of Brian Bharwani as chief financial officer. He joins MakeOffices from Clarabridge, where he was vice president of financial planning and analysis.
Crown Bioscience [SANTA CLARA, Calif.] announced that Ms. Eva Ho has been appointed Chief Financial Officer. Ho will take on Mr. Bing Zhu’s previous role, who has now been appointed Chief Operating Officer.
Adams Resources & Energy, Inc. [HOUSTON] (NYSE MKT: AE) announced that Richard B. Abshire, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer, is retiring. Sharon C. Davis, the Company’s current Executive Vice President, Chief Operating Officer and Chief Accounting Officer will assume the duties of Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer on an interim basis.
Skyworks Solutions, Inc. [IRVINE, Calif.] (NASDAQ: SWKS) announced that Kris Sennesael has joined Skyworks as senior vice president and chief financial officer. Sennesael most recently served as chief financial officer for Enphase Energy. Prior to Enphase, Sennesael was chief financial officer at Standard Microsystems, and previously, he held increasingly responsible financial positions at ON, AMI Semiconductor and Alcatel Microelectronics.
Deluxe Corporation [ST. PAUL, Minn.] (NYSE: DLX) announced that Edward A. Merritt will assume the role of Chief Financial Officer on an interim basis, effective upon the departure of Terry Peterson, who has resigned to take a similar position at a larger company. Merritt has been Treasurer and Vice President of Investor Relations of Deluxe since joining Deluxe in August 2013, a position he will continue to hold. From August 2007 to August 2013, he was the Vice President of Treasury, Investor Relations & Corporate Development for Digital River, Inc. Prior to joining Digital River, he spent over 20 years in the retailing industry with the JCPenney Company, Inc.
Communications Systems, Inc. [MINNETONKA, Minn.] (NASDAQ: JCS) announced the appointment of Mark Fandrich as the Company’s Chief Financial Officer. Mr. Fandrich succeeds Edwin C. Freeman, who has assumed the position of Treasurer and Vice President of Corporate Development. Mr. Fandrich served as Vice President of Finance for the Company’s Suttle business unit since July 2015. From 2005 to 2015, he was Corporate Controller of The Bergquist Company. From 2000 to 2005, Mr. Fandrich served as Director of Finance of Larex Inc. From 1984 to 2000, Mr. Fandrich served in finance and accounting roles at several private and public companies and as a tax accountant for Arthur Andersen & Co.
Stoneridge, Inc. [WARREN, Ohio] (NYSE: SRI) announced that Robert R. Krakowiak has been appointed Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer.  He succeeds George E. Strickler, who will remain with the Company as Executive Vice President. Since 2012, Krakowiak has been Vice President, Treasury and Investor Relations, for Visteon Corporation.  Prior to that, he served in a number of senior financial roles during his seven years at Owens Corning, including Vice President of Finance for Owens Corning’s Composite Solutions Business and Vice President and Controller of Roofing and Asphalt. In addition, he spent three years as Vice President and Treasurer for Oxford Automotive Inc.  He was also a Divisional Vice President of Finance at Kmart.  Krakowiak began his career at the Ford Motor Company Electronics Division as a product design engineer.
Innovus Pharmaceuticals, Inc. [SAN DIEGO] (OTCQB Venture Market: INNV) announced that Robert Hoffman will join the management team as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Most recently, Mr. Hoffman was Chief Financial Officer of AnaptysBio, Inc. He was part of the founding management team of Arena Pharmaceuticals, Inc., in 1997, serving as Senior Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer until 2015. He also served as Chief Financial Officer for Polaris Group, from March 2011 to August 2011. Mr. Hoffman is a member of the board of directors of CombiMatrix Corporation, Kura Oncology, Inc., and MabVax Therapeutics Holdings, Inc. He also was a member of the Financial Accounting Standards Board’sSmall Business Advisory Committee until 2015 and is a member of the steering committee of the Association of Bioscience Financial Officers.
Metamason, Inc. [SAN FRANCISCO, CA] announced that Cliff Sarkin has tendered his resignation as Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer. Les Karpas, Chief Executive Officer of Metamason, will assume responsibility for Mr. Sarkin’s duties on an interim basis.
Ferro Corporation [CLEVELAND] (NYSE: FOE) announced Benjamin Schlater, who has served as Ferro’s Vice President, Corporate Development and Strategy since September 2015, has been named Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, succeeding Jeffrey Rutherford, who stepped down from the position. Mr. Schlater joined Ferro in September 2015. His experience includes serving as treasurer and head of corporate development, strategic and financial planning, and risk management at Veyance Technologies. Prior to Veyance, he was a managing director at FTI Consulting. Prior to that, he was a manager at PricewaterhouseCoopers in its corporate finance practice.
Command Center, Inc. [DENVER] (OTCQB: CCNI) has appointed Colette Pieper to the position of chief financial officer. She replaces Jeff Wilson, whose tenure as CFO ended on September 1. Pieper joins Command Center after serving from 2012 to 2016 as CFO of Life Partners Holdings. From 2006 to 2012, Pieper was an executive director and accounting/financial director for USAA. From 2003 to 2005, she served as CFO of Clark American Checks and from 2000 to 2003 served as vice president and CFO of Checks In The Mail, Inc.
Orchids Paper Products Company [PRYOR, Okla.] (NYSE: Mkt: “TIS”) announced that Rodney D. Gloss will join the Company as Chief Financial Officer. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Gloss served between 2011 and 2016 as Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Atna Resources Ltd. In 2010 and 2011, Mr. Gloss served as Corporate Controller of Alacer Gold Corporation. Prior to 2010, Mr. Gloss served in senior financial positions with Intrepid Potash, Inc., and Timminco Ltd.
Jim Cox
Lithium Technologies [SAN FRANCISCO] announced Jim Cox as its new senior vice president and chief financial officer. He succeeds Mark Culhane. Cox joins Lithium from Advent Software, where he held the title of executive vice president and CFO. Prior to joining Advent, Cox held various roles at UTStarcom Inc and PricewaterhouseCooper.
Digital Turbine, Inc. [AUSTIN, Texas] (NASDAQ: APPS) announced the appointment of Barrett Garrison as Chief Financial Officer, replacing Andrew Schleimer. Garrison previously served as Vice President and then Chief Financial Officer of NetSpend Corporation. Subsequent to NetSpend, Mr. Garrison was Chief Financial Officer of Competitor Group. Mr. Garrison was the Financial Controller of Dell Financial Services, from 2007 to 2008.
Brandon Ferguson
Point Inside [BELLEVUE, WA] announced the addition of Brandon Ferguson as CFO. Prior to Point Inside, Brandon Ferguson worked as CFO and director of operations for PicMonkey. He has also served as an advisor for numerous Seattle startups.
Rodan & Fields, LLC [SAN FRANCISCO] announced the appointment of Chris Newman as Chief Financial Officer (CFO). Most recently, Mr. Newman was Chief Operating Officer of Serena & Lily. Prior to joining Serena & Lily, Mr. Newman served as CFO, Executive Vice President and Head of Development at Orchard Supply Hardware and served as its Principal Accounting Officer. Prior to that, he served as the CFO, Senior Vice President and Secretary of Restoration Hardware Holdings, Inc., and Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Store Operations at Limited Brands, Inc., where he also held various executive positions. He has held various financial positions at PepsiCo, Incorporated. Mr. Newman began his career at J.P. Morgan.
Coastal Banking Company Inc. [BEAUFORT, SC] (OTCQX: CBCO) announced that its board of directors has elected Thomas J. Flournoy executive vice president and chief financial officer.
Cooper Companies, Inc. [PLEASANTON, Calif.] (NYSE: COO) announced that Gregory W. Matz, senior vice president, chief financial officer and chief risk officer, plans to retire from the company in early 2017 after more than six years of service to the company. As part of his planned transition, Mr. Matz intends to remain in his current role through fiscal year end October 31, 2016, and then act in an advisory capacity until March 2017 to ensure a smooth transition. Albert G. White, III will succeed Mr. Matz as chief financial officer.  Mr. White will assume this role in addition to his current responsibilities as executive vice president and chief strategy officer of Cooper Companies, which includes responsibility for leading CooperSurgical.
Share this:LinkedInTwitterFacebookGoogleEmailPrintLike this:Like Loading...CFO Moves – week ending August 12, 2016
Posted on August 15, 2016 Written by Samuel Dergel Leave a Comment CFO Moves this week include:



Swift Energy Company
National CineMedia, Inc.
Blow and Drive Interlock Corporation


Cambridge Trust Company
Omni-Lite Industries Canada Inc.
PharMerica Corporation


hhgregg, Inc.
Seno Medical Instruments, Inc
Unico American Corporation


CPI Card Group
Watermill Group
Lending Club


Enphase Energy, Inc.
Superior Controls, Inc
RapidMiner


Claire’s Stores, Inc.
Healthways, Inc.
Rambus Inc.


HSN, Inc.
Southern Concepts Restaurant Group, Inc.
Coastal Banking Company Inc.


Quantenna Communications, Inc.,
Dick’s Sporting Goods, Inc.




Would you like to receive our weekly CFO Moves directly in your email? Click the SIGN ME UP! button on the right of the blog page.
Should you have any CFO Moves to report, please email us.
NEW: CFO Search Report available monthly to CFOs only. Read more here.
CFO Moves is published by Samuel Dergel (Executive Search Consultant and CFO & Financial Executive Search Specialist with Dergel Executive Search). Samuel can be reached by email at samuel@dergelcfo.com or by phone at +1 (415) 738-2070.
+ + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + +
Swift Energy Company [HOUSTON] announced that Alton D. Heckaman, Jr., Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, is retiring. Alton Heckaman has been at Swift Energy since 1982, when he started his career as a Manager of Accounting. Other roles included Controller, Assistant Vice President of Finance, and Vice President of Finance.
National CineMedia, Inc. [CENTENNIAL, Colo.] (NASDAQ: NCMI) announced that Katie Scherping will also serve as CFO of NCM LLC. Scherping comes to NCM from Quiznos, where she had served as interim president and CEO since June of 2016. Previously, she had been a part of the Quiznos management team in the role of chief financial officer since December of 2013. Prior to joining Quiznos, Scherping served as Red Robin Gourmet Burgers’ chief financial officer from June 2005 to July 2011. Scherping began her career in Denver as an auditor with Arthur Andersen.
Blow and Drive Interlock Corporation [BEVERLY HILLS, CA] (OTCQB: BDIC) announced that has appointed Abraham Summers, Gnosiis International’s Managing Partner, to be serving as the Chief Financial Officer of Blow & Drive Interlock.
Cambridge Trust Company [CAMBRIDGE, Mass.] (OTCQB: CATC) announced the retirement of Albert R. Rietheimer, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer. Before joining the Bank in 2005, Mr. Rietheimer served as Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of Bancorp Rhode Island (now part of Brookline Bancorp) for nine years. He currently serves as Vice Chairperson of the New England Automated Clearing House (NEACH) and has served as National Chairperson of the Financial Managers Society.
Omni-Lite Industries Canada Inc. [LOS ANGELES] announced that Tim Leybold has joined the Omni-Lite team as Chief Financial Officer (“CFO”). Most recently Mr. Leybold was CFO of Till Capital Ltd. Tim also served as a Director of Till’s operating subsidiaries.  Previously he was a CFO with Tatum CFO Partners, and also served as CFO for Port Townsend Paper Corp. and its subsidiary Crown Packaging Ltd., the Port Blakely Companies and RLC Industries.
PharMerica Corporation [LOUISVILLE, Ky.] (NYSE: PMC) announced that David W. Froesel Jr., Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer, intends to retire from the Company. Mr. Froesel will continue as Chief Financial Officer through the end of September 2016 to ensure a seamless transition.
hhgregg, Inc. [INDIANAPOLIS] (NYSE: HGG) announced the internal promotion of Kevin Kovacs to Chief Financial Officer. Mr. Kovacs is assuming the CFO role from Robert Riesbeck who was recently appointed President and Chief Executive Officer. Since joining hhgregg in 2009, Mr. Kovacs held the roles of Vice President/Controller and Director of Tax and Treasury. Prior to joining the company, he served as Director of Tax and Treasury for Steak n Shake, and as Senior Tax Manager with KPMG, LLP.
Seno Medical Instruments, Inc. [SAN ANTONIO] announced the appointment of Eric Davis as Chief Financial Officer. Mr. Davis previously served as the Chief Financial Officer and Corporate Treasurer at CeloNova BioSciences, Inc. Prior to that, Mr. Davis was the CFO and Operating Officer at Genesis Networks Enterprises, LLC.
Unico American Corporation [CALABASAS, Calif.] (NASDAQ: UNAM) announced that it has appointed Michael Budnitsky to Treasurer, Chief Financial Officer and Secretary of the Company. Mr. Budnitsky most recently served as Vice President of Accounting of the Company. He joined the Company in September 2014. Previously, Mr. Budnitsky worked at HCC Surety Group from May 2005 to September 2014 where he most recently served as Vice President, Controller. Prior to HCC Surety Group, Mr. Budnitsky worked as a financial reporting manager at the Automobile Club of Southern California and as an audit manager at KPMG LLP.
CPI Card Group [LITTLETON, Colo.] (NASDAQ: PMTS) announced that David Brush will resign from his position as Chief Financial Officer. Mr. Brush has agreed to remain available to serve as a part time executive consultant to the Company.
Watermill Group [LEXINGTON, Mass.] announced that Principal Michael Fuller is now CFO. Prior to joining Watermill, Mr. Fuller served as Director at Phoenix Management Services, Inc., and as President and CEO of York Manufacturing, Inc. Mr. Fuller is an active member of ACG and the Turnaround Management Association (TMA).
Lending Club [SAN FRANCISCO] (NYSE: LC) announced that Carrie Dolan resigned from her role as CFO to pursue a new opportunity. In response, Lending Club has appointed Bradley Coleman to Principal Accounting Officer and Interim CFO. Mr. Coleman has served as Lending Club’s corporate controller since 2013 and will continue in that role while fulfilling his new duties.
Enphase Energy, Inc. [PETALUMA, CA] announced that Kris Sennesael, vice president and chief financial officer, has resigned. Bert Garcia, currently Enphase’s vice president of finance, has been promoted to succeed Sennesael as Enphase’s vice president and chief financial officer, and he will also serve as the Company’s principal financial and accounting officer. Prior to joining Enphase, Garcia held finance leadership positions of increasing responsibility in several technology companies, including RealNetworks, InfoSpace and Smart Modular Technologies. He began his career in the Silicon Valley with Grant Thornton LLP.
Allen Schweitzer
Superior Controls, Inc. [SEABROOK, NH] announced that Allen Schweitzer will join Superior Controls as its first Chief Financial Officer (CFO). Schweitzer most recently served as Vice President and CFO of Harbor Health Services, Inc.
RapidMiner™ [BOSTON] announced Tim O’Toole as its Chief Financial Officer. Prior to joining RapidMiner, O’Toole served as CFO of Yotta, Dyn, and Rapid7. Earlier in his career, O’Toole was on the senior leadership team at Bladelogic.
Claire’s Stores, Inc. [Hoffman Estates, Illinois] announced that J. Per Brodin notified the Company of his intent to resign as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. The Company expects that Mr. Brodin will continue to serve in an advisory role with the Company through October 2016.
Healthways, Inc. [NASHVILLE, Tenn.] (NASDAQ: HWAY) announced that Robert E. Dries has been named executive vice president and chief financial officer. Dries will succeed Alfred Lumsdaine, who is resigning. Dries most recently served as senior vice president, financial operations of Omnicare, Inc.
Rambus Inc. [Sunnyvale, California] announced that Satish Rishi has resigned from his positions as Senior Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer of Rambus Inc. The company has named Martin Pilling as interim Chief Financial Officer. Mr. Pilling has served as the Company’s VP Corporate Controller since June 2016. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Pilling served as VP of Finance at Aerospike, from March 2015 to April 2016 and Principal Accounting Officer of Turn, from September 2014 to December 2015. From June 2012 to September 2014, he was VP and Corporate Controller of NeoPhotonics Corporation. From September 2011 to June 2012, he served as Business Unit Controller at Symantec Corporation. From January 2007 to June 2011, he served as International Controller at Google Inc.
HSN, Inc. [ST. PETERSBURG, Fla.] (NASDAQ: HSNI) announced that Judy Schmeling, currently Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer of the Company, will assume the role of President of Cornerstone. She will continue to serve in her capacity as COO of HSNi and will remain CFO during this transition until a successor is appointed. Ms. Schmeling joined the company in 1994 as Director of Investor Relations and Treasury. She was promoted to Vice President of Strategic Planning and Analysis in 1998, to Senior Vice President of Finance in 1999, to Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer in 2001, and to Chief Financial Officer of HSNi when the Company went public in 2008. She added the role of Chief Operating Officer in 2013.
Southern Concepts Restaurant Group, Inc. [COLORADO SPRINGS, Colo.] (OTCQB: RIBS) has named James J. Fenlason Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer. He replaces Heather Atkinson, who resigned. Fenlason has been a Board member since June of 2014 and served as the Co-Chairman.
Coastal Banking Company Inc. [BEAUFORT, SC] has appointed Thomas J. Flournoy as chief financial officer of the company. Most recently, Flournoy served as senior vice president and CFO of First Bank of Georgia and Georgia-Carolina Bancshares, Inc.
Quantenna Communications, Inc. [Fremont, Calif.] announced that Sean Sobers has joined as Chief Financial Officer. Prior to joining Quantenna, Mr. Sobers served as Corporate Vice President of Finance and Controller at Cadence Design Systems, Inc. Prior to Cadence, he was Vice President of Finance at Polycom, Inc., and Controller at the Software Group of EMC Corporation. Prior to its acquisition by EMC, Mr. Sobers was Corporate Controller at Documentum.
Dick’s Sporting Goods, Inc. [Coraopolis, PA] announced that Teri List-Stoll is no longer EVP- Chief Financial Officer of the Company. André Hawaux, the Company’s EVP- Chief Operating Officer, will serve as the principal financial officer on an interim basis. Mr. Hawaux became Executive Vice President- Chief Operating Officer in August 2015. From February 2015 to August 2015, Mr. Hawaux served as Executive Vice President- Chief Operating Officer/ Chief Financial Officer. From June 2013 to January 2015, Mr. Hawaux served as Executive Vice President- Finance, Administration and Chief Financial Officer. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Hawaux served as the President, Consumer Foods of ConAgra Foods, Inc. from January 2009 to May 2013. From 2006 to 2009, Mr. Hawaux served as ConAgra Foods’ Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer. Prior to ConAgra Foods, Mr. Hawaux served as general manager of a U.S. division of PepsiAmericas and previously served as Chief Financial Officer for Pepsi-Cola North America and Pepsi International’s China business unit.
Share this:LinkedInTwitterFacebookGoogleEmailPrintLike this:Like Loading...Follow CFO Moves via Email

Join the 6,404 people that receive this update by email every week. 
Enter your email address to subscribe to this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email.
 

							Email Address						












Sign up for the CFO Search Report
CFO Search Report, a follow on to CFO Moves, provides  information on CFO career opportunities in the market. 
CFO Search Report provides eligible CFOs with more information on the career opportunities identified in CFO Moves.  
CFO Search Report will provide monthly updates to eligible CFOs only. 
To apply to join and receive this exclusive monthly report, please click this link.
PS - Only qualified CFOs will be accepted to receive this exclusive monthly report. 


Samuel Dergel
Samuel is an Executive Search Consultant and CFO & Financial Executive Search Specialist with Dergel Executive Search.
Samuel and his team prepares this blog weekly so you can have one comprehensive source for CFO Moves across the USA. We track CFO Moves in our quest to be the most knowledgeable and up to date Executive Search firm focusing on the Chief Financial Officer.
If you are a company that would like help with your next CFO Hire, are a CFO that is looking to hire the right deputies for your team, or are a CFO looking for your next move, feel free to contact us.
Telephone: (415) 738-2070
Email: samuel@dergelcfo.com

 
 


Twitter: DergelCFOFollow"6 years later: Looking back at my career reboot" https://t.co/0DOtFZjK8z by @DergelCFO on @LinkedIn   Are you a #CFO with something to say about US #taxreform ?   RT @cfo: Penn West CFO and two deputies charged with #fraud. https://t.co/BlM98ACgrm https://t.co/oA76gnXLFu   This weeks' #CFO Moves includes movement at @LiquidRobotics @Kohls @MarinSoftware and 19 other co's… https://t.co/3VA0ZPZBq8   RT @OracleERPCloud: #CFOs: which quality best describes your style? See what else @DergelCFO thinks makes a great #CFO https://t.co/3TLWeah…   
Archives
Archives

Select Month
 July 2017 
 June 2017 
 May 2017 
 April 2017 
 March 2017 
 February 2017 
 January 2017 
 December 2016 
 November 2016 
 October 2016 
 September 2016 
 August 2016 
 July 2016 
 June 2016 
 May 2016 
 April 2016 
 March 2016 
 February 2016 
 January 2016 
 December 2015 
 November 2015 
 October 2015 
 September 2015 
 August 2015 
 July 2015 
 June 2015 
 May 2015 
 April 2015 
 March 2015 
 February 2015 
 January 2015 
 December 2014 
 November 2014 
 October 2014 
 September 2014 
 August 2014 
 July 2014 
 June 2014 
 May 2014 
 April 2014 
 March 2014 
 February 2014 
 January 2014 
 December 2013 
 November 2013 
 October 2013 
 September 2013 
 August 2013 
 July 2013 
 June 2013 
 May 2013 
 April 2013 
 March 2013 
 February 2013 
 January 2013 
 December 2012 
 November 2012 
 October 2012 
 September 2012 
 August 2012 
 July 2012 
 June 2012 
 May 2012 
 April 2012 
 March 2012 
 February 2012 
 January 2012 
 December 2011 
 November 2011 
 October 2011 
 September 2011 


EmailLinkedinRSSTwitter
© 2011-2016 Samuel Dergel (Executive Search Consultant and CFO Search Specialist). All rights reserved


 




Send to Email Address

Your Name

Your Email Address





Cancel

				Post was not sent - check your email addresses!			

				Email check failed, please try again			

				Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.			














%d bloggers like this:






Skyworks Appoints Kris Sennesael Chief Financial Officer - MarketWatch



















































Bulletin






Investor Alert







New York Markets Close in:



Market Snapshot
Winners and Losers




















press release


					Aug. 29, 2016, 4:15 p.m. EDT
				
Skyworks Appoints Kris Sennesael Chief Financial Officer
Executive Brings More Than 23 Years of International Financial 
      Experience;Donald Palette to Retire Following Transitional 
      Period
































IRVINE, Calif., Aug 29, 2016 (BUSINESS WIRE) --
Skyworks Solutions, Inc.                 

/quotes/zigman/88033/composite SWKS
-0.99%


 an innovator of high performance 
      analog semiconductors connecting people, places and things, today 
      announced that Kris Sennesael has joined Skyworks as senior vice 
      president and chief financial officer. Sennesael, 47, most recently 
      served as chief financial officer for Enphase Energy, a 
      semiconductor-based energy solutions provider.


                                        








Prior to Enphase, Sennesael was chief financial officer at Standard 
      Microsystems, a designer of mixed signal connectivity solutions and, 
      previously, he held increasingly responsible financial positions at ON, 
      AMI Semiconductor and Alcatel Microelectronics. Sennesael holds 
      bachelor’s and master’s degrees in economics from the University of 
      Ghent, Belgium, as well as an MBA from the Vlerick Management School.


                                        








“We are delighted to have Kris join Skyworks as we embark on our next 
      key growth phase driven by ubiquitous mobile connectivity and the 
      Internet of Things,” said Liam K. Griffin, president and chief executive 
      officer of Skyworks. “His unique combination of financial expertise, 
      operational acumen and industry knowledge will be valuable assets as we 
      build upon our market leadership and take Skyworks to the next level of 
      financial outperformance.”


                                        








“I am excited to be joining Skyworks’ management team and enhancing the 
      Company’s industry-leading financial returns,” said Sennesael. 
      “Specifically, I look forward to driving further gross margin expansion, 
      operational excellence and ultimately shareholder value.”


                                        








Donald Palette, 59, who has been Skyworks’ chief financial officer since 
      2007, will serve in an advisory role for a transitional period. “We 
      appreciate Don’s leadership and counsel over the last nine years, 
      particularly as we reshaped our business, outpaced our competition, 
      substantially improved our degree of profitability and strengthened our 
      balance sheet. Skyworks has benefited from the strong financial 
      foundation set by Don, and we wish him well in his retirement,” said 
      Griffin.


                                        








“It has been a privilege to serve Skyworks, and I am proud of our many 
      accomplishments,” said Palette. “I am confident that the finance 
      organization is in great hands with Kris, and we anticipate a seamless 
      transition both internally and externally.”


                                        

About Skyworks









Skyworks Solutions, Inc. is empowering the wireless networking 
      revolution. Our highly innovative analog semiconductors are connecting 
      people, places and things spanning a number of new and previously 
      unimagined applications within the automotive, broadband, cellular 
      infrastructure, connected home, industrial, medical, military, 
      smartphone, tablet and wearable markets.


                                        








Skyworks is a global company with engineering, marketing, operations, 
      sales, and service facilities located throughout Asia, Europe and North 
      America. For more information, please visit Skyworks’ website at:         www.skyworksinc.com
.


                                        

Safe Harbor Statement









This news release includes “forward-looking statements” intended to 
      qualify for the safe harbor from liability established by the Private 
      Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking 
      statements include without limitation information relating to future 
      results and expectations of Skyworks (e.g., certain projections and 
      business trends). Forward-looking statements can often be identified by 
      words such as “anticipates,” “expects,” “forecasts,” “intends,” 
      “believes,” “plans,” “may,” “will,” or “continue,” and similar 
      expressions and variations or negatives of these words. All such 
      statements are subject to certain risks, uncertainties and other 
      important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially 
      and adversely from those projected, and may affect our future operating 
      results, financial position and cash flows.


                                        








These risks, uncertainties and other important factors include, but are 
      not limited to: uncertainty regarding global economic and financial 
      market conditions; the susceptibility of the semiconductor industry and 
      the markets addressed by our, and our customers’, products to economic 
      downturns; the timing, rescheduling or cancellation of significant 
      customer orders and our ability, as well as the ability of our 
      customers, to manage inventory; losses or curtailments of purchases or 
      payments from key customers, or the timing of customer inventory 
      adjustments; the availability and pricing of third-party semiconductor 
      foundry, assembly and test capacity, raw materials and supplier 
      components; changes in laws, regulations and/or policies that could 
      adversely affect either (i) the economy and our customers’ demand for 
      our products or (ii) the financial markets and our ability to raise 
      capital; our ability to develop, manufacture and market innovative 
      products in a highly price competitive and rapidly changing 
      technological environment; economic, social, military and geo-political 
      conditions in the countries in which we, our customers or our suppliers 
      operate, including security and health risks, possible disruptions in 
      transportation networks and fluctuations in foreign currency exchange 
      rates; fluctuations in our manufacturing yields due to our complex and 
      specialized manufacturing processes; delays or disruptions in production 
      due to equipment maintenance, repairs and/or upgrades; our reliance on 
      several key customers for a large percentage of our sales; fluctuations 
      in the manufacturing yields of our third-party semiconductor foundries 
      and other problems or delays in the fabrication, assembly, testing or 
      delivery of our products; our ability to timely and accurately predict 
      market requirements and evolving industry standards, and to identify 
      opportunities in new markets; uncertainties of litigation, including 
      potential disputes over intellectual property infringement and rights, 
      as well as payments related to the licensing and/or sale of such rights; 
      our ability to rapidly develop new products and avoid product 
      obsolescence; our ability to retain, recruit and hire key executives, 
      technical personnel and other employees in the positions and numbers, 
      with the experience and capabilities, and at the compensation levels 
      needed to implement our business and product plans; lengthy product 
      development cycles that impact the timing of new product introductions; 
      unfavorable changes in product mix; the quality of our products and any 
      remediation costs; shorter-than-expected product life cycles; problems 
      or delays that we may face in shifting our products to smaller geometry 
      process technologies and in achieving higher levels of design 
      integration; and our ability to continue to grow and maintain an 
      intellectual property portfolio and obtain needed licenses from third 
      parties, as well as other risks and uncertainties, including, but not 
      limited to, those detailed from time to time in our filings with the 
      Securities and Exchange Commission.


                                        








The forward-looking statements contained in this news release are made 
      only as of the date hereof, and we undertake no obligation to update or 
      revise the forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new 
      information, future events or otherwise.


                                        


Note to Editors: Skyworks and Skyworks Solutions are trademarks or 
      registered trademarks of Skyworks Solutions, Inc. or its subsidiaries in 
      the United States and in other countries. All other brands and names 
      listed are trademarks of their respective companies.        















View source version on businesswire.com:         http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20160829005888/en/









SOURCE: Skyworks Solutions, Inc.">








Skyworks Solutions, Inc.        
Media Relations:

Pilar Barrigas        
(949) 
      231-3061        
or        
Investor Relations:

Mitch Haws        
(949) 
      231-3223


                                        








Copyright Business Wire 2016
                    



/quotes/zigman/88033/composite 





 Add to watchlist
                    
SWKS




Skyworks Solutions Inc.


                US
                
                    : U.S.: Nasdaq
                
            




$
105.94



-1.06
-0.99%




Volume: 909,578
July 28, 2017 2:49p






P/E Ratio20.37
Dividend Yield1.21%




Market Cap$19.74 billion
Rev. per Employee$479,753





 









 










































Most Popular





1.






All the companies in Jeff Bezos’s empire, in one (large) chart






2.





Market Snapshot

Stock market lower after Amazon disappointment, but pares losses






3.





The Ratings Game

Get ready for the less-profitable Amazon that you used to know 






4.





MarketWatch First Take

Intel earnings have message for AMD and Nvidia: ‘Bring it on’






5.





SectorWatch

Why 56 million Americans have no bank account: Not what you think








Find a Broker

Partner Center »























Featured Stories





Seeing America again through new eyes







How to dig yourself out of debt







Move over, Tesla? Karma unveils its hybrid sports car







The salary you need to afford a home in these 25 cities







Why OPEC will never cut production again













Log In




2:50 PM EDT
July 28, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Open


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
2:49pWhat 10 million simulations tell us about President Trump’s chances of achieving 3% economic growth
2:47pPeople still aren’t saving for retirement — and that’s part of why myRA is shutting down 
2:47pTo be a better investor, read more good novels
2:46pAct like a pro athlete the next time you ask for a pay raise 
2:46pWhy gold buyers are so susceptible to fraud
2:44pOil prices log biggest weekly gain of the year
2:39pGold tallies third weekly gain on North Korea news, weaker dollar 
2:39pSept. WTI oil climbs 67 cents, or 1.4%, to settle at $49.71/bbl
2:39pWTI oil ends at highest since late May, up 8.6% for the week
2:35pWhat Trump could do to make Obamacare ‘implode’
2:32pAre you prepared for retirement? 10 questions to ask yourself
2:32p10 questions to ask yourself before you buy — or sell — a house
2:24pWage-rebound story takes another hit after drab ECI report
2:24pStock market lower after Amazon disappointment, but pares losses
2:15pHow a college degree is like a Social Security check
2:13pOpinion Journal: The Trump Tax Reform Agenda
2:10pRetire early? Sounds great on paper but it could cost a lot
2:07p101 things to do in London for $20 or less
2:05pWho are the beneficiaries of a 401(k) if my wife and I die at the same time?
2:04pCharlie Gard, British baby at center of controversy, has died
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,810.25

+13.70
+0.06%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,374.71

-7.48
-0.12%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,470.28

-5.14
-0.21%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15





































































Kris Sennesael - Enphase Energy Insider Transactions | TipRanks   





Go ProLogin / Sign Up Follow✓Get Real Time TransactionsInsider DetailsKris SennesaelEnphase Energy (ENPH)VP and CFO Not RankedKris Sennesael's PerformanceKris Sennesael has not reported any informative transactions and therefore cannot be ranked.How are Insiders Ranked? Insider Holdings 100.0% Enphase Energy (ENPH)$380KSee the Top Stocks by Insiders > Insider RolesEnphase Energy (ENPH): VP and CFOSee the Top 25 Corporate Insiders > Most Profitable Insider TradeStock: Enphase Energy (ENPH)Transaction Type: Informative SellDates: Aug 19, 2015 - Aug 19, 2016Gain: +0.0%See the Latest Stocks Traded by Insiders > Kris Sennesael's Trading Historybased on Form 4 Follow✓Get Real Time TransactionsCompany NameInsider PositionHolding ValueLast TransactionLast Transaction  AmountLast Transaction DateENPHEnphase EnergyVP and CFO$379,573Informative Buy$197,000Feb 29, 2016SWKSSkyworks SolutionsSVP & Chief Financial Officer-See All Insider Trading from Today >You May Also LikeMeet our Smart Portfolio. See what top analysts say about your stocks.Get a breakdown of the different strategies based on detected insider trading activity.Find the best performing Analyst in each sector. Follow them so you never miss a recommendation.Related LinksHow can I benefit from Insider Trading? >See the Top 25 Corporate Insiders >Go to Hot Stocks by Insiders >Find which stocks Insiders traded today >Become a TipRanks MemberGet the best Investing Tips & Hacks straight to your emailFree MembershipSubmitInsider Trading Daily NewsletterProfessional day-trading strategy based on predictive insider transactionsAnnual Return: +85.42%Learn More >Powered by
























Skyworks Appoints Kris Sennesael Chief Financial OfficerHomeMailFlickrTumblrNewsSportsFinanceCelebrityAnswersGroupsMobileMoreTry Yahoo Finance on Firefox »YahooSearchSearchSign inU.S. Markets close in 1 hr 10 minsS&P 5002,470.27-5.15 (-0.21%)Dow 3021,810.42+13.87 (+0.06%)Nasdaq6,374.57-7.62 (-0.12%)Today's ChartsDon't get blindsided by Tesla's shiny new Model 3Skyworks Appoints Kris Sennesael Chief Financial OfficerBusiness WireAugust 29, 2016ReblogShareTweetShareIRVINE, Calif.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Skyworks Solutions, Inc. (SWKS) an innovator of high performance analog semiconductors connecting people, places and things, today announced that Kris Sennesael has joined Skyworks as senior vice president and chief financial officer. Sennesael, 47, most recently served as chief financial officer for Enphase Energy, a semiconductor-based energy solutions provider.Prior to Enphase, Sennesael was chief financial officer at Standard Microsystems, a designer of mixed signal connectivity solutions and, previously, he held increasingly responsible financial positions at ON, AMI Semiconductor and Alcatel Microelectronics. Sennesael holds bachelor’s and master’s degrees in economics from the University of Ghent, Belgium, as well as an MBA from the Vlerick Management School.“We are delighted to have Kris join Skyworks as we embark on our next key growth phase driven by ubiquitous mobile connectivity and the Internet of Things,” said Liam K. Griffin, president and chief executive officer of Skyworks. “His unique combination of financial expertise, operational acumen and industry knowledge will be valuable assets as we build upon our market leadership and take Skyworks to the next level of financial outperformance.”“I am excited to be joining Skyworks’ management team and enhancing the Company’s industry-leading financial returns,” said Sennesael. “Specifically, I look forward to driving further gross margin expansion, operational excellence and ultimately shareholder value.”Donald Palette, 59, who has been Skyworks’ chief financial officer since 2007, will serve in an advisory role for a transitional period. “We appreciate Don’s leadership and counsel over the last nine years, particularly as we reshaped our business, outpaced our competition, substantially improved our degree of profitability and strengthened our balance sheet. Skyworks has benefited from the strong financial foundation set by Don, and we wish him well in his retirement,” said Griffin.“It has been a privilege to serve Skyworks, and I am proud of our many accomplishments,” said Palette. “I am confident that the finance organization is in great hands with Kris, and we anticipate a seamless transition both internally and externally.”About SkyworksSkyworks Solutions, Inc. is empowering the wireless networking revolution. Our highly innovative analog semiconductors are connecting people, places and things spanning a number of new and previously unimagined applications within the automotive, broadband, cellular infrastructure, connected home, industrial, medical, military, smartphone, tablet and wearable markets.Skyworks is a global company with engineering, marketing, operations, sales, and service facilities located throughout Asia, Europe and North America. For more information, please visit Skyworks’ website at: www.skyworksinc.com.Safe Harbor StatementThis news release includes “forward-looking statements” intended to qualify for the safe harbor from liability established by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements include without limitation information relating to future results and expectations of Skyworks (e.g., certain projections and business trends). Forward-looking statements can often be identified by words such as “anticipates,” “expects,” “forecasts,” “intends,” “believes,” “plans,” “may,” “will,” or “continue,” and similar expressions and variations or negatives of these words. All such statements are subject to certain risks, uncertainties and other important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially and adversely from those projected, and may affect our future operating results, financial position and cash flows.These risks, uncertainties and other important factors include, but are not limited to: uncertainty regarding global economic and financial market conditions; the susceptibility of the semiconductor industry and the markets addressed by our, and our customers’, products to economic downturns; the timing, rescheduling or cancellation of significant customer orders and our ability, as well as the ability of our customers, to manage inventory; losses or curtailments of purchases or payments from key customers, or the timing of customer inventory adjustments; the availability and pricing of third-party semiconductor foundry, assembly and test capacity, raw materials and supplier components; changes in laws, regulations and/or policies that could adversely affect either (i) the economy and our customers’ demand for our products or (ii) the financial markets and our ability to raise capital; our ability to develop, manufacture and market innovative products in a highly price competitive and rapidly changing technological environment; economic, social, military and geo-political conditions in the countries in which we, our customers or our suppliers operate, including security and health risks, possible disruptions in transportation networks and fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates; fluctuations in our manufacturing yields due to our complex and specialized manufacturing processes; delays or disruptions in production due to equipment maintenance, repairs and/or upgrades; our reliance on several key customers for a large percentage of our sales; fluctuations in the manufacturing yields of our third-party semiconductor foundries and other problems or delays in the fabrication, assembly, testing or delivery of our products; our ability to timely and accurately predict market requirements and evolving industry standards, and to identify opportunities in new markets; uncertainties of litigation, including potential disputes over intellectual property infringement and rights, as well as payments related to the licensing and/or sale of such rights; our ability to rapidly develop new products and avoid product obsolescence; our ability to retain, recruit and hire key executives, technical personnel and other employees in the positions and numbers, with the experience and capabilities, and at the compensation levels needed to implement our business and product plans; lengthy product development cycles that impact the timing of new product introductions; unfavorable changes in product mix; the quality of our products and any remediation costs; shorter-than-expected product life cycles; problems or delays that we may face in shifting our products to smaller geometry process technologies and in achieving higher levels of design integration; and our ability to continue to grow and maintain an intellectual property portfolio and obtain needed licenses from third parties, as well as other risks and uncertainties, including, but not limited to, those detailed from time to time in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission.Read MoreThe forward-looking statements contained in this news release are made only as of the date hereof, and we undertake no obligation to update or revise the forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.Note to Editors: Skyworks and Skyworks Solutions are trademarks or registered trademarks of Skyworks Solutions, Inc. or its subsidiaries in the United States and in other countries. All other brands and names listed are trademarks of their respective companies.View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20160829005888/en/ReblogShareTweetShareRecently ViewedYour list is empty.What to Read NextWind Projects in Peril as Indian States Rethink PurchasesBloombergEngineer Finds Pattern; Makes Millions in StocksMoney MorningSponsoredAmazon Surpasses $500B Mark, Bezos Briefly Becomes the World’s Richest PersonInvestopediaSamsung ends Intel's 2-decade-plus reign in microchipsABC NewsMeg Whitman rules out becoming Uber CEO, reaffirms commitment to HPECNBCThis Will Be In Everyone's Household By 2020Banyan HillSponsoredMy next car is electrified, says Shell CEOAutoblogThe 'two pizza rule' is a secret to productive meetings that helped Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos become one of the world's richest menBusiness InsiderThe real reason overseas manufacturing is coming to AmericaYahoo FinanceDiscover it: 4.8 out of 5 avg. by 24K+ customersDiscover CardSponsoredTax cuts just got more likelyYahoo FinanceChevron and Exxon Mobil have a tough path ahead: NYSE traderYahoo Finance VideoFast food restaurants work face rising wage pressuresYahoo FinanceZuckerberg Wife's Ambitious Secret Finally ExposedUNewz.MeSponsoredTODAY'S CHARTS: Don't get blindsided by Tesla's shiny new Model 3Yahoo FinanceTrump’s unwitting legacy could be universal health coverageYahoo FinanceThe real reason overseas manufacturing is coming to AmericaEd B: How come we never heard about manufacturing jobs coming back to the US when Obama was President?  Especially since it's been happening for years, as this "journalist" states.Join the Conversation1 / 5295








