Sensus Healthcare 10-K Mar. 10, 2017 12:33 PM | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO»Sensus Healthcare (SRTS)FORM 10-K | Annual ReportMar. 10, 2017 12:33 PM|About: Sensus Healthcare (SRTS)View as PDF

 Sensus Healthcare, Inc. (Form: 10-K, Received: 03/10/2017 12:35:49) 










	 




	UNITED STATES




	SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION




	WASHINGTON, D.C.  20549



	 



	FORM 10-K



	 








	x






	ANNUAL
	REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 FOR THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2016






	  



	OR



	 








	¨






	TRANSITION
	REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 FOR THE TRANSITION PERIOD FROM ____________ TO ____________






	 



	Commission File Number: 001-37714




	Sensus Healthcare, Inc.



	(Exact name of registrant as specified in its
	charter)


	 








	Delaware




	 




	27-1647271







	(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization)



	 



	(I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)






	 






	851 Broken Sound Pkwy., NW #215, Boca Raton, Florida




	 




	33487







	(Address of principal executive office)



	 



	(Zip Code)





	 



	(561) 922-5808



	(Registrant’s telephone number, including
	area code)



	 




	Securities registered pursuant to Section
	12(b) of the Act:



	 





	Common Stock, par value $0.01 per share




	Nasdaq Stock Market, LLC






	Warrants to Purchase Common Stock (expiring June 2, 2019)




	Nasdaq Stock Market, LLC






	 




	Securities registered pursuant to Section
	12(g) of the Act: None



	Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned
	issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act.    Yes

	¨

	  No

	x



	 


	Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file
	reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15 (d) of the Act.    Yes

	¨

	  No

	x



	 



	Indicate
	by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
	Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports),
	and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.  Yes


	x


	  No


	¨



	 



	Indicate
	by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive
	Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (§232.405 of this chapter) during the
	preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes


	x


	No


	¨



	 



	Indicate
	by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will
	not be contained, to the best of Registrant’s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference
	in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K.    


	¨



	 


	Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated
	filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company.  See definitions of “large
	accelerated filer”, “accelerated filer”, and “smaller reporting company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange
	Act.


	 







	Large accelerated filer


	¨




	Accelerated filer


	¨




	Non-accelerated filer


	¨




	Smaller reporting company


	x





	 


	 



	(Do not check if smaller


	reporting company)



	 





	 



	Indicate
	by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes


	¨


	  No


	x



	 


	Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the registrant’s
	classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date.


	 





	Class



	 



	Outstanding at February 28, 2017






	Common Stock, $0.01 par value per share



	 



	13,527,168






	 




	DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE




	 





	Portions
	of our Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be held on June 5, 2017, are incorporated by reference in Part III.  


	 




	 





	 





	 




	SENSUS HEALTHCARE, INC.




	ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K




	TABLE OF CONTENTS



	 








	 


	 


	 



	PAGE






	PART I



	 


	 


	 


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 





	Item 1.



	 




	Business




	 



	4






	Item 1A.



	 




	Risk Factors




	 



	15






	Item 1B.



	 




	Unresolved Staff Comments




	 



	35






	Item 2.



	 




	Properties




	 



	35






	Item 3.



	 




	Legal Proceedings




	 



	35






	Item 4.



	 




	Mine Safety Disclosure 




	 



	35





	 


	 


	 


	 


	 






	PART II




	 


	 


	 


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 





	Item 5.



	 




	Market for the Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters, and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities




	 



	36






	Item 6.



	 




	Selected Financial Data




	 



	37






	Item 7.



	 




	Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations




	 



	37






	Item 7A.



	 




	Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosure About Market Risk




	 



	43






	Item 8.



	 




	Financial Statements and Supplementary Data




	 



	43






	Item 9.



	 




	Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure




	 



	61






	Item 9A.



	 




	Controls and Procedures




	 



	61






	Item 9B.



	 




	Other Information




	 



	61





	 


	 


	 


	 


	 






	PART III




	 


	 


	 


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 





	Item 10.



	 




	Directors, Executive Officers, and Corporate Governance




	 



	61






	Item 11.



	 




	Executive Compensation




	 



	61






	Item 12.



	 




	Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters




	 



	62






	Item 13.



	 




	Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence




	 



	62






	Item 14.



	 




	Principal Accountant Fees and Services




	 



	62





	 


	 


	 


	 


	 






	PART IV




	 


	 


	 


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 





	Item 15.



	 




	Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules




	 



	62






	Item 16



	 




	Form 10-K Summary




	 



	62







	Signatures




	 



	63





	 





	2

	 





	 





	 



	INTRODUCTORY NOTE



	Caution Concerning Forward-Looking Statements




	 



	This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains “forward-looking
	statements” within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements
	include, among others, statements about our beliefs, plans, objectives, goals, expectations, estimates and intentions that are
	subject to significant risks and uncertainties and are subject to change based on various factors, many of which are beyond our
	control. The words “may,” “could,” “should,” “would,” “will,” “believe,”
	“anticipate,” “estimate,” “expect,” “intend,” “plan,” “target,”
	“goal,” and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements.


	 


	All forward-looking statements, by their nature, are subject to
	risks and uncertainties. Our actual future results may differ materially from those set forth in our forward-looking statements.


	 


	In addition to those risks discussed in this Annual Report under

	Item 1A Risk Factors

	, factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking
	statements, include, without limitation:


	 







	§




	our ability to achieve and sustain profitability;










	§




	market acceptance of the SRT-100 product line;










	§




	our ability to successfully commercialize our products, including
	the SRT-100;










	§




	our ability to compete effectively in selling our products and services;










	§




	our ability to expand, manage and maintain our direct sales and marketing
	organizations;










	§




	our actual financial results may vary significantly from forecasts
	and from period to period;










	§




	our ability to successfully develop new products, improve or enhance
	existing products or acquire complementary products, technologies, services or businesses;










	§




	our ability to obtain and maintain intellectual property of sufficient
	scope to adequately protect our products, including the SRT-100, and our ability to avoid infringing or otherwise violating the
	intellectual property rights of third parties;










	§




	market risks regarding consolidation in the healthcare industry;










	§




	the willingness of healthcare providers to purchase our products if
	coverage, reimbursement and pricing from third party payors for procedures using our products significantly declines;










	§




	the level and availability of government and third party payor reimbursement
	for clinical procedures using our products;










	§




	our ability to effectively manage our anticipated growth;










	§




	the regulatory requirements applicable to us and our competitors;










	§




	changes in existing policies, or the implementation of new policies,
	related foreign trade;










	§




	our ability to manufacture our products to meet demand;










	§




	our reliance on third party manufacturers and sole- or single-source
	suppliers;










	§




	our ability to reduce the per unit manufacturing cost of the SRT-100;










	§




	our ability to efficiently manage our manufacturing processes;










	§




	the regulatory and legal risks, and certain operating risks, that
	our international operations subject us to;










	§




	the fact that product quality issues or product defects may harm our
	business;










	§




	any product liability claims;










	§




	the limited trading activity of our common stock; and










	§




	our ability to manage the risk of the foregoing.





	 


	However, other factors besides those listed in 

	Item 1A Risk
	Factors

	 or discussed in this Form 10-K also could adversely affect our results, and you should not consider any such list
	of factors to be a complete set of all potential risks or uncertainties. Any forward-looking statements made by us or on our behalf
	speak only as of the date they are made. We do not undertake to update any forward-looking statement, except as required by applicable
	law.


	 





	3

	 





	 




	 






	PART I.


	 










	Item 1.


	BUSINESS





	 



	Overview


	 


	Sensus Healthcare, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the
	“Company”), was formed on May 7, 2010, to design, manufacture and market proprietary medical devices specializing in
	the treatment of non-melanoma skin cancers and other skin conditions, such as keloids, with superficial radiation therapy. In June
	2010, Sensus Healthcare, LLC, a Florida limited liability company (“Sensus (FL)”) acquired all the assets associated
	with our primary product, the SRT-100, from Topex, Inc. for $1.3 million. Following this acquisition, we relaunched the SRT-100
	under the Sensus Healthcare brand. In December 2011, we merged with Sensus (FL), with the Delaware limited liability company surviving
	the merger for the purpose of changing our domicile from Florida to Delaware. On January 1, 2016, Sensus Healthcare, LLC converted
	into a Delaware corporation pursuant to a statutory conversion and we changed our name to Sensus Healthcare, Inc. As a result of
	the corporate conversion, all holders of units of Sensus Healthcare, LLC became holders of common stock of Sensus Healthcare, Inc.
	Holders of warrants and options to purchase units of Sensus Healthcare, LLC became holders of warrants and options to purchase
	common stock of Sensus Healthcare, Inc., respectively.


	 


	The SRT-100 is a photon x-ray low energy superficial radiotherapy
	system that provides patients an alternative to surgery for treating non-melanoma skin cancers, including basal cell and squamous
	cell skin cancers and other skin conditions such as keloids. The SRT-100 is especially effective in treating primary lesions that
	would otherwise be difficult or require extensive surgery involving sensitive areas of the head and neck regions, such as the fold
	in the nose, eyelids, lips, corner of the mouth, and the lining of the ear, that would otherwise lead to a less than desirable
	cosmetic outcome. Superficial radiation therapy treatment procedures do not require the use of anesthetics and eliminates the need
	for skin grafting. The SRT-100 provides healthcare providers and patients with a safe, virtually painless, and substantially non-scarring
	treatment option for non-melanoma skin cancer and other skin conditions, such as keloids. It allows dermatologists to retain non-melanoma
	skin cancer patients, rather than referring them to specialists, while offering radiation oncologists an alternative to costly
	linear accelerator–based treatments with a process that is less invasive, more time-efficient, and improves practice economics.
	Our revenue is primarily derived from sales of our SRT-100 product line.


	 


	Corporate Conversion




	 




	On January 1, 2016, we converted from a Florida limited liability
	company to a Delaware corporation. The purpose of the corporate conversion was to reorganize our corporate structure in advance
	of our initial public offering, or IPO, so that we would be a corporation rather than a limited liability company and so that our
	existing investors own our common stock rather than equity interests in a limited liability company. References elsewhere in this
	Annual Report on Form 10-K to our capitalization and other matters pertaining to our equity and shares prior to the corporate conversion
	relate to the capitalization and equity and shares of Sensus Healthcare, LLC, and after the corporate conversion, to Sensus Healthcare,
	Inc.


	 


	Initial Public Offering


	 


	On June 8, 2016, we completed an IPO of units consisting of one
	share of common stock and one warrant to purchase one share of common stock. In connection with the IPO, we issued 2,300,000 units
	of our common stock at a price of $5.50 per unit, including 300,000 units pursuant to the underwriters’ full exercise of
	their over-allotment option for an aggregate offering price of $12.65 million. The offer and sale of all of the securities in the
	IPO were registered under the Securities Act pursuant to a registration statement on Form S-1, as amended (File No. 333-209451),
	which was declared effective by the SEC on June 2, 2016. The registration statement registered an aggregate of 2,300,000 units,
	including 300,000 units to cover the over-allotment option. The offering commenced on June 2, 2016 and did not terminate before
	all of the units in the IPO that were registered in the registration statement were sold. Northland Securities, Inc. and Neidiger,
	Tucker, Bruner, Inc. acted as joint book-running managers for the offering.


	 





	4

	 





	 




	 


	We received total net proceeds from the IPO of approximately $10.5
	million after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions of approximately $0.9 million and other offering expenses of approximately
	$1.4 million.


	 


	Our Products and Services 




	 




	SRT-100 


	 


	We offer the SRT-100 product family, which we anticipate will be
	complemented by additional models and options in the future. Our technology is based on several key needs and requirements, including
	the need for a dedicated and cost-effective device for the treatment of skin cancer, keloids, and other skin conditions. The SRT-100
	provides the following clinical and functional advantages:


	 







	§




	Easy touch automatic set-up procedure , including automatic x-ray
	tube warm-up procedures;










	§




	Specially designed control console for medical physicists and service
	technicians providing integrated safety and back-up timer controls, automatic system conditioning procedures, calibration, x-ray
	output verification and system parameters including last treatment status information;










	§




	Advanced patient record management with integrated enterprise workflow
	management;










	§




	Compact mobile design with a small 30” x 30” footprint
	and unique scissor x-ray tube arm movements providing a large range of motion for patient access and treatment; and










	§




	High reliability and MTBF (mean time between maintenance) performance
	that assure availability for the patients and practitioners and lower the total cost of ownership.





	 


	SRT-100 Vision 


	 


	The SRT-100 Vision provides customers with additional options compared
	to the SRT-100 base model. These additional options allow for dedicated treatment planning and full treatment progression documentation
	in a patient’s record. The SRT-100 Vision provides the user with a unique superficial radiation therapy-tailored treatment
	planning application that integrates the embedded high frequency ultrasound imaging module, volumetric tumor analysis, beam margins
	planning, and comprehensive dosimetry parameters. This allows the user to precisely and more accurately plan and prescribe the
	patient-specific treatment course to maximize patient outcomes and workflow efficiency. The SRT-100 Vision also offers a comprehensive
	control console and workflow management control console that provides full record and verify treatment tracing, operator-level
	access and functional control, audio-visual patient and treated lesion monitoring, and advanced dosimetry setting and tracing.


	 


	Sentinel service program 


	 


	We offer the Sentinel service program, which provides our customers
	comprehensive protection for their SRT-100 and SRT-100 Vision systems at an annual price of approximately 10% of the system’s
	list price. The Sentinel program covers all parts and labor for the period of the contract and one annual preventive maintenance
	session that includes cooling system maintenance, high voltage loop maintenance, filters and system cleaning, and system touch-ups,
	should they be required during the preventative maintenance session.


	 


	Through our Sentinel service program, we also provide turn-key pre-and
	post-sale services that include the following:


	 







	§




	Providing a pre-install kit for the contractors to prepare the treatment
	room;










	§




	Room retrofit and shielding;










	§




	System shipping coordination and installation;










	§




	System commissioning by a medical physicist (through a national physics
	network);










	§




	System registration with the state and daily workflow documentation
	preparation;










	§




	Clinical applications training with the customer’s superficial
	radiation therapy staff; and










	§




	Treating the first scheduled patients with our customers (onsite applications
	training).





	 





	5

	 





	 




	 


	Consumables 


	 


	We sell disposable lead shielding replacements, disposable radiation
	safety items, such as aprons, and eye shields, and disposable applicator tips, which are used to treat various sized lesions and
	different areas of the body.


	 


	Competition 


	 


	The medical device industry is highly competitive, subject to rapid
	technological change and significantly affected by new product introductions and market activities of other participants. Our currently
	marketed products, and any future products we commercialize, will compete against healthcare providers who use traditional surgical
	treatment options, such as Mohs surgery, as well as medical device companies that offer other treatment options for the conditions
	our products are designed to treat. As of December 31, 2016, we have three primary medical device company competitors:


	 







	§




	Xstrahl Medical (formerly Gulmay, headquartered in the United Kingdom)










	§




	Xoft (a subsidiary of iCad, headquartered in New Hampshire)










	§




	Elekta (headquartered in Georgia)





	 


	Xstrahl Medical is an engineering company focused on industrial
	and research x-ray therapy devices. We believe most of Xstrahl Medical’s installed base is comprised of legacy orthovoltage
	machines made up of higher energy devices located in Europe.


	 


	Both Xoft and Elekta offer products that are considered Electronic
	Brachytherapy (“eBx”) devices. Due to this classification, both companies may face challenges in the U.S. and certain
	other international markets where laws and regulations require that a radiation oncologist, medical physicist, or radiation therapist
	be involved with every treatment. Additionally, the CPT® Editorial Panel has established two new treatment delivery codes for
	eBx for 2016, including a specific skin code. Based on typical treatment practices, it appears that both eBx products also have
	limited capabilities as to size of lesions that can be treated and require expensive consumables. Furthermore, eBx products have
	very limited clinical studies.


	 


	Many of our current and potential competitors have significantly
	greater financial, technical, marketing and other resources than we do and may be able to devote greater resources to the development,
	promotion, sale and support of their products. Our competitors may also have more extensive customer bases and broader customer
	relationships than we do, including relationships with our potential customers. In addition, many of these companies and healthcare
	providers have longer operating histories and greater brand recognition than we do. Because of the size of the skin cancer treatment
	market and the high growth profile of the segments in which we compete, we anticipate that companies will dedicate significant
	resources to developing competing products. Additionally, we may also face competition from smaller companies that have developed
	or are developing similar technologies for our addressable markets. We believe that the principal competitive factors in our markets
	include:


	 







	§




	improved outcomes for medical conditions;










	§




	acceptance by doctors treating non-melanoma skin cancer and keloids;










	§




	potential greater acceptance by the patient community;










	§




	potential greater ease of use and reliability;










	§




	product price and qualification for reimbursement;










	§




	technical leadership and superiority;










	§




	effective marketing and distribution; and










	§




	speed to market.





	 


	We may be unable to compete effectively against our competitors
	in regard to any one or all of these factors. Our ability to compete effectively will depend on the acceptance of our products
	by dermatologists, radiation oncologists, hospitals and patients, and our ability to achieve better clinical outcomes than products
	developed by our existing or future competitors. In addition, certain of our competitors could use their superior financial resources
	to develop products that have features or clinical outcomes similar or superior to our products, which would harm our ability to
	successfully compete.


	 





	6

	 





	 




	 


	Sales and Marketing 



	 



	We focus on two primary markets, private dermatology practices and
	radiation oncologists in both private and hospital settings. We currently employ a multi-tier sales strategy in an attempt to optimize
	geographic coverage and focus on what we perceive to be our key markets. This multi-tier sales model uses a direct sales force
	(currently 18 people), as well as international dealers and distributors.


	 


	Our dermatology market sales are directed by Stephen Cohen, our
	Executive Vice President, Strategic Initiatives and Dermatology, capitalizing on his prior experience in executive capacities at
	Technicare (now Johnson & Johnson), Diasonics, and Xoft. Our direct sales force for radiation oncology is led by Richard Golin,
	our Executive Vice President of Sales, Oncology and Dermatology, who has prior experience in sales at Toshiba Medical Systems,
	Siemens, and Hologic. We plan to continue selling and marketing our products to both the dermatology and radiation oncology markets
	concurrently.


	 


	Dermatology Market 



	 



	Private dermatology practices in the U.S. represent the point of
	entry for most non-melanoma skin cancer patients. We believe the SRT-100 offers dermatologists a competitive advantage by allowing
	them to retain patients for the treatment of non-melanoma skin cancer, rather than referring them out to specialists for Mohs surgery
	or other radiation procedures. In addition to non-melanoma skin cancers, our FDA-approved indications include, among others, keloids,
	Kaposi’s Sarcoma, Actinic Keratosis, Metatypic Carcinoma, Cutaneous Appendage Carcinoma and other malignant skin tumors.
	We are continuing to drive our research and development to expand our indications into new areas of treatment.


	 


	Radiation Oncology Market 




	 




	For licensed radiation oncologists in the U.S., we believe the SRT-100
	offers a simpler, faster method of treatment with a better overall patient experience. Our SRT-100 system offers the ability to
	free up more expensive radiation equipment, such as linear accelerators, for more complex procedures while providing patients with
	effective, non-invasive treatment options for non-melanoma skin cancer.


	 


	Other Markets 


	 


	As of December 31, 2016, we also believe that both plastic and general
	surgery markets present growth opportunities for our product offerings. With FDA clearance to treat keloids through superficial
	radiation therapy, many plastic surgeons are recognizing the opportunity to be able to provide an effective treatment solution
	for this benign tumor. Additionally, we believe that plastic surgeons view the non-melanoma skin cancer market as a growth opportunity
	that can supplement their existing services. We believe there is an opportunity to also provide superficial radiation therapy in
	a prophylactic manner for various surgical procedures to reduce the formation of keloids. Within the new healthcare reform environment,
	superficial radiation therapy can provide hospitals and surgery centers with a direct measurable impact on clinical outcomes for
	certain procedures, including joint replacement procedures, bypass surgery, and OBGYN/C-section procedures, among others.


	 


	Global Focus


	 


	As of December 31, 2016, we have an installed base of over 270 units
	in 17 countries. Our customer list includes leading cancer centers, dermatology practices, hospitals and plastic surgery clinics,
	which we believe further validates our targeted marketing approach led by our direct sales teams and our global distribution partners.


	 


	Manufacturing and Supply 



	 



	We currently use a third party located in the U.S. to manufacture
	our products. In July 2010, we entered into a manufacturing agreement with RbM Services, LLC (“RbM”) pursuant to which
	RbM agreed to manufacture our SRT-100 products based on an annual 12-month sales forecast and rolling six-month sales forecast.
	We pay a fixed price per unit under the terms of this agreement, subject to annual adjustments due to changes in the costs of materials.
	The initial term of this agreement was three years with successive one-year renewals thereafter. We continue to do business with
	RbM, although we or RbM may terminate the agreement with 90 days’ written notice or upon at least 60 days’ notice prior
	to the end of each additional one-year renewal period. We believe our third party manufacturer meets FDA, International Organization
	for Standardization, or ISO, and other quality standards. We maintain internal policies, procedures and supplier management processes
	to ensure that our third party manufacturer is meeting applicable quality standards. To date, we have not experienced any difficulty
	in locating and obtaining the materials necessary to meet demand for our products, and we believe manufacturing capacity is sufficient
	to meet global market demand for our products for the foreseeable future.


	 





	7

	 





	 




	 


	We believe this third party manufacturing relationship initially
	allowed us to work with a supplier that has well-developed specific competencies while minimizing our capital investment, controlling
	costs and shortening cycle times, all of which we believe allowed us to compete with our competitors. However, we are exploring
	the possibility of reducing our reliance on third party manufacturers by bringing certain manufacturing functions in-house, which
	could include the acquisition of equipment and other fixed assets or the acquisition or lease of a manufacturing facility.


	 


	We have a single preferred supplier for the x-ray tubes used in
	our products. We believe our preferred supplier has a superior product; however, we believe that the products of alternate suppliers
	would be adequate for our products. We do not have a contractual relationship with our preferred supplier; however, we do not anticipate
	any material disruptions to our supply of x-ray tubes. Adequate x-ray tubes are readily accessible from alternate suppliers.


	 


	Intellectual Property


	 


	We actively seek to protect the intellectual property we believe
	is important to our business, including seeking and maintaining patents that cover our products. We also rely on trademarks to
	build and maintain the integrity of our brand. 


	 


	We own two issued U.S. patents, which expire in 2025. Our patents
	pertain to technology in the specialized field of superficial radiotherapy treatment. The following patents were issued between
	August 2007 and September 2008 and were assigned to us when we acquired the technology from Topex. 


	 







	§




	U.S. Patent No. 7,372,940: Radiation therapy system with risk mitigation










	§




	U.S. Patent No. 7,263,170: Radiation therapy system featuring rotatable
	filter assembly





	 


	The following patent application is pending in the U.S., China and
	Russia and was submitted in 2013


	 







	§




	U.S. Patent Application No. 13/740,181: Hybrid Ultrasound-Guided Superficial
	Radiotherapy System and Method (published as U.S. Patent Application No. 2013/0217947 A1)





	 


	Three provisional patent applications are pending and additional
	provisional patent applications are in process.


	 


	As of December 31, 2016, we also owned three U.S. trademark registrations
	and other trademark applications are pending.


	 


	We also rely on trade secrets and other unpatented proprietary rights
	to develop and maintain our competitive position. We seek to protect our unpatented proprietary rights through a variety of methods,
	including confidentiality agreements with employees, consultants and others who may have access to our proprietary information.
	We also require our employees to execute invention assignment agreements with respect to inventions arising from their employment.


	 





	8

	 





	 




	 


	We acquired the photon x-ray low energy or superficial x-ray therapy
	system, dubbed the SRT-100 and developed a next generation system — the SRT-100 Vision, which are each designed specifically
	to treat skin cancer and keloids as an alternative to surgery. Since first introduced in May 2007 by Topex, over 200,000 patients
	have been successfully treated with the SRT-100 system. The treatment of keloids has now begun at several sites throughout the
	world, including the U.S. and China. We are in the process of authoring and preparing additional forward-looking patents.


	 


	No patents or trademarks may ever be issued or be registered from
	our pending or future applications for such intellectual property. Even if such patents or trademarks are respectively issued or
	registered, they, or any of our other intellectual property, may not provide us with any meaningful protection or competitive advantage.
	Our intellectual property could be challenged, invalidated, circumvented, infringed or misappropriated. In addition, third parties
	have claimed, and in the future may claim, that we, our customers, licensees or other parties indemnified by us are infringing
	upon their intellectual property rights.


	 


	Government Regulation



	 



	Our business is subject to extensive federal, state, local
	and foreign laws and regulations including those relating to the protection of the environment, health and safety. Some of
	the pertinent laws have not been definitively interpreted by the regulatory authorities or the courts, and their provisions
	are open to a variety of subjective interpretations. In addition, these laws and their interpretations are subject to change
	or new laws may be enacted. Both federal and state governmental agencies continue to subject the healthcare industry to
	intense regulatory scrutiny, including heightened civil and criminal enforcement efforts. We believe that we have structured
	our business operations and relationships with our customers to comply with all applicable legal requirements. However, it is
	possible that governmental entities or other third parties could interpret these laws differently and assert otherwise. We
	discuss below the statutes and regulations that are most relevant to our business. For the years ended December 31, 2016 and
	2015, we incurred approximately $697,000 and $330,000, respectively, in expenses related to regulatory compliance and quality
	standards.


	 


	U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) Regulation of
	Medical Devices 




	 




	The Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act, or FDCA, and FDA regulations
	establish a comprehensive system for the regulation of medical devices intended for human use. Our products include medical devices
	that are subject to these, as well as other federal, state, and local laws and regulations. FDA is responsible for the overall
	enforcement of quality, regulatory and statutory requirements governing medical devices. Our regulated medical devices include
	our SRT-100 product line.


	 


	FDA classifies medical devices into one of three classes —
	Class I, Class II, or Class III — depending on their level of risk and the types of controls that are necessary to assure
	device safety and effectiveness. The class assignment determines the type of premarketing submission or application, if any, that
	will be required before marketing in the U.S. Our devices are Class II devices under the FDA’s classification system.


	 







	§




	Class I devices present a low risk and are not life-sustaining or
	life-supporting. The majority of Class I devices are subject only to “general controls” — e.g., prohibition against
	adulteration and misbranding, registration and listing, good manufacturing practices, labeling, and adverse event reporting. General
	controls are baseline requirements that apply to all classes of medical devices.





	 







	§




	Class II devices present a moderate risk and are devices for which
	general controls alone are not sufficient to provide a reasonable assurance of safety and effectiveness. Devices in Class II are
	subject to both general controls and “special controls” — e.g., special labeling, compliance with industry standards,
	and postmarket surveillance. Unless exempted, Class II devices typically require FDA clearance before marketing, through the premarket
	notification (510(k)) process, in accordance with 21 CFR, Part 807 requirements.





	 





	9

	 





	 




	 







	§




	Class III devices present the highest risk. These devices generally
	are life-sustaining, life-supporting, or for a use that is of substantial importance in preventing impairment of human health,
	or present a potential unreasonable risk of illness or injury. Class III devices are devices for which general controls, by themselves,
	are insufficient and for which there is insufficient information to establish special controls to provide a reasonable assurance
	of safety and effectiveness. Class III devices are subject to general controls and typically require approval of a premarket approval
	application, or PMA in accordance with 21 CFR, Part 814, before marketing.





	 


	Unless it is exempt from premarket review requirements, a medical
	device must receive marketing authorization from the FDA prior to being commercially distributed in the U.S. The most common pathways
	for obtaining marketing authorization are 510(k) clearance and PMA. With the enactment of the Food and Drug Administration Safety
	and Innovation Act, or the FDASIA, the availability of a 

	de novo

	 pathway was facilitated for certain low- to moderate-risk
	devices that do not qualify for the 510(k) pathway due to the absence of a predicate device.



	 




	510(k) pathway 



	 


	As of December 31, 2016, all of our products are subject to the
	510(k) requirement or are exempt from the 510(k) requirement. The 510(k) review process compares a new device to a legally marketed
	device. Through the 510(k) process, FDA determines whether a new medical device is “substantially equivalent” to a
	legally marketed device (i.e., predicate device) that is not subject to PMA requirements. “Substantial equivalence”
	means that the proposed device: (a) has the same intended use as the predicate device; (b) the same or similar technological characteristics;
	(c) the information submitted in the 510(k) demonstrates that the proposed device is as safe and effective as the predicate device;
	and (d) the proposed device does not raise different questions of safety and effectiveness than the predicate device.


	 


	To obtain 510(k) clearance, we must submit a 510(k) application
	containing sufficient information and data to demonstrate that our proposed device is substantially equivalent to a legally marketed
	predicate device. This data generally includes non-clinical performance testing (e.g., software validation, bench testing electrical
	safety testing), but may also include clinical data. Typically, it takes approximately four months for FDA to complete its review
	of a 510(k) submission; however, it can take significantly longer and clearance is never assured. During its review of a 510(k),
	FDA may request additional information, including clinical data, which may significantly prolong the review process. After completing
	its review of a 510(k), FDA may issue an order, in the form of a letter, that finds the device to be either (1) substantially equivalent
	and states that the device can be marketed in the U.S., or (2) not substantially equivalent and states that device cannot be marketed
	in the U.S. Depending upon the reasons for the not substantially equivalent finding, the device may need to be approved through
	the PMA pathway (discussed below) prior to commercialization. A new medical device for which there is no substantially equivalent
	device is automatically designated a Class III device. Depending on the nature of the new device, the manufacturer may ask the
	FDA to make a risk-based determination of the new device and reclassify it in Class I or Class II. This process is referred to
	as the 

	de novo 

	process. If the FDA agrees, the new device will be reassigned to the appropriate other class. If
	the FDA does not agree, the manufacturer will have to submit a PMA. We have received FDA clearances for our SRT-100 and SRT-100
	Vision.


	 


	After a device receives 510(k) clearance, any modification that
	could significantly affect the safety or effectiveness of the device, or that would constitute a major change in its intended use,
	including significant modifications to any of our products, requires submission and clearance of a new 510(k). FDA relies on each
	manufacturer to make and document this determination initially, but FDA can review any such decision and can disagree with a manufacturer’s
	determination. We have made and plan to continue to make minor product enhancements that we believe do not require new 510(k) clearances.
	However, we expect to confer with FDA on planned changes that may require a special, abbreviated or traditional 510(k) submission.
	If FDA disagrees with our determination regarding whether a new 510(k) clearance was required for these modifications, we may need
	to cease marketing or recall the modified device. FDA may also subject us to other enforcement actions, including, but not limited
	to, issuing a warning letter or untitled letter to us, seizing our products, imposing civil penalties, or initiating criminal prosecution.



	 






	10

	 





	 





	 




	Premarket approval pathway 



	 


	As of December 31, 2016, we do not market any devices that are subject
	to PMA requirements. Unlike the comparative standard of the 510(k) pathway, the PMA approval process requires an independent demonstration
	of the safety and effectiveness of a device. PMA is the most stringent type of device marketing application required by FDA. PMA
	approval is based on a determination by FDA that the PMA contains sufficient valid scientific evidence to assure that the device
	is safe and effective for its intended use(s). A PMA application generally includes extensive information about the device including
	the results of clinical testing conducted on the device and a detailed description of the manufacturing process.


	 


	After a PMA application is accepted for review, FDA begins an in-depth
	review of the submitted information. FDA regulations provide 180 days to review the PMA and make a determination; however, in reality,
	the review time is normally longer (e.g., 1 – 3 years). During this review period, FDA may request additional information
	or clarification of information already provided. Also during the review period, an advisory panel of experts from outside FDA
	may be convened to review and evaluate the data supporting the application and provide recommendations to FDA as to whether the
	data provide a reasonable assurance that the device is safe and effective for its intended use. In addition, FDA generally will
	conduct a preapproval inspection of the manufacturing facility to ensure compliance with the Quality System Regulation, or QSR,
	which imposes comprehensive development, testing, control, documentation and other quality assurance requirements for the design
	and manufacturing of a medical device.


	 


	Based on its review, FDA may (1) issue an order approving the PMA,
	(2) issue a letter stating the PMA is “approvable” (e.g., minor additional information is needed), (3) issue a letter
	stating the PMA is “not approvable,” or (4) issue an order denying PMA. A company may not market a device subject to
	PMA review until FDA issues an order approving the PMA. As part of a PMA approval, FDA may impose post-approval conditions intended
	to ensure the continued safety and effectiveness of the device including, among other things, restrictions on labeling, promotion,
	sale and distribution, and requiring the collection of additional clinical data. Failure to comply with the conditions of approval
	can result in materially adverse enforcement action, including withdrawal of the approval.


	Most modifications to a PMA approved device, including changes to
	the design, labeling, or manufacturing process, require prior approval before being implemented. Prior approval is obtained through
	submission of a PMA supplement. The type of information required to support a PMA supplement and FDA’s time for review of
	a PMA supplement vary depending on the nature of the modification.



	 




	Clinical trials 



	 


	Clinical trials of medical devices in the U.S. are governed by FDA’s
	Investigational Device Exemption regulation, in accordance with 21 CFR, Part 812. This regulation places significant responsibility
	on the sponsor of the clinical study including, but not limited to, choosing qualified investigators, monitoring the trial, submitting
	required reports, maintaining required records, and assuring investigators obtain informed consent, comply with the study protocol,
	control the disposition of the investigational device, submit required reports, etc.


	 


	Clinical trials of significant risk devices (e.g., implants, devices
	used in supporting or sustaining human life, devices of substantial importance in diagnosing, curing, mitigating or treating disease
	or otherwise preventing impairment of human health) require FDA and Institutional Review Board approval prior to starting the trial.
	FDA approval is obtained through submission of an Investigational Device Exemption application. Clinical trials of non-significant
	risk devices (i.e. devices that do not meet the regulatory definition of a significant risk device) only require Institutional
	Review Board approval before starting. The clinical trial sponsor is responsible for making the initial determination of whether
	a clinical study is significant risk or non-significant risk; however, a reviewing Institutional Review Board or the FDA may review
	this decision and disagree with the determination.


	 


	An Investigational Device Exemption application must be supported
	by appropriate data, such as performance data, animal and laboratory testing results, showing that it is safe to evaluate the device
	in humans and that the clinical study protocol is scientifically sound. There is no assurance that submission of an Investigational
	Device Exemption will result in the ability to commence clinical trials. Additionally, after a trial begins, FDA may place it on
	hold or terminate it if, among other reasons, it concludes that the clinical subjects are exposed to an unacceptable health risk.


	As noted above, FDA may require a company to collect clinical data
	on a device in the postmarket setting. The collection of such data may be required as a condition of PMA approval. FDA also has
	the authority to order, via a letter, a postmarket surveillance study, in accordance with 21 CFR, Part 822, for certain devices
	at any time after they have been cleared or approved. We do not expect to launch clinical trials subject to the Investigational
	Device Exemption regulations for future products. Also, our products are not currently subject to any required postmarket


	surveillance studies.



	 






	11

	 





	 





	 




	Pervasive and continuing FDA regulation 



	 


	After a device is entered into commerce in the U.S., regardless
	of its classification or premarket pathway, numerous additional FDA requirements generally apply. These include:


	 







	§




	Establishment registration and device listing requirements, in accordance
	with 21 CFR, Part 807;










	§




	Quality System Regulation requirements, which govern the methods used
	in, and the facilities and controls used for, the design, manufacture, packaging, labeling, storage, installation, and servicing
	of finished devices, in accordance with 21 CFR, Part 820;










	§




	Labeling requirements, which mandate the inclusion of certain content
	in device labels and labeling, and which also prohibit the promotion of products for uncleared or unapproved, i.e., “off-label,”
	uses;










	§




	Medical Device Reporting regulation, which requires that manufacturers
	and importers report to FDA if their device may have caused or contributed to a death or serious injury or malfunctioned in a way
	that would likely cause or contribute to a death or serious injury if it were to recur, in accordance with 21 CFR, Part 803; and










	§




	Reports of Corrections and Removals regulation, which requires that
	manufacturers and importers report to FDA recalls (i.e., corrections or removals) if undertaken to reduce a risk to health posed
	by the device or to remedy a violation of the FDCA that may present a risk to health; manufacturers and importers must keep records
	of recalls that they determine to be not reportable, in accordance with 21 CFR, Part 806.





	 


	FDA enforces these requirements by inspection and market surveillance.
	Failure to comply with applicable regulatory requirements can result in enforcement action by FDA, which may include, but is not
	limited to, the following sanctions:


	 







	§




	Issuance of Form 483 observations during a facilities inspection;










	§




	Untitled letters or warning letters;










	§




	Fines, injunctions and civil penalties;










	§




	Consent Decree, which forces improvements in the quality management
	system through the use of the federal courts;










	§




	Recall or seizure of our products;










	§




	Operating restrictions, partial suspension or total shutdown of production;










	§




	Refusing our request for 510(k) clearance or premarket approval of
	new products;










	§




	Withdrawing 510(k) clearance or premarket approvals that are already
	granted; and










	§




	Criminal prosecution.





	 


	We are subject to unannounced establishment inspections by FDA,
	as well as other regulatory agencies overseeing the implementation of and compliance with applicable state public health regulations.
	These inspections may include our suppliers’ facilities.


	 


	International 


	 


	International sales of medical devices are subject to foreign government
	regulations, which vary substantially from country to country. In order to market our products in other countries, we must obtain
	regulatory approvals and comply with extensive safety and quality regulations in other countries. The time required to obtain approval
	by a foreign country may be longer or shorter than that required for FDA clearance or approval, and the requirements may differ.
	The European Union/European Economic Area, or EU/EEA, requires a CE conformity mark in order to market medical devices. Many other
	countries, such as Australia, India, New Zealand, Pakistan and Sri Lanka, accept CE or FDA clearance or approval, although others,
	such as China, Brazil, Canada and Japan require separate regulatory filings.


	 





	12

	 





	 




	 


	In the EEA, our devices are required to comply with the essential
	requirements of the EU Medical Devices Directive (93/42/EEC). Compliance with these requirements entitles us to affix the CE marking
	of conformity to our medical devices, without which they cannot be commercialized in the EEA. To demonstrate compliance with the
	essential requirements and obtain the right to affix the CE marking of conformity we must undergo a conformity assessment procedure,
	which varies according to the type of medical device and its classification. Except for low risk medical devices (Class I), where
	the manufacturer can issue an EC Declaration of Conformity based on a self-assessment of the conformity of its products with the
	essential requirements of the Medical Devices Directive, a conformity assessment procedure requires the intervention of a Notified
	Body, which is an organization accredited by a Member State of the EEA to conduct conformity assessments. The Notified Body would
	typically audit and examine the quality system for the manufacture, design and final inspection of our devices before issuing a
	certification demonstrating compliance with the essential requirements. Based on this certification we can draw up an EC Declaration
	of Conformity which allows us to affix the CE mark to our products.


	 


	Further, the advertising and promotion of our products in the EEA
	is subject to the laws of individual EEA Member States implementing the EU Medical Devices Directive, Directive 2006/114/EC concerning
	misleading and comparative advertising, and Directive 2005/29/EC on unfair commercial practices, as well as other EEA Member State
	laws governing the advertising and promotion of medical devices. These laws may limit or restrict the advertising and promotion
	of our products to the general public and may impose limitations on our promotional activities with healthcare professionals.


	 


	We have obtained approval to sell our products in Europe, China,
	Israel and Russia and we are seeking approval in several other counties.


	 


	Sales and Marketing Commercial Compliance 


	 


	Federal anti-kickback laws and regulations prohibit, among other
	things, persons from knowingly and willfully soliciting, receiving, offering or paying remuneration, directly or indirectly, in
	exchange for, or to induce either the referral of an individual, or the purchase, order or recommendation of, any good or service
	paid for under federal healthcare programs such as the Medicare and Medicaid programs. Possible sanctions for violation of these
	anti-kickback laws include monetary fines, civil and criminal penalties, exclusion from Medicare and Medicaid programs and forfeiture
	of amounts collected in violation of such prohibitions.


	 


	In addition, federal false claims laws prohibit any person from
	knowingly presenting, or causing to be presented, a false claim for payment to the federal government, or knowingly making, or
	causing to be made, a false statement to get a false claim paid. Off-label promotion has been pursued as a violation of the federal
	false claims laws. Pursuant to FDA regulations, we can only market our products for cleared or approved uses. Although surgeons
	are permitted to use medical devices for indications other than those cleared or approved by FDA based on their medical judgment,
	we are prohibited from promoting products for such off-label uses. Additionally, the majority of states in which we market our
	products have similar anti-kickback, false claims, anti-fee splitting and self-referral laws, which may apply to items or services
	reimbursed by any third party payor, including commercial insurers, and violations may result in substantial civil and criminal
	penalties.


	 


	To enforce compliance with the federal laws, the U.S. Department
	of Justice, or DOJ, has increased its scrutiny of interactions between healthcare companies and healthcare providers which has
	led to an unprecedented level of investigations, prosecutions, convictions and settlements in the healthcare industry. Dealing
	with investigations can be time- and resource-consuming. Additionally, if a healthcare company settles an investigation with the
	DOJ or other law enforcement agencies, the company may be required to agree to additional compliance and reporting requirements
	as part of a consent decree or corporate integrity agreement.


	 


	The U.S. and foreign government regulators have increased regulation,
	enforcement, inspections and governmental investigations of the medical device industry, including increased U.S. government oversight
	and enforcement of the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act. Whenever a governmental authority concludes that we are not in compliance
	with applicable laws or regulations, that authority can impose fines, delay or suspend regulatory clearances, institute proceedings
	to detain or seize our products, issue a recall, impose operating restrictions, enjoin future violations and assess civil penalties
	against us or our officers or employees and can recommend criminal prosecution. Moreover, governmental authorities can ban or request
	the recall, repair, replacement or refund of the cost of devices we distribute.


	 





	13

	 





	 




	 


	Additionally, the commercial compliance environment is continually
	evolving in the healthcare industry as some states, including California, Massachusetts and Vermont, mandate implementation of
	corporate compliance programs, along with the tracking and reporting of gifts, compensation and other remuneration to physicians.
	The Affordable Care Act also imposes reporting and disclosure requirements on device manufacturers for any “transfer of value”
	made or distributed to prescribers and other healthcare providers. Device manufacturers are also required to report and disclose
	any investment interests held by physicians and their family members during the preceding calendar year. Failure to submit required
	information may result in civil monetary penalties of up to an aggregate of $150,000 per year (and up to an aggregate of $1 million
	per year for “knowing failures”), for all payments, transfers of value or ownership or investment interests not reported
	in an annual submission. The shifting compliance environment and the need to build and maintain robust and expandable systems to
	comply in multiple jurisdictions with different compliance or reporting requirements increases the possibility that a healthcare
	company may run afoul of one or more of the requirements.




	 




	Healthcare Fraud and Abuse 


	 


	Healthcare fraud and abuse laws apply to our business when a
	customer submits a claim for an item or service that is reimbursed under Medicare, Medicaid or most other federally funded
	healthcare programs. The federal Anti-Kickback Statute prohibits unlawful inducements for the referral of business
	reimbursable under federally funded healthcare programs, such as remuneration provided to physicians to induce them to use
	certain tissue products or medical devices reimbursable by Medicare or Medicaid. The Anti-Kickback Statute is subject to
	evolving interpretations. For example, the government has enforced the Anti-Kickback Statute to reach large settlements with
	healthcare companies based on sham consultant arrangements with physicians. The majority of states also have anti-kickback
	laws which establish similar prohibitions that may apply to items or services reimbursed by any third party payor, including
	commercial insurers. Further, recently enacted amendments to the Affordable Care Act, among other things, amend the intent
	requirement of the federal anti-kickback and criminal healthcare fraud statutes. A person or entity no longer needs to have
	actual knowledge of this statute or specific intent to violate it. In addition, the Affordable Care Act provides that the
	government may assert that a claim including items or services resulting from a violation of the federal anti-kickback
	statute constitutes a false or fraudulent claim for purposes of the false claims statutes. If a governmental authority were
	to conclude that we are not in compliance with applicable laws and regulations, we and our officers and employees could be
	subject to severe criminal and civil penalties including, for example, exclusion from participation as a supplier of product
	to beneficiaries covered by Medicare or Medicaid. In addition to the Anti-Kickback Statute, the federal physician
	self-referral statute, commonly known as the Stark Law, prohibits physicians who have a financial relationship with an
	entity, including an investment, ownership or compensation relationship, from referring Medicare patients for designated
	health services, which include clinical pathology services, unless an exception applies. Similarly, entities may not bill
	Medicare or any other party for services furnished pursuant to a prohibited referral. Many states have their own
	self-referral laws as well, which in some cases apply to all third party payors, not just Medicare and Medicaid. If a
	governmental authority were to conclude that we are not in compliance with the Stark Law or state self-referral laws and
	regulations, our pathology laboratory business could be subject to severe financial consequences, including the obligation to
	refund amounts billed to third party payors in violation of such laws, civil penalties and potentially also exclusion from
	participation in government healthcare programs like Medicare and Medicaid. The Stark Law often is enforced through lawsuits
	brought under the Federal False Claims Act, violations of which trigger significant monetary penalties and treble
	damages.


	 


	Additionally, the civil False Claims Act prohibits knowingly presenting
	or causing the presentation of a false, fictitious or fraudulent claim for payment to the U.S. government. Actions under the False
	Claims Act may be brought by the Attorney General or as a qui tam action by a private individual in the name of the government.
	Violations of the False Claims Act can result in very significant monetary penalties and treble damages. The federal government
	is using the False Claims Act, and the accompanying threat of significant liability, in its investigations of healthcare providers
	and suppliers throughout the country for a wide variety of Medicare billing practices, and has obtained multi-million and multi-billion
	dollar settlements in addition to individual criminal convictions. Given the significant size of actual and potential settlements,
	it is expected that the government will continue to devote substantial resources to investigating healthcare providers’ and
	suppliers’ compliance with the healthcare reimbursement rules and fraud and abuse laws.




	 







	14

	 





	 






	 




	Health Information Privacy 


	 


	The federal Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act
	of 1996, or HIPAA, as amended by the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act of 2009, or HITECH, and
	their respective implementing regulations, impose requirements on certain covered healthcare providers, health plans and healthcare
	clearinghouses, known as covered entities, as well as their business associates that perform services for them that involve individually
	identifiable health information. The HIPAA privacy and security regulations, including the expanded requirements under HITECH,
	establish comprehensive federal standards with respect to the use and disclosure of protected health information by covered entities
	and their business associates, in addition to setting standards to protect the confidentiality, integrity and security of protected
	health information.


	 


	We have implemented policies and procedures related to compliance
	with the HIPAA privacy and security regulations, as required by law. The privacy and security regulations establish a “floor”
	and do not supersede state laws that are more stringent. Therefore, we are required to comply with both federal privacy and security
	regulations and varying state privacy and security laws. In addition, for healthcare data transfers from other countries relating
	to citizens of those countries, we must comply with the laws of those other countries. The federal privacy regulations restrict
	our ability to use or disclose patient identifiable laboratory data, without patient authorization, for purposes other than payment,
	treatment or healthcare operations (as defined by HIPAA), except for disclosures for various public policy purposes and other permitted
	purposes outlined in the privacy regulations. HIPAA, as amended by HITECH, provides for significant fines and other penalties for
	wrongful use or disclosure of protected health information in violation of the privacy and security regulations, including potential
	civil and criminal fines and penalties. If we do not comply with existing or new laws and regulations related to protecting the
	privacy and security of health information, we could be subject to monetary fines, civil penalties or criminal sanctions. In addition,
	other federal and state laws that protect the privacy and security of patient information may be subject to enforcement and interpretations
	by various governmental authorities and courts resulting in complex compliance issues. For example, we could incur damages under
	state laws pursuant to an action brought by a private party for the wrongful use or disclosure of confidential health information
	or other private personal information. If we were to experience a breach of protected health information, we could be subject to
	significant adverse publicity in addition to possible enforcement sanctions and civil damages lawsuits. Finally, we may be required
	to incur additional costs related to ongoing HIPAA compliance as may be necessary to address evolving interpretations and enforcement
	of HIPAA and other health information privacy and security laws, the enactment of new laws or regulations, emerging cybersecurity
	threats and other factors.


	 


	Research and Development


	 


	Research and development costs relate to our products under development
	and quality and regulatory costs and are expensed as incurred. During the years ended December 31, 2016 and 2015, we incurred research
	and development expense of approximately $1.8 million and $1.5 million, respectively. We expect the amount of our research and
	development, or R&D, expense to increase as we continue to innovate and introduce new products and technologies.


	 


	Employees 


	 


	As of December 31, 2016, we had 37 employees, all in the U.S.
	None of our employees are represented by a labor union or covered by a collective bargaining agreement. We consider our
	relationship with our employees to be good.


	 


	Website


	 


	Our filings with the SEC are available free of charge through our
	website

	www.sensushealthcare.com

	. The information on our website is not incorporated by reference into this report.




	 











	Item 1A.


	RISK FACTORS





	 




	An investment in our common stock contains a high degree of risk.
	You should consider carefully the risks and uncertainties described below before making an investment decision. Our business could
	be harmed if any of these risks, as well as other risks not currently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial, materialize.
	The trading price of our common stock could decline due to the occurrence of any of these risks, and you may lose all or part of
	your investment. In assessing the risks described below, you should also refer to the other information contained in this
	Annual Report on Form 10-K, including our consolidated financial statements and the related notes and schedules, and other filings
	with the SEC. This Annual Report on Form 10-K also contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties that
	could cause our actual results to differ materially from those discussed in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. These risks and uncertainties
	include the following:



	 





	15

	 





	 




	 


	Risks Related to our Business 




	 






	We have a history of net losses. If we do not consistently
	achieve profitability, our financial condition and the value of our common stock could suffer. 




	 


	We have a history of net losses. Our historical losses from inception
	through December 31, 2016 totaled approximately $7.8 million. If our revenue grows more slowly than currently anticipated, or if
	operating expenses are higher than expected, we may be unable to consistently achieve profitability, our financial condition will
	suffer and the value of our common stock could decline. Even if we are successful increasing our sales, we may incur losses in
	the foreseeable future as we continue to research and develop and seek regulatory approvals for our products. If sales revenue
	from any of our currently cleared products or any additional products that receive marketing clearance from the FDA or approval
	from other regulatory authorities in the future is insufficient, or if our product development is delayed, we may be unable to
	achieve profitability. Furthermore, even if we are able to achieve profitability, we may be unable to sustain or increase such
	profitability on a quarterly or annual basis, which would significantly reduce the value of our common stock.




	 






	If third-party payors do not provide coverage and adequate
	reimbursement for the use of our products, it is unlikely that our products will be widely used and our revenue will be negatively
	impacted. 




	 


	In the U.S., the commercial success of our existing products and
	any future products will depend, in part, on the extent to which governmental payors at the federal and state levels, including
	Medicare and Medicaid, private health insurers and other third-party payors provide coverage for and establish adequate reimbursement
	levels for procedures using our products. The existence of coverage and adequate reimbursement for our products and related procedures
	by government and private payors is critical to market acceptance of our existing and future products. Neither hospitals nor physicians
	are likely to use our products if they do not receive adequate reimbursement payments for the procedures using our products.


	 


	Some private payors in the U.S. may base their reimbursement policies
	on the coverage decisions determined by the CMS, which administers the Medicare program. Others may adopt different coverage or
	reimbursement policies for procedures performed using our products, while some governmental programs, such as Medicaid, have reimbursement
	policies that vary from state to state, some of which may not pay for our products in an amount that supports our selling price,
	if at all. A Medicare national or local coverage decision denying coverage for any of the procedures performed with our products
	could result in private and other third-party payors also denying coverage. Medicare (part B) and a number of private insurers
	in the U.S. currently cover and pay for both non-melanoma skin cancer and keloid treatments using the SRT-100. A withdrawal, or
	even contemplation of a withdrawal, by CMS, Medicaid or private payors of reimbursements, or any other unfavorable coverage or
	reimbursement decisions by government programs or private payors, could have a material adverse effect on our business.


	 


	Reimbursement systems in international markets vary significantly
	by country and by region within some countries, and reimbursement approvals must be obtained on a country-by-country basis. In
	many international markets, a product must be approved for reimbursement before it can be cleared for sale in that country. Further,
	many international markets have government-managed healthcare systems that control reimbursement for new devices and procedures.
	In most markets there are private insurance systems as well as government-managed systems. Our products may not be considered cost-effective
	by international third-party payors or governments managing healthcare systems. Furthermore, reimbursement may not be available
	or, if available, third-party payors’ reimbursement policies may adversely affect our ability to sell our products profitably.
	If sufficient coverage and reimbursement are not available for our current or future products, in either the U.S. or internationally,
	the demand for our products and, consequently, our revenues will be adversely affected.




	 







	16

	 





	 






	 






	Substantially all of our revenue is generated from the sale
	of our SRT-100 and related products, and any decline in the sales of these products or failure to gain market acceptance of these
	products will negatively impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. 




	 


	We have focused heavily on the development and commercialization
	of a limited number of products for the treatment of non-melanoma skin cancer and other skin conditions with superficial radiotherapy.
	From our inception in 2010 through December 31, 2016, substantially all of our revenue has been derived from sales of our SRT-100
	product line and related services and ancillary products. We expect substantially all of our revenue to be derived from or related
	to sales of our SRT-100 product line for the foreseeable future. Besides differentiated or enhanced versions of the SRT-100 and
	ancillary products, we are not currently developing or otherwise investing in any other product. If we are unable to achieve and
	maintain significantly greater market acceptance of superficial radiotherapy for treatment of non-melanoma skin cancer and other
	skin conditions, or if we do not achieve sustained positive cash flow, then we will be severely constrained in our ability to fund
	our operations. In addition, if we are unable to market our SRT-100 product line and ancillary products as a result of a quality
	problem, shortage of components required to for assembly, failure to maintain or obtain regulatory approvals, unexpected or serious
	complications or other unforeseen negative effects related to the SRT-100 product line and ancillary products, we would lose our
	only source of revenue, and our business, financial condition and results of operations will be adversely affected.




	 






	We may be unable to manufacture our products in quantities
	sufficient to meet existing demand levels, which would hinder our ability to effectively commercialize our products and increase
	revenues. 




	 


	The manufacture of medical devices requires significant expertise
	and capital investment, including the development of advanced manufacturing techniques and process controls, from us and our key
	suppliers, to scale up the production process to manufacture sufficient quantities at high volume and with satisfactory production
	yields. Manufacturers of medical devices often encounter difficulties in production, particularly when scaling up initial production.
	These problems include difficulties with production costs and yields, quality control and assurance, and shortages of qualified
	personnel, as well as compliance with strictly enforced federal, state and foreign regulations.


	In July 2010, we entered into a manufacturing agreement with an
	unrelated third party for manufacturing and production of the SRT-100 in accordance with our specifications. We continue to do
	business with the manufacturer pursuant to this agreement, although we or the manufacturer may terminate the agreement with 90
	days’ written notice or upon at least 60 days’ notice prior to the end of each additional one-year renewal period.
	As discussed elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, we are exploring the possibility of using a portion of the proceeds
	of our IPO to begin reducing our reliance on third party manufacturers by bringing certain manufacturing capabilities in-house.
	However, if eventually implemented, our plan to bring the manufacturing function in-house may not be successful and we may be unable
	to maintain a relationship with our current manufacturer or establish a relationship with another manufacturer on favorable terms,
	if at all.


	 


	Consequently, we may not, with our third party suppliers, be able
	to continue to efficiently manufacture our products in sufficient quantities to meet projected demand or to establish sufficient
	worldwide inventory to fully support our distribution network. Any of these results could cause us to be unable to effectively
	commercialize our products or increase revenue, adversely affecting our business, financial condition, results of operations and
	the value of our common stock.




	 






	We have a single preferred supplier for the x-ray tubes used
	in our products and the loss of this preferred supplier could adversely affect us.




	 


	We have a single preferred supplier for the x-ray tubes used in
	our products, although other suppliers exist in the market. The loss of this preferred supplier, or their inability to supply us
	or our third party manufacturer with adequate components, could hinder our ability to effectively produce our products to meet
	existing demand levels, especially if we were unable to timely procure x-ray tubes from another supplier in the market, which could
	adversely affect our ability to commercialize our products and increase our revenues.


	 





	17

	 





	 






	 






	We may be unable to retain and develop our U.S. sales force
	and non-U.S. distributors, which would adversely affect our ability to meet our revenue targets and other goals. 




	 


	As we launch products, increase current sales efforts and expand
	into new geographies, we will need to retain, grow and develop our direct sales personnel, distributors and agents. There is significant
	competition for sales personnel experienced in relevant medical device sales. In addition, the training process is lengthy because
	it requires significant education for new sales representatives to achieve an acceptable level of clinical competency with our
	products. Upon completion of training, sales representatives typically require lead time in the field to develop or expand their
	network of accounts and achieve the productivity levels we expect them to reach in any individual territory. If we are unable to
	attract, motivate, develop, and retain a sufficient number of qualified sales personnel, or if the sales representatives do not
	achieve the productivity levels expected, our revenue will not grow as expected, and our financial performance will suffer.


	 


	In addition, we may not succeed in entering into and maintaining
	productive arrangements with an adequate number of distributors outside of the U.S. that are sufficiently committed to selling
	our products in international markets. The establishment and maintenance of a distribution network is expensive and time consuming.
	Even if we engage and maintain suitable relationships with an adequate number of distributors, they may not generate revenue as
	quickly as we expect them to, commit the necessary resources to effectively market and sell our products, or ultimately succeed
	in selling our products. Moreover, if our sales force and distributors are unable to attract and retain new customers, we may be
	unable to achieve our expected growth, and our business could suffer.


	Furthermore, some of our distributors may market or sell the products
	of our competitors. In these cases, the competitors may have the ability to influence the products that our distributors choose
	to market and sell, for example, by offering higher commission payments, or by convincing the distributors to terminate their relationships
	with us, carry fewer of our products or reduce their sales and marketing efforts for our products. Any of the foregoing would hinder
	our ability to meet our revenue targets and other goals.




	 






	The future worldwide demand for our current products and our
	future products is uncertain. Our current products and our future products may not be accepted by hospitals, physicians or patients,
	and may not become commercially successful. 




	 


	Physicians and hospitals may not perceive the benefits of our products
	and may be reluctant or unwilling to adopt our products as a treatment option, particularly in light of existing treatment options,
	such as Mohs surgery or high dose rate brachytherapy. Additionally, physicians and hospitals may not be aware of the significant
	advances in technology associated with superficial radiation therapy compared to older technology that was previously used with
	orthovoltage. While we believe that our products are an efficient and less invasive alternative to other treatments of non-melanoma
	skin cancer and other skin conditions, physicians who are accustomed to using other modalities to treat patients with either non-melanoma
	skin cancer, keloids or other skin conditions may be reluctant to adopt broad use of our superficial radiotherapy products.


	 


	We must grow markets for our products through physician education
	and awareness programs. Publication in peer-reviewed medical journals of results from studies using our products will be an important
	consideration in their adoption by physicians and in reimbursement decisions of third-party payors. The process of publication
	in leading medical journals is subject to a peer-review process. Peer reviewers may not consider the results of studies of our
	products and any future products sufficiently novel or worthy of publication. Failure to have studies of our products published
	in peer reviewed journals may adversely affect adoption of our products.


	 


	Educating physicians and hospitals on the benefits of our products
	and advancements in superficial radiation technology requires a significant commitment by our marketing team and sales organization.
	Our products may not become widely accepted by physicians and hospitals. If we are unable to educate physicians and hospitals about
	the advantages of our products, do not achieve significantly greater market acceptance of our products, do not gain momentum in
	our sales activities, or fail to significantly grow our market share, we will be unable to grow our revenue, and our business and
	financial condition will be adversely affected.


	 





	18

	 





	 






	 






	We are in a highly competitive market segment, which is subject
	to rapid technological change. If our competitors are able to develop and market products that are more effective, less costly,
	easier to use or otherwise more attractive than any of our products, our business will be adversely impacted. 




	 


	The medical device industry is highly competitive and subject to
	technological change. In the arena for technology and products for use in the treatment of non-melanoma skin cancer and other skin
	conditions, we have three primary competitors, one of which operates in the superficial radiotherapy space largely in the European
	market, and the other two of which operate in the brachytherapy space in both the U.S. and internationally. While we believe our
	SRT-100 and related products currently have certain competitive advantages over the products offered by these competitors, our
	success depends, in part, upon our ability to maintain this competitive position. If these competitors improve their existing products,
	develop new products, or expand their operations, we may be unable to maintain our competitive advantages over these competitors.


	 


	Furthermore, new competitors, including companies larger than us,
	may enter the market in the future and may offer products with similar or alternative functionalities. These companies may enjoy
	several advantages relative to us, including:


	 







	§




	greater financial and human resources for product development, sales
	and marketing;










	§




	greater name recognition;










	§




	long-established relationships with physicians and hospitals;










	§




	the ability to offer rebates or bundle multiple product offerings
	to offer greater discounts or incentives;










	§




	more established distribution channels and sales and marketing capabilities;
	and










	§




	greater experience in and resources for conducting research and development,
	clinical studies, manufacturing, preparing regulatory submissions, obtaining regulatory clearance or approval for products and
	marketing cleared products.





	 


	Hospitals, physicians and investors may not view our products as
	competitive with other products that are marketed and sold by new competitors, including much larger and more established companies.
	Our competitors may develop and patent processes or products earlier than we do, obtain regulatory clearance or approvals for competing
	products more rapidly than us or develop more effective, more convenient or less expensive products or technologies that render
	our technology or products obsolete or less competitive. If our existing or new competitors are more successful than us in any
	of these matters, our business may be harmed.




	 






	Our customers are concentrated in the U.S. and China, and
	economic difficulties or changes in the purchasing policies or patterns of our customers in these countries could have a significant
	impact on our business and operating results. 




	 


	Substantially all of our 2016 and 2015 sales were made to customers
	located in the U.S. and China. For the years ended December 31, 2016 and 2015, approximately 11% and 14%, respectively, of our
	product sales were to Chinese customers, with substantially the remainder of our sales to customers in the U.S. Because of our
	geographic concentrations, our revenue could fluctuate significantly due to changes in economic conditions, the use of competitive
	products, or the loss of, reduction of business with, or less favorable terms within, these countries. A reduction or delay in
	orders for our products from these countries could materially harm our business and results of operations.




	 






	Our future success depends on our ability to develop, receive
	regulatory approval for, and introduce new products or product enhancements that will be accepted by the market in a timely manner,
	and if we do not do so, our results of operations will suffer. 




	 


	It is important to our business that we continue to build a pipeline
	of product offerings for the treatment of non-melanoma skin cancer and other skin conditions to remain competitive. Consequently,
	our success will depend in part on our ability to develop and introduce new products. However, we may be unable to successfully
	maintain our regulatory clearance for existing products, or develop, obtain and maintain regulatory clearance or approval for product
	enhancements, or new products, or these products may not be accepted by physicians or the payors who financially support many of
	the procedures performed with our products.


	 


	The success of any new product offering or enhancement to an existing
	product will depend on several factors, including our ability to:


	 







	§




	identify and anticipate physician and patient needs properly;










	§




	develop and introduce new products or product enhancements in a timely
	manner;










	§




	avoid infringing the intellectual property rights of third parties;





	 





	19

	 





	 




	 







	§




	demonstrate the safety and efficacy of new products with data;










	§




	obtain the necessary regulatory approvals for new products or product
	enhancements;










	§




	comply fully with U.S. Food and Drug Administration and applicable
	foreign government agencies’ regulations on marketing of new devices or modified products;










	§




	provide adequate training to potential users of our products; and










	§




	receive coverage and adequate reimbursement for procedures performed
	with our products.





	 


	If we do not develop new products or product enhancements in time
	to meet market demand, if there is insufficient demand for these products or enhancements, or if competitors introduce new products
	with enhanced functionalities that are superior to those of ours, then our results of operations will suffer.




	 






	Our products may become obsolete prior to the end of their
	anticipated useful lives, and we may be required to dispose of existing inventory or write off the value or accelerate the depreciation
	of the these assets, each which would materially and adversely impact our results of operations. 




	 


	We focus on continual product innovation and product improvement.
	While we believe this provides a competitive edge, it also results in the risk that our products will become obsolete prior to
	the end of their anticipated useful lives. If we introduce new products or next-generation products prior to the end of the useful
	life of a prior generation, we may be required to dispose of existing inventory, or write off the value of the these assets, each
	of which would materially and adversely impact our results of operations.




	 






	Our success is dependent in large part on our being an early
	re-entrant into the market for our proprietary superficial radiotherapy systems, and if one or more competitors join us in the
	market, our marketing efforts and ability to compete would be materially and adversely affected. 




	 


	Our success is dependent in large part on our being an early re-entrant
	into the market for our proprietary superficial radiotherapy systems. If one or more competitors join us in the market, the increased
	competition would require us to devote substantial additional resources to our marketing efforts, and our ability to compete may
	be severely impaired.




	 






	Our international operations subject us to certain operating
	risks, which could adversely impact our results of operations and financial condition. 




	 


	The sale and shipment of our products across international borders,
	as well as the purchase of components from international sources, subjects us to U.S. and foreign governmental trade, import and
	export, and customs regulations and laws. Compliance with these regulations and laws is costly and exposes us to penalties for
	non-compliance. Other laws and regulations that can significantly impact us include various anti-bribery laws, including the U.S.
	Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, and anti-boycott laws, as well as export control laws. Any failure to comply with applicable legal
	and regulatory obligations could impact us in a variety of ways that include, but are not limited to, significant criminal, civil
	and administrative penalties, including imprisonment of individuals, fines and penalties, denial of export privileges, seizure
	of shipments, restrictions on certain business activities and exclusion or debarment from government contracting. Also, the failure
	to comply with applicable legal and regulatory obligations could result in the disruption of our shipping and sales activities.
	Any of the foregoing would adversely impact our results of operations and financial condition.


	 


	Our international operations and our international distributors
	expose us to risks inherent in operating in foreign jurisdictions. These risks include, without limitation:


	 







	§




	difficulties in enforcing or defending intellectual property rights;










	§




	pricing pressure that we may experience internationally;










	§




	a shortage of high-quality sales people and distributors;










	§




	third-party reimbursement policies that may require some of the patients
	who are treated with our products to directly absorb medical costs or that may necessitate the reduction of the selling prices
	of our products;










	§




	disadvantage to competition with established business and customer
	relationships;










	§




	the imposition of additional U.S. and foreign governmental controls
	or regulations;










	§




	economic instability;





	 





	20

	 





	 




	 







	§




	changes in duties and tariffs, license obligations and other non-tariff
	barriers to trade;










	§




	the imposition of restrictions on the activities of foreign agents,
	representatives and distributors;










	§




	potentially adverse tax consequences;










	§




	laws and business practices favoring local companies;










	§




	difficulties in maintaining consistency with our internal guidelines;










	§




	the imposition of costly and lengthy new export licensing requirements;










	§




	the imposition of U.S. or international sanctions against a country,
	company, person or entity with whom we do business that would restrict or prohibit continued business with the sanctioned country,
	company, person or entity; and










	§




	the imposition of new trade restrictions.





	 


	If any of these events or circumstances were to occur, our sales
	in foreign countries would be harmed and our results of operations would suffer.


	 




	Our U.S. business could be adversely affected by changes in
	international trade regulation.




	 


	The U.S. presidential administration that came to power in January
	2017 and members of the U.S. Congress have indicated that they may seek to impose importation tariffs from certain countries such
	as China and Mexico and/or to impose taxes on imported goods generally. Certain countries have publicly stated that they would
	respond in-kind to any such action by the U.S. Any future escalation of protectionist trade measures could increase the prices
	of products, components and supplies that we source internationally, as well as adversely affect our ability to sell our products
	in foreign markets. In addition, the Trump Administration will appoint and employ many new public officials into positions of authority
	in the U.S. Federal government dealing with the healthcare industries that may potentially have a negative impact on the prices
	and the regulatory pathways for certain healthcare products such as those developed, marketed and sold by us. Such changes in the
	regulatory pathways could adversely affect and or delay our ability to market and sell our products in the U.S. and internationally.


	 




	Our operating results may vary significantly from quarter
	to quarter, which may negatively impact the value of our securities. 




	 


	Our quarterly revenues and results of operations may fluctuate due
	to the following reasons, among others:


	 







	§




	physician and hospital acceptance of our products;










	§




	the timing, expense and results of research and development activities,
	and obtaining future regulatory approvals;










	§




	fluctuations in expenses associated with expanding operations;










	§




	the introduction of new products and technologies by competitors;










	§




	sales representatives’ productivity;










	§




	supplier, manufacturing or quality problems with products;










	§




	the timing of stocking orders from distributors;










	§




	changes in our pricing policies or in the pricing policies of competitors
	or suppliers; and










	§




	changes in third-party payors’ reimbursement policies.





	 


	Because of these and other related or similar factors, it is likely
	that in some future period our operating results will not meet expectations.


	 




	We may be unable to attract and retain highly qualified personnel,
	which could adversely and materially affect our competitive position. 




	 


	Our future success depends on our ability to attract and retain
	our executive officers and other key employees. We may be unable to attract or retain qualified management and other key personnel
	in the future due to the intense competition for qualified personnel among companies in the medical device business and related
	industries, particularly in the South Florida area where we are headquartered. The medical device industry has experienced a high
	rate of turnover of management personnel in recent years. Consequently, we could have difficulty attracting or retaining experienced
	personnel and may be required to spend significant time and expend significant financial resources in our employee recruitment
	and retention efforts. Many of the other medical device companies with which we compete for qualified personnel have greater financial
	and other resources and risk profiles different from ours. They also may provide more diverse opportunities and better chances
	for career advancement. Some of these characteristics may be more appealing to high quality candidates than that which we may offer.
	If we are unable to attract and retain the necessary personnel to accomplish our business objectives, we may have difficulty implementing
	our business strategy and achieving our business objectives.




	 







	21

	 





	 






	 






	Product liability claims could damage our reputation and adversely
	affect our business. 




	 


	The design, manufacture and marketing of medical devices each carry
	an inherent risk of product liability claims and other damage claims. In addition to the exposure we may have for defective products,
	physicians may misuse our products or use improper techniques, regardless of how well trained, potentially leading to injury and
	an increased risk of product liability. A product liability or other damages claim, product recall or product misuse could require
	us to spend significant time and money in litigation, regardless of the ultimate outcome, or to pay significant damages and could
	seriously harm our business.


	 


	We maintain liability insurance coverage that management believes
	to be reasonable based on our business and operations; however, our insurance may not be sufficient to cover all claims made against
	us. Our insurance policies generally must be renewed on an annual basis. We may be unable to maintain or increase insurance on
	acceptable terms or at reasonable costs. A successful claim brought against us in excess, or outside of, our insurance coverage
	could seriously harm our financial condition or results of operations.


	 




	We may be required to obtain additional funds in the future,
	and these funds may not be available on acceptable terms or at all. 




	 


	Our operations have consumed substantial amounts of cash since inception,
	and we anticipate that our expenses will increase as we continue to grow our business. We may need to seek additional capital in
	the future. Our growth will depend, in part, on our ability to develop variations of the SRT-100 and other products, and related
	technology complementary to our products. Our existing financial resources, including our existing revolving line of credit, may
	not allow us to conduct all of the activities that we believe would be beneficial for our future growth.


	 


	We may need to seek funds in the future. Our existing revolving
	line of credit restricts our ability to incur certain indebtedness or permit certain encumbrances on our assets without the prior
	written consent of the lender. If we are unable to raise funds on favorable terms, or at all, we may not be able to support our
	commercialization efforts or increase our research and development activities or meet our debt and other contractual obligations,
	and the growth of our business may be negatively impacted. As a result, we may be unable to compete effectively.


	 


	Our cash requirements in the future may be significantly different
	from our current estimates and depend on many factors, including:


	 







	§




	the results of commercialization efforts for products;










	§




	the need for additional capital to fund development programs;










	§




	the costs involved in obtaining and enforcing patents or any litigation
	by third parties regarding intellectual property;










	§




	the establishment of high-volume manufacturing and increased sales,
	marketing and distribution capabilities; and










	§




	success in entering into collaborative relationships with other parties.





	 


	We may be unable to raise funds on favorable terms, or at all, and
	either case would materially and adversely affect our ability to implement our strategy and meet our goals.


	 


	To the extent that we raise additional capital through the sale
	of equity or convertible debt securities, stockholders’ ownership interest will be diluted, and the terms may include liquidation
	or other preferences that adversely affect common stockholders’ rights. Debt financing, if available, may involve agreements
	that include covenants limiting or restricting our ability to take specific actions such as incurring additional debt, making capital
	expenditures or declaring distributions or dividends. If we raise additional funds through collaboration and licensing arrangements
	with third parties, we may have to relinquish valuable rights to our technologies or products or grant licenses on terms that are
	not favorable to us. Any of these events could adversely affect our ability to declare dividends on our common stock and to achieve
	our product development and commercialization goals and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and
	results of operations.




	 







	22

	 





	 






	 






	Our revolving credit facility imposes substantial restrictions
	on us, some of which could hinder our ability to conduct our operations effectively or otherwise in accordance with our business
	plan. 




	 


	In March 2013, we entered into a $3.0 million revolving credit facility,
	which was amended in March 2015 to extend the facility and to reduce the facility to $1.5 million. The maximum borrowing is limited
	by our eligible borrowing base, equal to 80% of eligible accounts receivable as defined in the facility agreement. On September
	21, 2016, a second amendment to the credit facility extended the facility through September 21, 2017, increased the maximum borrowing
	to $2.0 million and expanded the eligible accounts receivable to include certain international receivables.


	 


	Under the facility agreement, we must pay monthly interest at a
	rate of the Prime Rate plus 0.75%, and must pay any outstanding principal and interest on or before the maturity date,. The facility
	is secured by all of our assets and limits the amount of additional indebtedness, restricts the sale, disposition or transfer of
	our assets and requires the maintenance of a certain monthly adjusted quick ratio restrictive covenant and minimum quarterly EBITDA
	restrictive covenant, as defined in the agreement. We were not in compliance with certain of these financial covenants as of October
	31, 2015 and November 30, 2015, but we received a formal waiver from the bank in February 2016 for our noncompliance. We were in
	compliance as of December 31, 2016.


	 


	Additionally, the facility agreement contains a number of negative
	covenants that require us to seek the lender’s prior written consent in order to conduct certain activities. For example,
	we may not, without the prior written consent of the lender:


	 







	§




	Sell or otherwise transfer all or any part of our business or property,
	except for transfers in the ordinary course of business or as otherwise permitted by the facility agreement;










	§




	Change the nature of our business, liquidate or dissolve, undergo
	a change in management;










	§




	Add any new offices or business locations, including warehouses;










	§




	Change our jurisdiction of organization, our organizational structure
	or type, our legal name or any organizational number assigned to us;










	§




	Merge or consolidate with any other person or entity or acquire all
	or substantially all of the capital stock or property of another person or entity;










	§




	Create, incur or be liable for any indebtedness other than as permitted
	by the facility agreement;










	§




	Create, incur, or suffer any lien on any of our property (including
	receivables) other than as permitted by the facility agreement;










	§




	Maintain any operating or deposit or security accounts other than
	with the lender or any of its affiliates;










	§




	Pay any dividends or make any distribution or payment or redeem, retire
	or purchase any capital stock, except that we may pay dividends solely in common stock; or










	§




	Directly or indirectly make any investment, including, without limitation,
	by the formation of any subsidiary, other than as permitted by the facility agreement.





	 


	In the event we wish to conduct any of the foregoing activities
	and the lender refuses to provide its prior written consent, our ability to conduct our operations effectively and in accordance
	with our business plan could be materially and adversely affected.


	 


	We did not have any amounts outstanding under the revolving credit
	facility as of December 31, 2016.




	 






	If we fail to properly manage our anticipated growth, our
	business could suffer. 




	 


	Our strategy involves substantial growth. If we experience
	periods of rapid growth and expansion, our limited personnel, operational infrastructure and other resources could be
	significantly strained. In particular, the possible internalization of manufacturing, and continued expansion of our direct
	sales force in the U.S. will require significant management, financial and other supporting resources. In addition, in order
	to manage expanding operations, we will need to continue to improve our operational and management controls, reporting and
	information technology systems and financial internal control procedures. If we are unable to manage our growth effectively,
	it may be difficult for us to execute our business strategy and our operating results and business could suffer. Any failure
	by us to manage our growth effectively could have an adverse effect on our ability to achieve our goals. To achieve our
	revenue goals, we must successfully increase production output to meet projected customer demand. We may be unable to
	increase output on the timeline anticipated, if at all. Also, we may in the future experience difficulties with production
	yields and quality control, component supply, and shortages of qualified personnel, among other problems. These problems
	could result in delays in product availability and increases in expenses. Any delay or increased expense could adversely
	affect our ability to increase revenues.




	 







	23

	 





	 






	 






	Cost-containment efforts of our customers, purchasing groups
	and governmental organizations could have a material adverse effect on our sales and profitability. 




	 


	In an effort to reduce costs, many hospitals or physicians within
	the U.S. and abroad are members of group purchasing organizations and integrated delivery networks. Group purchasing organizations
	and integrated delivery networks negotiate pricing arrangements with medical device companies and distributors and offer the negotiated
	prices to affiliated hospitals, physicians and other members. Group purchasing organizations and integrated delivery networks typically
	award contracts on a category-by-category basis through a competitive bidding process. Bids are generally solicited from multiple
	providers with the intention of driving down pricing or reducing the number of vendors. Due to the highly competitive nature of
	the group purchasing organizations and integrated delivery networks contracting processes, we may be unable to obtain or maintain
	contract positions with major group purchasing organizations and integrated delivery networks. Furthermore, the increasing leverage
	of organized buying groups may reduce market prices for our products, thereby reducing our profitability.


	 


	While having a contract with a group purchasing organizations or
	integrated delivery networks for a given product category can facilitate sales to members of that group purchasing organizations
	or integrated delivery networks, expected sales levels may not be achieved, as sales are typically made pursuant to purchase orders.
	Even when a provider is the sole contracted supplier of a group purchasing organization or integrated delivery network for a certain
	product category, members of the group purchasing organization or integrated delivery network generally are free to purchase from
	other suppliers. Furthermore, group purchasing organizations and integrated delivery networks contracts typically are terminable
	without cause by the group purchasing organizations or integrated delivery networks upon 60 to 90 days’ notice. Accordingly,
	even if we obtain contracts with any group purchasing organizations or integrated delivery networks, the members of these groups
	may choose to purchase from our competitors due to the price or quality offered by competitors, which could result in a decline
	in our sales and profitability.


	 




	We depend on information technology systems to operate our
	business and a cyber-attack or other breach of these systems could have a material adverse effect on our business. 




	 


	We rely on information technology systems to process, transmit and
	store electronic information in our day-to-day operations. Our information technology systems could be vulnerable to a cyber-attack,
	malicious intrusion, breakdown, destruction, loss of data privacy or other significant disruption. Any successful attacks could
	result in the theft of intellectual property or other misappropriation of assets, or otherwise compromise our confidential or proprietary
	information or disrupt our operations. Cyber-attacks are becoming more sophisticated and frequent, and our systems could be the
	target of malware and other cyber-attacks. We have invested in our systems and the protection of our data to reduce the risk of
	an intrusion or interruption, and we monitor our systems on an ongoing basis for any current or potential threats.


	 


	However, these measures and efforts may not prevent interruptions
	or breakdowns, and we may otherwise fail to maintain or protect our information technology systems and data integrity effectively.
	Furthermore, we may fail to anticipate, plan for or manage significant disruptions to our systems. If any of the foregoing were
	to occur, our competitive position could be harmed, we could lose existing customers, have difficulty preventing, detecting and
	controlling fraud, have disputes with customers, specialist physicians and other healthcare professionals, have regulatory sanctions
	or penalties imposed, incur expenses or lose revenues as a result of a data breach or theft of intellectual property or suffer
	other adverse consequences, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial
	condition or cash flows.



	 






	24

	 





	 





	 



	Risks Related to our Regulatory Environment 




	 






	We are subject to various federal, state and foreign healthcare
	laws and regulations, and a finding of failure to comply with these laws and regulations could have a material adverse effect on
	our business. 




	 


	Our operations are, and will continue to be, directly and indirectly
	affected by various federal, state and foreign healthcare laws, including, but not limited to, those described below.


	 







	§




	Federal Anti-Kickback Statute (42 U.S. Code §1320a-7b), which
	prohibits any person or entity from knowingly and willfully offering, paying, soliciting or receiving any remuneration, directly
	or indirectly, in cash or in kind, in return for or to induce the referring, ordering, leasing, purchasing or arranging for or
	recommending the referring, ordering, purchasing or leasing of any good, facility, item or service, for which payment may be made,
	in whole or in part, under federal healthcare programs, such as the Medicare and Medicaid programs.





	 







	§




	Federal “Sunshine” (42 U.S. Code §1320a-7h) law,
	which requires us to track and report annually to CMS information related to certain payments and other “transfers of value”
	provided to physicians (defined to include doctors, dentists, optometrists, podiatrists and chiropractors) and teaching hospitals
	and to report annually to CMS ownership and investment interests held by physicians, and their immediate family members. We are
	also subject to similar foreign “sunshine” laws or codes of conduct, which vary country by country.





	 







	§




	Federal civil and criminal false claims laws and civil monetary penalty
	laws, which prohibit, among other things, persons or entities from knowingly presenting, or causing to be presented, a false or
	fraudulent claim to, or the knowing use of false records or statements to obtain payment from, or approval by, the federal government.
	Suits filed under the False Claims Act, known as “qui tam” actions, can be brought by any individual on behalf of the
	government and such individuals, commonly known as “whistleblowers,” may share in any amounts paid by the entity to
	the government in fines or settlement. When an entity is determined to have violated the False Claims Act (31 U.S. Code §3729-3733),
	it may be required to pay up to three times the actual damages sustained by the government, plus civil penalties for each separate
	false claim.





	 







	§




	Federal Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996,
	or HIPAA, statute, which, among other things, created federal criminal laws that prohibit knowingly and willfully executing, or
	attempting to execute, a scheme or artifice to defraud any healthcare benefit program and knowingly and willfully falsifying, concealing
	or covering up a material fact or making any materially false, fictitious or fraudulent statements in connection with the delivery
	of or payment for healthcare benefits, items or services.





	 


	Additionally, HIPAA, as amended by the Health Information Technology
	for Economic and Clinical Health Act of 2009, and applicable implementing regulations, impose certain requirements relating to
	the privacy, security and transmission of individually identifiable health information without appropriate authorization on entities
	subject to the law, such as health plans, clearinghouses, and healthcare providers and their business associates. Internationally,
	substantially every jurisdiction in which we operate has established its own data security and privacy legal framework with which
	we must comply, including the Data Protection Directive 95/46/EC and national implementation of the Directive in the member states
	of the European Union.


	 


	Many states have also adopted laws similar to each of the above
	federal laws, such as anti-kickback and false claims laws, which may be broader in scope and apply to items or services reimbursed
	by any third-party payor, including commercial insurers, as well as laws that restrict our marketing activities with healthcare
	professionals and entities, and require us to track and report payments and other transfers of value, including consulting fees,
	provided to healthcare professionals and entities. Some states mandate implementation of compliance programs to ensure compliance
	with these laws. Additionally, certain states require a certificate of need prior to the installation of a radiation device, such
	as the SRT-100. We are also subject to foreign fraud and abuse laws, which vary by country.


	 





	25

	 





	 




	 


	If our operations are found to be in violation of any of the laws
	described above or any other governmental regulations that apply to us now or in the future, we may be subject to penalties, including
	administrative, civil and criminal penalties, damages, fines, disgorgement, individual imprisonment, contractual damages, reputational
	harm, exclusion from governmental healthcare programs, and the curtailment or restructuring of our operations. Any of the foregoing
	could adversely affect our ability to operate our business and our financial results.


	 




	Our products are subject to extensive governmental regulation
	that could make it more expensive and time consuming for us to introduce new or improved products.




	 


	Our products must comply with regulatory requirements imposed by
	the U.S. Food and Drug Administration, the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services and other governmental agencies in the
	U.S., and similar agencies in foreign jurisdictions. These requirements involve lengthy and detailed laboratory and clinical testing
	procedures, sampling activities, an extensive agency review process, and other costly and time-consuming procedures. It often takes
	several years to satisfy these requirements, depending on the complexity and novelty of the product. If we execute on our plans
	to move our manufacturing function in-house, we will also be subject to additional licensing and regulatory requirements relating
	to safe working conditions, manufacturing practices, environmental protection, fire hazard control, and disposal of hazardous or
	potential hazardous substances. Some of the most important requirements applicable or potentially applicable to us include:


	 







	§




	U.S. Food and Drug Administration Regulations (Title 21 CFR, Parts
	801, 803, 806, 807 and 820);










	§




	EU CE marking of conformity requirements depicted within the MDD (Directive
	90/425/EEC);










	§




	Health Canada requirements (SOR/98-282);










	§




	Medical Device Quality Management System requirements (ISO 13485:2003);










	§




	Occupational Safety and Health Administration requirements;










	§




	China CFDA requirements; and










	§




	Other similar quality, regulatory and statutory requirements in foreign
	jurisdictions in which we currently market or plan to market our products in the future.





	 


	Additionally, due to the nature of our products as radiation producing
	medical devices, we are also subject to certain state laws and regulations related to the sale of our products. Although we have
	taken steps to ensure our compliance with such state laws and regulations, our failure to fully comply with these requirements
	could result in fines or penalties and could also adversely affect our ability to sell our products.


	 


	Government regulation may impede our ability to the manufacture
	our existing and future products. Government regulation also could delay the marketing of new products for a considerable period
	of time and impose costly procedures on activities. The U.S. Food and Drug Administration and other regulatory agencies may not
	clear or approve any future products on a timely basis, if at all. Any delay in obtaining, or failure to obtain, these approvals
	could negatively impact the marketing of any future products and reduce our product revenues. Regulatory bodies may review products
	once they are on the market and determine that they do not satisfy applicable regulatory requirements. Failure to comply with requisite
	requirements may lead to European Economic Area regulatory bodies ordering the suspension or withdrawal of products from the European
	Economic Area market or, as discussed below, notified bodies withdrawing certificates of conformity for devices or the underlying
	quality systems.


	 


	Further, regulations may change, and any additional regulation could
	limit or restrict our ability to use any of our technologies, which could harm our business. We could also be subject to new international,
	federal, state or local regulations that could affect our research and development programs and harm our business in unforeseen
	ways.


	 




	Product deficiencies could result in field actions, recalls,
	substantial costs or write-downs; these could lead to the delay or termination of ongoing trials, if any, and harm our reputation,
	business or financial results.




	 


	Our products are subject to various regulatory guidelines and involve
	complex technologies. The U.S. Food and Drug Administration and similar foreign governmental authorities have the authority to
	require the recall of commercialized products in the event of material deficiencies or defects in design or manufacture that could
	affect patient safety. Manufacturers may, under their own initiative, conduct a product notification or recall to inform physicians
	of changes to instructions for use or if a deficiency in a device is found or suspected.


	 





	26

	 





	 




	 


	Identified quality problems, such as failure of critical components,
	or the failure of third parties to supply us with sufficient conforming quantities of these products or components, could impact
	the availability of our products in the marketplace or lead to adverse clinical events. In addition, product improvements or product
	redundancies could result in scrapping or expensive rework of products, and our business, financial condition or results of operations
	could suffer as a result. Product complaints, quality issues and necessary corrective and preventative actions could result in
	communications to customers or patients, field actions, require the scrapping, rework, recall or replacement of products, result
	in substantial costs or write-offs, or harm our business reputation and financial results. Further, these events could adversely
	affect our relationships with our customers or affect our reputation, which could materially adversely affect our earnings, results
	and financial viability.


	 


	A future field action or recall announcement could harm our reputation
	with customers, negatively affect our sales, and subject us to U.S. Food and Drug Administration (or similar governmental authority)
	enforcement actions. Moreover, depending on the corrective action we take to redress a product’s deficiencies or defects,
	the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (or similar governmental authority) may require, or we may decide, that we will need to obtain
	new approvals or clearances for the product before we market or distribute the corrected product. Seeking these approvals or clearances
	may delay our ability to replace the recalled products in a timely manner. If we do not adequately address problems associated
	with our products, we may face additional regulatory enforcement action, including U.S. Food and Drug Administration (or similar
	governmental authority) warning letters, product seizures, injunctions, administrative penalties, or civil or criminal fines.


	 


	Any identified quality issue can both harm our business reputation
	and result in substantial costs and write-offs, which in either case could materially harm our business and financial results.


	 




	The off-label use or misuse of our products may harm our image
	in the marketplace, result in injuries that lead to costly product liability suits, or result in costly investigations and regulatory
	agency sanctions under certain circumstances.




	 


	The products we currently market in the U.S. have been cleared by
	the U.S. Food and Drug Administration for specific indications. Our clinical support staff and marketing and sales force have been
	trained not to promote our products for uses outside of the cleared indications for use, known as “off-label uses.”
	However, if a physician uses our products outside the scope of the cleared indications, there may be increased risk of injury to
	patients. Furthermore, the use of our products for indications other than those cleared by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration
	may not effectively treat the conditions associated with the off-label use, which could harm our reputation in the marketplace
	among physicians and patients, adversely affecting our operations.


	 


	If the U.S. Food and Drug Administration determines that our promotional
	materials or training constitute promotion of an off-label or other improper use, it could request that we modify our training
	or promotional materials, or subject us to regulatory or enforcement actions, including the issuance of an untitled letter, a warning
	letter, injunction, seizure, civil fine or criminal penalties. It is also possible that other federal, state or foreign enforcement
	authorities might take action if they consider our business activities to constitute promotion of an off-label use, which could
	result in significant penalties, including, but not limited to, criminal, civil or administrative penalties, damages, fines, disgorgement,
	exclusion from participation in government healthcare programs, and the curtailment of our operations. Any of these events could
	significantly harm our business and results of operations.


	 


	The advertising and promotion of our products is subject to European
	Economic Area Member States governing the advertising and promotion of medical devices. In addition, voluntary European Union and
	national Codes of Conduct provide guidelines on the advertising and promotion of our products to the general public and may impose
	limitations on promotional activities with healthcare professionals. These regulations or codes may limit our ability to affectively
	market our products, or we could run afoul of the requirements imposed by these regulations, causing reputational harm, imposing
	potentially substantial costs, and adversely affecting our operations as a result.


	 





	27

	 





	 






	 






	We are required to comply with medical device reporting requirements
	and must report certain malfunctions, deaths, and serious injuries associated with our products, which can result in voluntary
	corrective actions or agency enforcement actions.




	 


	Under the U.S. Food and Drug Administration medical device reporting
	regulations (21 CFR 803), medical device manufacturers are required to submit information to the U.S. Food and Drug Administration
	when they receive a report or become aware that a device has or may have caused or contributed to a death or serious injury or
	has or may have a malfunction that would likely cause or contribute to death or serious injury if the malfunction were to recur.
	All manufacturers placing medical devices on the market in the European Economic Area are legally bound to report any serious or
	potentially serious incidents involving devices they produce or sell (MEDDEV 2.12-1) to the Competent Authority in whose jurisdiction
	the incident occurred through the European Vigilance process.


	 


	If an event subject to medical device reporting requirements occurs,
	we will need to comply with the reporting requirements, which would adversely affect our reputation and subject us to actions by
	regulatory authorities, such as ordering recalls, imposing fines, or seizing the affected products. Furthermore, any corrective
	action, whether voluntary or involuntary, will require the dedication of time and capital and will distract management from operating
	our business. Any of the foregoing would further harm our reputation and financial results.


	 




	Healthcare policy changesmay have a material adverse effect
	on our business.




	 


	The Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, as amended by the
	Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act, included, among other things, a deductible 2.3% excise tax on any entity that manufactures
	or imports medical devices offered for sale in the U.S., with limited exceptions, effective January 1, 2013. This excise tax imposes
	a significant increase in the tax burden on the medical device industry, and if our efforts to offset the excise tax are unsuccessful,
	the increased tax burden could have an adverse effect on our results of operations and cash flows. However, this excise tax has
	recently been suspended for 2016 and 2017. The tax remains uncertain for future years. Other elements of this Act, including comparative
	effectiveness research, an independent payment advisory board, payment system reforms including shared savings pilots and other
	provisions, may significantly affect the payment for, and the availability of, healthcare services and may result in fundamental
	changes to federal healthcare reimbursement programs, any of which may materially affect numerous aspects of our business.


	 


	Other healthcare reform measures may result in more rigorous coverage
	criteria and in additional downward pressure on the reimbursement received for procedures utilizing our products. In addition,
	other legislative changes have been proposed and adopted since the Act discussed above was enacted that may adversely affect our
	revenues. These changes include aggregate reductions to Medicare payments to providers of up to 2% per year effective April 2013
	which, due to subsequent legislative amendments to the statute, will stay in effect through 2024 unless additional Congressional
	action is taken. Additionally, in 2013, President Obama signed into law the American Taxpayer Relief Act of 2012, which, among
	other things, reduced Medicare payments to several providers, and increased the statute of limitations period for the government
	to recover overpayments to providers from three to five years. These new laws may result in additional reductions in Medicare and
	other healthcare funding, which could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial operations. Any reduction in
	reimbursement from Medicare or other government programs may result in a similar reduction in payments from private payors. The
	implementation of cost containment measures or other healthcare reforms may prevent us from being able to increase revenue, attain
	profitability, or commercialize our devices. In addition, other legislative changes may be enacted or existing regulations, guidance
	or interpretations may be changed, each of which may adversely affect our operations.


	 


	In addition, the requirements or restrictions imposed on us or our
	products may change, either as a result of administratively adopted policies or regulations or as a result of the enactment of
	new laws. Moreover, there have been recent public announcements by members of the U.S. Congress, President Trump and his administration
	regarding their plans to repeal and replace the Affordable Care Act, Medicare, and Medicaid. Although we cannot predict the ultimate
	content or timing of any healthcare reform legislation, potential changes resulting from any amendment, repeal or replacement of
	these programs, including any reduction in the future availability of healthcare insurance benefits, could adversely affect our
	business and future results of operations.


	 





	28

	 





	 




	 


	Risks Related to our Intellectual Property


	 




	If our patents and other intellectual property rights do not
	adequately protect our products, we may lose market share to competitors and be unable to operate our business profitably.




	 


	Our success depends significantly on our ability to protect our
	proprietary rights to the technologies used in our products. We rely on the patent protection of two U.S. patents which we have
	acquired, as well as a combination of copyright, trade secret and trademark laws, and nondisclosure, confidentiality and other
	contractual restrictions to protect our proprietary technology. We also have patent applications currently pending and in the process
	of being submitted. However, these legal means afford only limited protection and may not adequately protect our rights or permit
	us to gain or keep any competitive advantage. For example, some or all of our pending patent applications or any future pending
	applications may be unsuccessful. The U.S. Patent and Trademark Office may deny or require significant narrowing of claims in our
	pending patent applications or future patent applications, and patents issued as a result of these patent applications, if any,
	may not provide us with significant commercial protection or be issued in a form that is advantageous to us. We could also incur
	substantial costs in proceedings before the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office. These proceedings could result in adverse decisions
	as to the priority of our inventions and the narrowing or invalidation of claims in our issued patents. Third parties may successfully
	challenge our issued patents and those that may be issued in the future, which would render these patents invalidated or unenforceable,
	and which could limit our ability to stop competitors from marketing and selling related products. In addition, our pending patent
	applications include claims to aspects of products and procedures that are not currently protected by issued patents, and third
	parties may successfully patent those aspects before us or otherwise challenge our rights to these aspects.


	 


	Both the patent application process and the process of managing
	patent disputes can be time consuming and expensive. Competitors may be able to design around our patents or develop products that
	provide outcomes that are comparable to our products. Although we have entered into confidentiality agreements and intellectual
	property assignment agreements with certain of our employees, consultants and advisors in order to protect our intellectual property
	and other proprietary technology, these agreements may not be enforceable or may not provide meaningful protection for trade secrets
	or other proprietary information in the event of unauthorized use or disclosure or other breaches of the agreements. In addition,
	we have not sought patent protection in all countries where we sell our products. If we fail to timely file a patent application
	in any such country or major market, we may be precluded from doing so at a later date. Competitors may use our technologies in
	jurisdictions where we have not obtained patent protection to develop their own products and, further, may export otherwise infringing
	products to territories in which we have patent protection that may not be sufficient to terminate infringing activities. Furthermore,
	the laws of some foreign countries may not protect intellectual property rights to the same extent as the laws of the U.S., if
	at all.


	 


	In the event a competitor infringes upon one of our patents or other
	intellectual property rights, enforcing those patents and rights may be difficult and time consuming. Even if successful, litigation
	to defend our patents against challenges or to enforce our intellectual property rights could be expensive and time consuming and
	could divert management’s attention from managing our business. Moreover, we may not have sufficient resources to defend
	our patents against challenges or to enforce our intellectual property rights, any of which would adversely affect our ability
	to compete and our business operations as a result.


	 




	If our trademarks or trade names are not adequately protected,
	then we may be unable to build name recognition in our markets of interest and our business may be adversely affected.




	 


	Our registered or unregistered trademarks or trade names may be
	challenged, infringed, circumvented or declared generic or determined to infringe other marks. We may be unable to protect our
	rights to these trademarks and trade names, which we need to build name recognition by potential partners or customers in markets
	of interest. If our trademarks are challenged, infringed upon, circumvented, or declared generic or infringing, or if we are unable
	to establish name recognition based on our trademarks and trade names, then we may be unable to compete effectively and our business
	may be adversely affected.


	 




	The medical device industry is characterized by extensive
	patent litigation, and if we become subject to litigation, it could be costly, result in the diversion of management’s attention,
	require us to pay significant damages or royalty payments, or prevent us from marketing and selling our existing or future products.




	 


	The medical device industry is characterized by extensive litigation
	and administrative proceedings over patent and other intellectual property rights. Determining whether a product infringes a patent
	involves complex legal and factual issues, the determination of which is often uncertain. Our competitors may assert that their
	products, the components of those products, the methods of using those products, or the methods we employ in processing those products
	are covered by U.S. or foreign patents held by them. In addition, they may claim that their patents have priority over us because
	their patents were issued first. Because patent applications can take many years to issue, our products that currently do not infringe
	on existing issued patents may later infringe on patents that are pending now or in the future. Our products might also inadvertently
	infringe on currently issued patents. As the number of participants in the market for skin cancer and general oncology devices
	and treatments increases, the possibility of patent infringement claims against us increases. Any infringement claims, litigation
	or other proceedings would place a significant strain on our financial resources, divert the attention of management from the core
	business and harm our reputation.


	 





	29

	 





	 




	 


	A larger more established company could allege that we infringed
	its patent, and that we owe royalty payments on sales of certain products as a result. Any claim against us, even without merit,
	may cause us to incur substantial costs, and could place a significant strain on our financial resources, divert the attention
	of management from the core business and harm our reputation. If the appropriate authority upholds the company’s patent as
	valid and enforceable and finds that we infringed on the patent, we could be required to pay substantial damages, including treble,
	or triple, damages and royalties if an infringement is found to be willful, and we could be prevented from selling our products
	unless we obtain a license or are able to redesign our products to avoid infringement. A license may not be available on reasonable
	terms, if at all, and we may be unable to redesign products in a way that would not infringe those patents. If we fail to obtain
	any required licenses or make any necessary changes to our products or technologies, we may have to withdraw existing products
	from the market or may be unable to commercialize one or more of our products, either of which could have a significant adverse
	effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.


	 


	Any potential intellectual property litigation also could force
	us to do one or more of the following:


	 







	§




	stop selling, making, or using products that use the disputed intellectual
	property;










	§




	obtain a license from the intellectual property owner to continue
	selling, making, licensing, or using products, which license may require substantial royalty payments and may not be available
	on reasonable terms, or at all;










	§




	incur significant legal expenses;










	§




	pay substantial damages or royalties to the party whose intellectual
	property rights we may be found to be infringing;










	§




	pay the attorney fees and costs of litigation to the party whose intellectual
	property rights we may be found to be infringing; or










	§




	redesign those products that contain the allegedly infringing intellectual
	property, which could be costly, disruptive or infeasible.





	 


	Any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on our
	business, results of operations and financial condition.


	 


	We may indemnify our customers and international distributors with
	respect to infringement by our products of the proprietary rights of third parties. Third parties may assert infringement claims
	against customers or distributors. These claims may require us to initiate or defend protracted and costly litigation on behalf
	of customers or distributors, regardless of the merits of these claims. If any of these claims succeed, we may be forced to pay
	damages on behalf of customers or distributors or may be required to obtain licenses for the products they use, each which would
	adversely affect our operations. If we cannot obtain all necessary licenses on commercially reasonable terms, customers may be
	forced to stop using our products, which would materially and adversely affect our business.


	 




	We may be subject to damages resulting from claims that we,
	our employees or independent distributors have wrongfully used or disclosed alleged trade secrets of competitors or are in breach
	of non-competition or non-solicitation agreements with our competitors.




	 


	Many of our employees were previously employed at other medical
	device companies, including our competitors or potential competitors. Many of our independent distributors sell, or in the past
	have sold, products of competitors. We may be subject to claims that we, our employees or independent distributors have inadvertently
	or otherwise used or disclosed the trade secrets or other proprietary information of our competitors. In addition, we have been
	and may in the future be subject to claims that we caused an employee or independent distributor to break the terms of his or her
	non-competition agreement or non-solicitation agreement. Litigation may be necessary to defend against these claims. Even if we
	are successful in defending against these claims, litigation could result in substantial costs and be a distraction to management.
	If we fail in defending these claims, in addition to paying monetary damages, we may lose valuable intellectual property rights
	or personnel. A loss of key personnel or their work product could hamper or prevent our ability to commercialize products, which
	could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.


	 





	30

	 





	 






	 






	Adverse outcomes in litigation or similar proceedings could
	adversely impact our business.




	 


	We currently are, and may in the future be, named as a party to
	litigation or other similar legal proceedings. Adverse outcomes in any or all of these proceedings could result in monetary damages
	or injunctive relief that could adversely affect our ability to continue conducting our business. While our management does not
	believe any of the proceedings currently pending against us are material to our business such matters are subject to inherent uncertainties
	and management’s view of these matters may change in the future. If an unfavorable final outcome in any such matter becomes
	probable and reasonably estimable, our financial condition could be materially and adversely affected.


	 


	Risks Related to the Ownership of our Securities


	 




	Limited trading activity for shares of our common stock and
	warrants may contribute to price volatility.




	 


	While our common stock and warrants are listed and traded on the
	Nasdaq Capital Market, there has been limited trading activity in our securities. The average daily trading volume of our common
	stock since the shares began trading on July 26, 2016 through December 31, 2016 was approximately 2,000 shares. Due to the limited
	trading activity of our securities, relativity small trades may have a significant impact on the price of our securities.


	 




	With two exceptions, we have never declared or paid cash dividends
	on our common stock and do not anticipate paying dividends in the foreseeable future. As a result, you must rely on price appreciation
	of our common stock for a return on your investment in the foreseeable future. 




	 


	Except for a required tax distribution in 2014 in the aggregate
	amount of $45,421, and a one-time payment in the aggregate amount of approximately $2.6 million paid to former holders of our units
	with a preferred return in 2016, we have never declared or paid cash dividends on our common stock. We currently expect to retain
	our funds and future earnings to support the operation, growth and development of our business. We do not anticipate paying any
	cash dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future. As a result, a return on your investment in the near future will
	occur only if our share price appreciates. Our securities prices may not appreciate in value or maintain the prices at which you
	purchased our securities, and in either case, you may not realize a return on investment or could lose all or part of your investment
	in our securities.


	 


	Furthermore, any future determination to declare cash dividends
	will be made at the discretion of our board of directors and will be subject to compliance with applicable laws and covenants under
	any future credit facilities, which may restrict or limit our ability to pay dividends. For example, our current revolving line
	of credit restricts our ability to pay dividends or make any distributions or payments or redeem, retire or purchase any capital
	stock without the prior written consent of the lender, provided that we may pay dividends solely in common stock. Also, the form,
	frequency and amount of dividends will depend upon our future operations and earnings, capital requirements and surplus, general
	financial condition, contractual restrictions and other factors that the board of directors may deem relevant. We may not pay dividends
	as a result of any of the foregoing, and in these cases, you will need to rely on price appreciation of our common stock for a
	return on your investment.




	 






	The price of our securities may be volatile, and you could
	lose all or part of your investment. 




	 


	Stock markets have experienced extreme volatility that has often
	been unrelated to the operating performance of particular companies. These broad market fluctuations may adversely affect the trading
	price of our securities. In addition, limited trading volume of our securities may contribute to its future volatility. Price declines
	in our securities could result from general market and economic conditions, some of which are beyond our control, and a variety
	of other factors, including any of the risk factors described in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. These broad market and industry
	factors may harm the market price of our securities, regardless of our operating performance, and could cause you to lose all or
	part of your investment in our securities since you might be unable to sell your securities at or above the price you paid. Factors
	that could cause fluctuations in the market price of our securities include the following:


	 





	31

	 





	 




	 







	§




	price and volume fluctuations in the overall stock market from time
	to time;










	§




	volatility in the market prices and trading volumes of medical device
	company stocks;










	§




	changes in operating performance and stock market valuations of other
	medical device companies generally, or those in our industry in particular;










	§




	sales of our securities by us or our stockholders;










	§




	failure of securities analysts to initiate or maintain coverage of
	us, changes in financial estimates by securities analysts who follow our company, or our failure to meet these estimates or the
	expectations of investors;










	§




	the financial projections we may provide to the public, any changes
	in those projections or our failure to meet those projections;










	§




	rumors and market speculation involving us or other companies in our
	industry;










	§




	actual or anticipated changes in our results of operations or fluctuations
	in our results of operations;










	§




	actual or anticipated developments in our business, our competitors’
	businesses or the competitive landscape generally;










	§




	litigation involving us, our industry or both, or investigations by
	regulators into our operations or those of our competitors;










	§




	developments or disputes concerning our intellectual property or other
	proprietary rights;










	§




	announced or completed acquisitions of businesses or technologies
	by us or our competitors;










	§




	new laws or regulations or new interpretations of existing laws or
	regulations applicable to our business;










	§




	changes in accounting standards, policies, guidelines, interpretations
	or principles;










	§




	any significant change in our management; and










	§




	general economic conditions and slow or negative growth of our markets.





	 


	In addition, in the past, following periods of volatility in the
	overall market and the market price of a particular company’s securities, securities class action litigation has often been
	instituted against these companies. This litigation, if instituted against us, could result in substantial costs and a diversion
	of our management’s attention and resources.




	 






	We are both an “emerging growth company” and a
	“smaller reporting company” and the reduced reporting requirements applicable to emerging growth companies and smaller
	reporting companies may make our common stock less attractive to investors. 




	 


	We are an “emerging growth company,” as defined in the
	Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act. For as long as we continue to be an emerging growth company, we may take advantage of exemptions
	from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies but not to “emerging growth companies,”
	including, but not limited to:


	 







	§




	being permitted to provide only two years of audited financial statements,
	in addition to any required unaudited interim financial statements, with correspondingly reduced “Management’s Discussion
	and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” disclosure;





	 







	§




	not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements
	in the assessment of our internal control over financial reporting under Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act;





	 







	§




	not being required to comply with any requirement that may be adopted
	by the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board regarding mandatory audit firm rotation or a supplement to the auditor’s
	report providing additional information about the audit and the financial statements;





	 







	§




	reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in
	our periodic reports and proxy statements; and





	 





	32

	 





	 




	 







	§




	exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory
	vote on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved.





	 


	We will remain an emerging growth company until the earlier of (1)
	December 31, 2021, (2) the last day of the year in which (a) we have total annual gross revenue of at least $1 billion, or (b)
	in which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer, which means the market value of our common stock that is held by non-affiliates
	exceeds $700 million as of the prior June 30

	th

	, and (3) the date on which we have issued more than $1 billion in non-convertible
	debt during the prior three-year period. Investors may find our common stock less attractive if we choose to rely on these exemptions.
	If some investors find our common stock less attractive as a result of any choices to reduce future disclosure, there may be a
	less active trading market for our common stock and the price of our common stock may be more volatile.


	 


	Under the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act, emerging growth companies
	can also delay adopting new or revised accounting standards until such time as those standards apply to private companies. We have
	irrevocably elected not to avail ourselves of this exemption from new or revised accounting standards and, therefore, will be subject
	to the same new or revised accounting standards as other public companies that are not emerging growth companies.


	 


	We are a “smaller reporting company,”
	meaning that our outstanding common stock held by nonaffiliates had a value of less than


	$75 million at the end of our most
	recently completed second fiscal quarter. Thus, even if we are no longer an emerging growth company, as a smaller reporting company,
	we could take advantage of certain reduced governance and disclosure requirements, including not being required to comply with
	the auditor attestation requirements in the assessment of our internal control over financial reporting. As a


	result, investors
	and others may be less comfortable with the effectiveness of our internal controls and the risk that material


	weaknesses
	or other deficiencies in internal controls go undetected may increase. In addition, as a smaller reporting company, we take


	advantage of our ability to provide certain other less comprehensive disclosures in our SEC filings, including, among other
	things, providing only


	two years of audited financial statements in annual reports and simplified executive compensation
	disclosures. Consequently, it may be more


	challenging for investors to analyze our results of operations and financial prospects,
	as the information we provide to stockholders may be


	different from what one might receive from other public companies in
	which one hold 5 shares.




	 






	Our executive officers, directors and principal stockholders
	may exert control over us and may exercise influence over matters subject to stockholder approval. 




	 


	Our executive officers and directors, together with their respective
	affiliates, beneficially owned approximately 41% of our outstanding common stock as of December 31, 2016. Accordingly, these stockholders,
	if they act together, may exercise substantial influence over matters requiring stockholder approval, including the election of
	directors and approval of corporate transactions, such as a merger. This concentration of ownership could have the effect of delaying
	or preventing a change in control or otherwise discourage a potential acquirer from attempting to obtain control over us, which
	in turn could have a material adverse effect on the market value of our common stock.




	 






	If securities or industry analysts do not publish research
	or publish unfavorable or inaccurate research about our business, the price of our securities and trading volume could decline. 




	 


	The trading market for our securities will depend, in part, on the
	research and reports that securities or industry analysts publish about us or our business. We may be unable to attract or sustain
	coverage by well-regarded securities and industry analysts. If either none or only a limited number of securities or industry analysts
	cover us or our business, or if these securities or industry analysts are not widely respected within the general investment community,
	the trading price for our securities would be materially and negatively impacted. In the event we obtain securities or industry
	analyst coverage, if one or more of the analysts who cover us or our business downgrade our securities or publish inaccurate or
	unfavorable research about us or our business, the price of our securities would likely decline. If one or more of these analysts
	cease coverage of us or our business, or fail to publish reports on us or our business regularly, demand for our securities could
	decrease, which might cause the price of our securities and trading volume to decline.




	 







	33

	 





	 






	 






	Our certificate of incorporation, our bylaws and Delaware
	law contain provisions that could discourage another company from acquiring us and may prevent attempts by our stockholders to
	replace or remove our current management. 




	 


	Provisions of Delaware law (where we are incorporated), our certificate
	of incorporation and bylaws may discourage, delay or prevent a merger or acquisition that stockholders may consider favorable,
	including transactions in which you might otherwise receive a premium for your stock. In addition, these provisions may frustrate
	or prevent any attempts by our stockholders to replace or remove our current management by making it more difficult for stockholders
	to replace or remove our board of directors. These provisions include:


	 







	§




	authorizing the issuance of “blank check” preferred stock
	without any need for action by stockholders;










	§




	requiring supermajority stockholder voting to effect any merger or
	sale of all or substantially all of our stock our assets;










	§




	eliminating the ability of stockholders to call and bring business
	before special meetings of stockholders;










	§




	prohibiting stockholder action by written consent;










	§




	establishing advance notice requirements for nominations for election
	to the board of directors or for proposing matters that can be acted on by stockholders at stockholder meetings;










	§




	dividing our board of directors into three classes so that only one
	third of our directors will be up for election in any given year; and










	§




	providing that our directors may be removed only by the affirmative
	vote of at least 75% of our then-outstanding common stock and only for cause.





	 


	In addition, we are subject to Section 203 of the Delaware General
	Corporation Law, which may have an anti-takeover effect with respect to transactions not approved in advance by our board of directors,
	including discouraging takeover attempts that could have resulted in a premium over the market price for shares of our common stock.


	 


	These provisions will apply even if a takeover offer may be considered
	beneficial by some stockholders and could delay or prevent an acquisition that our board of directors determines is not in our
	and our stockholders’ best interests and could also affect the price that some investors are willing to pay for our common
	stock.


	 




	Our certificate of incorporation will provide that the Court
	of Chancery of the State of Delaware will be the exclusive forum for substantially all disputes between us and our stockholders,
	which could limit our stockholders’ ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us or our directors, officers
	or employees. 






	 




	Our certificate of incorporation provides that, unless we consent
	in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware is the exclusive forum for
	any derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf; any action asserting a breach of fiduciary duty; any action asserting
	a claim against us arising pursuant to the Delaware General Corporation Law, our certificate of incorporation or our bylaws; or
	any action asserting a claim against us that is governed by the internal affairs doctrine. This choice of forum provision may limit
	a stockholder’s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with us or our directors,
	officers or other employees, which may discourage these lawsuits against us and our directors, officers and other employees. If
	a court were to find the choice of forum provision contained in our certificate of incorporation to be inapplicable or unenforceable
	in an action, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving the action in other jurisdictions, which could harm our business
	and financial condition.


	 





	34

	 





	 






	 






	If we fail to maintain proper and effective internal controls,
	our ability to produce accurate and timely financial statements could be impaired and investors’ views of us or our business
	could be harmed, resulting in a decrease in value of our common stock. 






	 




	As a public company, we are required to maintain internal
	control over financial reporting and to report any material weaknesses in our internal controls. In addition, beginning with
	our annual report on Form 10-K for our year ending December 31, 2017 to be filed in 2018, we will be required to furnish a
	report by management on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting pursuant to Section 404 of the
	Sarbanes-Oxley Act. We are in the process of designing, implementing and testing the internal control over financial
	reporting required to comply with this obligation, which process is time-consuming, costly and complicated. In addition, our
	independent registered public accounting firm will be required to attest to the effectiveness of our internal control over
	financial reporting beginning with our annual report on Form 10-K following the date on which we are no longer an emerging
	growth company, which may be up to five full years following the date of our IPO, or we are no longer a smaller reporting
	company. Our compliance with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act will require us to incur substantial accounting expense
	and expend significant management efforts. If we are unable to comply with the requirements of Section 404 in a timely
	manner, or we or our independent registered public accounting firm identify deficiencies in our internal control over
	financial reporting that are deemed to be material weaknesses, the market price of our common stock could decline and we
	could be subject to sanctions or investigations by Nasdaq, the SEC or other regulatory authorities, which would require
	additional financial and management resources.


	 


	Our ability to implement our business plan successfully and comply
	with Section 404 requires us to be able to prepare timely and accurate financial statements. We expect that we will need to continue
	to improve existing, and implement new, operational and financial systems, procedures and controls to manage our business effectively.
	Any delay in the implementation of, or disruption in the transition to, new or enhanced systems, procedures or controls, may cause
	our operations to suffer and we may be unable to conclude that our internal control over financial reporting is effective and to
	obtain an unqualified report on internal controls from our auditors when required under Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act.
	Moreover, we may not implement and maintain adequate controls over our financial processes and reporting in the future. Even if
	we were to conclude, and, when required, our auditors were to concur, that our internal control over financial reporting provided
	reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
	purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, because of our inherent limitations, internal control over
	financial reporting may not prevent or detect fraud or misstatements or omissions.



	 










	Item 1B.


	UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS





	 



	None.



	 










	Item 2.


	PROPERTIES




	 


	Our corporate headquarters and principal office is located in Boca
	Raton, Florida. Our corporate headquarters and principal office occupies approximately 8,028 square feet of leased space. The lease
	was renewed on September 1, 2016 and will expire in September 2022. Our lease contains escalating rent clauses. Our rental expense
	in 2016 was approximately $101,000. We believe that our current facilities are suitable and adequate to meet our current needs
	and that suitable additional space will be available as and when needed on acceptable terms. Our manufacturing function is physically
	located at our third party manufacturer’s facility in Oak Ridge, Tennessee. We are planning to review the feasibility of
	bringing certain manufacturing functions in-house, which may require the purchase or lease of a manufacturing facility.



	 










	Item 3.


	LEGAL PROCEEDINGS




	 


	We are party to certain legal proceedings in the ordinary course
	of business. We assess, in conjunction with our legal counsel, the need to record a liability for litigation and related contingencies.
	Please refer to note 6 to the financial statements.



	 










	Item 4.


	MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURE




	 


	Not applicable.


	 





	35

	 







	 




	 






	PART II.


	 










	Item 5.


	MARKET FOR THE REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER
	MATTERS, AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES




	 



	Common Stock Market Prices



	 


	Our common stock trades on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol
	“SRTS.” We had a total of 111 stockholders of record as of February 28, 2017. The following table presents the range
	of high and low closing sales prices reported on the Nasdaq Capital Market.


	 






	 


	 


	2016


	 


	 


	2015


	 




	 


	 


	Fourth

	Quarter


	 


	 



	Third



	Quarter

	(1)




	 


	 


	Second

	Quarter


	 


	 


	First

	Quarter


	 


	 


	Fourth

	Quarter


	 


	 


	Third

	Quarter


	 


	 


	Second

	Quarter


	 


	 


	First

	Quarter


	 




	Common stock price:


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	High


	 


	$


	6.50


	 


	 


	$


	6.69


	 


	 


	$



	N/A



	 


	 


	$



	N/A



	 


	 


	$



	N/A



	 


	 


	$



	N/A



	 


	 


	$



	N/A



	 


	 


	$



	N/A



	 




	Low


	 


	 


	5.10


	 


	 


	 


	5.70


	 


	 


	 



	N/A



	 


	 


	 



	N/A



	 


	 


	 



	N/A



	 


	 


	 



	N/A



	 


	 


	 



	N/A



	 


	 


	 



	N/A



	 




	Close


	 


	 


	5.25


	 


	 


	 


	5.70


	 


	 


	 



	N/A



	 


	 


	 



	N/A



	 


	 


	 



	N/A



	 


	 


	 



	N/A



	 


	 


	 



	N/A



	 


	 


	 



	N/A



	 





	Cash dividends per share

	(2)




	 


	 


	0.00


	 


	 


	 


	0.00


	 


	 


	 


	0.00


	 


	 


	 


	0.00


	 


	 


	 


	0.00


	 


	 


	 


	0.00


	 


	 


	 


	0.00


	 


	 


	 


	0.00


	 






	 








	(1)



	On July 26, 2016, units sold in our IPO consisting of one
	share of common stock and one warrant to acquire one share of common stock separated into their component parts and began trading
	separately. The above table does not reflect prices of the Company’s units, which traded on the Nasdaq Capital Market under
	the symbol “SRTSU” prior to July 26, 2016.




	 







	(2)



	Excludes a one-time cash dividend paid to former holders
	of Sensus Healthcare, LLC units with a preferred return in the aggregate amount of approximately $2.6 million that was paid shortly
	after the closing of our IPO.




	 


	Dividends


	 


	We have not declared or paid any dividend on our common stock. Following
	the completion of our initial public offering, we paid a cash dividend of approximately $2.6 million to former holders of our limited
	liability company units with a preferred return. We anticipate that for the foreseeable future all earnings will be retained for
	use in our business and no cash dividends will be paid to stockholders. Any payment of cash dividends in the future on the Company’s
	common stock will be dependent upon our financial condition, results of operations, current and anticipated cash requirements,
	plans for expansion, as well as other factors that the Board of Directors deems relevant. Additionally, certain contractual agreements
	and provisions of Delaware law impose restrictions on our ability to pay dividends. For example, our current revolving line of
	credit restricts our ability to pay dividends or make any distributions or payments or redeem, retire or purchase any capital stock
	without the prior written consent of the lender, provided that we may pay dividends solely in common stock. Additionally, Section
	170(a) of the Delaware General Corporation Law (“DGCL”) only permits dividends to be declared out of two legally available
	sources: (1) out of surplus, or (2) if there is no surplus, out of net profits for the year in which the dividend is declared or
	the preceding year (so-called “nimble dividends”). However, dividends may not be declared out of net profits if “the
	capital of the corporation, computed in accordance with sections 154 and 244 of the DGCL, shall have been diminished by depreciation
	in the value of its property, or by losses, or otherwise, to an amount less than the aggregate amount of the capital represented
	by the issued and outstanding stock of all classes having a preference upon the distribution of assets. Contractual obligations
	and applicable law will restrict our ability to declare and pay dividends in the future.


	 


	Use of Proceeds from the Sale of Registered Securities


	 


	In June 2016, we completed an initial public offering, or IPO, of
	units consisting of one share of common stock and one warrant to purchase one share of common stock. In connection with the IPO,
	we issued 2,300,000 units of our common stock at a price of $5.50 per unit, including 300,000 units pursuant to the underwriters’
	full exercise of their over-allotment option for an aggregate offering price of $12.65 million. The offer and sale of all of the
	securities in the IPO were registered under the Securities Act pursuant to a registration statement on Form S-1, as amended (File
	No. 333-209451), which was declared effective by the SEC on June 2, 2016.


	 


	We received total net proceeds from the IPO of approximately $10.5
	million after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions of approximately $0.9 million and other offering expenses of approximately
	$1.4 million. We used approximately $2.6M for the payment of dividends to former preferred investors and approximately $0.5M in
	operating activities.


	 





	36

	 





	 




	 


	The remaining proceeds from the IPO have been invested in highly-liquid
	money market funds and debt securities with maturities of 18 months or less. There has been no material change in the planned use
	of proceeds from our IPO as described in our final prospectus filed with the SEC pursuant to Rule 424(b) under the Securities Act
	on June 2, 2016.



	 



	Unregistered Sales of Securities


	 


	There were no unregistered sales of securities during the year ended
	December 31, 2016.


	 


	Purchases of Equity Securities by the Registrant and Affiliated
	Purchasers


	 


	We did not repurchase any shares of our common stock during the
	year ended December 31, 2016.




	 











	Item 6.


	SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA





	 



	Not applicable.



	 










	Item 7.


	MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL
	CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS




	 


	You should read the following management’s discussion and
	analysis (“MD&A”) in conjunction with the information set forth within the financial statements and related notes
	included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The following information should provide a better understanding of the major factors
	and trends that affect our earnings performance and financial condition, and how our performance during 2016 compares with the
	prior year. Throughout this section, Sensus Healthcare, Inc. is referred to as “Company,” “we,” “us,”
	or “our.”



	 




	CAUTION CONCERNING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS



	 


	This Annual Report on Form 10-K, including this MD&A section,
	contains “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These
	forward-looking statements include, among others, statements about our beliefs, plans, objectives, goals, expectations, estimates
	and intentions that are subject to significant risks and uncertainties and are subject to change based on various factors, many
	of which are beyond our control. The words “may,” “could,” “should,” “would,” “believe,”
	“anticipate,” “estimate,” “expect,” “intend,” “plan,” “target,”
	“goal,” and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements.


	 


	All forward-looking statements, by their nature, are subject to
	risks and uncertainties. Our actual future results may differ materially from those set forth in our forward-looking statements.
	Please see the Introductory Note and

	Item 1A Risk Factors

	of this Annual Report for a discussion of factors that could cause
	our actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements.


	 


	However, other factors besides those listed in

	Item 1A Risk Factors

	or discussed in this Annual Report also could adversely affect our results, and you should not consider any such list of factors
	to be a complete set of all potential risks or uncertainties. Any forward-looking statements made by us or on our behalf speak
	only as of the date they are made. We do not undertake to update any forward-looking statement, except as required by applicable
	law.


	 


	Components of our results of operations




	 




	We manage our business globally within one reportable segment, which
	is consistent with how our management reviews our business, prioritizes investment and resource allocation decisions and assesses
	operating performance.


	 


	Revenue




	 




	Our sales primarily relate to sales of our devices. We recognize
	product revenue upon shipment provided that there is persuasive evidence of an arrangement, there are no uncertainties regarding
	customer acceptance, the sales price is fixed and determinable, and collection of the resulting receivable is reasonably assured.
	We do not provide a right of return related to product sales. Revenues for service contracts are recognized over the service contract
	period on a straight-line basis. Revenue for rentals of equipment is recognized over the lease term on a straight-line basis.


	 





	37

	 





	 




	 


	We sell products and services under multiple-element arrangements
	with separate units of accounting; in these situations, total consideration is allocated to the identified units of accounting
	based on their relative selling prices and revenue is then recognized for each unit based on its specific characteristics. A deliverable
	in an arrangement qualifies as a separate unit of accounting if the delivered item has value to the customer on a stand-alone basis.
	The principal deliverables in our multiple deliverable arrangements that qualify as separate units of accounting consist of (i)
	sales of medical devices and accessories and (ii) service contracts. Performance obligations, including installation and customer
	training, are considered inconsequential and are combined with the product as one unit of accounting. Selling prices are established
	using vendor-specific objective evidence (“VSOE”). If VSOE does not exist, we use our best estimate of the selling
	prices for the deliverables.


	 


	We operate in a highly regulatory environment and are continually
	entering into new markets in which state or foreign approval is sometimes required prior to the customer being able to use the
	product. In these cases, where regulatory approval is pending, revenue is deferred until such time regulatory approval is obtained
	and customer acceptance becomes certain.


	 


	Deferred revenue consists of payments from customers for separately
	priced service contracts, sales pending regulatory approval and deposits on products.


	 


	We provide warranties, generally one year, in conjunction with the
	sale of our product. These warranties are short term in nature and entitle the customer to repair, replacement, or modification
	of a defective product subject to the terms of the respective warranty. We record an estimate of future warranty claims at the
	time we recognize revenue from the sale of the product based upon management’s estimate of the future claims rate.


	 


	Shipping and handling costs are expensed as incurred and are included
	in cost of sales.


	 


	Cost of sales




	 




	Since 2010, we have used a third party manufacturer for the production
	and manufacture of our main products, the SRT-100 product line, in accordance with our product specifications. Cost of sales consists
	primarily of direct material, direct labor, overhead, depreciation and amortization. A significant portion of our cost of sales
	consists of costs paid to our third party manufacturer.


	 


	Gross profit




	 




	We calculate gross profit as net revenue less cost of sales. Our
	gross profit has been and will continue to be affected by a variety of factors, including average selling price, manufacturing
	costs, production volumes, product reliability and the implementation over time of cost-reduction strategies. Our gross profit
	may fluctuate from quarter to quarter.


	  


	Selling and marketing




	 




	We focus on two primary markets - private dermatology practices
	and radiation oncologists in both private and hospital settings. We currently employ a multi-tier sales strategy in an attempt
	to optimize geographic coverage and focus on what we perceive to be our key markets. This multi-tier sales model uses a direct
	salesforce and international dealers and distributors. We expect the amount of our sales and marketing expense to increase as we
	continue to expand our sales force and marketing activities.


	 


	General and administrative




	 




	General and administrative expense, or G&A, consists primarily
	of salaries, employee benefits, bonuses, and related costs for personnel who support our general operations such as executive management,
	finance, accounting and administrative functions, as well as legal and other professional fees, director and officer insurance
	and other public company expenses.


	 





	38

	 





	 




	 


	Research and development


	 


	Research and development costs relate to products under development
	by us and quality and regulatory costs and are expensed as incurred. We expect the amount of our research and development, or R&D,
	expense to increase as we continue to innovate and introduce new products and technologies.




	 




	Other income (expense)


	 


	Other income (expense) primarily consists of interest earned on
	cash balances and investments less interest payments made pursuant to our secured credit facility with Silicon Valley Bank. Our
	interest expense will fluctuate in future periods to the extent we incur additional, or pay down, indebtedness.


	 


	Income taxes




	 




	Until December 31, 2015, the Company was a limited liability corporation
	(LLC) that had elected to be taxed as a pass-through entity and accordingly, we did not recognize a federal or state income tax
	provision. Beginning in 2016, as a result of the conversion from an LLC to a Delaware corporation, income tax (benefit) expense
	consists of income taxes in jurisdictions in which we conduct business. We are taxed at the rates applicable within each jurisdiction
	in which we operate or generate revenue. The composite income tax rate, tax provisions, deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities
	will vary according to the jurisdiction in which profits arise. Tax laws are complex and subject to different interpretations by
	management and the respective governmental taxing authorities, and require us to exercise judgment in determining our income tax
	provision, our deferred tax assets and liabilities and the valuation allowance recorded against our net deferred tax assets. Deferred
	tax assets and liabilities are determined using the enacted tax rates in effect for the years in which those tax assets are expected
	to be realized. A valuation allowance is established when it is more likely than not that the future realization of all or some
	of the deferred tax assets will not be achieved.


	 


	Inflation


	 


	Inflation has not had a material impact on net sales, revenues or
	income from continuing operations for our two most recent years as a result of historically low levels of inflation.


	 


	Significant trends and uncertainties impacting our business




	 




	Many third party payors follow coverage decisions and payment amounts
	determined by the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, or CMS, which administers the U.S. Medicare program, in setting their
	coverage and reimbursement policies. Effective January 1, 2015 and 2016, the total reimbursement for an episode of care remained
	similar to the reimbursement in prior years.


	 




	Results of Operations


	 






	 


	 


	For the Years Ended December 31,


	 




	 


	 


	2016


	 


	 


	2015


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Revenues


	 


	$


	14,811,175


	 


	 


	$


	10,273,094


	 




	Cost of Sales


	 


	 


	4,965,372


	 


	 


	 


	3,692,829


	 




	Gross Profit


	 


	 


	9,845,803


	 


	 


	 


	6,580,265


	 




	Operating Expenses


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Selling and marketing


	 


	 


	4,915,440


	 


	 


	 


	3,748,391


	 




	General and administrative


	 


	 


	3,469,332


	 


	 


	 


	1,586,403


	 




	Research and development


	 


	 


	1,824,150


	 


	 


	 


	1,466,728


	 




	Total Operating Expenses


	 


	 


	10,208,922


	 


	 


	 


	6,801,522


	 




	Loss From Operations


	 


	 


	(363,119


	)


	 


	 


	(221,257


	)




	Other Income (Expense)


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Interest income


	 


	 


	38,538


	 


	 


	 


	1,776


	 




	Interest expense


	 


	 


	(21,867


	)


	 


	 


	(17,786


	)




	Other Income (Expense), net


	 


	 


	16,671


	 


	 


	 


	(16,010


	)




	Loss Before Income Taxes


	 


	 


	(346,448


	)


	 


	 


	(237,267


	)




	Provision for income taxes


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 




	Net Loss


	 


	$


	(346,448


	)


	 


	$


	(237,267


	)





	 





	39

	 





	 




	 


	Year ended December 31, 2016 compared to the year ended December
	31, 2015




	 






	Total revenue.


	  Total revenue was $14,811,175
	for the year ended December 31, 2016 compared to $10,273,094 for the year ended December 31, 2015, an increase of $4,538,081, or
	44.2%. The growth in revenue was attributable to an increase in the volume of systems sold as well as a higher percentage of sales
	of the higher priced SRT-100 Vision product in the current year, which has a higher average selling price.


	 




	Total cost of sales.


	 Cost of sales was $4,965,372
	for the year ended December 31, 2016 compared to $3,692,829 for the year ended December 31, 2015, an increase of $1,272,543, or
	34.5%. The increase in cost was due to a greater number of systems sold during the year ended December 31, 2016 compared to the
	corresponding period in 2015.


	 




	Gross profit.


	  Gross profit was $9,845,803
	for the year ended December 31, 2016 compared to $6,580,265 for the year ended December 31, 2015, an increase of $3,265,538 or
	49.6%, for the reasons discussed above. Our overall gross profit margin was 66.5% in the year ended December 31, 2016 compared
	to 64.1% in the corresponding period in 2015 due to increased sales of the higher margin Vision product.


	 




	Selling and marketing.


	  Selling and marketing
	expense was $4,915,440 for the year ended December 31, 2016 compared to $3,748,391 for the year ended December 31, 2015, an increase
	of $1,167,049 or 31.1%. The increase was primarily attributable to an increase in sales personnel as well as increased advertising
	and other marketing expenses. Selling and marketing expense is expected to increase in 2017 as we continue to increase the size
	of our direct sales force.


	 




	General and administrative.


	  General and
	administrative expense was $3,469,332 for the year ended December 31, 2016 compared to $1,586,403 for the year ended December 31,
	2015, an increase of $1,882,929, or 118.7%. The increase was due primarily to stock compensation, director and officer insurance
	and other public company expenses incurred in 2016 following our IPO.


	 




	Research and development.


	  Research and development
	expense was $1,824,150 for the year ended December 31, 2016 compared to $1,466,728 for the year ended December 31, 2015, an increase
	of $357,422, or 24.4%. The increase in research and development spending was primarily attributable to new research projects that
	began in the fourth quarter of 2016 and are expected to continue throughout 2017.


	 




	Other income (expense). 


	We incur interest expense
	in connection with our secured credit facility with Silicon Valley Bank and interest income from our investment in held-to-maturity
	securities.




	 






	Income taxes. 


	Prior to 2016, we were a limited
	liability company taxed as a partnership and therefore did not incur income tax expense. Effective January 1, 2016, as a c-Corporation
	we are subject to corporate income taxes, although we do not expect to have taxable income for the year ended December 31, 2016.


	 


	Financial Condition


	 


	Our cash, cash equivalent and investment balance increased from
	$5,065,068 at December 31, 2015 to $12,608,619 at December 31, 2016, primarily as a result of the IPO completed in June 2016.


	 


	Borrowings under the revolving line of credit, $422,702 as of December
	31, 2015, were repaid during the year ended December 31, 2016. The unused line of credit was $2.0 million at December 31, 2016.


	 





	40

	 






	 




	 




	Liquidity and Capital Resources


	 


	Overview




	 




	Our liquidity position and capital requirements may be impacted
	by a number of factors, including the following:


	 







	§




	our
	ability to generate and increase revenue;










	§




	fluctuations in gross margins, operating expenses and net results;
	and










	§




	fluctuations in working capital.





	 


	 


	Our primary short-term capital needs, which are subject to change,
	include expenditures related to:


	 







	·




	expansion of our sales and marketing activities;










	·




	expansion of our research and development activities;










	·




	payment of accumulated dividends to our former preferred stockholders.





	 


	We regularly evaluate our cash requirements for current operations,
	commitments, capital requirements and business development transactions, and we may elect to raise additional funds for these purposes
	in the future. As of December 31, 2016, we had approximately $11.5 million in cash, cash equivalents and short-term corporate bonds
	as well as a $3.0 million line of credit which serve as a source of liquidity for our cash needs.




	 




	Cash flows




	 




	The following table provides a summary of our cash flows for the
	periods indicated:


	 






	 


	 


	For the Years Ended December 31,


	 




	 


	 


	2016


	 


	 


	2015


	 




	Net Cash Provided by (Used In):


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Operating Activities


	 


	$


	(851,024


	)


	 


	$


	(1,339,343


	)




	Investing Activities


	 


	 


	(7,852,140


	)


	 


	 


	(196,190


	)




	Financing Activities


	 


	 


	8,680,573


	 


	 


	 


	2,061,888


	 




	Total


	 


	$


	(22,591


	)


	 


	$


	526,355


	 





	 


	Cash flows from operating activities




	 




	Net cash used in operating activities was $851,024 for the year
	ended December 31, 2016, consisting of a net loss of $346,448 and an increase in net operating assets of $1,601,413, offset by
	non-cash charges of $1,096,837. The increase in net operating assets was primarily due to the increase in sales resulting in an
	increase in accounts receivable as well as an increase in inventory and prepaid expenses and an increase in account payable and
	accrued expenses. Non-cash charges consisted primarily of stock compensation expense and depreciation and amortization. Net cash
	used in operating activities was $1,339,343 for the year ended December 31, 2015, was primarily due to the net loss $237,267, the
	increase in accounts receivable for $1,663,980, less an increase in accounts payable for $1,226,425.




	 




	Cash flows from investing activities




	 




	Net cash used in investing activities was $7,852,140 due to the
	purchase of debt securities held-to-maturity for $7,566,142 and $285,998 for acquisition of property and equipment during the year
	ended December 31, 2016. Cash was used in investing activities for $196,190 for the year ended December 31, 2015 for acquisition
	of property and equipment.




	 







	41

	 





	 






	 




	Cash flows from financing activities




	 




	Net cash provided by financing activities was $8,680,573 during
	the year ended December 31, 2016, of which $10,523,440 was the net proceeds of the IPO, $1,132,538 from the exercise of warrants,
	less $2,552,701 used for the payment of dividends to former preferred investors and $422,702 used for the repayment of outstanding
	borrowing under the line of credit. Net cash provided by financing activities was $2,061,888 during the year ended December 31,
	2015 mostly from issuance of common stock in a private placement.




	 




	Indebtedness




	 




	On March 12, 2013, we entered into a two-year $3.0 million revolving
	credit facility with Silicon Valley Bank. The credit facility was amended and extended effective March 12, 2015 through May 12,
	2017. The maximum borrowing was reduced to $1.5 million and was limited by our eligible borrowing base of 80% of eligible accounts
	receivable. On September 21, 2016, a second amendment to the credit facility extended the facility through September 21, 2017,
	increased the maximum borrowing to $2.0 million and expanded the eligible accounts receivables to include certain international
	receivables.


	 


	Interest, at Prime plus 0.75% (4.50% at December 31, 2016), is payable
	monthly with outstanding principal and interest due on the maturity date. The facility is secured by all of our assets and limits
	the amount of additional indebtedness, restricts the sale, disposition or transfer of assets of the Company and requires the maintenance
	of a certain monthly adjusted quick ratio restrictive covenant and minimum quarterly EBITDA restrictive covenant, as defined in
	the agreement. Approximately $423,000 was outstanding under the revolving credit facility at December 31, 2015 and $0 at December
	31, 2016. We pay commitment fees of 0.25% per annum on the average unused portion of the line of credit.


	 


	Contractual Obligations and Commitments	


	 


	Our only long-term contractual commitment is the lease of our office
	space in Boca Raton, Florida. In July 2016, we renewed our lease and expanded our office space from 4,551 to 8,028 square feet.
	The lease expires in September 2022 and lease payments increase by 3% annually. Future minimum lease payments as of December 31,
	2016 are as follows:


	 






	Year


	 


	Minimum Lease

	Payment


	 




	2017


	 


	 


	184,000


	 




	2018


	 


	 


	190,000


	 




	2019


	 


	 


	196,000


	 




	2020


	 


	 


	202,000


	 




	2021


	 


	 


	208,000


	 




	Thereafter


	 


	 


	160,000


	 




	Total


	 


	$


	1,140,000


	 





	 


	Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements


	 


	We did not have during the periods presented, and do not currently
	have, any off-balance sheet arrangements.



	 



	Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates



	 



	Our discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results
	of operations are based on our financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting
	principles in the U.S., or GAAP. We have identified certain accounting policies as critical to understanding our financial condition
	and results of our operations. For a detailed discussion on the application of these and other accounting policies, see the notes
	to our financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K.


	 





	42

	 





	 




	 


	JOBS Act


	 


	We qualify as an “emerging growth company” pursuant
	to the provisions of the JOBS Act. For as long as we are an “emerging growth company,” we may take advantage of certain
	exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not “emerging growth
	companies,” including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section
	404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy
	statements, reduced disclosure obligations relating to the presentation of financial statements in Management’s Discussion
	and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, exemptions from the requirements of holding advisory “say-on-pay”
	votes on executive compensation and stockholder advisory votes on golden parachute compensation. We have availed ourselves of the
	reduced reporting obligations and executive compensation disclosure in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and expect to continue
	to avail ourselves of the reduced reporting obligations available to emerging growth companies in future filings.


	 


	In addition, an emerging growth company can delay its adoption of
	certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. However, we have chosen to “opt
	out” of such extended transition period, and as a result, we plan to comply with any new or revised accounting standards
	on the relevant dates on which non-emerging growth companies must adopt such standards. Section 107 of the JOBS Act provides that
	our decision to opt out of the extended transition period for complying with new or revised accounting standards is irrevocable.




	 










	Item 7A.


	QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURE ABOUT MARKET RISK





	 



	Not applicable.




	 











	Item 8.


	FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA




	 




	FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF SENSUS HEALTHCARE,
	INC.


	CONTENTS


	 







	Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm





	 


	 



	44







	Financial Statements




	 


	 


	 






	Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2016 and 2015




	 


	 



	45







	Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2016 and 2015




	 


	 



	46







	Statements of Stockholders’ Equity for the years ended December 31, 2016 and 2015




	 


	 



	47







	Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2016 and 2015




	 


	 



	48








	Notes to financial statements





	 


	 



	49






	 





	43

	 





	 




	 






	REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC
	ACCOUNTING FIRM






	 



	 




	To
	the Audit Committee of the




	Board
	of Directors and Stockholders




	of
	Sensus Healthcare, Inc.




	 




	We
	have audited the accompanying balance sheets of Sensus Healthcare, Inc. (the “Company”) as of December 31, 2016 and
	2015, and the related statements of operations, changes in stockholders’ equity and cash flows for the years then ended.
	These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company’s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion
	on these financial statements based on our audit.




	We
	conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards
	require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material
	misstatement. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial
	reporting. Our audit included consideration of internal control over financial reporting as a basis for designing audit procedures
	that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company’s
	internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. An audit also includes examining, on a test
	basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements, assessing the accounting principles used and
	significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that
	our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.




	In
	our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Sensus
	Healthcare, Inc., as of December 31, 2016 and 2015, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the years then ended
	in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.




	 /s/
	Marcum LLP




	West
	Palm Beach, FL




	March
	10, 2017

	 




	 





	44

	 






	 




	 







	SENSUS HEALTHCARE, INC.

	BALANCE SHEETS



	 




	 


	 


	As of December 31,


	 




	 


	 


	2016


	 


	 


	2015


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Assets


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Current Assets


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Cash and cash equivalents


	 


	$


	5,042,477


	 


	 


	$


	5,065,068


	 




	Accounts receivable, net


	 


	 


	3,098,635


	 


	 


	 


	2,071,572


	 




	Inventories


	 


	 


	1,254,915


	 


	 


	 


	998,861


	 




	Investment in debt securities


	 


	 


	6,462,369


	 


	 


	 


	—


	 




	Prepaids and other current assets


	 


	 


	900,722


	 


	 


	 


	432,787


	 




	Total Current Assets


	 


	 


	16,759,118


	 


	 


	 


	8,568,288


	 




	Property and Equipment, Net


	 


	 


	433,408


	 


	 


	 


	320,699


	 




	Patent Rights, Net


	 


	 


	626,509


	 


	 


	 


	722,895


	 




	Investment in Debt Securities


	 


	 


	1,103,773


	 


	 


	 


	—


	 




	Deposits


	 


	 


	24,272


	 


	 


	 


	24,272


	 




	Total Assets


	 


	$


	18,947,080


	 


	 


	$


	9,636,154


	 




	Liabilities and Stockholders’ Equity


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Current Liabilities


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Accounts payable and accrued expenses


	 


	$


	2,762,371


	 


	 


	$


	2,307,465


	 




	Product warranties


	 


	 


	40,481


	 


	 


	 


	48,363


	 




	Revolving credit facility


	 


	 


	—


	 


	 


	 


	422,702


	 




	Deferred revenue, current portion


	 


	 


	853,798


	 


	 


	 


	890,234


	 




	Total Current Liabilities


	 


	 


	3,656,650


	 


	 


	 


	3,668,764


	 




	Deferred Revenue, Net of Current Portion


	 


	 


	16,251


	 


	 


	 


	45,786


	 




	Total Liabilities


	 


	 


	3,672,901


	 


	 


	 


	3,714,550


	 




	Commitments and Contingencies


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Stockholders’ Equity


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Preferred stock, 5,000,000 shares authorized and none issued and outstanding.


	 


	 


	—


	 


	 


	 


	—


	 




	Common stock, $0.01 par value – 50,000,000 authorized and 13,546,171 and 10,367,883 issued and outstanding at December 31, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively.


	 


	 


	135,461


	 


	 


	 


	103,678


	 




	Additional paid-in capital


	 


	 


	22,930,975


	 


	 


	 


	13,263,735


	 




	Accumulated deficit


	 


	 


	(7,792,257


	)


	 


	 


	(7,445,809


	)




	Total Stockholders’ Equity


	 


	 


	15,274,179


	 


	 


	 


	5,921,604


	 




	Total Liabilities and Stockholders’ Equity


	 


	$


	18,947,080


	 


	 


	$


	9,636,154


	 





	 


	See accompanying notes to the financial statements.


	 





	45

	 





	 





	 








	SENSUS HEALTHCARE, INC.

	STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS




	 





	 


	 


	For the Years Ended December 31,


	 




	 


	 


	2016


	 


	 


	2015


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Revenues


	 


	$


	14,811,175


	 


	 


	$


	10,273,094


	 




	Cost of Sales


	 


	 


	4,965,372


	 


	 


	 


	3,692,829


	 




	Gross Profit


	 


	 


	9,845,803


	 


	 


	 


	6,580,265


	 




	Operating Expenses


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Selling and marketing


	 


	 


	4,915,440


	 


	 


	 


	3,748,391


	 




	General and administrative


	 


	 


	3,469,332


	 


	 


	 


	1,586,403


	 




	Research and development


	 


	 


	1,824,150


	 


	 


	 


	1,466,728


	 




	Total Operating Expenses


	 


	 


	10,208,922


	 


	 


	 


	6,801,522


	 




	Loss From Operations


	 


	 


	(363,119


	)


	 


	 


	(221,257


	)




	Other Income (Expense)


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Interest income


	 


	 


	38,538


	 


	 


	 


	1,776


	 




	Interest expense


	 


	 


	(21,867


	)


	 


	 


	(17,786


	)




	Other Income (Expense), net


	 


	 


	16,671


	 


	 


	 


	(16,010


	)




	Loss Before Income Taxes


	 


	 


	(346,448


	)


	 


	 


	(237,267


	)




	Provision for income taxes


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 




	Net Loss


	 


	$


	(346,448


	)


	 


	$


	(237,267


	)




	Preferential distribution


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	(513,332


	)




	Net Loss Attributable to Common Stockholders


	 


	$


	(346,448


	)


	 


	$


	(750,599


	)




	Net Loss Attributable to Common Stockholders per share – basic and diluted


	 


	$


	(0.03


	)


	 


	$


	(0.08


	)




	Weighted average number of shares used in computing net loss per share – basic and diluted


	 


	 


	12,028,435


	 


	 


	 


	9,885,218


	 





	 


	See accompanying notes to the financial statements.


	 





	46

	 





	 





	 








	SENSUS HEALTHCARE, INC.

	STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS’ EQUITY




	 




	FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2016 AND
	2015



	 






	 


	 


	Common Stock


	 


	 


	Additional


	 


	 


	Accumulated


	 


	 


	 


	 




	 


	 


	Shares


	 


	 


	Amount


	 


	 


	Paid-In Capital


	 


	 


	Deficit


	 


	 


	Total


	 




	December 31, 2014


	 


	 


	9,879,870


	 


	 


	$


	98,798


	 


	 


	$


	11,247,952


	 


	 


	$


	(7,208,542


	)


	 


	$


	4,138,208


	 




	Stock based compensation


	 


	 


	—


	 


	 


	 


	—


	 


	 


	 


	6,477


	 


	 


	 


	—


	 


	 


	 


	6,477


	 





	Issuance of common stock for cash, net


	of offering costs



	 


	 


	488,013


	 


	 


	 


	4,880


	 


	 


	 


	2,009,306


	 


	 


	 


	—


	 


	 


	 


	2,014,186


	 




	Net loss


	 


	 


	—


	 


	 


	 


	—


	 


	 


	 


	—


	 


	 


	 


	(237,267


	)


	 


	 


	(237,267


	)




	December 31, 2015


	 


	 


	10,367,883


	 


	 


	$


	103,678


	 


	 


	$


	13,263,735


	 


	 


	$


	(7,445,809


	)


	 


	$


	5,921,604


	 




	Stock based compensation


	 


	 


	307,666


	 


	 


	 


	3,077


	 


	 


	 


	723,300


	 


	 


	 


	—


	 


	 


	 


	726,377


	 





	Initial public offering of units, net


	of offering costs



	 


	 


	2,300,000


	 


	 


	 


	23,000


	 


	 


	 


	10,369,809


	 


	 


	 


	—


	 


	 


	 


	10,392,809


	 




	Exercise of warrants and options


	 


	 


	547,484


	 


	 


	 


	5,475


	 


	 


	 


	1,127,063


	 


	 


	 


	—


	 


	 


	 


	1,132,538


	 




	Preferred dividend


	 


	 


	23,138


	 


	 


	 


	231


	 


	 


	 


	(2,552,932


	)


	 


	 


	—


	 


	 


	 


	(2,552,701


	)




	Net loss


	 


	 


	—


	 


	 


	 


	—


	 


	 


	 


	—


	 


	 


	 


	(346,448


	)


	 


	 


	(346,448


	)




	December 31, 2016


	 


	 


	13,546,171


	 


	 


	$


	135,461


	 


	 


	$


	22,930,975


	 


	 


	$


	(7,792,257


	)


	 


	$


	15,274,179


	 







	 


	See accompanying notes to the financial statements.


	 





	47

	 





	 





	 








	SENSUS HEALTHCARE, INC.

	STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS




	 





	 


	 


	For the Year Ended December 31,


	 




	 


	 


	2016


	 


	 


	2015


	 




	Cash Flows From Operating Activities


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Net loss


	 


	$


	(346,448


	)


	 


	$


	(237,267


	)




	Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash and cash equivalents used in operating activities:


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Depreciation and amortization


	 


	 


	337,583


	 


	 


	 


	315,599


	 




	Provision for product warranties


	 


	 


	32,877


	 


	 


	 


	34,500


	 




	Stock based compensation


	 


	 


	726,377


	 


	 


	 


	6,477


	 




	(Increase) decrease in:


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Accounts receivable


	 


	 


	(1,027,063


	)


	 


	 


	(1,663,980


	)




	Inventories


	 


	 


	(323,962


	)


	 


	 


	(288,391


	)




	Prepaids and other current assets


	 


	 


	(777,614


	)


	 


	 


	(334,095


	)




	Increase (decrease) in:


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Accounts payable and accrued expenses


	 


	 


	633,956


	 


	 


	 


	1,226,425


	 




	Deferred revenue


	 


	 


	(65,971


	)


	 


	 


	(364,860


	)




	Product warranties


	 


	 


	(40,759


	)


	 


	 


	(33,751


	)




	Total Adjustments


	 


	 


	(504,576


	)


	 


	 


	(1,102,076


	)




	Net Cash Used In Operating Activities


	 


	 


	(851,024


	)


	 


	 


	(1,339,343


	)




	Cash Flows from Investing Activities


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Acquisition of property and equipment


	 


	$


	(285,998


	)


	 


	$


	(196,190


	)




	Investment in debt securities - held to maturity


	 


	 


	(7,865,675


	)


	 


	 


	—


	 




	Investments matured during the year


	 


	 


	299,533


	 


	 




	—


	 




	Net Cash Used In Investing Activities


	 


	 


	(7,852,140


	)


	 


	 


	(196,190


	)




	Cash Flows from Financing Activities


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Offering of shares


	 


	$


	12,650,000


	 


	 


	$


	2,200,000


	 




	Revolving credit facility, net


	 


	 


	(422,702


	)


	 


	 


	47,702


	 




	Exercise of warrants and options


	 


	 


	1,132,538


	 


	 


	 


	—


	 




	Offering costs


	 


	 


	(2,126,562


	)


	 


	 


	(185,814


	)




	Cash dividends on preferred stock


	 


	 


	(2,552,701


	)


	 


	 


	—


	 




	Net Cash Provided By Financing Activities


	 


	 


	8,680,573


	 


	 


	 


	2,061,888


	 




	Net Decrease in Cash and Cash Equivalents


	 


	 


	(22,591


	)


	 


	 


	526,355


	 




	Cash and Cash Equivalents – Beginning


	 


	 


	5,065,068


	 


	 


	 


	4,538,713


	 




	Cash and Cash Equivalents – Ending


	 


	$


	5,042,477


	 


	 


	$


	5,065,068


	 




	Supplemental Disclosure of Cash Flow Information


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Interest Paid


	 


	$


	23,773


	 


	 


	$


	17,814


	 




	Non Cash Investing and Financing Activities


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Reclassification of prepaid offering costs to APIC


	 


	 


	130,629


	 


	 


	 


	—


	 




	Transfer of inventory units to property and equipment


	 


	$


	67,908


	 


	 


	$


	83,224


	 





	 


	See accompanying notes to the financial statements.



	 






	48

	 





	 





	 






	SENSUS HEALTHCARE, INC.



	NOTES TO THE CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS





	 






	Note 1 — Organization
	and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies







	 








	Description of the
	Business





	 


	Sensus Healthcare, Inc. (the “Company”) is a manufacturer
	of superficial radiation therapy devices and has established a distribution and marketing network to sell the devices to healthcare
	providers globally. The Company was organized on May 7, 2010 as a limited liability corporation. On January 1, 2016, the Company
	completed a corporate conversion pursuant to which Sensus Healthcare, Inc. succeeded to the business of Sensus Healthcare, LLC.
	The Company operates as one segment from its corporate headquarters located in Boca Raton, Florida.





	 








	Initial Public Offering





	 


	In June 2016, the Company issued 2,300,000 units in its initial
	public offering (“IPO”) at a price of $5.50 per unit ($5.25 attributable to the common stock and $0.25 attributable
	to the warrant), for net proceeds of approximately $10,525,000 after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions of $886,000
	and expenses of $1,371,000. Each unit consisted of one share of common stock and a warrant to purchase one share of common stock.
	Immediately prior to the IPO, all shares of stock then outstanding converted into an aggregate of 10,367,883 shares of common stock
	following a 241.95-for-one forward stock split approved by the Company’s board of directors. On July 25, 2016, the common
	stock and warrants included in the units issued in the IPO commenced trading separately under the symbols “SRTS” and
	“SRTSW,” respectively, and trading of the units under the symbol “SRTSU” was suspended.





	 








	Use of Estimates





	 


	The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting
	principles generally accepted in the United States requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported
	amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and
	the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Significant estimates to which it is reasonably possible
	that a change could occur in the near term include, revenue recognition, inventory reserves, receivable allowances, recoverability
	of long lived assets and estimation of the Company’s product warranties. Actual results could differ from those estimates.





	 








	Revenue Recognition





	 


	The Company’s sales primarily relate to sales of the Company’s
	devices. The Company recognizes product revenue upon shipment provided that there is persuasive evidence of an arrangement, there
	are no uncertainties regarding customer acceptance, the sales price is fixed and determinable, and collection of the resulting
	receivable is reasonably assured. The Company does not provide a right of return related to product sales. Revenues for service
	contracts are recognized over the service contract period on a straight-line basis. Revenue for rentals of equipment is recognized
	over the lease term on a straight-line basis.


	 


	The Company sells products and services under multiple-element arrangements
	with separate units of accounting; in these situations, total consideration is allocated to the identified units of accounting
	based on their relative selling prices and revenue is then recognized for each unit based on its specific characteristics. A deliverable
	in an arrangement qualifies as a separate unit of accounting if the delivered item has value to the customer on a stand-alone basis.
	The principal deliverables in our multiple deliverable arrangements that qualify as separate units of accounting consist of (i)
	sales of medical devices and accessories and (ii) service contracts. Performance obligations, including installation and customer
	training, are considered inconsequential and are combined with the product as one unit of accounting. Selling prices are established
	using vendor-specific objective evidence (VSOE).


	 


	If VSOE does not exist, the Company uses its best estimate of the
	selling prices for the deliverables. The Company operates in a highly regulated environment and is continually entering into new
	markets in which regulatory approval is sometimes required prior to the customer being able to use the product. In these cases,
	where regulatory approval is pending, revenue is deferred until such time as regulatory approval is obtained and customer acceptance
	becomes certain.


	 





	49

	 





	 




	 


	Deferred revenue consists of payments from customers for long term
	separately priced service contracts, sales pending regulatory approval and deposits on products. Deferred revenue as of December
	31, 2016 and 2015 was as follows:


	 






	 


	 


	As of December 31,


	 




	 


	 


	2016


	 


	 


	2015


	 




	Service contracts


	 


	$


	613,374


	 


	 


	$


	669,717


	 




	Sales pending regulatory approval


	 


	 


	155,517


	 


	 


	 


	155,517


	 




	Deposits on products


	 


	 


	84,907


	 


	 


	 


	65,000


	 




	Total deferred revenue, current portion


	 


	$


	853,798


	 


	 


	$


	890,234


	 




	Service contracts, net of current portion


	 


	 


	16,251


	 


	 


	 


	45,786


	 




	Total deferred revenue


	 


	$


	870,049


	 


	 


	$


	936,020


	 





	 


	The Company provides warranties, generally one year, in conjunction
	with the sale of its product. These warranties are short term in nature and entitle the customer to repair, replacement, or modification
	of the defective product subject to the terms of the respective warranty. The Company records an estimate of future warranty claims
	at the time the Company recognizes revenue from the sale of the product based upon management’s estimate of the future claims
	rate.


	 


	Shipping and handling costs are expensed as incurred and are included
	in cost of sales.


	 




	Concentration of
	Credit Risk




	 


	Financial instruments that potentially subject the Company to concentration
	of credit risk consist primarily of cash and cash equivalents, investments in debt securities and accounts receivable.





	 








	Segment and Geographical
	Information





	 


	The Company’s revenue is generated primarily from customers
	in the United States, which represented approximately 81% and 82% for the years ended December 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively.
	Customers in China accounted for approximately 10% and 14% for the years ended December 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively.


	 




	Fair Value of Financial
	Instruments




	 


	Carrying amounts of cash equivalents, accounts receivable, accounts
	payable, accrued liabilities and revolving credit facility approximate fair value due to their relative short maturities.


	 





	Cash
	and Cash Equivalents





	 


	The Company maintains its cash and cash equivalents with financial
	institutions which balances exceed the federally insured limits. Federally insured limits are $250,000 for deposits. As of December
	31, 2016 and 2015, the Company had approximately $4,792,000 and $4,815,000, respectively in excess of federally insured limits.


	 


	For purposes of the statement of cash flows, the Company considers
	all highly liquid financial instruments with a maturity of three months or less when purchased to be a cash equivalent.


	 





	Investments








	 






	Short term investments consist of investments
	which the Company expects to convert into cash within one year and long term investments after one year. The Company classifies
	its investments in debt securities at the time of purchase as h

	eld-to-maturity and reevaluates such classification
	on a quarterly basis. Held-to-maturity investments consist of securities that the Company has the intent and ability
	to retain until maturity. These securities ar

	e carried at amortized cost plus accrued interest and
	consist of the following:



	 





	50

	 





	 




	 






	 


	 


	As of December 31, 2016


	 




	 


	 


	Amortized

	Cost


	 


	 


	Gross

	Unrealized

	Gain


	 


	 


	Gross

	Unrealized

	Loss


	 


	 


	Fair Value


	 




	Short Term:


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Corporate bonds


	 


	$


	6,462,369


	 


	 


	 


	167


	 


	 


	 


	7,243


	 


	 


	 


	6,455,293


	 




	Total Short Term:


	 


	 


	6,462,369


	 


	 


	 


	167


	 


	 


	 


	7,243


	 


	 


	 


	6,455,293


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Long Term:


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	United States Treasury bonds


	 


	 


	502,063


	 


	 


	 


	—


	 


	 


	 


	1,174


	 


	 


	 


	500,890


	 




	Corporate bonds


	 


	 


	601,710


	 


	 


	 


	—


	 


	 


	 


	2,618


	 


	 


	 


	599,091


	 




	Total Long Term:


	 


	 


	1,103,773


	 


	 


	 


	—


	 


	 


	 


	3,792


	 


	 


	 


	1,099,981


	 








	 








	Accounts Receivable





	 


	The Company does business and extends credit based on an evaluation
	of each customer’s financial condition, generally without requiring collateral. Exposure to losses on receivables is expected
	to vary by customer due to the financial condition of each customer. The Company monitors exposure to credit losses and maintains
	allowances for anticipated losses considered necessary under the circumstances. The allowance for doubtful accounts was approximately
	$29,000 and $27,000 as of December 31, 2016 and 2015. To date, the Company has not experienced significant credit-related losses.


	 




	Inventories




	 


	Inventories consist of finished product and components and are stated
	at the lower of cost and net realizable value, determined using the first-in-first-out method.





	 








	Property and Equipment





	 


	Property and equipment are stated at cost. Depreciation on property
	and equipment is calculated on the straight-line basis over the estimated useful lives of the assets. Maintenance and repairs are
	expensed as incurred; expenditures that enhance the value of property or extend their useful lives are capitalized. When assets
	are sold or returned, the cost and related accumulated depreciation are removed from the accounts and the resulting gain or loss
	is included in income.


	 


	Inventory units designated for customer demonstrations, as part
	of the sales process, are reclassified to property and equipment and the depreciation is recorded to selling and marketing expense.
	The inventory used for demonstrations that was reclassified to property and equipment for the years ended December 31, 2016 and
	2015 was approximately $68,000 and $44,000, respectively.


	 


	Inventory units designated for customer rental agreements are reclassified
	to property and equipment and the depreciation is recorded to cost of sales. Inventory reclassified for the year ended December
	31, 2016 and 2015 was approximately $0 and $39,000, respectively.





	 








	Intangible Assets





	 


	Intangible assets are comprised of the Company’s patent rights
	and are amortized over the patents’ estimated useful life of approximately 13 years. As of December 31, 2016 the remaining
	useful life was 78 months.





	 








	51

	 





	 







	 








	Long-Lived Assets





	 


	The Company evaluates its long-lived assets, including intangible
	assets, for possible impairment whenever circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the asset, or related group of assets,
	may not be recoverable from estimated future cash flows in accordance with accounting guidance. If circumstances suggest the recorded
	amounts cannot be recovered, based upon estimated future undiscounted cash flows, the carrying values of such assets are reduced
	to fair value. No impairment charges were recorded for long-lived assets for the years ended December 31, 2016 and 2015.


	 




	Research and Development




	 


	Research and development costs relate to products under development
	by the Company and quality and regulatory costs and are expensed as incurred.


	 





	Earnings Per Share





	 


	Basic net income (loss) per share attributable to common stockholders
	is calculated by dividing the net income (loss) attributable to common stockholders by the weighted-average number of common shares
	outstanding for the period using the treasury stock method for options and warrants. The diluted net income per share attributable
	to common stockholders is computed by giving effect to all potential dilutive common share equivalents outstanding for the period.
	In periods when the Company has incurred a net loss, options and warrants to purchase common shares are considered common share
	equivalents but have been excluded from the calculation of diluted net loss per share attributable to common stockholders as their
	effect is antidilutive. Shares excluded were computed under the treasury stock method as follows:


	 






	 


	 


	For the Years Ended December 31,


	 




	 


	 


	2016


	 


	 


	2015


	 




	Warrants


	 


	 


	19,489


	 


	 


	 


	288,474


	 




	Unvested Restricted Stock


	 


	 


	72,670


	 


	 


	 


	—


	 




	Options


	 


	 


	—


	 


	 


	 


	950


	 





	 




	Equity-Based Compensation




	 


	Pursuant to accounting guidance related to accounting for equity-based
	compensation, the Company is required to recognize all share-based payments to non-employees and employees in the financial statements
	based on fair values on the grant date. The Company has accounted for issuance of shares, options, and warrants in accordance with
	the guidance, which requires the recognition of expense, based on grant-date fair values, over the service period, generally periods
	over which the shares, options and warrants vest.


	 





	Advertising Costs





	 


	Advertising and promotion expenses are charged to expense as incurred.
	Advertising and promotion expense included in selling expense in the accompanying statements of operations amounted to approximately
	$1,051,000 and $773,000 for the years ended December 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively.


	 




	Operating Leases




	 


	Rent expense for operating leases which contain escalating rental
	clauses is recorded on a straight-line basis over the lease term.





	 








	Deferred Initial Public
	Offering Costs





	 


	Deferred offering costs, which consist of direct incremental legal,
	accounting and other fees relating to the IPO, were capitalized. The deferred offering costs were offset against IPO proceeds upon
	the consummation of the offering. As of December 31, 2015, approximately $310,000 of deferred offering costs were capitalized and
	included in prepaids and other current assets.on the balance sheet.


	 





	52

	 





	 







	 








	Recently issued accounting
	pronouncements





	 


	In August 2014, the FASB issued new guidance
	related to the disclosures around going concern. The new standard provides guidance around management's responsibility to evaluate
	whether there is substantial doubt about an entity's ability to continue as a going concern and to provide related footnote disclosures.
	The Company adopted this standard during the year ended December 31, 2016. The adoption of this standard did not have an impact
	on the Company's financial statements.


	 


	In May 2014, the FASB issued ASU 2014-09, Revenue from Contracts
	with Customers (Topic 606). ASU 2014-09 will eliminate transaction- and industry-specific revenue recognition guidance under current
	GAAP and replace it with a principle based approach for determining revenue recognition. ASU 2014-09 will require that companies
	recognize revenue based on the value of transferred goods or services as they occur in the contract. The ASU also will require
	additional disclosure about the nature, amount, timing and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows arising from customer contracts,
	including significant judgments and changes in judgments and assets recognized from costs incurred to obtain or fulfill a contract.
	ASU 2014-09 is effective for reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017. Entities can transition to the standard either
	retrospectively or as a cumulative-effect adjustment as of the date of adoption. In April 2016, the FASB also issued ASU 2016-10,
	Identifying Performance Obligations and Licensing, implementation guidance on principal versus agent, identifying performance
	obligations, and licensing. ASU 2016-10 is effective for reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017. Entities can transition
	to the standard either retrospectively or as a cumulative-effect adjustment as of the date of adoption. For Sensus the ASU is
	effective January 1, 2018. The Company is continuing to evaluate the standard’s impact on the results of operations and
	financial condition. The Company has conducted initial analyses and is currently completing detailed contract reviews to determine
	if any adjustments are necessary to the existing accounting policies and to support the evaluation of the standard’s impact
	to the results of operations and financial condition. For the majority of the Company’s revenue arrangements, no significant
	impacts are expected as these transactions are not accounted for under industry-specific guidance that will be superseded by the
	ASU, and generally consist of obligations to transfer goods and services. The Company currently anticipates utilizing the modified
	retrospective method of adoption on January 1, 2018.


	 


	In June 2014, the FASB has issued ASU 2014-12, Compensation — Stock
	Compensation (Topic 718): Accounting for Shared-Based Payments When the Terms of an Award Provide That a Performance Target Could
	Be Achieved after the Requisite Service Period. This ASU requires that a performance target that affects vesting, and that could
	be achieved after the requisite service period, be treated as a performance condition. As such, the performance target should not
	be reflected in estimating the grant date fair value of the award. This update further clarifies that compensation cost should
	be recognized in the period in which it becomes probable that the performance target will be achieved and should represent the
	compensation cost attributable to the period(s) for which the requisite service has already been rendered. The amendments in this
	ASU are effective for annual periods and interim periods within those annual periods beginning after December 15, 2015. The Company
	adopted this standard in 2016 and it did not have an impact on its financial statements.


	 


	In July 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-11, Inventory (Topic 330),
	Simplifying the Measurement of Inventory, which changes the measurement principle for inventory from the lower of cost or market
	to the lower of cost and net realizable value. ASU 2015-11 defines net realizable value as estimated selling prices in the ordinary
	course of business, less reasonably predictable costs of completion, disposal, and transportation. The new guidance must be applied
	on a prospective basis and is effective for years beginning after December 15, 2015, and interim periods within those years, with
	early adoption permitted. The Company adopted this standard in 2016 and it did not have a material impact on its financial statements.


	 


	In November 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-17, Balance Sheet Classification
	of Deferred Taxes (Topic 740). Under the new guidance, companies are required to classify all deferred tax assets and liabilities
	as noncurrent on the balance sheet instead of separating deferred taxes into current and noncurrent amounts. In addition, companies
	will no longer allocate valuation allowances between current and noncurrent deferred tax assets because those allowances will also
	be classified as noncurrent. This guidance is effective for financial statements issued for annual periods beginning after December
	15, 2016. The Company does not expect the adoption to have a material effect on its financial statements.


	 





	53

	 





	 




	 


	In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-02, “Leases (Topic
	842).” The guidance in ASU 2016-02 supersedes the lease recognition requirements in ASC Topic 840, Leases (FAS
	13). The new standard establishes a right-of-use (ROU) model that requires a lessee to record a ROU asset and a lease liability
	on the balance sheet for lease

	s

	 with terms longer than 12 months. Leases will be classified as either
	finance or operating, with classification affecting the pattern of expense recognition in the income statement. The new standard
	is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018, including interim periods within those fiscal years, with early
	adoption permitted. A modified retrospective transition approach is required for lessees for capital and operating leases existing
	at, or entered into after, the beginning of the earliest comparative period presented in the financial statements. Early adoption
	of the amendments in the update is permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the effect this standard will have on our financial
	statements.


	 


	In April 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-09, Compensation — Stock
	Compensation (Topic 718), which requires that the income tax effect of share-based awards be recognized in the income statement
	when the awards vest or are settled. The guidance will also allow an employer to repurchase more of an employee’s shares
	for tax withholding purposes without triggering liability accounting and to make a policy election to account for forfeitures as
	they occur. The guidance is effective for years beginning after December 15, 2016 and interim periods within those years. The Company
	does not expect the adoption to have a material effect on its financial statements.


	 






	Note 2 — Property
	and Equipment




	 




	 


	 


	As of December 31,


	 


	 


	Estimated




	 


	 


	2016


	 


	 


	2015


	 


	 


	Useful Lives




	Operations and rental equipment


	 


	$


	630,886


	 


	 


	$


	504,786


	 


	 


	3 years




	Tradeshow and demo equipment


	 


	 


	294,475


	 


	 


	 


	397,325


	 


	 


	3 years




	Computer equipment


	 


	 


	95,218


	 


	 


	 


	88,451


	 


	 


	3 years




	 


	 


	 


	1,020,579


	 


	 


	 


	990,562


	 


	 


	 




	Less accumulated depreciation


	 


	 


	(587,171


	)


	 


	 


	(669,863


	)


	 


	 




	Property and Equipment, Net


	 


	$


	433,408


	 


	 


	$


	320,699


	 


	 


	 





	 


	Depreciation expense was approximately $241,000 and $219,000, for
	the years ended December 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively.


	 






	Note 3 — Patent
	Rights





	 





	 


	 


	As to December 31,


	 




	 


	 


	2016


	 


	 


	2015


	 




	Gross carrying amount


	 


	$


	1,253,018


	 


	 


	$


	1,253,018


	 




	Less accumulated amortization


	 


	 


	(626,509


	)


	 


	 


	(530,123


	)




	Patent Rights, Net


	 


	$


	626,509


	 


	 


	$


	722,895


	 





	 





	54

	 





	 




	 


	Amortization expense was approximately $96,000 for both years ended
	December 31, 2016 and 2015. As of December 31, 2016, future remaining amortization expense is as follows:


	 






	For the Year Ending December 31,


	 


	2016


	 




	2017


	 


	$


	96,386


	 




	2018


	 


	 


	96,386


	 




	2019


	 


	 


	96,386


	 




	2020


	 


	 


	96,386


	 




	2021


	 


	 


	96,386


	 




	Thereafter


	 


	 


	144,579


	 




	Total


	 


	$


	626,509


	 





	 




	Note 4 — Revolving
	Credit Facility




	 


	On March 12, 2013, the Company entered into a two-year $3 million
	revolving credit facility. The credit facility was amended and extended effective March 12, 2015 through May 12, 2017. The maximum
	borrowing was reduced to $1,500,000 and was limited by the Company’s eligible borrowing base of 80% of eligible accounts
	receivable. On September 21, 2016, a second amendment to the credit facility extended the facility through September 21, 2017,
	increased the maximum borrowing to $2,000,000 and expanded the eligible accounts receivables to include certain international receivables.


	 


	Interest, at Prime plus 0.75% (4.50% at December 31, 2016), is payable
	monthly with outstanding principal and interest due on the maturity date. The facility is secured by all of the Company’s
	assets and limits the amount of additional indebtedness, restricts the sale, disposition or transfer of assets of the Company and
	requires the maintenance of a certain monthly adjusted quick ratio restrictive covenant and minimum quarterly EBITDA restrictive
	covenant, as defined in the agreement. Approximately $423,000 was outstanding under the revolving credit facility at December 31,
	2015 and $0 at December 31, 2016. The Company pays commitment fees of 0.25% per annum on the average unused portion of the line
	of credit.


	 






	Note 5 — Product
	Warranties




	 


	Changes in product warranty liability were as follows for the years
	ended December 31, 2016 and 2015.


	 




	 


	 


	As of December 31,


	 




	 


	 


	2016


	 


	 


	2015


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Balance, beginning of period


	 


	$


	48,363


	 


	 


	$


	47,614


	 




	Warranties accrued during the period


	 


	 


	32,877


	 


	 


	 


	7,189


	 




	Payments on warranty claims


	 


	 


	(40,759


	)


	 


	 


	(6,440


	)




	Balance, end of period


	 


	 


	40,481


	 


	 


	 


	48,363


	 







	 






	Note 6 — Commitment
	and Contingencies







	 








	Operating Lease Agreements





	 


	In July 2016, the Company renewed a lease with an unrelated third
	party for its headquarters office. The renewal was effective September 1, 2016 and expanded the office space being occupied. The
	lease expires in September 2022 and lease payments increase by 3% annually. Future minimum lease payments as of December 31, 2016
	are as follows:


	 





	55

	 





	 




	 








	 




	Year




	 


	Minimum Lease

	Payment


	 




	2017


	 


	 


	184,000


	 




	2018


	 


	 


	190,000


	 




	2019


	 


	 


	196,000


	 




	2020


	 


	 


	202,000


	 




	2021


	 


	 


	208,000


	 




	Thereafter


	 


	 


	160,000


	 




	Total


	 


	$


	1,140,000


	 





	 


	Rental expense for the years ended December 31,
	2016 and 2015 was approximately $100,000 and $98,000, respectively.





	 








	Manufacturing Agreement





	 


	In July 2010, the Company entered into a three-year contract manufacturing
	agreement with an unrelated third party for the production and manufacture of the Company’s main product in accordance with
	the Company’s product specifications. The agreement shall automatically be renewed for successive years unless either party
	notifies the other party in writing, at least 60 days prior to the anniversary date of this agreement that it will not renew the
	agreement. The Company or the manufacturer has the option to terminate the agreement with 90 days written notice. Any change in
	the relationship with the manufacturer could have an adverse effect on the Company’s business.


	 


	Purchases from this manufacturer totaled approximately $3,917,000
	and $2,871,000 for the years ended December 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively. As of December 31, 2016 and 2015 approximately $563,000
	and $338,000, respectively, was due to this manufacturer, which is presented in accounts payable and accrued expenses in the accompanying
	balance sheets.





	 








	Legal contingencies





	 


	The Company is party to certain legal proceedings in the ordinary
	course of business. The Company assesses, in conjunction with its legal counsel, the need to record a liability for litigation
	and related contingencies. The Company does not believe that any legal proceedings are likely to have a material effect on the
	business, financial condition, or results of operations.




	 






	Note 7 — Stockholders’
	Equity




	 


	The Company has authorized 50,000,000 shares of common stock, of
	which 13,546,171 and 10,367,883 shares were issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively.


	 





	Stock Issuances





	 


	On January 1, 2016, Sensus Healthcare, LLC converted into a Delaware
	corporation pursuant to a statutory conversion and changed its name to Sensus Healthcare, Inc. As a result of the corporate conversion,
	the holders of the different classes of units of Sensus Healthcare, LLC became holders of common stock of Sensus Healthcare, Inc.
	Holders of warrants and options, respectively, to purchase membership interests of Sensus Healthcare, LLC became holders of warrants
	and options to purchase common stock of Sensus Healthcare, Inc., respectively. Each membership interest converted to one share
	of common stock.


	 





	56

	 





	 




	 


	During 2011, the Company offered to a limited number of investors
	(the “investor members”) preferred membership interests (the “interests”) consisting of (i) cumulative,
	non-compounded, 8% per annum preferential return, payable annually, if and when such distributions are made by the Company’s
	board of directors and (ii) participation in the Company’s net profits, net losses and distributions of the Company’s
	assets pursuant to the operating agreement. The offering raised approximately $6.4 million in gross proceeds ($6.0 million net
	of offering costs), utilizing a private placement memorandum. As of December 31, 2015, accumulated unpaid preferential distributions
	were approximately $2,674,000 ($0.87 per share). Preferential distributions no longer accrued after December 31, 2015. In June
	2016, after the completion of the IPO, the accumulated unpaid distribution as of December 31, 2015 was payable in cash or shares,
	at the option of each stockholder with a preferential distribution. On July 15, 2016, the Company paid the accrued dividends in
	the amount of approximately $2,553,000 representing the amount for which former holders of membership units with a preferred return
	elected to receive dividends in cash. In addition, 23,138 shares valued at approximately $122,000 of common stock were issued to
	those that elected to receive the dividends in shares.


	 


	During 2014, the Company granted a 1% ownership interest in the
	Company to an executive which was to vest upon a change in control of the Company. During 2015, the terms were amended such that
	the ownership interest will vest in the event of involuntary termination or a liquidity event, as defined. In accordance with accounting
	principles generally accepted in the United States, compensation cost for awards with performance conditions should be recorded
	in the Company’s financial statements at which time that it is probable the performance condition is achieved. As of December
	31, 2015, the achievement of the performance condition was not probable and accordingly no compensation cost was recorded. Following
	the IPO in June 2016, the performance condition was met and accordingly, stock compensation expense of approximately $465,000 was
	recorded in 2016. The grant date fair value of the equity award was estimated using both an income and market approach. Under the
	income approach, the Company used a discounted cash flow method based on Company projections, historical financial information
	and guideline company/industry growth and margin indicators. The discount rate applied was based on the weighted average cost of
	capital of guideline public companies and was estimated at approximately 21%. The Company also used a market approach to estimate
	its enterprise value based on a multiple of revenue and earnings of guideline public companies. Using both of these approaches,
	management was able to estimate the fair value per share on the grant date which was approximately $4.42 per share or approximately
	$465,000.





	 








	Warrants





	 


	In March 2011, the closing date of the preferred offering, the Company’s
	placement agent was granted investor rights to five year warrants to purchase preferred units, which following the conversion were
	exercisable into 544,387 common shares of the Company at an exercise price of $2.08 per share. The expiration of the warrants was
	extended and the warrants were exercised on June 10, 2016. One of the Company’s directors is a managing partner of and has
	voting and dispositive authority in the entity that exercised the warrants.


	 


	In April 2013, the closing date of the second common offering,
	the placement agent received investor rights to 5 year warrants to purchase 86,376 common shares of the Company at an exercise
	price of $4.55 per unit, which was equal to 110% of the offering price.


	 


	In June 2016, from the IPO, the investors received three-year warrants
	to purchase 2,300,000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $6.75 per share; the warrants are exercisable through June
	2, 2019. Following the first anniversary of the date of issuance, if certain conditions are met, the Company may redeem any and
	all of the outstanding warrants at a price equal to $0.01 per warrant.


	 


	In addition, the underwriter’s representatives received four-year
	warrants to purchase up to 138,000 units, consisting of one share of common stock and one warrant to purchase one share of common
	stock. The warrants for the units are exercisable between June 2, 2017 and June 2, 2021 at an exercise price of $6.75 per unit.


	 


	All warrants reflect the 241.05-for-one forward stock split and
	were fully vested as of December 31, 2016 and 2015. The following table summarizes the Company’s warrant activity:


	 





	57

	 





	 




	 






	 


	 


	Former Preferred Warrants


	 


	 


	Common Warrants


	 




	 


	 


	Number of

	Warrants


	 


	 


	Weighted

	Average

	Exercise

	Price


	 


	 


	Weighted

	Average

	Remaining

	Contractual

	Term (In Years)


	 


	 


	Number of

	Warrants


	 


	 


	Weighted

	Average

	Exercise

	Price


	 


	 


	Weighted

	Average

	Remaining

	Contractual

	Term (In Years)


	 




	Outstanding – December 31, 2015


	 


	 


	544,388


	 


	 


	$


	2.08


	 


	 


	 


	0.17


	 


	 


	 


	86,376


	 


	 


	$


	4.55


	 


	 


	 


	1.25


	 




	Granted


	 


	 


	—


	 


	 


	 


	—


	 


	 


	 


	—


	 


	 


	 


	2,438,000


	 


	 


	 


	6.75


	 


	 


	 


	2.55


	 




	Exercised


	 


	 


	(544,388


	)


	 


	 


	(2.08


	)


	 


	 


	—


	 


	 


	 


	—


	 


	 


	 


	—


	 


	 


	 


	—


	 




	Cancelled (forfeited)


	 


	 


	—


	 


	 


	 


	—


	 


	 


	 


	—


	 


	 


	 


	—


	 


	 


	 


	—


	 


	 


	 


	—


	 




	Outstanding – December 31, 2016


	 


	 


	—


	 


	 


	 


	—


	 


	 


	 


	—


	 


	 


	 


	2,524,376


	 


	 


	$


	6.67


	 


	 


	 


	2.50


	 




	Exercisable –  December 31, 2016


	 


	 


	—


	 


	 


	 


	—


	 


	 


	 


	—


	 


	 


	 


	2,386,376


	 


	 


	$


	6.67


	 


	 


	 


	2.50


	 





	 


	The intrinsic value of the common stock warrants was approximately
	$114,000 as of December 31, 2016, and $0 as of December 31, 2015.


	 





	2013 Option Plan





	 


	The Company’s 2013 option plan (the “Plan”) permitted
	the grant of 90,731 options to purchase shares of common stock to its employees. Option awards were generally granted with an exercise
	price equal to the fair value of the Company’s common shares at the date of grant and those option awards generally vested
	based on five years of continuous service. The awards provided for accelerated vesting if there was a change in control as defined
	in the Plan.


	 


	On November 1, 2013, the Company granted two employees, options
	to purchase 7,258 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $4.13 per unit. In lieu of cash exercise, the options also contained
	certain cashless exercise provisions however the net settlement amount remained fixed. The options were to expire 10 years from
	the grant date and vest five years from the grant date.


	 


	The fair value of each option was estimated on the date of grant
	using the Black-Scholes Option Pricing Model (“Black-Scholes Model).


	 


	Upon the closing of the IPO, all options issued under the Plan were
	automatically exercised using a cashless exercise feature and converted to 3,096 shares of common stock, and the Option Plan was
	terminated.


	 


	All options amounts reflect the 241.05-for-one forward stock split.
	A summary of option activity under the Plan is as follows:


	 






	 


	 


	Number of Options


	 


	 


	Weighted Average Exercise

	Price


	 


	 


	Weighted Average Remaining

	Contractual Term (In Years)


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Outstanding – December 31, 2015


	 


	 


	14,516


	 


	 


	$


	4.13


	 


	 


	 


	7.83


	 




	Granted


	 


	 


	—


	 


	 


	 


	—


	 


	 


	 


	—


	 




	Exercised


	 


	 


	(14,516


	)


	 


	 


	(4.13


	)


	 


	 


	—


	 




	Cancelled (forfeited)


	 


	 


	—


	 


	 


	 


	—


	 


	 


	 


	—


	 




	Outstanding – December 31, 2016


	 


	 


	—


	 


	 


	$


	—


	 


	 


	 


	—


	 




	Exercisable – December 31, 2016


	 


	 


	—


	 


	 


	$


	—


	 


	 


	 


	—


	 





	 





	58

	 





	 




	 


	The Company recognized approximately $25,000 and $6,000 of
	expense related to the options for the years ended December 31, 2016 and 2015.


	 





	2016 equity incentive
	Plan





	 


	In February 2016, with stockholder approval, the Company adopted
	the Sensus Healthcare, Inc. 2016 Equity Incentive Plan (the “2016 Plan”). Pursuant to the 2016 Plan, our directors,
	officers and other key employees who have been selected as participants are eligible to receive awards of various forms of equity-based
	incentive compensation, including incentive and nonqualified stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock awards,
	performance shares and phantom stock, and awards consisting of combinations of such incentives. The 2016 Plan is administered by
	the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors. Under the 2016 Plan, the Compensation Committee has the authority to establish,
	adopt, revise or rescind such rules and regulations and to make all such determinations relating to the 2016 Plan as it may deem
	necessary or advisable for the administration of the 2016 Plan. Subject to the provisions of the 2016 Plan, the Compensation Committee
	has sole discretionary authority to interpret the 2016 Plan and to determine the type of awards to grant, when, if, and to whom
	awards are granted, the number of shares covered by each award and the terms and conditions of the award. The term of the 2016
	Plan is 10 years from the effective date, after which no further awards may be granted thereunder.


	 


	The Company has limited the aggregate number of shares of common
	stock to be awarded under the 2016 Plan to 397,473 shares and no more than 397,473 shares of common stock in the aggregate may
	be granted in connection with incentive stock options. In addition, unless the Compensation Committee specifically determines otherwise,
	the maximum number of shares available under the 2016 Plan and the awards granted under the 2016 Plan will be subject to appropriate
	adjustment in the case of any stock dividends, stock splits, recapitalizations, reorganizations, mergers, consolidations, exchanges
	or other changes in capitalization affecting our common stock. Any shares granted in connection with options and stock appreciation
	rights shall be counted against this limit as one share for every one share allotted in connection with the awarded option or stock
	appreciation right. Any shares granted in connection with awards other than options and stock appreciation rights shall be counted
	against this limit as two shares for every one share granted in connection with such award or by which the award is valued by reference.


	 


	On June 2, 2016, 307,666 shares of restricted stock were issued
	to employees and were recorded at the fair value of $5.25 as per the initial offering price. The shares vest 25% per year over
	a four-year vesting period and are being recognized as expense on a straight-line basis over the vesting period of the awards.
	Stock compensation expense of approximately $236,000 was recognized for the year ended December 31, 2016. Unrecognized stock compensation
	expense was approximately $1,380,000 as of December 31, 2016, which will be recognized over the remaining vesting period of 41
	months.


	 






	Note 8 — Income
	Taxes






	 




	The income tax provision (benefit)
	consisted of the following:


	 




	 


	 


	For The Years Ended


	 




	 


	 


	December 31,


	 




	 


	 


	2016


	 


	 


	2015


	 




	Current – federal


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 




	Current – state


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 




	Deferred – federal


	 


	 


	(137,616


	)


	 


	 


	(85,366


	)




	Deferred – state


	 


	 


	(11,666


	)


	 


	 


	(4,915


	)




	 


	 


	 


	(149,282


	)


	 


	 


	(90,281


	)




	Change in valuation allowance


	 


	 


	149,282


	 


	 


	 


	90,281


	 




	Income tax provision 

	(benefit)



	 


	$


	-


	 


	 


	$


	-


	 





	  





	59

	 





	 




	 


	For the years ended December 31, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the
	expected tax expense (benefit) based on the statutory rate is reconciled with the actual tax expense (benefit) as follows:


	 






	 


	 


	For The Years Ended


	 




	 


	 


	December 31,


	 




	 


	 


	2016


	 


	 


	2015


	 




	U.S. federal statutory rate


	 


	 


	(35.0


	)%


	 


	 


	(34.0


	)%




	State taxes, net of federal benefit


	 


	 


	(3.4


	)%


	 


	 


	(2.1


	)%




	Permanent differences


	 


	 


	(4.7


	)%


	 


	 


	(2.1


	)%




	Change in valuation allowance


	 


	 


	43.1


	%


	 


	 


	38.2


	%




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Income tax provision 

	(benefit)



	 


	 


	0.0


	%


	 


	 


	0.0


	%





	  

	 



	As of December 31, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the
	Company’s net deferred tax asset consisted of the effects of temporary differences attributable to the following:


	 






	 


	 


	December 31,


	 




	 


	 


	2016


	 


	 


	2015


	 




	Stock-based compensation


	 


	$


	274,553


	 


	 


	$


	4,920


	 




	Depreciation and amortization


	 


	 


	(56,926


	)


	 


	 


	(28,213


	)




	Accrued expenses and reserves


	 


	 


	45,115


	 


	 


	 


	31,294


	 




	Prepaid expenses


	 


	 


	(33,259


	)


	 


	 


	(9,384


	)




	Customer deposits


	 


	 


	5,696


	 


	 


	 


	86,455


	 




	Other, net


	 


	 


	6,772


	 


	 


	 


	7,585


	 




	Deferred tax asset, net


	 


	 


	241,951


	 


	 


	 


	92,657


	 




	Valuation allowance


	 


	 


	(241,951


	)


	 


	 


	(92,657


	)




	Deferred tax asset, net of valuation allowance


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 





	 


	In assessing the realization
	of deferred tax assets, management considers whether it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets
	will be realized.  The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon the future generation of taxable
	income during the periods in which those temporary differences become deductible.  Management considers the scheduled
	reversal of deferred tax liabilities, projected future taxable income, and taxing strategies in making this assessment.  Based
	on this assessment, management has established a full valuation allowance against all of the net deferred tax assets for each period,
	since it is more likely than not that all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized.  The valuation allowance for
	the years ended December 31, 2016 and 2015 increased by approximately $149,000 and $90,000, respectively.


	 


	Management has evaluated and
	concluded that there were no material uncertain tax positions requiring recognition in the Company’s consolidated financial
	statements as of December 31, 2016 and 2015. The Company does not expect any significant changes in its unrecognized tax benefits
	within 12 months of the reporting date. The Company has U.S. federal and certain state tax returns subject to examination by tax
	authorities beginning with those filed for the year ended December 31, 2012. The Company’s policy is to classify assessments,
	if any, for tax related interest as interest expense and penalties as general and administrative expenses in the consolidated statements
	of operations.


	 





	60

	 





	 






	 








	Note 9 — Subsequent
	Events




	 


	The Company evaluates subsequent events and transactions that occur
	after the balance sheet date up to the date that the financial statements were issued for potential recognition or disclosure.
	The Company did not identify any subsequent events that would have required adjustment or disclosure in the financial statements.




	 










	Item 9.


	CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING
	AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE




	 


	None.



	 










	Item 9A.


	CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES





	 



	Evaluation of Disclosure Control and Procedures


	 


	As of December 31, 2016, the end of the period covered by this Annual
	Report on Form 10-K, our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, evaluated the effectiveness
	of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934). Based upon
	that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer each concluded that as of December 31, 2016, the end of
	the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K, we maintained effective disclosure controls and procedures.


	 


	Management’s Report on Internal Control Over Financial
	Reporting


	 


	This Annual Report on Form 10-K does not include a report of management’s
	assessment regarding internal control over financial reporting or an attestation report of the Company’s registered public
	accounting firm due to a transition period established by rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission for newly public companies.


	 


	Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting


	 


	Our management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief
	Financial Officer, has reviewed our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Securities
	Exchange Act of 1934). There have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during our most recently completed
	quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.



	 










	Item 9B.


	OTHER INFORMATION




	 


	None.





	 







	PART III.


	 










	Item 10.


	DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS, AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE




	 


	The information required by this item will be set forth in our 2016
	Proxy Statement and is incorporated into this report by reference.



	 










	Item 11.


	EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION




	 


	The information required by this item will be set forth in our 2016
	Proxy Statement and is incorporated into this report by reference.


	 





	61

	 






	 




	 










	Item 12.


	SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT
	AND RELATED SHAREOWNERS MATTERS




	 


	Our 2013 Option Plan and 2016 Equity Incentive Plan were each approved
	by our stockholders. The following table provides certain information regarding the Company’s equity compensation plans.


	 






	Plan Category


	 


	Number of securities to be

	issued upon exercise of

	outstanding options,

	warrants and 

	rights


	 


	 


	Weighted-average

	exercise

	price

	of outstanding options, 

	warrants and rights


	 


	 


	Number of securities

	remaining 

	available

	for future issuance under

	equity

	compensation plans (excluding

	securities reflected in column

	(a)


	 




	 


	 


	(a)


	 


	 


	(b)


	 


	 


	(c)


	 




	Equity Compensation Plans Approved by Securities Holders


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	89,807


	 




	Equity Compensation Plans Not Approved by Securities Holders


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 




	Total


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	89,807


	 





	 






	 




	 


	The other information required by this item will be set forth in
	our 2016 Proxy Statement and is incorporated into this report by reference.



	 










	Item 13.


	CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR
	INDEPENDENCE




	 


	The information required by this item will be set forth in our 2016
	Proxy Statement and is incorporated into this report by reference.



	 










	Item 14.


	PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES




	 


	The information required by this item will be set forth in our 2016
	Proxy Statement and is incorporated into this report by reference.




	 






	PART IV


	 










	Item 15.


	EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES




	 


	The following documents are filed as part
	of this report


	 






	1.


	Financial Statements




	 


	The Company’s Financial Statements included in Part
	II of this Annual Report on Form 10-K are incorporated by reference into this Item 15.


	 






	2.


	Financial Statement Schedules




	 


	Other schedules and exhibits are omitted because the required
	information either is not applicable or is shown in the financial statements or the notes thereto.


	 






	3.


	Exhibits Required to be Filed by Item 601 of Regulation
	S-K




	 


	The Exhibit Index beginning on page 64 of this Annual
	Report on Form 10-K is incorporated by reference to this Item 15.


	 








	Item 16.


	FORM 10-K SUMMARY




	 


	Not applicable.


	 





	62

	 







	 




	 






	SIGNATURES


	 


	Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
	Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.


	 




	 




	SENSUS HEALTHCARE, INC.






	 


	 





	Date: March 10, 2017




	/s/ Joseph C. Sardano





	 



	Joseph C. Sardano





	 



	Chief Executive Officer





	 



	(Principal Executive Officer)





	 


	Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
	this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated.


	 






	Name

	 



	 




	Title

	 



	 




	Date

	 





	 


	 


	 


	 


	 





	/s/ Joseph Sardano



	 



	Chief Executive Officer and Chairman



	 



	March 10, 2017







	Joseph Sardano




	 



	(Principal Executive Officer)



	 


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 





	/s/ Arthur Levine



	 



	Chief Financial Officer



	 



	March 10, 2017







	Arthur Levine




	 



	(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)



	 


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 





	/s/ John Heinrich



	 



	Director



	 



	March 10, 2017







	John Heinrich




	 


	 


	 


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 





	/s/ William H. McCall



	 



	Director



	 



	March 10, 2017







	William H. McCall




	 


	 


	 


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 





	/s/ Samuel O’Rear



	 



	Director



	 



	March 10, 2017







	Samuel O’Rear




	 


	 


	 


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 





	/s/ Anthony B. Petrelli



	 



	Director



	 



	March 10, 2017







	Anthony B. Petrelli




	 


	 


	 


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 





	/s/ Darrell S. Rigel, M.D.



	 



	Director



	 



	March 10, 2017







	Darrell S. Rigel,
	M.D.




	 


	 


	 


	 




	 





	63

	 






	 





	 





	EXHIBIT INDEX


	 







	Exhibit No.



	 



	Description





	 


	 


	 





	2.1



	 



	Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of December 12, 2011, by and between Sensus Healthcare, LLC and Sensus Healthcare, LLC – incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 of the Company’s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (filed 2/10/16)(No. 333-209451).





	 


	 


	 





	2.2



	 



	Plan of Conversion of Sensus Healthcare, LLC – incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.2 of the Company’s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (filed 2/10/16)(No. 333-209451).





	 


	 


	 





	3.1



	 



	Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Sensus Healthcare, Inc. – incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company’s Amendment No. 2 to Registration Statement on Form S-1 (filed 3/25/16)(No. 333-209451).





	 


	 


	 





	3.2



	 



	Bylaws of Sensus Healthcare, Inc. – incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 of the Company’s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (filed 2/10/16)(No. 333-209451).





	 


	 


	 





	4.1



	 



	Warrant Agreement of Sensus Healthcare, LLC, dated as of February 1, 2013, by and among Anderson Strudwick, Inc., Investors Capital Alliance, LLC and Sensus Healthcare, LLC – Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of the Company’s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (filed 2/10/16)(No. 333-209451).





	 


	 


	 





	4.2



	 



	Assignment of Warrant Agreement, dated as of March 31, 2012, by and among Anderson Strudwick, Inc., Investors Capital Alliance, LLC and Sensus Healthcare, LLC – Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 of the Company’s Amendment No. 4 to Registration Statement on Form S-1 (filed 2/10/16)(No. 333-209451).





	 


	 


	 





	4.3



	 



	Amendment No. 1 to Warrant Agreement of Sensus Healthcare, LLC, dated as of March 31, 2016, by and between Sensus Healthcare, Inc. and Investors Capital Alliance, LLC – incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.5 of the Company’s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (filed 5/19/16)(No. 333-209451).





	 


	 


	 





	4.4



	 



	Amendment No. 2 to Warrant Agreement of Sensus Healthcare, LLC, dated as of April 30, 2016, by and between Sensus Healthcare, Inc. and Investors Capital Alliance, LLC – incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.6 of the Registrants Form S-1/A (filed 5/19/16) (No. 333-209451).





	 


	 


	 





	4.5



	 



	Amendment No. 3 to Warrant Agreement of Sensus Healthcare, LLC, dated as of May 27, 2016, by and between Sensus Healthcare, Inc. and Investors Capital Alliance, LLC – incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 of the Company’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (filed 8/15/16)(No. 001-37714).





	 


	 


	 





	4.6



	 



	Form of Warrant Agreement of Sensus Healthcare, LLC, dated as of February 1, 2013, by and between Sensus Healthcare, LLC and certain investors – incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.4 of the Company’s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (filed 2/10/16)(No. 333-209451).





	 


	 


	 





	4.7



	 



	Form of Representatives’ Warrant to Purchase Units– incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.7 of the Registrants Form S-1/A (filed 5/19/16) (No. 333-209451).





	 


	 


	 





	10.1+



	 



	Sensus Healthcare, LLC 2013 Option Plan – Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company’s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (filed 2/10/16)(No. 333-209451).





	 


	 


	 





	10.2



	 



	Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement by and between Sensus Healthcare, LLC and Silicon Valley Bank, dated as of March 12, 2013 – incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Company’s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (filed 2/10/16)(No. 333-209451).






	 





	64

	 





	 




	 









	10.3



	 



	Default Waiver and First Amendment to Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement by and between Sensus Healthcare, LLC and Silicon Valley Bank, dated May 12, 2015 – incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of the Company’s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (filed 2/10/16)(No. 333-209451).





	 


	 


	 





	10.4



	 



	Second Amendment and Restated Loan and Security Agreement by and between Sensus Healthcare, Inc. and Silicon Valley Bank, dated September 21, 2016 – incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (filed 11/7/16)(No. 001-37714).





	 


	 


	 





	10.5



	 



	Office Lease Agreement, dated as of July 26, 2010, by and between Rexall Sundown, Inc. and Sensus Healthcare, LLC – incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 of the Company’s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (filed 2/10/16)(No. 333-209451).





	 


	 


	 





	10.6



	 



	Amendment to Lease, dated as of January 27, 2014, by and between Rexall Sundown, Inc. and Sensus Healthcare, LLC– incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 of the Company’s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (filed 2/10/16)(No. 333-209451).





	 


	 


	 





	10.7



	 



	Commercial Lease, dated as of July 7, 2016, by and between BREF 851, LLC and Sensus Healthcare, Inc. – incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Company’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (filed 11/7/16)(No. 001-37714).





	 


	 


	 





	10.8+



	 



	Sensus Healthcare, Inc. 2016 Equity Incentive Plan – incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.14 of the Company’s Amendment No. 1 to Registration Statement on Form S-1 (filed 3/10/16)(No. 333-209451).





	 


	 


	 





	10.9+



	 



	Form of Non-Qualified Option Grant Agreement – incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 of the Company’s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (filed 2/10/16)(No. 333-209451).





	 


	 


	 





	10.10+



	 



	Equity Grant Agreement, dated as of July 30, 2015, by and among Arthur Levine, Sensus Healthcare, LLC and certain contributing members named therein – incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 of the Company’s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (filed 2/10/16)(No. 333-209451).





	 


	 


	 





	10.11+



	 



	Employment Agreement between Sensus Healthcare, Inc. and Joseph C. Sardano – incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 of the Company’s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (filed 2/10/16)(No. 333-209451).





	 


	 


	 





	10.12+



	 



	Employment Agreement between Sensus Healthcare, Inc. and Kalman Fishman – incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11 of the Company’s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (filed 2/10/16)(No. 333-209451).





	 


	 


	 





	10.13+



	 



	Employment Agreement between Sensus Healthcare, Inc. and Arthur Levine – incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.12 of the Company’s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (filed 2/10/16)(No. 333-209451).





	 


	 


	 





	10.14#



	 



	Manufacturing Agreement, dated as of July 20, 2010, by and between RbM Services, LLC and Sensus Healthcare, LLC – incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.13 of the Company’s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (filed 2/10/16)(No. 333-209451).





	 


	 


	 





	10.15+*



	 



	Amendment to Equity Grant Agreement, dated as of November 16, 2016, by and among Arthur Levine, Sensus Healthcare, LLC and certain contributing members named therein.





	 


	 


	 





	14.1



	 



	Sensus Healthcare, Inc. Code of Ethics – incorporated by reference to Exhibit 14.1 of the of the Company’s Amendment No. 1 to Registration Statement on Form S-1 (filed 3/10/16)(No. 333-209451).








	 





	65

	 





	 




	 







	21.1*



	 



	Subsidiaries.





	 


	 


	 





	31.1*



	 



	Certification of Joseph C. Sardano, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Sensus Healthcare, Inc., Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.





	 


	 


	 





	31.2*



	 



	Certification of Arthur Levine, Chief Financial Officer of Sensus Healthcare, Inc., Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.





	 


	 


	 





	32.1*



	 



	Certification of Joseph C. Sardano, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Sensus Healthcare, Inc., Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350.





	 


	 


	 





	32.2*



	 



	Certification of Arthur Levine, Chief Financial Officer of Sensus Healthcare, Inc., Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350.





	 


	 


	 





	101.INS*



	 



	XBRL Instance Document





	 


	 


	 





	101.SCH*



	 



	XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document





	 


	 


	 





	101.CAL*



	 



	XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document





	 


	 


	 





	101.LAB*



	 



	XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document





	 


	 


	 





	101.PRE*



	 



	XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document





	 


	 


	 





	101.DEF*



	 



	XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document






	 






	 




	 






	+


	Indicates a management contract or compensatory plan.




	 






	#


	Portions of exhibit have been granted confidential treatment by the SEC.




	 






	*


	Filed electronically herewith.




	 





	66

	 














	 




	Exhibit 10.15




	 




	November 16, 2016




	 




	Arthur Levine




	Sensus Healthcare, Inc.




	Chief Financial Officer




	851 Broken Sound Parkway NW Suite
	215




	Boca Raton, FL 33487




	 




	Dear Arthur,




	 




	This letter is
	in reference to our letter agreement with you, dated July 30, 2015 (the “

	Original Letter

	”). In the Original
	Letter, each of Joseph C. Sardano, Stephen Cohen, Richard Golin, Kalman Fishman, and Stephen Arnold individually agreed that (1)
	the predecessor of Sensus Healthcare, Inc. (the “

	Company

	”) would redeem a portion of his equity interest in
	the Company and (2) the Company would grant you an award for the aggregate of the equity interests so redeemed (the “

	Equity
	Grant

	”).




	 




	As you will recall,
	the Equity Grant was to vest only upon a Liquidity Event. For adequate consideration, the receipt of which is hereby acknowledged
	by each of the undersigned individuals, the definition of Liquidity Event is amended to mean the date the first of the following
	occurs (i) the sale of more than 50% of the outstanding equity interests in the Company; or (ii) the expiration of a lock-up period
	following an IPO, but in no event shall the Liquidity Event occur earlier than January 31, 2017. All other terms of the Original
	Letter remain the same.




	 




	Sincerely,





	 






	“Contributing Members”:





	 






	 




	 




	 






	/s/ Joseph C. Sardano




	 




	/s/
	Kalman Fishman






	 




	 




	 






	 




	 




	 






	/s/ Stephen Cohen




	 




	/s/
	Stephen Arnold






	 




	 




	 






	 




	 




	 






	/s/ Richard Golin




	 




	 






	 







	Acknowledged
	and Agreed:





	 




	 






	 




	 




	 






	 




	 




	 






	/s/ Arthur Levine




	 




	 






	 







	Accepted
	and Agreed:





	 




	 






	 




	 




	 







	SENSUS HEALTHCARE,
	INC.





	 




	 






	 




	 




	 






	 




	 




	 






	/s/ Joseph C. Sardano




	 




	 






	President and CEO




	 




	 






	 







	 


	 


	 







	 











	 


	Exhibit 21.1



	 




	Subsidiaries



	 


	None.


	 




	 




	 










	 


	Exhibit 31.1



	 






	Certification of CEO Pursuant to Securities
	Exchange Act




	 




	Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) as Adopted Pursuant
	to




	 




	Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
	2002




	 



	I, Joseph C. Sardano, certify that:


	 







	1.




	I have reviewed this annual
	report on Form 10-K of Sensus Healthcare, Inc.;





	 







	2.




	Based on my knowledge, this
	report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements
	made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by
	this report;





	 







	3.




	Based on my knowledge, the
	financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial
	condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;





	 







	4.




	The registrant’s other
	certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange
	Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have:





	 







	a.




	Designed such disclosure
	controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that
	material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within
	those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;





	 







	b.




	Evaluated the effectiveness
	of the registrant’s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness
	of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and





	 







	c.




	Disclosed in this report
	any change in the registrant’s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant’s most
	recent fiscal quarter (the registrant’s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
	or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant’s internal control over financial reporting; and





	 







	5.




	The registrant’s other
	certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to
	the registrant’s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant’s board of directors (or persons performing the
	equivalent functions):





	 







	a.




	All significant deficiencies
	and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to
	adversely affect the registrant’s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and





	 







	b.




	Any fraud, whether or not
	material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant’s internal control over
	financial reporting.





	 





	Date: March 10, 2017




	/s/ Joseph C. Sardano





	 



	Joseph C. Sardano





	 



	Chairman and Chief Executive Officer






	 




	 




	 










	 


	Exhibit 31.2


	 





	Certification of CFO Pursuant to Securities
	Exchange Act




	 




	Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) as Adopted Pursuant
	to




	 




	Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
	2002




	 



	I, Arthur Levine, certify that:


	 







	1.




	I have reviewed this annual
	report on Form 10-K of Sensus Healthcare, Inc.;





	 







	2.




	Based on my knowledge, this
	report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements
	made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by
	this report;





	 







	3.




	Based on my knowledge, the
	financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial
	condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;





	 







	4.




	The registrant’s other
	certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange
	Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have:





	 







	a.




	Designed such disclosure
	controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that
	material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within
	those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;





	 







	b.




	Evaluated the effectiveness
	of the registrant’s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness
	of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and





	 







	c.




	Disclosed in this report
	any change in the registrant’s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant’s most
	recent fiscal quarter (the registrant’s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
	or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant’s internal control over financial reporting; and





	 







	5.




	The registrant’s other
	certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to
	the registrant’s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant’s board of directors (or persons performing the
	equivalent functions):





	 







	a.




	All significant deficiencies
	and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to
	adversely affect the registrant’s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and





	 







	b.




	Any fraud, whether or not
	material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant’s internal control over
	financial reporting.





	 





	Date: March 10, 2017




	/s/ Arthur Levine





	 



	Arthur Levine





	 



	Chief Financial Officer






	 




	 




	 










	 


	Exhibit 32.1


	 





	Certification of CEO Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350




	 



	Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. § 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section
	906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, the undersigned certificates that:


	 


	(1) this Annual Report for Sensus Healthcare, Inc. (the “Company”)
	on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2016, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (this
	“Report”), fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended;
	and


	 


	(2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in
	all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company as of and for the periods covered therein.


	 


	A signed original of this written statement required by Section
	906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging or otherwise adopting the signature that appears in typed form within the
	electronic version of this written statement, has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished
	to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request.


	 





	/s/ Joseph C. Sardano



	 





	Joseph C. Sardano



	 





	Chairman and Chief Executive Officer



	 




	 


	 





	March 10, 2017



	 





	 




	 




	 










	 


	Exhibit 32.2


	 





	Certification of CFO Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350




	 



	Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. § 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section
	906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, the undersigned certificates that:


	 


	(1) this Annual Report for Sensus Healthcare, Inc. (the “Company”)
	on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2016, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (this
	“Report”), fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended;
	and


	 


	(2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in
	all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company as of and for the periods covered therein.


	 


	A signed original of this written statement required by Section
	906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging or otherwise adopting the signature that appears in typed form within the
	electronic version of this written statement, has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished
	to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request.


	 





	/s/ Arthur Levine



	 





	Arthur Levine



	 





	Chief Financial Officer



	 




	 


	 





	March 10, 2016



	 





	 




	 




	 













Sensus Healthcare, Inc.: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 2:51 PM ET
Healthcare Equipment and Supplies

Company Overview of Sensus Healthcare, Inc.



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Sensus Healthcare, Inc. manufactures and markets superficial radiation therapy devices to healthcare providers worldwide. It offers SRT-100, a photon x-ray low energy superficial radiotherapy system that provides patients an alternative to surgery for treating non-melanoma skin cancers; and SRT-100 Vision, which provides the user with a superficial radiation therapy-tailored treatment planning application that integrates the embedded high frequency ultrasound imaging module, volumetric tumor analysis, beam margins planning, and dosimetry parameter. The company also provides Sentinel service program, which offers its customers protection for their SRT-100 and SRT-100 Vision systems. In additi...
Sensus Healthcare, Inc. manufactures and markets superficial radiation therapy devices to healthcare providers worldwide. It offers SRT-100, a photon x-ray low energy superficial radiotherapy system that provides patients an alternative to surgery for treating non-melanoma skin cancers; and SRT-100 Vision, which provides the user with a superficial radiation therapy-tailored treatment planning application that integrates the embedded high frequency ultrasound imaging module, volumetric tumor analysis, beam margins planning, and dosimetry parameter. The company also provides Sentinel service program, which offers its customers protection for their SRT-100 and SRT-100 Vision systems. In addition, it sells disposable lead shielding replacements; and disposable radiation safety items, such as aprons, eye shields, and disposable applicator tips, which are used to treat various sized lesions and various areas of the body. Sensus Healthcare, Inc. was founded in 2010 and is headquartered in Boca Raton, Florida.
Detailed Description


851 Broken Sound Parkway NWSuite 215Boca Raton, FL 33487United StatesFounded in 201037 Employees



Phone: 561-922-5808

Fax: 561-948-2071

www.sensushealthcare.com







Key Executives for Sensus Healthcare, Inc.




Mr. Joseph C. Sardano


      	Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President
      


Age: 64
        

Total Annual Compensation: $390.0K








Mr. Arthur R. Levine CPA


      	Chief Financial Officer
      


Age: 59
        

Total Annual Compensation: $275.0K








Mr. Kalman Fishman


      	Chief Operating Officer and Chief Technology Officer
      


Age: 46
        

Total Annual Compensation: $246.8K








Mr. Stephen Cohen


      	Executive Vice President of Dermatology Sales & Marketing
      


Age: 57
        

Total Annual Compensation: $269.0K





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2016. 

Sensus Healthcare, Inc. Key Developments

Sensus Healthcare, Inc. Presents at 2017 Marcum Microcap Conference, Jun-15-2017 11:00 AM
Jun 1 17
Sensus Healthcare, Inc. Presents at 2017 Marcum Microcap Conference, Jun-15-2017 11:00 AM. Venue: The Grand Hyatt Hotel, New York, New York, United States. Speakers: Joseph C. Sardano, Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President.


Sensus Healthcare, Inc. Presents at 7th Annual LD Micro Invitational, Jun-06-2017 02:30 PM
May 16 17
Sensus Healthcare, Inc. Presents at 7th Annual LD Micro Invitational, Jun-06-2017 02:30 PM. Venue: Luxe Sunset Boulevard Hotel, Los Angeles, California, United States. Speakers: Joseph C. Sardano, Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President.


Sensus Healthcare, Inc. Reports Unaudited Earnings Results for the First Quarter Ended March 31, 2017
May 4 17
Sensus Healthcare, Inc. reported unaudited earnings results for the first quarter ended March 31, 2017. For the quarter, the company reported revenues of $4,354,349 against $3,035,204 a year ago. The increase was primarily the result of a strong contribution from the SRT-100 Vision, which has a higher average selling price. Loss from operations was $1,588,212 against income of $9,588 a year ago. Loss before income taxes was $1,572,133 against income of $2,717 a year ago. Net loss was $1,572,133 or $0.12 per basic and diluted share against net income of $2,081 or $0.00 per basic and diluted share a year ago. Adjusted LBITDA was $1,389,985 against adjusted EBITDA of $95,365 a year ago.


Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 .decimal, Inc. United States 20/20 GeneSystems Inc. United States 20/20 Imaging LLC United States 21st Century Scientific, Inc. United States 21X Corporation United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Sensus Healthcare, Inc., please visit www.sensushealthcare.com.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close






























    SRTS Key Statistics - Sensus Healthcare Inc. Financial Ratios - MarketWatch




































Bulletin






Investor Alert







New York Markets Close in:



Market Snapshot
Winners and Losers


















Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close































Sensus Healthcare Inc.

                  NASDAQ: SRTS
          



GO



Set Alerts
Find a Broker




Join TD Ameritrade




Market Index


 

Overview
      
Profile
      
News
      
Charts
      
Financials
      
Historical Quotes
      
Analyst Estimates
      
Options
      
SEC Filings
      
Insiders
      


/marketstate/country/us

Sensus Healthcare Inc.



Market open
 --Real time quotes
Jul 28, 2017, 2:49 p.m.


SRTS

/quotes/zigman/68946131/composite


$
4.00




Change

+0.09
+2.30%

Volume
Volume 9,100
Real time quotes








/quotes/zigman/68946131/composite
Previous close

$
			3.91
		


$
				4.00
			
Change

+0.09
+2.30%





Day low
Day high
$3.90
$4.05










52 week low
52 week high

            $3.38
        

            $6.69
        

















			Company Description 


			Sensus Healthcare, Inc. engages in the design, manufacture, and market of proprietary medical devices specializing in the treatment of non-melanoma skin cancers and other skin conditions. The company was founded by Joseph C. Sardano, Richard Golin and Stephen Cohen on May 7, 2010 and is headquartere...
		


                Sensus Healthcare, Inc. engages in the design, manufacture, and market of proprietary medical devices specializing in the treatment of non-melanoma skin cancers and other skin conditions. The company was founded by Joseph C. Sardano, Richard Golin and Stephen Cohen on May 7, 2010 and is headquartered in Boca Raton, FL.
            




Valuation

P/E Current
-124.05


P/E Ratio (with extraordinary items)
-25.61


Price to Sales Ratio
4.26


Price to Book Ratio
4.66


Enterprise Value to EBITDA
-1,406.10


Enterprise Value to Sales
2.23

Efficiency

Receivables Turnover
5.73


Total Asset Turnover
1.04

Liquidity

Current Ratio
4.58


Quick Ratio
4.24


Cash Ratio
3.15



Profitability

Gross Margin
66.48


Operating Margin
-2.45


Pretax Margin
-2.34


Net Margin
-2.34


Return on Assets
-2.42


Return on Equity
-3.27


Return on Total Capital
-3.21


Return on Invested Capital
-3.27

Capital Structure




      Officers and Executives
    



Name
Age
Officer Since
Title





Mr. Joseph C. Sardano 
65
2010
Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer



Mr. Kalman  Fishman 
-
2010
Chief Technology & Operating Officer



Mr. Arthur R. Levine 
58
2014
CFO & Principal Accounting Officer



Dr. Mark Steven Nestor 
-
2013
Clinical Director



Dr. Clay Jefferies Cockerell 
-
2013
Director-Medical Division





Insider Actions


 – Purchase

 – Sale
1
 – Number of Transactions











{"OrganizationDocuments":[{"Documents":[{"document":[{"reportDateGroup":[{"reportDate":"2011-06-09","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"5","tradeType":"A"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-17","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"3","tradeType":"D"},{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"A"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-16","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"2","tradeType":"D"},{"numTransactions":"8","tradeType":"A"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-13","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"D"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-12","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"D"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-11","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"D"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-02","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"D"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-03-10","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"5","tradeType":"A"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-02-17","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"4","tradeType":"D"},{"numTransactions":"2","tradeType":"A"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-02-15","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"8","tradeType":"A"},{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"D"}]}]}]}]}]}


Date
Name
Shares
Transaction
Value





06/02/2017

Arthur R. Levine 
Chief Financial Officer

24,420


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $4 per share.


97,680


01/31/2017

Arthur R. Levine 
Chief Financial Officer

29,003


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $4.99 per share.


144,724


01/20/2017

Arthur R. Levine 
Chief Financial Officer

10,000


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


12/02/2016

Joseph C. Sardano 
Chief Executive Officer; Director

166


 
Disposition at $6 per share.


996


12/02/2016

Kalman Fishman 
Chief Technology Officer

123


 
Disposition at $6 per share.


738


12/02/2016

Richard Golin 
Executive Vice President

123


 
Disposition at $6 per share.


738


12/02/2016

Stephen Cohen 
Executive Vice President

123


 
Disposition at $6 per share.


738


12/01/2016

Joseph C. Sardano 
Chief Executive Officer; Director

108


 
Disposition at $6 per share.


648


12/01/2016

Kalman Fishman 
Chief Technology Officer

64


 
Disposition at $6 per share.


384


12/01/2016

Richard Golin 
Executive Vice President

64


 
Disposition at $6 per share.


384


12/01/2016

Stephen Cohen 
Executive Vice President

64


 
Disposition at $6 per share.


384


11/30/2016

Joseph C. Sardano 
Chief Executive Officer; Director

520


 
Disposition at $6 per share.


3,120


11/30/2016

Kalman Fishman 
Chief Technology Officer

382


 
Disposition at $6 per share.


2,292


11/30/2016

Richard Golin 
Executive Vice President

382


 
Disposition at $6 per share.


2,292


11/30/2016

Stephen Cohen 
Executive Vice President

382


 
Disposition at $6 per share.


2,292


11/29/2016

Joseph C. Sardano 
Chief Executive Officer; Director

404


 
Disposition at $6 per share.


2,424


11/29/2016

Kalman Fishman 
Chief Technology Officer

297


 
Disposition at $6 per share.


1,782


11/29/2016

Richard Golin 
Executive Vice President

297


 
Disposition at $6 per share.


1,782


11/29/2016

Stephen Cohen 
Executive Vice President

297


 
Disposition at $6 per share.


1,782


07/08/2016

Samuel O'Rear 
Director

10,240


 



53,760


06/10/2016

William McCall 
Director

544,387


 



1,132,324


06/03/2016

John P. Heinrich 
Director

10,000


 
Acquisition at $5.25 per share.


52,500








/news/latest/company/us/srts

      MarketWatch News on SRTS
    
No News currently available for SRTS





/news/nonmarketwatch/company/us/srts

      Other News on SRTS
    





Premarket analyst action - healthcare

9:03 a.m. June 6, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha




 10-Q: SENSUS HEALTHCARE, INC.
12:02 p.m. May 9, 2017
 - Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)




 10-K: SENSUS HEALTHCARE, INC.
1:37 p.m. March 10, 2017
 - Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)





Sensus Healthcare on deck for IPO

10:56 a.m. March 18, 2016
 - Seeking Alpha














At a Glance

Sensus Healthcare, Inc.
851 Broken Sound Parkway NW
Suite 215

Boca Raton, Florida 33487




Phone
1 5619225808


Industry
Medical Equipment/Supplies


Sector
Health Care/Life Sciences


Fiscal Year-end
12/2017


View SEC Filings




Revenue
$14.81M


Net Income
$-346,448


2016 Sales Growth 
44.2%


Employees

        -


Annual Report for SRTS











/news/pressrelease/company/us/srts

      Press Releases on SRTS
    




 Corporate News Blog - Sensus Healthcare Announces Achievement of Approval from China's FDA for SRT-100, the Non-Invasive Superficial Radiation Therapy
7:22 a.m.  Today7:22 a.m. July 28, 2017
 - ACCESSWIRE




 Sensus Healthcare Receives Regulatory Approval to Sell the SRT-100™ in China for the Treatment and Prevention of Keloids
7:30 a.m. July 26, 2017
 - PR Newswire - PRF




 Sensus Healthcare to Host Second Quarter 2017 Financial Results and Business Update Conference Call on August 3, 2017
8:30 a.m. July 25, 2017
 - PR Newswire - PRF




 Sensus to Present at the 2017 Marcum MicroCap Conference
10:19 a.m. June 5, 2017
 - GlobeNewswire




 Sensus Healthcare to Present at the 7th Annual LD Micro Invitational
2:55 p.m. May 25, 2017
 - ACCESSWIRE




 Sensus Healthcare Awarded 2017 Technology Leader of the Year for Disruptive Technology from Greater Miami Chamber of Commerce
8:30 a.m. May 24, 2017
 - PR Newswire - PRF




 Sensus Healthcare First Quarter Financial Results Feature Revenues up 43%
4:01 p.m. May 4, 2017
 - PR Newswire - PRF




 Investor Network: Sensus Healthcare, Inc. to Host Earnings Call
8:47 a.m. May 4, 2017
 - ACCESSWIRE




 Sensus Healthcare to Host First Quarter 2017 Financial Results and Business Update Conference Call on May 4, 2017
8:30 a.m. April 27, 2017
 - PR Newswire - PRF




 Sensus Healthcare issues letter to stockholders
4:34 p.m. April 24, 2017
 - PR Newswire - PRF




 Sensus Healthcare to Present at the 29th Annual ROTH Conference
11:30 a.m. March 7, 2017
 - PR Newswire - PRF




 Sensus Healthcare to Participate in 2017 South Beach Symposium on February 9 - 12 in Miami
9:30 a.m. Feb. 7, 2017
 - PR Newswire - PRF




 Sensus Healthcare to Announce Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2016 Results on February 2, 2017
9:30 a.m. Jan. 19, 2017
 - PR Newswire - PRF




 Sensus Healthcare to Participate in Annual JP Morgan Healthcare Conference Week on January 9th - 11th in San Francisco
9:30 a.m. Jan. 3, 2017
 - PR Newswire - PRF




 Sensus Healthcare Receives the BioFlorida Company of the Year Award
5:05 p.m. Dec. 13, 2016
 - PR Newswire - PRF




 Sensus Healthcare to Participate in Two Upcoming Investor Conferences on November 30th and December 1st
9:30 a.m. Nov. 16, 2016
 - PR Newswire - PRF




 Sensus Healthcare Reports Third Quarter 2016 Results
4:05 p.m. Nov. 3, 2016
 - PR Newswire - PRF




 Sensus Healthcare to Announce Third Quarter 2016 Results on November 3, 2016
8:30 a.m. Oct. 20, 2016
 - PR Newswire - PRF




 Sensus Healthcare to Participate in Important Dermatological and Institutional Investor Conferences from October 20th to October 23rd
8:30 a.m. Oct. 6, 2016
 - PR Newswire - PRF




 Sensus Healthcare, Inc. Receives the Frost & Sullivan 2016 Global Non-melanoma Skin Cancer Therapy Technology Leadership Award
8:30 a.m. Sept. 7, 2016
 - PR Newswire - PRF


Loading more headlines...









Trending Tickers


/quotes/zigman/17636479/composite VUZI+15.60%


/quotes/zigman/237947/composite JCP-5.83%


/quotes/zigman/59392505/composite NUGT-2.93%


/quotes/zigman/59386294/composite JNUG-5.94%


/quotes/zigman/65801738/composite TLT+1.11%


X




Powered by














Log In




2:51 PM EDT
July 28, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Open


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
2:50pWeekend roundup: Amazon’s spending | Surviving Amazon |  Caterpillar’s comeback
2:50pWhat the proposed 20% cut in farm subsidies mean for your grocery bill
2:50pHealth-care fund managers say a spike in drugs and devices will produce big returns
2:50pCORRECTEDGoodyear stock stumbles 11% after quarter ‘played out differently than we expected’
2:49pWhat 10 million simulations tell us about President Trump’s chances of achieving 3% economic growth
2:47pPeople still aren’t saving for retirement — and that’s part of why myRA is shutting down 
2:47pTo be a better investor, read more good novels
2:46pAct like a pro athlete the next time you ask for a pay raise 
2:46pWhy gold buyers are so susceptible to fraud
2:44pOil prices log biggest weekly gain of the year
2:39pGold tallies third weekly gain on North Korea news, weaker dollar 
2:39pSept. WTI oil climbs 67 cents, or 1.4%, to settle at $49.71/bbl
2:39pWTI oil ends at highest since late May, up 8.6% for the week
2:35pWhat Trump could do to make Obamacare ‘implode’
2:32pAre you prepared for retirement? 10 questions to ask yourself
2:32p10 questions to ask yourself before you buy — or sell — a house
2:24pWage-rebound story takes another hit after drab ECI report
2:24pStock market lower after Amazon disappointment, but pares losses
2:15pHow a college degree is like a Social Security check
2:13pOpinion Journal: The Trump Tax Reform Agenda
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,809.89

+13.34
+0.06%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,374.22

-7.96
-0.12%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,470.20

-5.22
-0.21%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15

























































Sensus Healthcare Inc: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback
















sensus healthcare inc
Public Company









Company Profile
Sector: Health Care
Industry: Medical Equipment & Devices
Sub-Industry: Medical Equipment
Sensus Healthcare, Inc. operates as a medical device company. The Company specializes in the treatment of non-melanoma skin cancers and other skin conditions, such as keloids, with superficial radiation therapy. Sensus Healthcare conducts business worldwide.




Corporate Information
Address:

851 Broken Sound Parkway
Northwest, Suite 215
Boca Raton, FL 33487
United States


Phone:
1-561-922-5808


Fax:
1-561-948-2071


Web url:
www.sensushealthcare.com





Board Members




Chairman/Pres/CEO/Co-Founder
Company


Joseph Sardano
Sensus Healthcare Inc








Board Members
Company


Anthony Petrelli
Neidiger Tucker Bruner Inc










Show More
























From The Web












Press Releases




Sensus Healthcare Receives Regulatory Approval to Sell the SRT-100™ in China for the Treatment and Prevention of Keloids

Jul 26, 2017



Sensus Healthcare to Host Second Quarter 2017 Financial Results and Business Update Conference Call on August 3, 2017

Jul 25, 2017



Sensus to Present at the 2017 Marcum MicroCap Conference

Jun 05, 2017



Sensus Healthcare Awarded 2017 Technology Leader of the Year for Disruptive Technology from Greater Miami Chamber of Commerce

May 24, 2017



Sensus Healthcare First Quarter Financial Results Feature Revenues up 43%

May 04, 2017



Sensus Healthcare to Host First Quarter 2017 Financial Results and Business Update Conference Call on May 4, 2017

Apr 27, 2017



Sensus Healthcare issues letter to stockholders

Apr 24, 2017



Sensus Healthcare to Present at the 29th Annual ROTH Conference

Mar 07, 2017






Key Executives


Joseph C Sardano


Chairman/Pres/CEO/Co-Founder




Arthur R Levine


Chief Financial Officer




Kalman Fishman


Chief Operating Ofcr/Chief Technology Ofcr




Richard Golin


Exec VP:Sales




Stephen Cohen


Senior VP:Strategic/Co-Founder







Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data












































        Non-Surgical Skin Cancer Treatment | SRT-100™        Sensus Healthcare    
























































SRT-100™ Locator















Join Sensus Healthcare at the AAPM Annual Meeting!



                    Learn More Here >






Join Sensus Healthcare at Practical Symposium!



                    Learn More Here >






Non-Surgical Treatment for Non-Melanoma Skin Cancer

                    It makes sense.                

                    Find Out More >






The Precise SRT-100™

                    Tough on cancer, sensitive on the skin.                

                    LEARN MORE ABOUT THE SRT-100™ >







Less Risk. Better Results.

                    A sensible approach for high-risk patients.                

                    Learn More >






Every patient deserves a choice

                    And sensational results                

                    Play Video >






A treatment for Keloids at last

                    Don't suffer senselessly.                

                    Find Out More >












            No Cutting        





            No Pain        





            No Downtime        





            No Scarring        

















A sensitive approach to non-melanoma skin cancer
Sensus Healthcare is dedicated to improving the lives of men and women who suffer from skin cancer. We believe every patient deserves a choice. It’s the reason we offer a painless, safe and highly effective non-surgical skin cancer treatment that is an alternative to surgery—Superficial Radiation Therapy using the SRT-100™.
Today, nearly five million people in the United States are treated for skin cancer, with four million new cases of basal and squamous cell (non-melanoma) skin cancer diagnosed each year. Treatment often involves invasive incisions that damage healthy tissue, painful healing, lengthy recovery and unsightly scarring that takes an emotional toll on patients. Sensus Healthcare is changing all that.





QUICK CANCER FACTS





                    Each year there are more new cases of skin cancer than the combined incidence of cancers of the breast, prostate, lung and colon.
                

                    Treatment of non-melanoma skin cancers increased by nearly 77 percent between 1992 and 2006.
                

                    Each year in the US, nearly 5 million people are treated for skin cancer. In 2006, in the most recent study available, 3.5 million cases were diagnosed in 2.2 million people.
                

                    Over the past three decades, more people have had skin cancer than all other cancers combined.
                

                    One in five Americans will develop skin cancer in the course of a lifetime.
                

                    13 million white non-Hispanics living in the US at the beginning of 2007 had at least one nonmelanoma skin cancer, typically diagnosed as basal cell carcinoma (BCC) or squamous cell carcinoma (SCC).
                

                    Between 40 and 50 percent of Americans who live to age 65 will have either basal cell carcinoma (BCC) or squamous cell carcinoma (SCC) at least once.
                

                    Basal cell carcinoma is the most common form of skin cancer; an estimated 2.8 million are diagnosed annually in the US. BCCs are rarely fatal, but can be highly disfiguring if allowed to grow.
                

                    Squamous cell carcinoma is the second most common form of skin cancer. An estimated 700,000 cases of SCC are diagnosed each year in the US.
                

                    The incidence of squamous cell carcinoma has been rising, with increases up to 200 percent over the past three decades in the US.
                

                    Organ transplant patients are up to 250 times more likely than the general public to develop squamous cell carcinoma (SCC).
                

                    About two percent of squamous cell carcinoma patients – between 3,900 and 8,800 people – died from the disease in the US in 2012.
                

                    As many as three thousand deaths from advanced basal cell carcinoma occur annually in the US.
                

                    Actinic keratosis is the most common precancer; it affects more than 58 million Americans.
                

                    Approximately 65 percent of all squamous cell carcinomas and 36 percent of all basal cell carcinomas arise in lesions that previously were diagnosed as actinic keratoses.
                

                    About 90 percent of non-melanoma skin cancers are associated with exposure to ultraviolet (UV) radiation from the sun.
                








A non-surgical skin cancer treatment that makes sense
Leveraging clinically-proven technology that has been used for more than 50 years, the innovative SRT-100™ delivers a precise, calibrated dose of Superficial Radiation Therapy that only goes skin deep. This low-dose of radiation safely destroys non-melanoma skin cancer cells. Performed right in the doctor’s office, Superficial Radiation Therapy with the SRT-100™ delivers optimum results without the negative side effects of invasive treatments. It is ideal for patients with existing medical conditions that make surgery a serious health risk.







Preserving the sensual beauty of the skin


Along with excellent cure rates that rival surgery, patients and physicians enjoy many advantages when they choose the SRT-100™ as their treatment of choice.
The compact and completely portable SRT-100™ destroys non-melanoma skin cancer without destroying healthy tissue. Without cutting and stitching, there is less risk for infection and reconstructive plastic surgery isn’t needed to repair unsightly surgical scars.








Patients

                        Discover how Sensus Healthcare and the SRT-100™ are removing the physical and emotional pain often associated with skin cancer treatment.                    
Find Out More >













Physicians

                        Discover how Sensus Healthcare and its non-surgical skin cancer solution are helping dermatologist and radiation oncologist improve outcomes for their skin cancer patients.                    
Find Out More >













The SRT-100™

                        The SRT-100™ also delivers dramatic results in the removal and prevention of keloids—bumpy, ridged, unsightly scars created by excessive scar tissue.                    
Find Out More >























Solutions▼Superficial Radiation TherapySkin Cancer TreatmentBasal Cell Carcinoma TreatmentSquamous Cell Carcinoma TreatmentKeloid RemovalSRT-100™SRT-100 Vision™Alternative to Mohs SurgeryAbout▼CompanyLeadershipMedical AdvisoryBoardFAQPatient OutcomesNewsCareersFor PhysiciansInvestorsContact 



  































        SRT Practice Advantage | SRT-100™ | For Physicians        Sensus Healthcare    


























































SRT-100™ Locator













The SRT-100™ just
got more valuable. Sensus Healthcare is proud to 
announce the SRT Practice Advantage!
Login Here









As a physician, it is up to you to make sure your patients have access to and are making the best choices possible when it comes to treating their non-melanoma skin cancer and keloids. To do so, you must be able to present to them a variety of options for treatment and help them choose the best option for their bodies. While you might have several different options to explore with your patients, the odds are that most of them involve cutting into the skin in some way, which is intimidating for patients wanting the easiest, most painless and efficient way to remove their skin cancer or keloids.
















            No Cutting        





            No Pain        





            No Downtime        





            No Scarring        






The SRT-100™ eliminates the burdens of cutting, pain, downtime and scarring. This state-of-the-art machinery uses a non-surgical process to remove non-melanoma skin cancer including basal cell carcinoma and squamous cell carcinoma as well as keloids, and it has a 95% cure rate, rivaling surgery. Treatment with the SRT-100™ can be performed right in your office. However, do your patients know that they have this option?






Sensus Healthcare sees the need for physicians not only to offer this option, but to also have the necessary tools to increase awareness among patients and in the community about the SRT-100™. That is why we offer the SRT Practice Advantage.
The SRT Practice Advantage includes a package of marketing materials available to our physicians upon purchase of the SRT-100™ or the SRT-100 Vision™. We are now able to better assist our practices with promoting the SRT-100™ to existing patients and referring physicians.
It does not stop there. The benefits of our marketing package also include helping you to increase awareness in the community around the SRT-100™ and to offer patient education on alternative skin cancer treatment and keloid scar removal options.






There are several assets that will be available to you with the marketing kit, including the following:





BLOG POSTS
Blog posts for your website, each with a different topic regarding the SRT-100™ or SRT-100 Vision™













BRANDED PHOTOS
Branded stock photos for use on social media, email blasts or your website










CLINICAL PHOTOS
Clinical photos for use on social media, email blasts or your website













PRODUCT PHOTOS
Product photos of the SRT-100™ and SRT-100 Vision™ machines for use on social media, email blasts or your website





INFORMATIONAL VIDEO
Informational video for your waiting room, email blasts or your website
CLICK HERE TO PLAY






TESTIMONIAL VIDEO
Informational video for your waiting room, email blasts or your website
CLICK HERE TO PLAY








SENSUS
HEALTHCARE LOGOS
Mulitple file types and variations of the Sensus Healthcare logo for you to use with your marketing













PRESS RELEASE TEMPLATE
Press release template announcing that you offer the SRT-100™ or SRT-100 Vision™





ANNOUNCEMENT LETTERS
Letter to referring physicians announcing that you offer the SRT-100™ or SRT-100 Vision™






TRI-FOLD BROCHURE
Brochures for your office and to send out to patients and referring physicians









EMAIL BLAST TEMPLATE
Email blast template announcing that you offer the SRT-100™ or SRT-100 Vision™





LANDING PAGE TEMPLATE
Landing page template to add a page to your website with information on the SRT-100™ or SRT-100 Vision™






POSTCARD
Post card or leave behind announcing that you offer the SRT-100™ or SRT-100 Vision™






FULL PAGE AD
Full page print magazine advertisement announcing that you offer the SRT-100™ or SRT-100 Vision™





The Physicians Marketing Kit is now available through our online portal and will be made available to you as an SRT-100™ physician. We are excited to offer this set of marketing materials to our users and to spread the word about non-surgical skin cancer treatment and keloid removal in the community.
If you are ready to offer your patients a new, non-surgical, painless treatment option for their basal cell and squamous cell carcinoma and keloids, Superficial Radiation Therapy is the treatment to offer. To learn more about the SRT-100™ and SRT-100 Vision™ and how it can help your practice, contact Sensus Healthcare today. We are ready and willing to answer any questions you have and help you improve your practice.










Patients


FIND AN SRT PROVIDER >













Physicians


CONNECT WITH AN SRT REP >

























Solutions▼Superficial Radiation TherapySkin Cancer TreatmentBasal Cell Carcinoma TreatmentSquamous Cell Carcinoma TreatmentKeloid RemovalSRT-100™SRT-100 Vision™Alternative to Mohs SurgeryAbout▼CompanyLeadershipMedical AdvisoryBoardFAQPatient OutcomesNewsCareersFor PhysiciansInvestorsContact 



  
































Sensus Healthcare, Inc. - NASDAQ:SRTS - Stock Quote & News - TheStreet






















 





















Action Alerts PLUS

Access AAPJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 2017Charitable Trust PortfolioMost Recent Trade Alert25 Investing Rules10 Trading Commandments

Real Money

Access RM25 Rules of InvestingJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 201710 CommandmentsStressed Out StocksCramer's Blog

Cramer
Mad Money
ETFs
Futures
Markets
Much More

BanksBiotechRetailTechPersonal FinanceRetirementFinancial Advisor CenterHow to SpendOptionsFixed IncomeVideo










Privacy Policy|Terms of Use© 1996- TheStreet Inc. All rights reserved
















                                DJIA
                            







                                NASDAQ
                            







                                S&P 500
                            






Market Data updated






Sign In




Your Membership(s)








Your Account





Account Preferences


Alerts


Newsletters







Subscribe





Logout



Subscribe

Access insights and guidance from our Wall Street pros. Find the product that's right for you.
Action Alerts PLUS
Action Alerts OPTIONS
Daily Swing Trade
Income Seeker
Quant Ratings
Real Money
Real Money Pro
Stocks Under $10
Top Stocks
Trifecta Stocks
Real Money Pro Portfolio
Chairman's Club
Compare All 
Chatter on the Street













































 






















Sensus Healthcare, Inc. (SRTS)
Follow




                                    4.00
                                

0.09
2.30




                        NASDAQ 
                    

Jul 28, 2017 2:35 PM EDT












Prev Close
  3.91


Open
4.00


Day Low/High

                                    3.90 /
                                    4.05


52 Wk Low/High

                                    3.38 /
                                    6.69
                                


Volume
8.70K











Exchange
NASDAQ


Shares Outstanding
13.53B


Market Cap
52.49M


Div & Yield

                                        
                                            N.A. (N.A)
                                        
                                    























Trade with Jim Cramer 14 Days FREE 









Latest News









Sensus Healthcare Receives Regulatory Approval To Sell The SRT-100™ In China For The Treatment And Prevention Of Keloids











Sensus Healthcare To Host Second Quarter 2017 Financial Results And Business Update Conference Call On August 3, 2017













Sensus To Present At The 2017 Marcum MicroCap Conference


Jun 5, 2017 10:19 AM EDT









Sensus Healthcare Awarded 2017 Technology Leader Of The Year For Disruptive Technology From Greater Miami Chamber Of Commerce


May 24, 2017 8:30 AM EDT









Sensus Healthcare To Host First Quarter 2017 Financial Results And Business Update Conference Call On May 4, 2017


Apr 27, 2017 8:30 AM EDT









Sensus Healthcare Issues Letter To Stockholders


Apr 24, 2017 4:34 PM EDT









Sensus Healthcare To Present At The 29th Annual ROTH Conference


Mar 7, 2017 10:30 AM EST













5 Ways Allergan Can Keep Up Momentum
Allergan's most-recent quarterly financial report for Q4/2016 showed solid results.

Feb 15, 2017 3:03 PM EST









Sensus Healthcare To Participate In 2017 South Beach Symposium On February 9 - 12 In Miami
-- Joe Sardano, Sensus Healthcare CEO, to Participate in CEO Forum on February 11

Feb 7, 2017 8:30 AM EST













Sensus Healthcare To Announce Fourth Quarter And Full Year 2016 Results On February 2, 2017


Jan 19, 2017 8:30 AM EST





























From Our Partners



Premarket analyst action - healthcare

SeekingAlpha



Sensus Healthcare initiated with a Buy at Maxim

The Fly



Sensus Healthcare reports Q1 results

SeekingAlpha



Sensus Healthcare beats by $0.03, beats on revenue

SeekingAlpha



Sensus Healthcare reports Q3 results

SeekingAlpha



Sensus Healthcare reports Q2 results

SeekingAlpha


































 











Trending


Worst Performing Tech Stocks: AMZN, AMD, MU, WDC


Jim Cramer Nails Starbucks' Big Decline, Warns Again of Downside to $50


U.S. Steel Shares Are Being Torched, Thanks to One Stock Analyst


Intel Is Well-Positioned for Growth as Long as AMD Doesn't Get In the Way


Better Entry Point for Amazon Investors Is Coming Soon











Advertising Partners



 






 






 






 


























 

























 







































 


©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved.Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc.




Compare Brokers



 







 







 







 







 







 




















        Alternative to Mohs Surgery | SRT-100™        Sensus Healthcare    


























































SRT-100™ Locator
















A Sensible Alternative to Mohs surgery.




An Alternative to Mohs Surgery for Skin Cancer Treatment
For nearly 90 years, Mohs Surgery has been the procedure of choice for the treatment of basal cell carcinoma and squamous cell carcinoma. Originally developed in the 1930’s by Dr. Frederick Mohs, it has been used to treat many kinds of skin cancer.
Mohs surgery, also known as chemosurgery, is a highly specialized microscopic procedure for the removal of skin cancer in which the affected lesion of skin is excised in its entirety utilizing frozen section histology. This procedure is designed to minimize the amount of tissue excised, leading to less scarring than other treatments. There are three surgical steps to Mohs surgery, including the surgical removal of the visible portion of skin cancer with excision or scraping, the surgical removal of a thin layer of tissue at the bed of the cancer, and examination of the excised tissue microscopically in order to trace out and locate any remaining areas of cancer.
Despite the benefits of Mohs surgery, there are no procedures without some drawbacks. Mohs surgery is very laborious and time consuming, and it requires specialized training, support personnel and equipment. Some patients may not be able to tolerate the length of the Mohs procedure and in some cases, healthy tissue may be compromised during surgery. Patients undergoing Mohs surgery may also experience scarring or infection.






A BETTER OPTION.




There is now a new, non-surgical alternative to Mohs surgery available for skin care patients. The SRT-100™ is a state-of-the-art device that delivers a precise, calibrated dose of Superficial Radiation Therapy that only goes skin deep. This low-dose of radiation safely destroys non-melanoma skin cancer cells without damaging healthy surrounding tissue. There is no cutting or stitching, less risk for infection, and no need for reconstructive plastic surgery to repair surgical scars.
Performed right in the physician’s office, this alternative to Mohs surgery with the SRT-100™ delivers optimum results to treat skin cancer without the negative side effects of invasive treatments. This treatment is ideal for patients who have existing medical conditions that may make surgery a serious health risk.
With a 95 percent cure rate, the SRT-100™ alternative to Mohs surgery does what no other skin cancer treatment can do. It cures skin cancer without ever invading the skin.
Are you searching for an alternative to Mohs surgery for treatment of skin cancer? Look no further than Superficial Radiation Therapy with the SRT-100™.
LEARN MORE ABOUT THE SRT-100TM






Enjoy Sensational Benefits
Along with cure rates that rival surgery and less risk for post-procedure infections, the SRT-100™ provides patients and physicians with a safe and effective alternative to Mohs surgery for skin cancer treatment. The SRT-100™ offers many benefits, including:




Excellent cure rates
that rival surgery

Short Treatment
Sessions

No anesthesia, cutting,
bleeding, stitching or pain

No downtime or
lifestyle restrictions

Super cosmesis, no
unsightly scarring

No need for post-treatment
reconstructive surgeries













Patients


FIND AN SRT PROVIDER >













Physicians


CONNECT WITH AN SRT REP >

























Solutions▲Superficial Radiation TherapySkin Cancer TreatmentBasal Cell Carcinoma TreatmentSquamous Cell Carcinoma TreatmentKeloid RemovalSRT-100™SRT-100 Vision™Alternative to Mohs SurgeryAbout▼CompanyLeadershipMedical AdvisoryBoardFAQPatient OutcomesNewsCareersFor PhysiciansInvestorsContact 



  































        News - Sensus Healthcare        Sensus Healthcare    

















































SRT-100™ Locator













News
  
Select Category
Blog
Case Studies
Clinical Publications
Events
In the News
Multimedia
News
Press Release


 











Medical device company taps into 1.4 billion-person market with deal in China
News
Boca Raton medical device maker Sensus Healthcare has been cleared to expand operations in China, bringing its skin-treatment technology to a country with more than 1.4 billion people. Sensus Healthcare (NASDAQ: SRTS) has made a name for itself in the medical community with
READ MORE >











Sensus Healthcare Receives Regulatory Approval to Sell the SRT-100™ in China for the Treatment and Prevention of Keloids
Press Release
BOCA RATON, Fla. (July 26, 2017) – Sensus Healthcare, Inc. (Nasdaq: SRTS), a medical device company specializing in the non-invasive treatment of non-melanoma skin cancers and keloids with superficial radiation therapy (SRT), announces that the SRT-100™ has been cleared by
READ MORE >











“I feel more alive:” FOX6 viewers’ generosity helps man get debilitating keloids removed after insurance denial
Multimedia
Treatment with Sensus Healthcare’s SRT-100™ following surgical removal of this man’s keloids reduced the chance of recurrence to just 4%. Click here to view the full article on FOX6NOW.com.  
READ MORE >











Sensus Healthcare to Exhibit at the 2017 American Association of Physicists in Medicine Annual Meeting
Press Release
BOCA RATON, Fla. – July 19, 2017 – Sensus Healthcare, Inc. (NASDAQ: SRTS), a medical device company specializing in the treatment of non-melanoma skin cancers (NMSC) and other skin conditions, such as keloids with Superficial Radiation Therapy (SRT), announced that
READ MORE >











Advancing Keloid Treatment: A Novel Multimodal Approach to Ear Keloids
Clinical Publications
Michael E. Jones, MD,* Jennifer McLane, FNP,* Rachael Adenegan, FNP-C,* JoAnne Lee, PA-BC,* and Christine A. Ganzer, PMHNP, PhD† BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVE Management of keloids of the pinna, in particular, those located in the helix and antihelix and lobule that occur as
READ MORE >







 



Skin cancer treatment technology provides alternative to surgery for skin cancer patients
News
Skin cancer generally appears within the first two to three millimeters of the surface of the skin. “The traditional way to treat skin cancer is surgery,” said Dr. Jeffrey Brackeen, with the Skin Cancer Institute of Lubbock. The SRT-100, he
READ MORE >











Non-surgical local skin cancer treatment
Multimedia
The National Cancer Institute estimates 40-50% of Americans age 65 and over will have skin cancer at least once. Joe Sardano with Sensus Healthcare stopped by to tell us about its SRT technology the company says provides patients a safe,
READ MORE >







 



The SRT-100™: Non-Invasive Squamous Cell Carcinoma Treatment
Blog
While Mohs surgery has proven to be an extremely effective method of treatment for non-melanoma skin cancers like squamous cell carcinoma and basal cell carcinoma, there are many significant downsides to this procedure from a patient’s perspective. Depending on the
READ MORE >







 



The Symptoms of Squamous Cell Carcinoma
Blog
The symptoms of squamous cell carcinoma often appear as scaly, irritated skin, or elevated growths similar to warts. Only a trained physician or specialist can decide for sure if it is squamous cell carcinoma. If you believe you may have
READ MORE >











My New Favorite Thing: SUPERFICIAL RADIATION THERAPY
News
With Sensus’ superficial radiation therapy (SRT), we may be entering uncharted waters where keloid recurrence after surgery and SRT leads to no, or a very low, incidence of keloid recurrence. With this, we will change the paradigm in the treatment
READ MORE >







Page 1 of 1312345...10...»Last »









Patients


FIND AN SRT PROVIDER >













Physicians


CONNECT WITH AN SRT REP >
















            No Cutting        





            No Pain        





            No Downtime        





            No Scarring        
















Solutions▼Superficial Radiation TherapySkin Cancer TreatmentBasal Cell Carcinoma TreatmentSquamous Cell Carcinoma TreatmentKeloid RemovalSRT-100™SRT-100 Vision™Alternative to Mohs SurgeryAbout▼CompanyLeadershipMedical AdvisoryBoardFAQPatient OutcomesNewsCareersFor PhysiciansInvestorsContact 



  































        About Sensus Healthcare | SRT Treatment | SRT-100™        Sensus Healthcare    


























































SRT-100™ Locator
















PROVEN PERFORMANCE, SENSATIONAL RESULTS






At Sensus Healthcare, we are devoted to making a difference in the lives of people who suffer from non-melanoma skin cancer and unsightly keloid scarring. By designing and manufacturing safe and reliable state-of-the-art Superficial Radiation Therapy technology right here in the United States, we are providing compassionate dermatologists and oncologists around the world with a non-surgical treatment option that empowers them to cure patients without compromising patient confidence, dignity or quality of life.
The compact and mobile SRT-100™ is making this standard of care accessible to more patients. Not only does the SRT meet stringent safety requirements set by the FDA, UL and ISO/CE Mark certification, it is backed by accomplished, ethical leadership and scientific case studies that are testaments to the SRT’s exceptional performance.
VIEW OUR CASE STUDIES















SENIOR LEADERSHIP TEAM











MEDICAL ADVISORY BOARD











BOARD OF DIRECTORS













LEADERSHIP
TEAM




Joseph C. Sardano
Chief Executive Officer
A recognized leader in the healthcare industry, Joe Sardano has spent more than 30 years in management and marketing. He has a successful history of introducing and commercializing new technologies and services in many areas, including electronic brachytherapy, PET and PET/CT, SPECT, MRI, lithotripsy and digital radiography. Before joining Sensus Healthcare, Sardano held leadership and management roles at CTI Molecular Imaging, GE Medical Systems, Siemens Medical Systems, Elscint Inc and Toshiba America Medical Systems, among others.

Richard Golin
Executive Vice President
Oncology & International Sales

Richard Golin is an experienced healthcare business management and sales executive with an outstanding record in sales, operations and strategic planning. He has worked with portfolios valued at up to $85 million, and consistently exceeded sales and profit goals. Before joining Sensus Healthcare, Golin served as a senior executive with world-class corporations including Toshiba Medical Systems, Siemens, CTI Molecular Imaging and Hologic.

Arthur Levine
Chief Financial Officer
Arthur Levine has held senior finance roles in public and private companies in many industry sectors, including medical diagnostics, real estate and technology. Most recently, Levine served as Chief Accounting Officer of Trade Street Residential—a REIT—and played a key role in its IPO. He was also the Chief Financial Officer of IVAX Diagnostics, a publicly traded in-vitro diagnostics company that develops, manufactures and distributes diagnostic reagents, test kits and instrumentation worldwide. Levine worked at Ernst & Young in the United States and abroad. He received his Bachelor of Science from the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania and is a Certified Public Accountant.

Kal Fishman
Chief Technology Officer
Before joining Sensus Healthcare, Kal Fishman served as Vice President of Sales and Business Development with an artificial intelligence image diagnostics company. He has extensive P&L experience, along with a broad customer and vendor relationship base in the diagnostic medical imaging arena. Fishman previously served as a Global Product Manager and Six Sigma Black Belt at General Electric Medical Systems where he oversaw a successful $20MM global product line and led the Discovery™ LS PET/CT scanner e-campaign. During his tenure as Director of Sales and Marketing with Siemens Medical Systems, Fishman established and led the successful preclinical imaging division—achieving an 80 percent global market share and 100 percent CAGR throughout his leadership. Fishman holds an industry patent for the invention and commercialization of a handheld imaging device used in nuclear medicine and PET diagnostic imaging.

Steve Cohen
Executive Vice President
Strategic Initiatives & Dermatology
Steve Cohen has a strong history of sales and marketing in radiation therapy and diagnostic services. He is an accomplished entrepreneur and developer, skilled in shepherding new strategic business relationships to long-term recurring revenues and profits. In leadership roles with multinational organizations such as Technicare (J&J), Diasonics and Xoft, Inc., Cohen consistently delivered tangible successes.






MEDICAL
ADVISORY
BOARD




Clay J. Cockerell, MD
Medical Director
Clay J. Cockerell, MD, is a practicing dermatologist and dermatopathologist in Dallas, Texas. He is Director of Cockerell and Associates Dermpath Diagnostics Laboratories, a clinical professor of dermatology and pathology, and Director of Dermatopathology at the University of Texas Southwestern Medical Center.
Dr. Cockerell received his medical degree from Baylor College of Medicine in 1981. He has authored over 500 publications and has trained more than 40 dermatopathology fellows since 1988. He has lectured extensively across the United States and around the world.
Dr. Cockerell has held many leadership roles with the American Academy of Dermatology, including President (2005); Secretary-Treasurer (2001-2004); Board of Directors (1998-2004); Executive Committee (1998-2004); Assistant Secretary-Treasurer (1998-2001); and served on many of its committees. He also served as President of the Texas Dermatological Society (2003-2004).
Dr. Cockrell has served on the editorial board of numerous journals, including Assistant Editor for Journal of the American Academy of Dermatology (1993-1998). He is active in the American Academy of HIV Medicine, American College of Physician Executives, American Medical Association, American Society of Clinical Pathologists, American Society of Dermatology, College of American Pathologists, Dallas County Medical Society, International Academy of Pathology, International AIDS Society, International Society of Dermatology, Louisiana Dermatology Society, Masters Dermatologic Association, North American Clinical Dermatologic Society, Sir James Saunders Society, South Central Dermatology Society, Southwestern Dermatology Association, Texas Medical Association, Texas Society of Pathologists, United States and Canadian Academy of Pathology.

Mark Nestor, MD, Ph.D.
Clinical Director
Mark S. Nestor, MD, Ph.D. is the director of the Center for Cosmetic Enhancement® and the Center for Clinical and Cosmetic Research® in Aventura, Florida, and a voluntary associate professor of the Department of Dermatology and Cutaneous Surgery at the University of Miami, Leonard Miller School of Medicine. He is a past president of the American Society for Photodynamic Therapy, the International Society for Cosmetic and Laser Surgeons, and Florida Society of Dermatology and Dermatologic Surgery.
Dr. Nestor received his Ph.D. in Experimental Pathology and Immunology from UCLA and his medical degree from UCLA School of Medicine. He completed his residency in Dermatology at New York University.
Dr. Nestor is recognized as a world expert in skin cancer and cutaneous oncology, superficial radiation therapy, cutaneous laser surgery, photodynamic therapy, and the use of fillers and toxins in aesthetic medicine. He conducts FDA and non-FDA clinical trials on pharmaceuticals and devices used in clinical and aesthetic dermatology. He also serves as a consultant to numerous pharmaceutical and device companies—assisting them in the development of new medications, devices and cosmeceuticals.
Dr. Nestor also has authored more than 65 articles and book chapters and has delivered over 600 major presentations around the world. He has also directed over 50 meetings and symposia on relevant topics in the field of cosmetic dermatology, laser surgery and practice management. He also chairs the Annual South Beach Symposium.

 

Armand B. Cognetta, Jr., MD
Dermatology
Dr. Armand B. Cognetta, Jr., MD, has served as chairman and member of the Sensus Healthcare Medical Advisory Board since February 2011. As a recognized leader and innovator in his field, he provides clinical guidance and patient advocacy in the ongoing development of SENSUS Healthcare’s leading superficial radiotherapy product platform, the SRT-100™, and also leads the company’s multi-disciplinary medical advisory board to provide Sensus with clinical, ethical and scientific guidance regarding the development of future products and services. Joining Dr. Cognetta on the board, is a very distinguished and experienced panel of thought leaders on the treatment of skin cancer with photon x-ray technology. He serves as a member of the Scientific and Medical Advisory Committee of MELA Sciences, Inc. (also known as Electro-Optical Sciences, Inc.). Dr. Cognetta has practiced privately with Dermatology Associates of Tallahassee. He is a member of the American Academy of Dermatology, former president of the Florida Society of Dermatology, and past president of the Dermatology Photography Society.

Gary D. Monheit, MD
Dermatology
Gary Monheit, MD, is a native of Ossining, New York though he grew up in Tucson, Arizona. He graduated from the University of Arizona in 1966, and from the University of Colorado Medical School in 1970. He completed his medical internship at the University of Southern California, followed by a residency in dermatology at the University of Alabama at Birmingham in 1977—where he served as chief resident. Dr. Monheit also completed a fellowship in Moh’s micrographic surgery under Dr. Frederick Mohs, along with a training program in dermatologic surgery, at the University of Wisconsin in 1978.
Dr. Monheit is currently an associate clinical professor of dermatology at the University of Alabama at Birmingham and is the founder of Dermatology Associates, a private practice he established in 1978. He founded the first Mohs surgical practice for skin cancer in Alabama, along with a year-long fellowship training program in skin cancer that has been enhancing the skills of dermatological surgeons since 1986.
Dr. Monheit has lectured internationally on Mohs micrographic surgery, hair transplantation, chemical peeling, dermabrasion, soft tissue augmentation, laser surgery and cosmetic dermatologic surgery.
He has published over 50 articles in medical literature and chapters in books. From 1994 until 2007, Dr. Monheit was selected for the annual “Best Doctors in America.” He is currently conducting clinical research with dermal fillers, soft tissue augmentation and botulinum toxin for cosmetic usage and has served as a principle investigator for FDA trials of new products. His current practice interests include cosmetic dermatologic surgery, Mohs micrographic surgery and skin cancer. He is board certified in dermatology by the American Board of Dermatology and in cosmetic surgery by the American Board of Cosmetic Surgeons. He is a full Fellow in the American Academy of Dermatology, the American College of Mohs Surgery, The American Academy of Cosmetic Surgery and The American Society for Dermatologic Surgery. He is past President of AACS (2002) and ASDS (2006).

William I. Roth, MD
Dermatology
William I. Roth, MD, is a board-certified dermatologist who has been in practice for 34 years. His conviction in the superiority of superficial radiation therapy (SRT) for skin cancer treatment dates back to his joint practice with Victor H. Witten, MD—and Witten’s work with his past partner, Marion Sultzberger, MD.
Dr. Roth continues the legacy and breakthrough science of their innovations. Dr. Witten and Dr. Roth worked together demonstrating SRT excellent results for almost 15 years in Miami. The availability of new, safer and improved SRT delivery systems from Sensus Healthcare now helps Dr. Roth provide SRT in his private practice in Boynton Beach, Florida.
Dr. Roth is a clinical professor in The University of Miami School of Medicine Department of Dermatology, a Fellow of the American Academy of Dermatology and a member of the American Medical Association. Among his many past positions, he has served as President of the Florida Society of Dermatology and Dermatological Surgery and President of the Dade County Medical Association. Dr. Roth also served on the Board of Trustees of The Public Health Trust of Metropolitan Dade County (Jackson Memorial Hospital) from 1992 to 1993. He is pleased to serve on the Advisory Board of Sensus Healthcare.

Brian Berman, MD, Ph.D.
Professor Emeritus of Dermatology University of Miami Miller School;
Co-Director Center for Clinical and Cosmetic Research Skin and Cancer Associates, Aventura, FL
Dr. Brian Berman is Professor Emeritus of Dermatology and Dermatologic Surgery at The University of Miami Miller School of Medicine and has had the honor of serving as a member of the Board of Directors and is presently Vice President-Elect of the American Academy of Dermatology and the American Academy of Dermatology Association and Vice President of the American Dermatological Association. He has served as Professor of Dermatology and Internal Medicine at the University of Miami, Medical Director for Dermatology for inpatient and outpatients at Dade County’s Jackson Memorial Hospital, Professor of Dermatology and Vice-Chairman of the Department of Dermatology at The University of California, Davis, Chief of the Dermatology Service at the VA Medical Center, Martinez, CA, and Chairman of the Department of Dermatology at The Mount Sinai Medical Center in Miami Beach, Florida. He is past President and Founder of The National Association of Veterans Affairs Dermatologists, Chaired the Dermatology Field Advisory Group for The Department of Veterans Affairs, is a member of the nominating committee of the American Dermatological Association, Treasurer of the American Cutaneous Oncology Society, and serves on the Scientific Advisory / Editorial Boards of The European Journal of Dermatology, Journal of Cosmetic Dermatology, and SKINmed, Journal of Clinical and Aesthetic Dermatology, edited The Miami Review series and was a member of the Board of Trustees of the Sulzberger Institute for Dermatologic Education.
In addition to caring for patients at Skin and Cancer Associates in Aventura, FL, Dr. Berman also attends and teaches at the Miami Veterans Affairs Medical Center. As Co-Director of the Center for Clinical and Cosmetic Research he continues his broad-based clinical research program while focusing laboratory investigations on the study of the control of scarring. He has presented at over 300 local,regional, state, national and international Dermatologic Societies and meetings. He is the author of more than 250 peer-reviewed scientific and clinical articles, chapters and books, is the recipient of the Dean’s Senior Faculty Clinical Research Award from the University of Miami School of Medicine, was bestowed the “Scientist of the Year” Award from Sigma Xi the Science and Research Honor Society and is included in U.S. News and World Report’s “Best Doctors in America”.

Dr. Kevin Schewe
Dr. Kevin Schewe is a Board-Certified Radiation Oncologist and a Fellow of the American College of Radiation Oncology. Dr. Schewe has devoted his 30-year medical career and practice in the fight against cancer. He currently serves as Medical Director of Radiation Oncology at the Red Rocks Medical Center in Golden, Colorado (http://radiationoncologyatredrocks.com/). The Red Rocks Radiation Oncology Center was created by Dr. Schewe and is beautifully and warmly designed to feel more like a comfortable home for cancer patients rather than a traditional medical facility. Dr. Schewe serves as Chairman of National Cancer Survivors Day at the Red Rocks Center the first Sunday of every June and that event has become a highly-anticipated and joyful tradition in Jefferson County. He has been named to “5280 Top Docs” multiple years and is known as a strong advocate of the personalized treatment approach for each cancer patient entrusted to his care.
Dr. Schewe has also developed a premium line of skin care and cosmetic products that help to naturally heal, protect, repair and subsequently maintain not only the damaged skin of cancer patients, but also individuals who have experienced skin damage resulting from aging, dryness, UV exposure, other illnesses, and environmental pollution. These products are manufactured and sold by Dr. Schewe’s company Elite Therapeutics (http://www.elitetherapeutics.com/). Dr. Schewe also serves as Chairman of the Board of a publically-traded, microcap, renewable green-energy company called VIASPACE (http://viaspace.com/) which has a proprietary product called Giant King Grass that is a high-yielding biomass source that creates carbon-neutral bioenergy and biofuels.

William M. Mendenhall, MD, FACR
Radiation Oncology
William Mendenhall, MD, FACR, received his medical degree from the University of Florida and completed his residency in radiation oncology at the University of Florida. His areas of interest include the treatment of patients with cancers of the head and neck—including the tongue, tonsils and larynx, gastrointestinal cancer and skin cancer. He also treats patients with brain tumors. Dr. Mendenhall was listed as one of “The 318 Top Cancer Specialists for Women” in Good Housekeeping magazine.
Dr. Mendenhall is a board-certified radiation oncologist at Shands Jacksonville in Jacksonville, Florida. He earned a medical degree from the University of South Florida College of Medicine in Tampa, Florida, and completed his residency in radiation oncology at the University of Florida College of Medicine in Gainesville, Florida.

Angela M. Abbatecola, MD, Ph.D.
Geriatrics
Angela M. Abbatecola, MD, Ph.D., has served as a contract researcher in the Scientific Direction at the Italian National Research Center on Aging (INRCA) in Ancona, Italy since 2009. She studied chemistry and obtained her Bachelor of Science from Syracuse University in Syracuse, New York in 1994 (summa cum laude). She then went on to earn her medical degree in 2001, followed by her Ph.D. in 2009 at the Second University of Naples in Naples, Italy—achieving the highest honor of recognition (summa cum laude) for both. Dr. Abbatecola is currently a member of two Italian committees in Rome focused on study protocols for older people in Italy—Geriatric Working Group at the AgenziaItalianadel Farmaco (AIFA) and the Scientific Board of the SocietàItaliana Geriatri Ospedalieri (SIGOS).
Dr. Abbatecola has authored more than 35 original papers, reviews, editorials, and chapters in diverse medical books. Her published work addresses many issues regarding the aging process and the difficulties often encountered when treating elderly patients. She continues to investigate ways to identify biomarkers for frailty syndrome, cognitive decline and sarcopenia.

Marta I. Rendon, MD
Dermatology
Marta Rendon, MD, is a board-certified dermatologist in private practice at The Rendon Center for Dermatology and Aesthetic Medicine in Boca Raton, Fla., and has served as a clinical associate professor in the Department of Dermatology at the University of Miami School of Medicine for more than 20 years. Dr. Rendon is the former Chairperson of the Department of Dermatology of Cleveland Clinic Florida. In addition, she serves as a clinical associate professor in the Department of Biomedical Sciences at Florida Atlantic University in Boca Raton, Florida, an affiliation of University of Miami School of Medicine.
Dr. Rendon serves as Procter & Gamble’s Head & Shoulders’ global celebrity dermatologist and has previously served as a speaker, advisor and physician trainer for 3M Pharmaceutical, Allergan, Galderma, GlaxoSmithKline, Janssen, Johnson & Johnson, L’Oreal, Merck, Procter & Gamble, Novartis, Ortho Dermatological, Pfizer, Salu, Schering, Sirrus Pharmaceutical, Unilever and Vichy.
Through skill, determination and compassion for patients suffering from skin disorders, Dr. Rendon has achieved a notable national and international reputation in her specialty. She has been featured on numerous television news and entertainment programs and many global magazines, including CNN, Telemundo, the Daily Buzz, Vogue, Allure, ELLE, Harper’s Bazaar and New Beauty.
With more than 25 years in the healthcare industry, Dr. Rendon is a world-renowned researcher who specializes in psoriasis, eczema, alpha-hydroxy acids and the effects of cosmetics on the skin. Dr. Rendon’s specialty interests include cosmetic dermatology, laser surgery, wound care, dermatologic surgery, dermatologic manifestations of systemic disease and phototherapy (treatment with ultraviolet light), along with the innovative treatment of pigmentary disorders experienced by patients of color. Dr. Rendon provides surgery for skin cancer, laser skin resurfacing, skin smoothing with filler agents, laser hair removal, laser removal of tattoos, hyperpigmented lesions, phototherapy and wound-healing techniques. In February 2012, she was honored with the Greater Boca Raton Chamber of Commerce’s coveted Diamond Award.

David J. Goldberg, MD, JD
David J. Goldberg, MD, JD is recognized nationally and internationally for his innovative work with skin lasers, cosmetic dermatology and non-invasive facial and body rejuvenation techniques. A board-certified dermatologist who has been in practice since 1985, he has treated patients and taught doctors throughout the world in the use of these cutting-edge technologies. Under his direction, Skin Laser & Surgery Specialists of New York and New Jersey has been a pioneer in making skin laser and cosmetic dermatology technologies available to the public.
Dr. Goldberg earned his medical degree from Yale University. He completed his dermatology residency and dermatologic surgical fellowship at New York University Medical Center. He is a clinical professor and former director of Mohs Surgery and Laser Research in the department of Dermatology at NY’s Icahn School of Medicine at Mount Sinai..
Dr. Goldberg has published over 160 academic papers and has contributed to over 15 academic textbooks. He has authored textbooks on laser dermatology, laser hair removal, laser facial rejuvenation, photodamaged skin, skin wrinkle fillers, acne, rosacea, unwanted fat and cellulite . He has also co-authored two books for the general public: Light Years Younger and Secrets of Great Skin.
Dr. Goldberg is active in professional societies and was elected president of the American Society for Lasers in Medicine & Surgery. He has also served as chairperson of the Ethics Committees of the American Academy of Dermatology, the American Society for Lasers in Medicine and Surgery and the American Society for Dermatologic Surgery. He has sat on the board of directors of the American Academy of Dermatology, the American Society for Lasers in Medicine and Surgery, the American Society for Dermatologic Surgery and the International Society for Dermatologic Surgery. He has also served as a co-vice-president of the Skin Cancer Foundation.
Dr. Goldberg was the first recipient of the prestigious Leon Goldman award, named after the founder of laser surgery. Additionally, Dr. Goldberg was named one of the “Top Ten Laser Surgeons in the U.S.” by Self magazine, one of the “Best Doctors in America” by Woodward/White, Inc., a “Best Doctor in America” by Best Doctors Inc. and one of the “Best Dermatologists in New Jersey” by New Jersey Monthly.
Dr. Goldberg has always been eager to advance the skill levels of his colleagues. He has an active fellowship Program at his practice that draws the “best of the best” dermatologists and Physician Assistants, many of whom join Skin Laser & Surgery Specialists of New York and NY and NJ after their fellowship is complete.
Lastly, his legal background and expertise in Health Care Law (he has taught Health Care Law at NY’s Fordham Law School for over 15 years) puts Dr. Goldberg at the forefront in understanding the economic, legal and ethical issues of today’s health care and dermatology delivery systems.






BOARD OF
DIRECTORS




Joseph C. Sardano
Chief Executive Officer
A recognized leader in the healthcare industry, Joe Sardano has spent more than 30 years in management and marketing. He has a successful history of introducing and commercializing new technologies and services in many areas, including electronic brachytherapy, PET and PET/CT, SPECT, MRI, lithotripsy and digital radiography. Before joining Sensus Healthcare, Sardano held leadership and management roles at CTI Molecular Imaging, GE Medical Systems, Siemens Medical Systems, Elscint Inc and Toshiba America Medical Systems, among others.

Bill McCall
Financial Advisor
Bill McCall has served as a financial advisor and portfolio manager for over 43 years and is currently a Managing Director of Heritage Advisory Group, a financial advisory practice of Ameriprise Financial Services Inc. Other business activities include Managing Partner of Investors Capital Alliance LLC, a consulting company; CEO of WMW Partners LLC, a holding company; member of Pandora Mineral Resources LLC and Board member of Cherokee Farm Partners Inc., an entity of the University of Tennessee Research Foundation. Bill holds a Bachelor of Science Degree in Business Administration with a concentration in Finance and Marketing from the University of Tennessee and he received a Chartered Wealth Advisor designation from Michigan State University.

Darrell Rigel
Darrell S. Rigel, MD MS is a Clinical Professor of Dermatology at New York University Medical Center. He is a graduate of MIT with a BS in Management Information Sciences, an MS (MBA) from the Sloan School of Management at MIT and received his MD from George Washington University. He attended Cornell University Medical Center for Internship in Internal Medicine and completed his training at NYU where he was Resident, Chief Resident, NIH Training Fellow and Dermatology Surgery Fellow.
Dr. Rigel has delivered over 900 presentations at medical and governmental policy conferences worldwide and has chaired numerous national and international conferences and symposia. He is the author of numerous articles and abstracts in professional journals as well as lead editor of Cancer of the Skin, the major textbook in this field and has testified before Congress and the FDA on related issues. He often appears on National television including CNN, ABC, FOX, NBC and CBS and his research and opinions are regularly cited in the New York Times, Wall Street Journal and many other national magazines and newspapers.
Dr. Rigel is a consultant to multiple healthcare and pharmaceutical companies. He serves as a member of the Board of Directors for Foamix Pharmaceuticals, has served in the past as a Board Member for Lumenis and Triax Pharmaceuticals and currently serves as the Chief Medical Advisor to the Board of Directors of Strata Skin Sciences. He worked with Citibank for 5 years optimizing operations. He is Medical Director of the Schweiger Dermatology Group and also founded and served as CEO of 2 Healthcare education companies which were subsequently sold to larger entities.
Dr. Rigel works with many professional and charitable organizations related to his research interests. He served as President of the American Academy of Dermatology and also served for 9 years as a Director of the American Board of Dermatology. He is also a Past President of the American Society for Dermatologic Surgery and the American Dermatological Association and serves as a Regional Chair of the MIT Educational Counselor program.
Dr. Rigel has also received numerous awards and honors including the prestigious American Academy of Dermatology’s Gold Medal – the highest award in the specialty in recognition of a lifetime of achievement, the George B. Morgan Award from MIT recognizing exceptional achievement by an alumnus and the Humanitarian Award of the Melanoma Research Foundation. He has also received the American Cancer Society’s National Honor Citation for Skin Cancer Programs and Presidential Citations from the Academy and American Society for Dermatologic Surgery for public education programs in skin cancer.
In addition, Dr. Rigel maintains a private practice in Manhattan where he specializes in skin cancer, sun damage and aging problems of the skin and also lives in Vail, Colorado where he enjoys skiing, golf and fly fishing.

John Heinrich, PhD
Director
John Heinrich has been involved in the development and management of a wide range of diagnostic imaging, therapeutic, medical diagnostic and scientific instrument companies for more than 25 years. He played a key role in the development of mobile MRI systems in the early 1980s and served as Vice President of MRI products at Technicare Corporation. Over the past 15 years, his responsibilities have included serving as: President and Chief Operating Officer of Technomed International USA Inc., a leading developer and marketer of therapeutic technology; President and Chief Operating Officer of Summit World Trade, a diversified group of health care and technology companies; President and Chief Executive Officer of Otsuka Electronics USA Inc., a developer and marketer of medical and scientific equipment; and President and Chief Operating Officer of Meretek Diagnostics Inc., a developer and marketer of medical diagnostics. Dr. Heinrich was responsible for the sales of Otsuka’s medical and scientific equipment businesses to Elscint Ltd. and Varian Instruments, respectively, along with the acquisition of Cambridge Isotope Laboratories and Meretek Diagnostics. He is also a cofounder and director of Acuitas Medical, a developer of unique MRI software, and managing partner of Revolution NMR, LLC and Kansas Analytical Services, LLC.

Sam O’Rear
Director
Sam O’Rear has 40 years of experience in the healthcare industry as a clinician, a sales and marketing director, vice president, general manager, owner and principal in several healthcare services businesses. His experience as clinician in the ancillary hospital services was garnered primarily in the UAB Health System (1970-74). From 1974 to1990, he held sales and marketing positions in Siemens and GE Healthcare. O’Rear rose from management posts in sales, financing, asset management and marketing to vice president and general manager of X-Ray Business.
O’Rear left GE to become the chief operating officer for Medical Imaging Centers of America in 1990. That year, he also founded The Innovation Group, Inc. (TIGI). Over the years, he has acquired several consulting firms to expand TIGI into a multi-partner healthcare consultancy. Today, TIGI provides commercialization services to a client base extending from start-ups to Fortune 500 companies represented by GE, Philips, Toshiba, Xerox, Roche, HCA, VHA, MedAssets, Compass Group, Cobalt, Sysmex, Cobalt, etc.
O’Rear holds a Bachelor of Science in Chemical Engineering and a Master’s in Psychology. He is the senior partner of Total Innovation Group, Inc., and is an investor, principal and board member in several start-ups in the healthcare industry (Data Advantage, Remcare, Sensus, UP Labs).










            No Cutting        





            No Pain        





            No Downtime        





            No Scarring        















Patients


FIND AN SRT PROVIDER >













Physicians


CONNECT WITH AN SRT REP >

























Solutions▼Superficial Radiation TherapySkin Cancer TreatmentBasal Cell Carcinoma TreatmentSquamous Cell Carcinoma TreatmentKeloid RemovalSRT-100™SRT-100 Vision™Alternative to Mohs SurgeryAbout▲CompanyLeadershipMedical AdvisoryBoardFAQPatient OutcomesNewsCareersFor PhysiciansInvestorsContact 



  































        Non-Surgical Skin Cancer Treatment | SRT-100™        Sensus Healthcare    
























































SRT-100™ Locator















Join Sensus Healthcare at the AAPM Annual Meeting!



                    Learn More Here >






Join Sensus Healthcare at Practical Symposium!



                    Learn More Here >






Non-Surgical Treatment for Non-Melanoma Skin Cancer

                    It makes sense.                

                    Find Out More >






The Precise SRT-100™

                    Tough on cancer, sensitive on the skin.                

                    LEARN MORE ABOUT THE SRT-100™ >







Less Risk. Better Results.

                    A sensible approach for high-risk patients.                

                    Learn More >






Every patient deserves a choice

                    And sensational results                

                    Play Video >






A treatment for Keloids at last

                    Don't suffer senselessly.                

                    Find Out More >












            No Cutting        





            No Pain        





            No Downtime        





            No Scarring        

















A sensitive approach to non-melanoma skin cancer
Sensus Healthcare is dedicated to improving the lives of men and women who suffer from skin cancer. We believe every patient deserves a choice. It’s the reason we offer a painless, safe and highly effective non-surgical skin cancer treatment that is an alternative to surgery—Superficial Radiation Therapy using the SRT-100™.
Today, nearly five million people in the United States are treated for skin cancer, with four million new cases of basal and squamous cell (non-melanoma) skin cancer diagnosed each year. Treatment often involves invasive incisions that damage healthy tissue, painful healing, lengthy recovery and unsightly scarring that takes an emotional toll on patients. Sensus Healthcare is changing all that.





QUICK CANCER FACTS





                    Each year there are more new cases of skin cancer than the combined incidence of cancers of the breast, prostate, lung and colon.
                

                    Treatment of non-melanoma skin cancers increased by nearly 77 percent between 1992 and 2006.
                

                    Each year in the US, nearly 5 million people are treated for skin cancer. In 2006, in the most recent study available, 3.5 million cases were diagnosed in 2.2 million people.
                

                    Over the past three decades, more people have had skin cancer than all other cancers combined.
                

                    One in five Americans will develop skin cancer in the course of a lifetime.
                

                    13 million white non-Hispanics living in the US at the beginning of 2007 had at least one nonmelanoma skin cancer, typically diagnosed as basal cell carcinoma (BCC) or squamous cell carcinoma (SCC).
                

                    Between 40 and 50 percent of Americans who live to age 65 will have either basal cell carcinoma (BCC) or squamous cell carcinoma (SCC) at least once.
                

                    Basal cell carcinoma is the most common form of skin cancer; an estimated 2.8 million are diagnosed annually in the US. BCCs are rarely fatal, but can be highly disfiguring if allowed to grow.
                

                    Squamous cell carcinoma is the second most common form of skin cancer. An estimated 700,000 cases of SCC are diagnosed each year in the US.
                

                    The incidence of squamous cell carcinoma has been rising, with increases up to 200 percent over the past three decades in the US.
                

                    Organ transplant patients are up to 250 times more likely than the general public to develop squamous cell carcinoma (SCC).
                

                    About two percent of squamous cell carcinoma patients – between 3,900 and 8,800 people – died from the disease in the US in 2012.
                

                    As many as three thousand deaths from advanced basal cell carcinoma occur annually in the US.
                

                    Actinic keratosis is the most common precancer; it affects more than 58 million Americans.
                

                    Approximately 65 percent of all squamous cell carcinomas and 36 percent of all basal cell carcinomas arise in lesions that previously were diagnosed as actinic keratoses.
                

                    About 90 percent of non-melanoma skin cancers are associated with exposure to ultraviolet (UV) radiation from the sun.
                








A non-surgical skin cancer treatment that makes sense
Leveraging clinically-proven technology that has been used for more than 50 years, the innovative SRT-100™ delivers a precise, calibrated dose of Superficial Radiation Therapy that only goes skin deep. This low-dose of radiation safely destroys non-melanoma skin cancer cells. Performed right in the doctor’s office, Superficial Radiation Therapy with the SRT-100™ delivers optimum results without the negative side effects of invasive treatments. It is ideal for patients with existing medical conditions that make surgery a serious health risk.







Preserving the sensual beauty of the skin


Along with excellent cure rates that rival surgery, patients and physicians enjoy many advantages when they choose the SRT-100™ as their treatment of choice.
The compact and completely portable SRT-100™ destroys non-melanoma skin cancer without destroying healthy tissue. Without cutting and stitching, there is less risk for infection and reconstructive plastic surgery isn’t needed to repair unsightly surgical scars.








Patients

                        Discover how Sensus Healthcare and the SRT-100™ are removing the physical and emotional pain often associated with skin cancer treatment.                    
Find Out More >













Physicians

                        Discover how Sensus Healthcare and its non-surgical skin cancer solution are helping dermatologist and radiation oncologist improve outcomes for their skin cancer patients.                    
Find Out More >













The SRT-100™

                        The SRT-100™ also delivers dramatic results in the removal and prevention of keloids—bumpy, ridged, unsightly scars created by excessive scar tissue.                    
Find Out More >























Solutions▼Superficial Radiation TherapySkin Cancer TreatmentBasal Cell Carcinoma TreatmentSquamous Cell Carcinoma TreatmentKeloid RemovalSRT-100™SRT-100 Vision™Alternative to Mohs SurgeryAbout▼CompanyLeadershipMedical AdvisoryBoardFAQPatient OutcomesNewsCareersFor PhysiciansInvestorsContact 



  































        Non-Surgical Skin Cancer Treatment | SRT-100™        Sensus Healthcare    
























































SRT-100™ Locator















Join Sensus Healthcare at the AAPM Annual Meeting!



                    Learn More Here >






Join Sensus Healthcare at Practical Symposium!



                    Learn More Here >






Non-Surgical Treatment for Non-Melanoma Skin Cancer

                    It makes sense.                

                    Find Out More >






The Precise SRT-100™

                    Tough on cancer, sensitive on the skin.                

                    LEARN MORE ABOUT THE SRT-100™ >







Less Risk. Better Results.

                    A sensible approach for high-risk patients.                

                    Learn More >






Every patient deserves a choice

                    And sensational results                

                    Play Video >






A treatment for Keloids at last

                    Don't suffer senselessly.                

                    Find Out More >












            No Cutting        





            No Pain        





            No Downtime        





            No Scarring        

















A sensitive approach to non-melanoma skin cancer
Sensus Healthcare is dedicated to improving the lives of men and women who suffer from skin cancer. We believe every patient deserves a choice. It’s the reason we offer a painless, safe and highly effective non-surgical skin cancer treatment that is an alternative to surgery—Superficial Radiation Therapy using the SRT-100™.
Today, nearly five million people in the United States are treated for skin cancer, with four million new cases of basal and squamous cell (non-melanoma) skin cancer diagnosed each year. Treatment often involves invasive incisions that damage healthy tissue, painful healing, lengthy recovery and unsightly scarring that takes an emotional toll on patients. Sensus Healthcare is changing all that.





QUICK CANCER FACTS





                    Each year there are more new cases of skin cancer than the combined incidence of cancers of the breast, prostate, lung and colon.
                

                    Treatment of non-melanoma skin cancers increased by nearly 77 percent between 1992 and 2006.
                

                    Each year in the US, nearly 5 million people are treated for skin cancer. In 2006, in the most recent study available, 3.5 million cases were diagnosed in 2.2 million people.
                

                    Over the past three decades, more people have had skin cancer than all other cancers combined.
                

                    One in five Americans will develop skin cancer in the course of a lifetime.
                

                    13 million white non-Hispanics living in the US at the beginning of 2007 had at least one nonmelanoma skin cancer, typically diagnosed as basal cell carcinoma (BCC) or squamous cell carcinoma (SCC).
                

                    Between 40 and 50 percent of Americans who live to age 65 will have either basal cell carcinoma (BCC) or squamous cell carcinoma (SCC) at least once.
                

                    Basal cell carcinoma is the most common form of skin cancer; an estimated 2.8 million are diagnosed annually in the US. BCCs are rarely fatal, but can be highly disfiguring if allowed to grow.
                

                    Squamous cell carcinoma is the second most common form of skin cancer. An estimated 700,000 cases of SCC are diagnosed each year in the US.
                

                    The incidence of squamous cell carcinoma has been rising, with increases up to 200 percent over the past three decades in the US.
                

                    Organ transplant patients are up to 250 times more likely than the general public to develop squamous cell carcinoma (SCC).
                

                    About two percent of squamous cell carcinoma patients – between 3,900 and 8,800 people – died from the disease in the US in 2012.
                

                    As many as three thousand deaths from advanced basal cell carcinoma occur annually in the US.
                

                    Actinic keratosis is the most common precancer; it affects more than 58 million Americans.
                

                    Approximately 65 percent of all squamous cell carcinomas and 36 percent of all basal cell carcinomas arise in lesions that previously were diagnosed as actinic keratoses.
                

                    About 90 percent of non-melanoma skin cancers are associated with exposure to ultraviolet (UV) radiation from the sun.
                








A non-surgical skin cancer treatment that makes sense
Leveraging clinically-proven technology that has been used for more than 50 years, the innovative SRT-100™ delivers a precise, calibrated dose of Superficial Radiation Therapy that only goes skin deep. This low-dose of radiation safely destroys non-melanoma skin cancer cells. Performed right in the doctor’s office, Superficial Radiation Therapy with the SRT-100™ delivers optimum results without the negative side effects of invasive treatments. It is ideal for patients with existing medical conditions that make surgery a serious health risk.







Preserving the sensual beauty of the skin


Along with excellent cure rates that rival surgery, patients and physicians enjoy many advantages when they choose the SRT-100™ as their treatment of choice.
The compact and completely portable SRT-100™ destroys non-melanoma skin cancer without destroying healthy tissue. Without cutting and stitching, there is less risk for infection and reconstructive plastic surgery isn’t needed to repair unsightly surgical scars.








Patients

                        Discover how Sensus Healthcare and the SRT-100™ are removing the physical and emotional pain often associated with skin cancer treatment.                    
Find Out More >













Physicians

                        Discover how Sensus Healthcare and its non-surgical skin cancer solution are helping dermatologist and radiation oncologist improve outcomes for their skin cancer patients.                    
Find Out More >













The SRT-100™

                        The SRT-100™ also delivers dramatic results in the removal and prevention of keloids—bumpy, ridged, unsightly scars created by excessive scar tissue.                    
Find Out More >























Solutions▼Superficial Radiation TherapySkin Cancer TreatmentBasal Cell Carcinoma TreatmentSquamous Cell Carcinoma TreatmentKeloid RemovalSRT-100™SRT-100 Vision™Alternative to Mohs SurgeryAbout▼CompanyLeadershipMedical AdvisoryBoardFAQPatient OutcomesNewsCareersFor PhysiciansInvestorsContact 



  




































Bing Places for Business
























































































































Bing
 places for business


Sign in using your




Microsoft Account





Work Account





Google Account





Facebook Account

Don't have an account? Create one.





Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft

















        About Sensus Healthcare | SRT Treatment | SRT-100™        Sensus Healthcare    


























































SRT-100™ Locator
















PROVEN PERFORMANCE, SENSATIONAL RESULTS






At Sensus Healthcare, we are devoted to making a difference in the lives of people who suffer from non-melanoma skin cancer and unsightly keloid scarring. By designing and manufacturing safe and reliable state-of-the-art Superficial Radiation Therapy technology right here in the United States, we are providing compassionate dermatologists and oncologists around the world with a non-surgical treatment option that empowers them to cure patients without compromising patient confidence, dignity or quality of life.
The compact and mobile SRT-100™ is making this standard of care accessible to more patients. Not only does the SRT meet stringent safety requirements set by the FDA, UL and ISO/CE Mark certification, it is backed by accomplished, ethical leadership and scientific case studies that are testaments to the SRT’s exceptional performance.
VIEW OUR CASE STUDIES















SENIOR LEADERSHIP TEAM











MEDICAL ADVISORY BOARD











BOARD OF DIRECTORS













LEADERSHIP
TEAM




Joseph C. Sardano
Chief Executive Officer
A recognized leader in the healthcare industry, Joe Sardano has spent more than 30 years in management and marketing. He has a successful history of introducing and commercializing new technologies and services in many areas, including electronic brachytherapy, PET and PET/CT, SPECT, MRI, lithotripsy and digital radiography. Before joining Sensus Healthcare, Sardano held leadership and management roles at CTI Molecular Imaging, GE Medical Systems, Siemens Medical Systems, Elscint Inc and Toshiba America Medical Systems, among others.

Richard Golin
Executive Vice President
Oncology & International Sales

Richard Golin is an experienced healthcare business management and sales executive with an outstanding record in sales, operations and strategic planning. He has worked with portfolios valued at up to $85 million, and consistently exceeded sales and profit goals. Before joining Sensus Healthcare, Golin served as a senior executive with world-class corporations including Toshiba Medical Systems, Siemens, CTI Molecular Imaging and Hologic.

Arthur Levine
Chief Financial Officer
Arthur Levine has held senior finance roles in public and private companies in many industry sectors, including medical diagnostics, real estate and technology. Most recently, Levine served as Chief Accounting Officer of Trade Street Residential—a REIT—and played a key role in its IPO. He was also the Chief Financial Officer of IVAX Diagnostics, a publicly traded in-vitro diagnostics company that develops, manufactures and distributes diagnostic reagents, test kits and instrumentation worldwide. Levine worked at Ernst & Young in the United States and abroad. He received his Bachelor of Science from the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania and is a Certified Public Accountant.

Kal Fishman
Chief Technology Officer
Before joining Sensus Healthcare, Kal Fishman served as Vice President of Sales and Business Development with an artificial intelligence image diagnostics company. He has extensive P&L experience, along with a broad customer and vendor relationship base in the diagnostic medical imaging arena. Fishman previously served as a Global Product Manager and Six Sigma Black Belt at General Electric Medical Systems where he oversaw a successful $20MM global product line and led the Discovery™ LS PET/CT scanner e-campaign. During his tenure as Director of Sales and Marketing with Siemens Medical Systems, Fishman established and led the successful preclinical imaging division—achieving an 80 percent global market share and 100 percent CAGR throughout his leadership. Fishman holds an industry patent for the invention and commercialization of a handheld imaging device used in nuclear medicine and PET diagnostic imaging.

Steve Cohen
Executive Vice President
Strategic Initiatives & Dermatology
Steve Cohen has a strong history of sales and marketing in radiation therapy and diagnostic services. He is an accomplished entrepreneur and developer, skilled in shepherding new strategic business relationships to long-term recurring revenues and profits. In leadership roles with multinational organizations such as Technicare (J&J), Diasonics and Xoft, Inc., Cohen consistently delivered tangible successes.






MEDICAL
ADVISORY
BOARD




Clay J. Cockerell, MD
Medical Director
Clay J. Cockerell, MD, is a practicing dermatologist and dermatopathologist in Dallas, Texas. He is Director of Cockerell and Associates Dermpath Diagnostics Laboratories, a clinical professor of dermatology and pathology, and Director of Dermatopathology at the University of Texas Southwestern Medical Center.
Dr. Cockerell received his medical degree from Baylor College of Medicine in 1981. He has authored over 500 publications and has trained more than 40 dermatopathology fellows since 1988. He has lectured extensively across the United States and around the world.
Dr. Cockerell has held many leadership roles with the American Academy of Dermatology, including President (2005); Secretary-Treasurer (2001-2004); Board of Directors (1998-2004); Executive Committee (1998-2004); Assistant Secretary-Treasurer (1998-2001); and served on many of its committees. He also served as President of the Texas Dermatological Society (2003-2004).
Dr. Cockrell has served on the editorial board of numerous journals, including Assistant Editor for Journal of the American Academy of Dermatology (1993-1998). He is active in the American Academy of HIV Medicine, American College of Physician Executives, American Medical Association, American Society of Clinical Pathologists, American Society of Dermatology, College of American Pathologists, Dallas County Medical Society, International Academy of Pathology, International AIDS Society, International Society of Dermatology, Louisiana Dermatology Society, Masters Dermatologic Association, North American Clinical Dermatologic Society, Sir James Saunders Society, South Central Dermatology Society, Southwestern Dermatology Association, Texas Medical Association, Texas Society of Pathologists, United States and Canadian Academy of Pathology.

Mark Nestor, MD, Ph.D.
Clinical Director
Mark S. Nestor, MD, Ph.D. is the director of the Center for Cosmetic Enhancement® and the Center for Clinical and Cosmetic Research® in Aventura, Florida, and a voluntary associate professor of the Department of Dermatology and Cutaneous Surgery at the University of Miami, Leonard Miller School of Medicine. He is a past president of the American Society for Photodynamic Therapy, the International Society for Cosmetic and Laser Surgeons, and Florida Society of Dermatology and Dermatologic Surgery.
Dr. Nestor received his Ph.D. in Experimental Pathology and Immunology from UCLA and his medical degree from UCLA School of Medicine. He completed his residency in Dermatology at New York University.
Dr. Nestor is recognized as a world expert in skin cancer and cutaneous oncology, superficial radiation therapy, cutaneous laser surgery, photodynamic therapy, and the use of fillers and toxins in aesthetic medicine. He conducts FDA and non-FDA clinical trials on pharmaceuticals and devices used in clinical and aesthetic dermatology. He also serves as a consultant to numerous pharmaceutical and device companies—assisting them in the development of new medications, devices and cosmeceuticals.
Dr. Nestor also has authored more than 65 articles and book chapters and has delivered over 600 major presentations around the world. He has also directed over 50 meetings and symposia on relevant topics in the field of cosmetic dermatology, laser surgery and practice management. He also chairs the Annual South Beach Symposium.

 

Armand B. Cognetta, Jr., MD
Dermatology
Dr. Armand B. Cognetta, Jr., MD, has served as chairman and member of the Sensus Healthcare Medical Advisory Board since February 2011. As a recognized leader and innovator in his field, he provides clinical guidance and patient advocacy in the ongoing development of SENSUS Healthcare’s leading superficial radiotherapy product platform, the SRT-100™, and also leads the company’s multi-disciplinary medical advisory board to provide Sensus with clinical, ethical and scientific guidance regarding the development of future products and services. Joining Dr. Cognetta on the board, is a very distinguished and experienced panel of thought leaders on the treatment of skin cancer with photon x-ray technology. He serves as a member of the Scientific and Medical Advisory Committee of MELA Sciences, Inc. (also known as Electro-Optical Sciences, Inc.). Dr. Cognetta has practiced privately with Dermatology Associates of Tallahassee. He is a member of the American Academy of Dermatology, former president of the Florida Society of Dermatology, and past president of the Dermatology Photography Society.

Gary D. Monheit, MD
Dermatology
Gary Monheit, MD, is a native of Ossining, New York though he grew up in Tucson, Arizona. He graduated from the University of Arizona in 1966, and from the University of Colorado Medical School in 1970. He completed his medical internship at the University of Southern California, followed by a residency in dermatology at the University of Alabama at Birmingham in 1977—where he served as chief resident. Dr. Monheit also completed a fellowship in Moh’s micrographic surgery under Dr. Frederick Mohs, along with a training program in dermatologic surgery, at the University of Wisconsin in 1978.
Dr. Monheit is currently an associate clinical professor of dermatology at the University of Alabama at Birmingham and is the founder of Dermatology Associates, a private practice he established in 1978. He founded the first Mohs surgical practice for skin cancer in Alabama, along with a year-long fellowship training program in skin cancer that has been enhancing the skills of dermatological surgeons since 1986.
Dr. Monheit has lectured internationally on Mohs micrographic surgery, hair transplantation, chemical peeling, dermabrasion, soft tissue augmentation, laser surgery and cosmetic dermatologic surgery.
He has published over 50 articles in medical literature and chapters in books. From 1994 until 2007, Dr. Monheit was selected for the annual “Best Doctors in America.” He is currently conducting clinical research with dermal fillers, soft tissue augmentation and botulinum toxin for cosmetic usage and has served as a principle investigator for FDA trials of new products. His current practice interests include cosmetic dermatologic surgery, Mohs micrographic surgery and skin cancer. He is board certified in dermatology by the American Board of Dermatology and in cosmetic surgery by the American Board of Cosmetic Surgeons. He is a full Fellow in the American Academy of Dermatology, the American College of Mohs Surgery, The American Academy of Cosmetic Surgery and The American Society for Dermatologic Surgery. He is past President of AACS (2002) and ASDS (2006).

William I. Roth, MD
Dermatology
William I. Roth, MD, is a board-certified dermatologist who has been in practice for 34 years. His conviction in the superiority of superficial radiation therapy (SRT) for skin cancer treatment dates back to his joint practice with Victor H. Witten, MD—and Witten’s work with his past partner, Marion Sultzberger, MD.
Dr. Roth continues the legacy and breakthrough science of their innovations. Dr. Witten and Dr. Roth worked together demonstrating SRT excellent results for almost 15 years in Miami. The availability of new, safer and improved SRT delivery systems from Sensus Healthcare now helps Dr. Roth provide SRT in his private practice in Boynton Beach, Florida.
Dr. Roth is a clinical professor in The University of Miami School of Medicine Department of Dermatology, a Fellow of the American Academy of Dermatology and a member of the American Medical Association. Among his many past positions, he has served as President of the Florida Society of Dermatology and Dermatological Surgery and President of the Dade County Medical Association. Dr. Roth also served on the Board of Trustees of The Public Health Trust of Metropolitan Dade County (Jackson Memorial Hospital) from 1992 to 1993. He is pleased to serve on the Advisory Board of Sensus Healthcare.

Brian Berman, MD, Ph.D.
Professor Emeritus of Dermatology University of Miami Miller School;
Co-Director Center for Clinical and Cosmetic Research Skin and Cancer Associates, Aventura, FL
Dr. Brian Berman is Professor Emeritus of Dermatology and Dermatologic Surgery at The University of Miami Miller School of Medicine and has had the honor of serving as a member of the Board of Directors and is presently Vice President-Elect of the American Academy of Dermatology and the American Academy of Dermatology Association and Vice President of the American Dermatological Association. He has served as Professor of Dermatology and Internal Medicine at the University of Miami, Medical Director for Dermatology for inpatient and outpatients at Dade County’s Jackson Memorial Hospital, Professor of Dermatology and Vice-Chairman of the Department of Dermatology at The University of California, Davis, Chief of the Dermatology Service at the VA Medical Center, Martinez, CA, and Chairman of the Department of Dermatology at The Mount Sinai Medical Center in Miami Beach, Florida. He is past President and Founder of The National Association of Veterans Affairs Dermatologists, Chaired the Dermatology Field Advisory Group for The Department of Veterans Affairs, is a member of the nominating committee of the American Dermatological Association, Treasurer of the American Cutaneous Oncology Society, and serves on the Scientific Advisory / Editorial Boards of The European Journal of Dermatology, Journal of Cosmetic Dermatology, and SKINmed, Journal of Clinical and Aesthetic Dermatology, edited The Miami Review series and was a member of the Board of Trustees of the Sulzberger Institute for Dermatologic Education.
In addition to caring for patients at Skin and Cancer Associates in Aventura, FL, Dr. Berman also attends and teaches at the Miami Veterans Affairs Medical Center. As Co-Director of the Center for Clinical and Cosmetic Research he continues his broad-based clinical research program while focusing laboratory investigations on the study of the control of scarring. He has presented at over 300 local,regional, state, national and international Dermatologic Societies and meetings. He is the author of more than 250 peer-reviewed scientific and clinical articles, chapters and books, is the recipient of the Dean’s Senior Faculty Clinical Research Award from the University of Miami School of Medicine, was bestowed the “Scientist of the Year” Award from Sigma Xi the Science and Research Honor Society and is included in U.S. News and World Report’s “Best Doctors in America”.

Dr. Kevin Schewe
Dr. Kevin Schewe is a Board-Certified Radiation Oncologist and a Fellow of the American College of Radiation Oncology. Dr. Schewe has devoted his 30-year medical career and practice in the fight against cancer. He currently serves as Medical Director of Radiation Oncology at the Red Rocks Medical Center in Golden, Colorado (http://radiationoncologyatredrocks.com/). The Red Rocks Radiation Oncology Center was created by Dr. Schewe and is beautifully and warmly designed to feel more like a comfortable home for cancer patients rather than a traditional medical facility. Dr. Schewe serves as Chairman of National Cancer Survivors Day at the Red Rocks Center the first Sunday of every June and that event has become a highly-anticipated and joyful tradition in Jefferson County. He has been named to “5280 Top Docs” multiple years and is known as a strong advocate of the personalized treatment approach for each cancer patient entrusted to his care.
Dr. Schewe has also developed a premium line of skin care and cosmetic products that help to naturally heal, protect, repair and subsequently maintain not only the damaged skin of cancer patients, but also individuals who have experienced skin damage resulting from aging, dryness, UV exposure, other illnesses, and environmental pollution. These products are manufactured and sold by Dr. Schewe’s company Elite Therapeutics (http://www.elitetherapeutics.com/). Dr. Schewe also serves as Chairman of the Board of a publically-traded, microcap, renewable green-energy company called VIASPACE (http://viaspace.com/) which has a proprietary product called Giant King Grass that is a high-yielding biomass source that creates carbon-neutral bioenergy and biofuels.

William M. Mendenhall, MD, FACR
Radiation Oncology
William Mendenhall, MD, FACR, received his medical degree from the University of Florida and completed his residency in radiation oncology at the University of Florida. His areas of interest include the treatment of patients with cancers of the head and neck—including the tongue, tonsils and larynx, gastrointestinal cancer and skin cancer. He also treats patients with brain tumors. Dr. Mendenhall was listed as one of “The 318 Top Cancer Specialists for Women” in Good Housekeeping magazine.
Dr. Mendenhall is a board-certified radiation oncologist at Shands Jacksonville in Jacksonville, Florida. He earned a medical degree from the University of South Florida College of Medicine in Tampa, Florida, and completed his residency in radiation oncology at the University of Florida College of Medicine in Gainesville, Florida.

Angela M. Abbatecola, MD, Ph.D.
Geriatrics
Angela M. Abbatecola, MD, Ph.D., has served as a contract researcher in the Scientific Direction at the Italian National Research Center on Aging (INRCA) in Ancona, Italy since 2009. She studied chemistry and obtained her Bachelor of Science from Syracuse University in Syracuse, New York in 1994 (summa cum laude). She then went on to earn her medical degree in 2001, followed by her Ph.D. in 2009 at the Second University of Naples in Naples, Italy—achieving the highest honor of recognition (summa cum laude) for both. Dr. Abbatecola is currently a member of two Italian committees in Rome focused on study protocols for older people in Italy—Geriatric Working Group at the AgenziaItalianadel Farmaco (AIFA) and the Scientific Board of the SocietàItaliana Geriatri Ospedalieri (SIGOS).
Dr. Abbatecola has authored more than 35 original papers, reviews, editorials, and chapters in diverse medical books. Her published work addresses many issues regarding the aging process and the difficulties often encountered when treating elderly patients. She continues to investigate ways to identify biomarkers for frailty syndrome, cognitive decline and sarcopenia.

Marta I. Rendon, MD
Dermatology
Marta Rendon, MD, is a board-certified dermatologist in private practice at The Rendon Center for Dermatology and Aesthetic Medicine in Boca Raton, Fla., and has served as a clinical associate professor in the Department of Dermatology at the University of Miami School of Medicine for more than 20 years. Dr. Rendon is the former Chairperson of the Department of Dermatology of Cleveland Clinic Florida. In addition, she serves as a clinical associate professor in the Department of Biomedical Sciences at Florida Atlantic University in Boca Raton, Florida, an affiliation of University of Miami School of Medicine.
Dr. Rendon serves as Procter & Gamble’s Head & Shoulders’ global celebrity dermatologist and has previously served as a speaker, advisor and physician trainer for 3M Pharmaceutical, Allergan, Galderma, GlaxoSmithKline, Janssen, Johnson & Johnson, L’Oreal, Merck, Procter & Gamble, Novartis, Ortho Dermatological, Pfizer, Salu, Schering, Sirrus Pharmaceutical, Unilever and Vichy.
Through skill, determination and compassion for patients suffering from skin disorders, Dr. Rendon has achieved a notable national and international reputation in her specialty. She has been featured on numerous television news and entertainment programs and many global magazines, including CNN, Telemundo, the Daily Buzz, Vogue, Allure, ELLE, Harper’s Bazaar and New Beauty.
With more than 25 years in the healthcare industry, Dr. Rendon is a world-renowned researcher who specializes in psoriasis, eczema, alpha-hydroxy acids and the effects of cosmetics on the skin. Dr. Rendon’s specialty interests include cosmetic dermatology, laser surgery, wound care, dermatologic surgery, dermatologic manifestations of systemic disease and phototherapy (treatment with ultraviolet light), along with the innovative treatment of pigmentary disorders experienced by patients of color. Dr. Rendon provides surgery for skin cancer, laser skin resurfacing, skin smoothing with filler agents, laser hair removal, laser removal of tattoos, hyperpigmented lesions, phototherapy and wound-healing techniques. In February 2012, she was honored with the Greater Boca Raton Chamber of Commerce’s coveted Diamond Award.

David J. Goldberg, MD, JD
David J. Goldberg, MD, JD is recognized nationally and internationally for his innovative work with skin lasers, cosmetic dermatology and non-invasive facial and body rejuvenation techniques. A board-certified dermatologist who has been in practice since 1985, he has treated patients and taught doctors throughout the world in the use of these cutting-edge technologies. Under his direction, Skin Laser & Surgery Specialists of New York and New Jersey has been a pioneer in making skin laser and cosmetic dermatology technologies available to the public.
Dr. Goldberg earned his medical degree from Yale University. He completed his dermatology residency and dermatologic surgical fellowship at New York University Medical Center. He is a clinical professor and former director of Mohs Surgery and Laser Research in the department of Dermatology at NY’s Icahn School of Medicine at Mount Sinai..
Dr. Goldberg has published over 160 academic papers and has contributed to over 15 academic textbooks. He has authored textbooks on laser dermatology, laser hair removal, laser facial rejuvenation, photodamaged skin, skin wrinkle fillers, acne, rosacea, unwanted fat and cellulite . He has also co-authored two books for the general public: Light Years Younger and Secrets of Great Skin.
Dr. Goldberg is active in professional societies and was elected president of the American Society for Lasers in Medicine & Surgery. He has also served as chairperson of the Ethics Committees of the American Academy of Dermatology, the American Society for Lasers in Medicine and Surgery and the American Society for Dermatologic Surgery. He has sat on the board of directors of the American Academy of Dermatology, the American Society for Lasers in Medicine and Surgery, the American Society for Dermatologic Surgery and the International Society for Dermatologic Surgery. He has also served as a co-vice-president of the Skin Cancer Foundation.
Dr. Goldberg was the first recipient of the prestigious Leon Goldman award, named after the founder of laser surgery. Additionally, Dr. Goldberg was named one of the “Top Ten Laser Surgeons in the U.S.” by Self magazine, one of the “Best Doctors in America” by Woodward/White, Inc., a “Best Doctor in America” by Best Doctors Inc. and one of the “Best Dermatologists in New Jersey” by New Jersey Monthly.
Dr. Goldberg has always been eager to advance the skill levels of his colleagues. He has an active fellowship Program at his practice that draws the “best of the best” dermatologists and Physician Assistants, many of whom join Skin Laser & Surgery Specialists of New York and NY and NJ after their fellowship is complete.
Lastly, his legal background and expertise in Health Care Law (he has taught Health Care Law at NY’s Fordham Law School for over 15 years) puts Dr. Goldberg at the forefront in understanding the economic, legal and ethical issues of today’s health care and dermatology delivery systems.






BOARD OF
DIRECTORS




Joseph C. Sardano
Chief Executive Officer
A recognized leader in the healthcare industry, Joe Sardano has spent more than 30 years in management and marketing. He has a successful history of introducing and commercializing new technologies and services in many areas, including electronic brachytherapy, PET and PET/CT, SPECT, MRI, lithotripsy and digital radiography. Before joining Sensus Healthcare, Sardano held leadership and management roles at CTI Molecular Imaging, GE Medical Systems, Siemens Medical Systems, Elscint Inc and Toshiba America Medical Systems, among others.

Bill McCall
Financial Advisor
Bill McCall has served as a financial advisor and portfolio manager for over 43 years and is currently a Managing Director of Heritage Advisory Group, a financial advisory practice of Ameriprise Financial Services Inc. Other business activities include Managing Partner of Investors Capital Alliance LLC, a consulting company; CEO of WMW Partners LLC, a holding company; member of Pandora Mineral Resources LLC and Board member of Cherokee Farm Partners Inc., an entity of the University of Tennessee Research Foundation. Bill holds a Bachelor of Science Degree in Business Administration with a concentration in Finance and Marketing from the University of Tennessee and he received a Chartered Wealth Advisor designation from Michigan State University.

Darrell Rigel
Darrell S. Rigel, MD MS is a Clinical Professor of Dermatology at New York University Medical Center. He is a graduate of MIT with a BS in Management Information Sciences, an MS (MBA) from the Sloan School of Management at MIT and received his MD from George Washington University. He attended Cornell University Medical Center for Internship in Internal Medicine and completed his training at NYU where he was Resident, Chief Resident, NIH Training Fellow and Dermatology Surgery Fellow.
Dr. Rigel has delivered over 900 presentations at medical and governmental policy conferences worldwide and has chaired numerous national and international conferences and symposia. He is the author of numerous articles and abstracts in professional journals as well as lead editor of Cancer of the Skin, the major textbook in this field and has testified before Congress and the FDA on related issues. He often appears on National television including CNN, ABC, FOX, NBC and CBS and his research and opinions are regularly cited in the New York Times, Wall Street Journal and many other national magazines and newspapers.
Dr. Rigel is a consultant to multiple healthcare and pharmaceutical companies. He serves as a member of the Board of Directors for Foamix Pharmaceuticals, has served in the past as a Board Member for Lumenis and Triax Pharmaceuticals and currently serves as the Chief Medical Advisor to the Board of Directors of Strata Skin Sciences. He worked with Citibank for 5 years optimizing operations. He is Medical Director of the Schweiger Dermatology Group and also founded and served as CEO of 2 Healthcare education companies which were subsequently sold to larger entities.
Dr. Rigel works with many professional and charitable organizations related to his research interests. He served as President of the American Academy of Dermatology and also served for 9 years as a Director of the American Board of Dermatology. He is also a Past President of the American Society for Dermatologic Surgery and the American Dermatological Association and serves as a Regional Chair of the MIT Educational Counselor program.
Dr. Rigel has also received numerous awards and honors including the prestigious American Academy of Dermatology’s Gold Medal – the highest award in the specialty in recognition of a lifetime of achievement, the George B. Morgan Award from MIT recognizing exceptional achievement by an alumnus and the Humanitarian Award of the Melanoma Research Foundation. He has also received the American Cancer Society’s National Honor Citation for Skin Cancer Programs and Presidential Citations from the Academy and American Society for Dermatologic Surgery for public education programs in skin cancer.
In addition, Dr. Rigel maintains a private practice in Manhattan where he specializes in skin cancer, sun damage and aging problems of the skin and also lives in Vail, Colorado where he enjoys skiing, golf and fly fishing.

John Heinrich, PhD
Director
John Heinrich has been involved in the development and management of a wide range of diagnostic imaging, therapeutic, medical diagnostic and scientific instrument companies for more than 25 years. He played a key role in the development of mobile MRI systems in the early 1980s and served as Vice President of MRI products at Technicare Corporation. Over the past 15 years, his responsibilities have included serving as: President and Chief Operating Officer of Technomed International USA Inc., a leading developer and marketer of therapeutic technology; President and Chief Operating Officer of Summit World Trade, a diversified group of health care and technology companies; President and Chief Executive Officer of Otsuka Electronics USA Inc., a developer and marketer of medical and scientific equipment; and President and Chief Operating Officer of Meretek Diagnostics Inc., a developer and marketer of medical diagnostics. Dr. Heinrich was responsible for the sales of Otsuka’s medical and scientific equipment businesses to Elscint Ltd. and Varian Instruments, respectively, along with the acquisition of Cambridge Isotope Laboratories and Meretek Diagnostics. He is also a cofounder and director of Acuitas Medical, a developer of unique MRI software, and managing partner of Revolution NMR, LLC and Kansas Analytical Services, LLC.

Sam O’Rear
Director
Sam O’Rear has 40 years of experience in the healthcare industry as a clinician, a sales and marketing director, vice president, general manager, owner and principal in several healthcare services businesses. His experience as clinician in the ancillary hospital services was garnered primarily in the UAB Health System (1970-74). From 1974 to1990, he held sales and marketing positions in Siemens and GE Healthcare. O’Rear rose from management posts in sales, financing, asset management and marketing to vice president and general manager of X-Ray Business.
O’Rear left GE to become the chief operating officer for Medical Imaging Centers of America in 1990. That year, he also founded The Innovation Group, Inc. (TIGI). Over the years, he has acquired several consulting firms to expand TIGI into a multi-partner healthcare consultancy. Today, TIGI provides commercialization services to a client base extending from start-ups to Fortune 500 companies represented by GE, Philips, Toshiba, Xerox, Roche, HCA, VHA, MedAssets, Compass Group, Cobalt, Sysmex, Cobalt, etc.
O’Rear holds a Bachelor of Science in Chemical Engineering and a Master’s in Psychology. He is the senior partner of Total Innovation Group, Inc., and is an investor, principal and board member in several start-ups in the healthcare industry (Data Advantage, Remcare, Sensus, UP Labs).










            No Cutting        





            No Pain        





            No Downtime        





            No Scarring        















Patients


FIND AN SRT PROVIDER >













Physicians


CONNECT WITH AN SRT REP >

























Solutions▼Superficial Radiation TherapySkin Cancer TreatmentBasal Cell Carcinoma TreatmentSquamous Cell Carcinoma TreatmentKeloid RemovalSRT-100™SRT-100 Vision™Alternative to Mohs SurgeryAbout▲CompanyLeadershipMedical AdvisoryBoardFAQPatient OutcomesNewsCareersFor PhysiciansInvestorsContact 



  































        Skin Cancer Treatment l Non-Melanoma Skin Cancer        Sensus Healthcare    


























































SRT-100™ Locator
















Skin cancer treatment that delivers sensational results




It’s being called an epidemic. The alarming uptick in the diagnosis of basal and squamous cell (non-melanoma) skin cancer means more and more people will require skin cancer treatment in the coming years. As the fastest growing cancer in the world, about four million people are diagnosed with non-melanoma skin cancer (NMSC)—2.5 times more than all the other cancers combined. By 2020, experts predict that number will grow 50 percent to nearly six million—fueled by the Baby Boomer generation.
With the majority of NMSC occurring in people over the age of 60, medical conditions such as diabetes and cardiac disease that can make surgical skin cancer treatment a serious health risk. For others diagnosed with NMSC on their head and neck, the potential for unsightly scarring and reconstructive plastic surgery means surgical treatment is less than ideal.






Enjoy a remarkable cure rate




95%+
CURE RATE
FOR non-melanoma skin cancer
The SRT-100™ is an unrivaled alternative to surgical treatment. Leveraging a technology that has proved remarkably safe and effective for more than 50 years, Superficial Radiation Therapy (SRT) is a non-invasive, highly effective alternative to surgical basal cell carcinoma treatment and squamous cell carcinoma treatment. Without cutting, this non-surgical skin cancer treatment delivers a 95 percent plus cure rate for non-melanoma skin cancer—comparable to surgery without cutting or stitching.
The SRT-100™ delivers a precise, calibrated dose of Superficial Radiation Therapy that only goes skin deep. This low-dose of radiation safely destroys non-melanoma skin cancer cells. Performed right in the doctor’s office, each treatment is painless. Patients usually undergo a series of treatments depending on the nature and extent of the cancer. The SRT-100™ delivers optimum results for basal cell carcinoma treatment and squamous cell carcinoma treatment without the negative side effects of invasive treatments.









            No Cutting        





            No Pain        





            No Downtime        





            No Scarring        






Whether you are a patient or physician, discover the benefits of the SRT-100™.
Leading dermatologists and radiation oncologists have found the SRT-100™ Superficial Radiation Therapy system to be an excellent choice for their patients who are not good surgical candidates.







Eliminate cancer in delicate and hard to reach areas
The SRT-100™ can be used to treat lesions on the arms, legs, back and trunk. It is especially well suited for skin cancers located on areas of the head and neck where nearly 80 percent of all skin cancer occurs. The SRT-100™ easily delivers a precise and controlled dose of Superficial Radiation Therapy to delicate areas that are difficult to treat—along the fold of the nose, eyelids, lips, corner of the mouth and the lining of the ear.
Countless patients in the United States and throughout the world have entrusted the SRT-100™ for their skin cancer treatment. Equally effective for both basal cell carcinoma treatment and squamous cell carcinoma treatment, the SRT-100™ is giving patients the non-surgical benefits they deserve.











Patients


FIND AN SRT PROVIDER >













Physicians


CONNECT WITH AN SRT REP >

























Solutions▲Superficial Radiation TherapySkin Cancer TreatmentBasal Cell Carcinoma TreatmentSquamous Cell Carcinoma TreatmentKeloid RemovalSRT-100™SRT-100 Vision™Alternative to Mohs SurgeryAbout▼CompanyLeadershipMedical AdvisoryBoardFAQPatient OutcomesNewsCareersFor PhysiciansInvestorsContact 



  































Investors - Sensus Healthcare - Management











































 





















		Overview	



		News Releases	



		Events and Presentations	



		SEC Filings	



		Stock Information	



		Corporate Governance	

Management
Board of Directors
Board Committees




		Investor Resources	







Corporate Governance
 > Management
Management

Joseph C. SardanoChief Executive Officer
 A recognized leader in the healthcare industry, Joe Sardano has spent more than 30 years in management and marketing. He has a successful history of introducing and commercializing new technologies and services in many areas, including electronic brachytherapy, PET and PET/CT, SPECT, MRI, lithotripsy and digital radiography. Before joining Sensus Healthcare, Sardano held leadership and management roles at CTI Molecular Imaging, GE Medical Systems, Siemens Medical Systems, Elscint Inc and Toshiba America Medical Systems, among others.

Kal FishmanChief Technology Officer
 Before joining Sensus Healthcare, Kal Fishman served as Vice President of Sales and Business Development with an artificial intelligence image diagnostics company. He has extensive P&L experience, along with a broad customer and vendor relationship base in the diagnostic medical imaging arena. Fishman previously served as a Global Product Manager and Six Sigma Black Belt at General Electric Medical Systems where he oversaw a successful $20MM global product line and led the Discovery™ LS PET/CT scanner e-campaign. During his tenure as Director of Sales and Marketing with Siemens Medical Systems, Fishman established and led the successful preclinical imaging division—achieving an 80 percent global market share and 100 percent CAGR throughout his leadership. Fishman holds an industry patent for the invention and commercialization of a handheld imaging device used in nuclear medicine and PET diagnostic imaging.

Richard GolinExecutive Vice President
Oncology & International Sales
 Richard Golin is an experienced healthcare business management and sales executive with an outstanding record in sales, operations and strategic planning. He has worked with portfolios valued at up to $85 million, and consistently exceeded sales and profit goals. Before joining Sensus Healthcare, Golin served as a senior executive with world-class corporations including Toshiba Medical Systems, Siemens, CTI Molecular Imaging and Hologic.

Steve CohenExecutive Vice President
Dermatology Sales & Marketing
 Steve Cohen has a strong history of sales and marketing in radiation therapy and diagnostic services. He is an accomplished entrepreneur and developer, skilled in shepherding new strategic business relationships to long-term recurring revenues and profits. In leadership roles with multinational organizations such as Technicare (J&J), Diasonics and Xoft, Inc., Cohen consistently delivered tangible successes.

Arthur LevineChief Financial Officer
 Arthur Levine has held senior finance roles in public and private companies in many industry sectors, including medical diagnostics, real estate and technology. Most recently, Levine served as Chief Accounting Officer of Trade Street Residential—a REIT—and played a key role in its IPO. He was also the Chief Financial Officer of IVAX Diagnostics, a publicly traded in-vitro diagnostics company that develops, manufactures and distributes diagnostic reagents, test kits and instrumentation worldwide. Levine worked at Ernst & Young in the United States and abroad. He received his Bachelor of Science from the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania and is a Certified Public Accountant.



 

  
 








Solutions

Superficial Radiation Therapy
Skin Cancer Treatment
Keloid Removal
SRT-100 ™
SRT-100 Vision™



About

Company
Leadership
Medical Advisory
Board
FAQ


Patient Outcomes
News

Investors



		Overview	



		News Releases	



		Events and Presentations	



		SEC Filings	



		Stock Information	



		Corporate Governance	

Management
Board of Directors
Board Committees




		Investor Resources	



Contact





×

































































        SRT-100™ l Skin Cancer Treatment        Sensus Healthcare    


























































SRT-100™ Locator
















The SRT-100™ is a sensitive solution that enriches lives



Precise, 
pain-free 
treatment.




By delivering a precise, calibrated dose of Superficial Radiation Therapy that only goes skin deep, patients can be safely treated right in their physician’s office. Each treatment is virtually painless.
Low-dose Superficial Radiation Therapy effectively destroys basal cell carcinoma and squamous cell carcinoma, as well as the non-malignant tumor cells that cause keloids. Best of all, it doesn’t involve cutting, bleeding or stitching. With the SRT-100™, there is no need for anesthesia, no risk of infection or scarring, no need for reconstructive plastic surgery. Patients heal quickly and don’t have downtime or lifestyle restrictions following treatment.
Sensus Healthcare’s SRT-100™ has been cleared by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration for the treatment of non-melanoma skin cancer and keloids. It is ideal for private dermatology and oncology practices, as well as hospitals and multi-locale healthcare providers.






The SRT-100™ has many unique features that make treatment safe, comfortable and effective for patients and physicians.




BROAD RANGE
OF MOTION
The horizontal and vertical
range of the scissor arm
accommodates your patients whether they’re
sitting or recumbent.

Compact, Mobile
Design
Casters and a small
footprint (30” x 30”) lets
you place the system
where it needs to be.

RAD CHECK™
Pre-treatment energy
verification as part of a daily
QC program for precise
and accurate x-ray delivery.

AUTO WARMUP
Automatic warm-up procedure
allows for time-efficient system setup and
patient treatment. The treatment dose is
automatically displayed for
verification prior to delivery.

PATIENT COMFORT
Large range of motion makes the
SRT-100™ accommodating
to patients in wheelchairs.

Precise Dose Delivery
High-frequency inverter
technology utilizes feedback
sensing to maintain stable
kV-mA energy levels.

Unique Replaceable Visual
Applicator Safety
Contact shields, variable applicator
sizes, and replaceable contact
shields provide 1.27 cm visual
verification and clinical margin
clearance of the treated area. The
replacement shields are inexpensive
and ensure shields do not discolor
over time. Use of replacement shields
also helps prevent blood-borne
pathogen transmission.

Automatic Aluminum
Filter Magazine
Upon kV-mA selection, the system
automatically changes the
aluminum filter, eliminating the
need for filter storage, manual
procedures, and the potentially
adverse possibility of inadvertent
over-dosage or under-dosage.
Contact Us to Receive the SRT-100 Brochure












General contact




First Name* 



 


Last Name* 



 


Phone Number* 



 


Email* 



 


City* 



 


State* 



 


USA* 



 


Tell us who you are* 

Patient
Physician



 


Which brochure would you like?* 




                        SRT-100™                    




                        SRT-100 Vision™                    




                        Neither                    




 


Comment 



 

This field should be left blank
 

Submit

Please wait...






Sensus reserves the right to modify or change the design of the products at
any given time without notice as technology and client needs evolve over time.







The SRT-100™ offers a wide range of treatment applicators.
Skin Cancer Applicator Set – 1.5 cm, 2 cm, 2.5 cm, 3 cm, 4 cm, 5 cm diameter at 15 cm SSD
Keloids Applicator Set – 7.3 cm diameter at 15 cm SSD & 10 cm, 12.7 cm diameter at 25 cm SSD, 18×8 at 30cm SSD
Safety Block — Safety X-Ray Port Block
Ease of use — Turn & Lock
Automatic Applicator Sensing and Display









            No Cutting        





            No Pain        





            No Downtime        





            No Scarring        















Patients


FIND AN SRT PROVIDER >













Physicians


CONNECT WITH AN SRT REP >

























Solutions▲Superficial Radiation TherapySkin Cancer TreatmentBasal Cell Carcinoma TreatmentSquamous Cell Carcinoma TreatmentKeloid RemovalSRT-100™SRT-100 Vision™Alternative to Mohs SurgeryAbout▼CompanyLeadershipMedical AdvisoryBoardFAQPatient OutcomesNewsCareersFor PhysiciansInvestorsContact 



  


































SENSUS HEALTHCARE, INC. (SRTSU) IPO - NASDAQ.com

































































Hot Topics:
ETFs |
Smart Portfolio |
Currencies |
Online Broker Center















Search






















Home > 
    Markets > 
    IPOs  > 
    Company IPO Overview





SENSUS HEALTHCARE, INC. (SRTSU) IPO




Overview




News Headlines




Financials & Filings




Experts















Key Data
Use of Proceeds
Competitors




Company Overview


Company Name
SENSUS HEALTHCARE, INC.


Company Address
851 BROKEN SOUND PARKWAY NWSUITE 215BOCA RATON, FL 33487


Company Phone
561-922-5808


Company Website
www.sensushealthcare.com


CEO
Joseph C. Sardano


Employees  (as of 4/30/2016) 
28


State of Inc
DE


Fiscal Year End
12/31


Status
Priced (6/3/2016)


Proposed Symbol
SRTSU


Exchange
NASDAQ


Share Price
$5.50


Shares Offered
2,000,000


Offer Amount
$11,000,000.00


Total Expenses
$893,062.00


Shares Over Alloted
0


Shareholder Shares Offered
 -- 


Shares Outstanding
12,675,707


Lockup Period (days)
180


Lockup Expiration
11/30/2016


Quiet Period Expiration
7/13/2016


CIK
0001494891




We estimate we will receive net proceeds from this offering of approximately
$9.3 million (or $10.9 million if the underwriters exercise their option to
purchase additional units in full), after deducting underwriting discounts and
commissions and estimated offering expenses payable by us. The foregoing net
proceeds do not include any proceeds that we may receive from the exercise of
warrants included in the units.

The principal purposes of this offering are to obtain additional capital to
support our operations, create a public market for our common stock and to
facilitate future access to the public equity markets. We currently expect to
use the net proceeds of this offering primarily to fund the commercialization
and continued development of the SRT-100 product line and other products as
follows:

• approximately $3.0 million for the expansion of our sales and marketing 
  activities, including hiring new sales representatives and a director of   
  marketing;                                                                 

• approximately $3.0 million for research and development for new products and
  improvements to existing products;                                     

• up to $2.7 million to pay a dividend owed to former holders of our limited 
  liability company units with a preferred return prior to our corporate     
  conversion, in each case who have not elected to convert such dividend into
  shares of our common stock at the initial public offering price attributable 
  to the common stock within 30 days following the closing of this offering; and

• the remainder for working capital and other general corporate purposes.

In addition, we may also use a portion of our net proceeds to acquire and invest
in complementary products, technologies, services or businesses. We are
exploring the possibility of reducing our reliance on third party manufacturers
by bringing certain manufacturing, service and research and development
functions in-house, which could include the acquisition of equipment and other
fixed assets or the acquisition or lease of a manufacturing facility. However,
we currently have no agreements or commitments to complete any such transactions
nor are we involved in negotiations to do so.

Our expected use of net proceeds from this offering represents our current
intentions based upon our plans and business condition. As of the date of this
prospectus, we cannot predict with certainty all of the particular uses for the
net proceeds to be received upon the completion of this offering or the amounts
that we will actually spend on the uses set forth above. The amounts and timing
of our actual use of the net proceeds will vary depending on numerous factors,
including the factors described under the heading “Risk Factors” in this
prospectus. As a result, management will have broad discretion in its
application of the net proceeds, and investors will be relying on our judgment
in such application.

Pending use of the net proceeds from this offering, we may invest in short- and
intermediate-term interest-bearing obligations, investment-grade instruments,
certificates of deposit or direct or guaranteed obligations of the U.S.
government.


The medical device industry is highly competitive, subject to rapid
technological change and significantly affected by new product introductions and
market activities of other participants. Our currently marketed products, and
any future products we commercialize, will compete against healthcare providers
who use traditional surgical treatment options, such as Mohs surgery, as well as
medical device companies that offer other treatment options for the conditions
our products are designed to treat. We currently have three primary medical
device company competitors:

• Xstrahl Medical (formerly Gulmay, headquartered in the United Kingdom)

• Xoft (a subsidiary of iCad, headquartered in New Hampshire)

• Elekta (headquartered in Georgia)

Xstrahl Medical is an engineering company focused on industrial and research
x-ray therapy devices. We believe most of Xstrahl Medical’s installed base is
comprised of legacy orthovoltage machines made up of higher energy devices
located in Europe.

Both Xoft and Elekta offer products that are considered Electronic Brachytherapy
(“eBx”) devices. Due to this classification, both companies may face challenges
in the U.S. and certain other international markets where laws and regulations
require that a radiation oncologist, medical physicist, or radiation therapist
be involved with every treatment. Additionally, the CPT® Editorial Panel has
established two new treatment delivery codes for eBx for 2016, including a
specific skin code. In addition, in early 2015, a large Medicare contractor
issued guidance precluding the reporting of the existing eBx treatment delivery
code for skin. The 2016 payments rates for the eBx treatment delivery skin code
is currently being established by the various Medicare contractors. The new skin
only code and payment rates may make this technology a challenge for dermatology
in-office applications. Based on typical treatment practices, it appears that
both eBx products also have limited capabilities as to size of lesions that can
be treated and require expensive consumables. Furthermore, eBx products have
very limited clinical studies.

Many of our current and potential competitors have significantly greater
financial, technical, marketing and other resources than we do and may be able
to devote greater resources to the development, promotion, sale and support of
their products. Our competitors may also have more extensive customer bases and
broader customer relationships than we do, including relationships with our
potential customers. In addition, many of these companies and healthcare
providers have longer operating histories and greater brand recognition than we
do. Because of the size of the skin cancer treatment market and the high growth
profile of the segments in which we compete, we anticipate that companies will
dedicate significant resources to developing competing products. Additionally,
we may also face competition from smaller companies that have developed or are
developing similar technologies for our addressable markets. We believe that the
principal competitive factors in our markets include:

• improved outcomes for medical conditions;

• acceptance by doctors treating non-melanoma skin cancer and keloids;

• potential greater acceptance by the patient community;

• potential greater ease of use and reliability;

• product price and qualification for reimbursement;

• technical leadership and superiority;

• effective marketing and distribution; and

• speed to market.

We may be unable to compete effectively against our competitors in regard to any
one or all of these factors. Our ability to compete effectively will depend on
the acceptance of our products by dermatologists, radiation oncologists,
hospitals and patients, and our ability to achieve better clinical outcomes than
products developed by our existing or future competitors. In addition, certain
of our competitors could use their superior financial resources to develop
products that have features or clinical outcomes similar or superior to our
products, which would harm our ability to successfully compete.


Company Description
We are a medical device company, headquartered in Boca Raton, Florida,
specializing in the treatment of non-melanoma skin cancers and other skin
conditions, such as keloids, with superficial radiation therapy. Superficial
radiation therapy is based on a technology with decades of successful


 clinical
use treating various benign and malignant skin conditions. Prior to the
introduction of Mohs surgery and linear accelerators in the late 1960s and early
1970s, the predecessor of superficial radiation therapy, orthovoltage, was the
standard of care in treating several skin conditions, including skin cancer.
When Mohs surgery was developed and linear accelerators, or LINACS, were
introduced to treat cancer, the manufacturers of the orthovoltage devices
abandoned manufacturing these products believing that Mohs surgery and linear
accelerators would ultimately become the standard of care in treating skin
cancer. We believe that orthovoltage device manufacturers may have perceived
these newer procedures and technology as being superior to orthovoltage for a
number of reasons, including (i) the fact that Mohs surgery did not require
significant capital investment, other than specialized medical training, (ii)
that higher-powered LINACS offered the ability to treat a wider variety of
conditions because of its deeper x-ray penetration, and (iii) the perceived
impracticalities of orthovoltage machines due to their large size. As a result,
the orthovoltage technology became largely dormant.

Recently, healthcare providers are recognizing the benefits of superficial
radiation therapy and there is a resurgence of this technology. Based on a
retrospective analysis published in the Journal of the American Academy of
Dermatology in 2012, recurrence rates for all tumors at two and five years were
1.9% and 5.0%, respectively, for cases of cutaneous basal cell carcinoma and
squamous cell carcinoma treated with superficial radiation therapy, matching the
recurrence rates for Mohs surgery. We believe this study illustrates the
effectiveness of superficial radiation therapy in the treatment of non-melanoma
skin cancer. Superficial radiation therapy is also an effective treatment
modality for keloids, which are firm, rubbery lesions or shiny, fibrous nodules,
that can vary from pink to the color of the patient’s flesh or red to dark brown
in color, in conjunction with surgical removal. One recent study has indicated
that surgical excision combined with platelet rich plasma and post-operative
in-office superficial radiation therapy can achieve a non-recurrence rate of
100% at the fourth to eleventh month follow-up. No other treatment modality
known to us leads to a greater non-recurrence rate.

We believe that modern superficial radiation therapy technology has improved
over its orthovoltage predecessor. With modern technology, such as that found in
the SRT-100, an equipment system manufactured by us, there is very low radiation
scatter, which is significantly below the threshold defined by the American
Association of Physicists in Medicine and the Conference of Radiation Control
Program Directors, Inc. Our technologies preserve healthy tissue while attacking
only the cancer cells because, unlike LINACS, the SRT-100 uses low energy photon
x-rays, which are only capable of penetrating skin up to approximately five
millimeters. Further, while orthovoltage devices were very large (requiring a
dedicated room), the SRT-100 is a mobile unit with a 30" x 30" footprint.
Additionally, with a shift in the demographics of skin cancer patients due to an
aging population, we believe superficial radiation therapy offers certain
benefits that may not have been relevant decades ago when skin cancer patients
were generally younger. For example, patients with certain health conditions or
who have been prescribed certain medications may not be good candidates for
surgical procedures, such as Mohs surgery, due to the additional health risks
these procedures present.

Although Mohs surgery, a procedure involving the progressive removal of
microscopic layers of cancer-containing skin until all cancer cells are removed,
is one of the leading methods to treat non-melanoma skin cancer, there are
significant downsides to this procedure. For example, patients often experience
pain following the procedure. In addition to the inconvenience and pain involved
with undergoing Mohs surgery, there are several other potential unpleasant
aspects that may affect the surgical area, such as temporary or permanent 
numbness, temporary or permanent weakness, itching, enlarged scarring, and other
post-surgical complications. Superficial radiation therapy treatments typically
take less than one minute per treatment, and therapy requires multiple visits. 
Often, patients undergoing superficial radiation therapy treatment will need 
three to four treatments per week for up to four consecutive weeks to achieve 
the desired results. Additionally, superficial radiation therapy is typically 
limited to the treatment of surface-based skin cancers because of the limited 
penetrating ability of the radiation used. Therefore, while safe and effective
for many skin cancers, superficial radiation therapy typically is ineffective in
treating skin cancer in advanced stages.

We believe that our products provide patients with a safe and virtually
pain-free alternative to surgery for treating non-melanoma skin cancers,
including basal cell and squamous cell carcinoma, and other skin conditions,
including keloids. Our products also allow dermatologists to retain non-melanoma
skin cancer patients, rather than referring them to other specialists, while
offering radiation oncologists an alternative to costly linear accelerator-based
treatments with a process that is less invasive, more time-efficient, and which
improves practice economics.

We offer the SRT-100 product family, which we anticipate will be complemented by
additional models and options in the future. With over 220 installations in 12
countries, we believe our SRT-100 product family to be a global leader in the
superficial radiation therapy space.

We own two patents in the U.S. (U.S. Patent Nos. 7372940 and 7263170) related to
the SRT-100 system and a third patent application pending in the U.S., China and
Russia. We have also submitted two provisional patent applications and are in
the process of preparing several other provisional patent applications. We have
received 510(k) marketing clearance from the U.S. Food and Drug Administration,
or FDA, European CE marking certification, CFDA (the Chinese equivalent of the
FDA), and Health Canada approval. We also received regulatory clearance for
Russia in the fourth quarter of 2015. These governmental clearances and
approvals are required to market and sell medical devices to customers located
in the countries or areas covered by these agencies. We are currently marketing
our SRT-100 in both the U.S. and abroad to private dermatology practices and
private and hospital-based radiation oncology practices. We have been active in
bringing this system to the global marketplace since the fourth quarter of 2010
and have a growing distribution network to sell the SRT-100 to healthcare
providers in the U.S. and internationally.
---

Sensus Healthcare, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, was formed on May
7, 2010, to design, manufacture and market proprietary medical devices
specializing in the treatment of non-melanoma skin cancers and other skin
conditions, such as keloids, with superficial radiation therapy. In June 2010,
Sensus Healthcare, LLC, a Florida limited liability company (“Sensus (FL)”),
acquired all the assets associated with our primary product, the SRT-100, from
Topex, Inc. for $1.3 million. Following this acquisition, we relaunched the
SRT-100 under the Sensus Healthcare brand. In December 2011, we merged with
Sensus (FL), with the Delaware limited liability company surviving the merger
for the purpose of changing our domicile from Florida to Delaware. On January 1,
2016, we completed a corporate conversion pursuant to which Sensus Healthcare,
Inc. succeeded to the business of Sensus Healthcare, LLC, and the equity holders
of Sensus Healthcare, LLC became stockholders of Sensus Healthcare, Inc. Our
principal executive offices are located at 851 Broken Sound Pkwy. NW #215, Boca
Raton, Florida and our telephone number at that address is (561) 922-5808. Our
website is located at www.sensushealthcare.com.


Full Description

The IPO profiles may contain historical records. Please visit the latest IPOs for the most recent information.




Company Financials



Revenue
$3,035,204


Net Income
$2,081


Total Assets
$9,989,357






Total Liabilities
$4,068,428


Stockholders' Equity
$5,920,929


View all Company Financials for SRTSU


Company Filings

                                    Viewing: 1 - 7 Total: 7
					            



Company Name
Form Type
Date Received
View



SENSUS HEALTHCARE, INC.
424B4
6/3/2016
Filing



SENSUS HEALTHCARE, INC.
S-1MEF
6/2/2016
Filing



SENSUS HEALTHCARE, INC.
S-1/A
5/19/2016
Filing



SENSUS HEALTHCARE, INC.
S-1/A
5/13/2016
Filing



SENSUS HEALTHCARE, INC.
S-1/A
3/25/2016
Filing



SENSUS HEALTHCARE, INC.
S-1/A
3/10/2016
Filing



SENSUS HEALTHCARE, INC.
S-1
2/10/2016
Filing



View all SEC Filings for SRTSU




Experts


Auditor
Marcum LLP


Company Counsel
Gunster, Yoakley & Stewart, P.A.


Lead Underwriter
Feltl and Company, Inc


Lead Underwriter
Joseph Gunnar and Co., L.L.C


Lead Underwriter
Neidiger, Tucker, Bruner, Inc


Lead Underwriter
Northland Securities, Inc


Transfer Agent
American Stock Transfer & Trust Company, LLC


Underwriter
Neidiger, Tucker, Bruner, Inc


Underwriter Counsel
Mintz, Levin, Cohn, Ferris, Glovksy and Popeo, P.C









News for SRTSU









                        Radiation therapy raises $11 million: Sensus Healthcare prices upsized IPO below the range at $5.50
                    

6/2/2016 9:19:45 PM - Renaissance Capital



                        US IPO Week Ahead: Billionaire doctor back with another IPO
                    

5/27/2016 4:52:47 PM - Renaissance Capital




 Subscribe


                More SRTSU News & Commentary



                Read SRTSU Press Releases

















Today's Market Activity





NASDAQ

6373.66


-8.53
 ▼ 
0.13%





DJIA

21808.84


12.29
 ▲ 
0.06%





S&P 500

2470.10


-5.32
 ▼ 
0.21%










Data as of Jul 28, 2017 | 2:50PM


Try for Free: NASDAQ LiveQuotes Platform



View All















Latest News Headlines




                            U.S. FDA aims to cut nicotine in cigarettes, shift toward e-cigarettes
                        



	                     2:19PM ET  - Reuters
	                




                            Exxon Mobil profit disappoints Wall Street, Chevron shines
                        



	                     2:05PM ET  - Reuters
	                




                            TransCanada to make final decision on Keystone XL by December
                        



	                     2:04PM ET  - Reuters
	                




                            BCB Bancorp, Inc. Announces Revised Second Quarter Earnings
                        



	                     2:00PM ET  - GlobeNewswire
	                





View All Latest Headlines

















Upcoming Earnings



Company
Expected Report Date




AAPL
Jul 25, 2017


ODFL
Jul 27, 2017


FB
Jul 26, 2017


TSLA
Aug 2, 2017


T
Jul 20, 2017


AMZN
Jul 27, 2017


VZ
Jul 27, 2017


GE
Jul 21, 2017





Earnings Calendar


























CLOSEX

Edit Favorites

Enter up to 25 symbols separated by commas or spaces in the text box below. These symbols will be available during your session for use on applicable pages.






Update

Clear List







CLOSEX
Customize your NASDAQ.com experience
Background Color Selector

Select the background color of your choice:





 Black
							





 Slate Gray
							






 Light Gray
							





 Gray Blue
							






Quote Search

Select a default target page for your quote search:



						 Real-Time

						 After Hours

						 Pre-Market
 News
					


						 Flash Quote

						 Summary Quote

						 Interactive Charts

						 Default Setting




					Please note that once you make your selection, it will apply to all future visits to NASDAQ.com.
					If, at any time, you are interested in reverting to our default settings, please select Default Setting above.
					
					If you have any questions or encounter any issues in changing your default settings, please email isfeedback@nasdaq.com.
				





CLOSEX
Please confirm your selection:

					You have selected to change your default setting for the Quote Search. This will now be your default target page;
					unless you change your configuration again, or you delete your
					cookies. Are you sure you want to change your settings?


YES
NO













CLOSEX


Please disable your ad blocker (or update your settings to ensure that javascript and cookies are enabled), so that we can continue to provide you with the first-rate market news and data you've come to expect from us.





CLOSEX





































