










What is a Managed Separate Account? - Nasdaq.com

















































































Hot Topics:
ETFs |
Smart Portfolio |
Currencies |
Online Broker Center















Search










































What is a Managed Separate Account?


July 21, 2010, 08:00:00 AM EDT
By Mike Rowan, erollover









































Shutterstock photo


Managed Separate Accounts
A
managed separate account

is a type of investment, similar to a
mutual fund

, that is under the management of a professional investment firm. A
portfolio manager is responsible for all of the investment
decisions, and rely on various analysts to assist them in making
strategic investment decisions. Managed separate accounts are
different than mutual funds due to the fact that each investment
portfolio is unique to you personal account. For example, if you
had a separate account, the money manager has complete discretion
to make decisions that may differ from decisions made for other
related accounts.
Managed separate accounts vs. Mutual Funds
In this example, let's say that the portfolio manager invests
your money in an equity strategy where your portfolio is made up of
20 individual stocks. Concurrently, they launch an identical mutual
fund strategy made up of these exact stock holdings. In the
beginning, both portfolios with the same percentage of ownership in
the securities . From your point of view, while the holdings in
either fund are identical in the beginning, the statements will
look different. For the mutual fund client, their holding will show
on their statement as a single holding, and does not break down the
individual holdings within the account. The mutual fund's net asset
value will be calculated at the end of each day, and a value will
be assigned.



The
managed separate account

, however, will have a listing of the individual stock positions
and values separately, and the value of the account will be treated
on an individual basis throughout the day as the stocks in your
portfolio rise and fall. As time goes on, the mutual fund and
separate account portfolios evolve in a different way. The
decisions that the mutual fund portfolio manager makes will affect
all of the mutual fund holders in the exact same way. On the other
hand, the separate account decisions are actually made for each
individual holder and will vary from account holder to account
holder.
Individual Portfolio Customization
When it comes to individual taxable accounts especially,
managed separate account

holders have a unique advantage. Mutual funds act as a single
bucket, with no regard to the individual situations of each
investor. However, with managed accounts, investors are treated
differently dependent on their individual situation, and they have
the ability to do things that you cannot do in a mutual fund like
harvesting losses at the end of the year, avoiding particular
industries, and avoiding many of the operating expenses that are
built into mutual funds.
Account Minimums to participate in a separate account
As previously mentioned, managed separate accounts have an
advantage over mutual funds in that you are not lumped into a pool
of investors that are sharing expenses. However, these accounts are
not available to any investor like mutual funds, as you do have to
have a minimum amount of money in order to have access to these
types of accounts. As a general rule of thumb, you have to have at
least $100,000 to invest in order to participate in a separate
account.
Fee Structure differences between mutual funds and separate
managed accounts
Mutual fund fees are simple and relatively uncomplicated. Their
charge is known as a net expense ratio, that includes the
management fee, trading costs, and a charge called a 12(b)1 fee for
most types of funds. Many funds also have different types of sales
charges, and the differences can be found by reading this article
about the different types of
mutual fund sales expenses

.

Managed Separate accounts

are much more cut and dry when it comes to expenses. Usually the
fund manager and your advisor agree on a fee that is charged as a
percentage of your assets under management. Most separate account
fees range between 1.5-2.8%, and are charged on a quarterly basis.
There are no other built in fees, so separate accounts usually
provide more of a value since they are a bit cheaper than most
mutual funds.



The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc.











This article appears in:
Personal Finance                           
                            
                                , Retirement
















More from erollover



Subscribe




eRollover Homepage
eRollover Education Center
eRollover Member Center














Related Retirement Articles




Subscribe







Survey Reveals Americans' Biggest Money Fears in 2017


						7/28/2017 08:15 AM
					



Retirement Income Strategies for our Next Bear Market


						7/27/2017 12:00 AM
					



From Healthcare to Groceries: Brilliant Ways Seniors Can Save Money


						7/26/2017 08:46 AM
					














Contributor:erollover
























Most Popular




Highest Rated











Shareholders Approve Major Structural Change to Top Performing...
Yatra Attains Leadership Position in Corporate Travel With the...
Mitel To Acquire ShoreTel - Quick Facts
Miller Heiman Group Selects CallidusCloud Datahug for Pipeline...
Tractor Supply Company Reports Second Quarter Results




View All Highest Rated






















Research Brokers before you trade



		Compare Online Brokers
	


Want to trade FX?



		Visit our Forex Broker Center 
	
















Find a Credit Card



                    Select a credit card product by:
                


 Card Type
 Credit Score
 Card Issuer



                    Select an offer:
                





0% APR Credit CardsAirline Credit CardsBalance Transfer Credit CardsBusiness Credit CardsCash Back Credit CardsCharge CardsCharge Cards for BusinessEMV Smart ChipsGas Cards & Auto RewardsHome Improvement Rewards Credit CardsInstant Approval Credit CardsLow Interest Credit CardsNo Annual Fee Credit CardsNo Foreign Transaction Fee Credit CardsPoints Rewards Credit CardsPrepaid & Debit CardsReward Credit CardsStudent Credit CardsTop 10 Best Credit Card Deals and Offers




Bad CreditCredit Quality AverageCredit Quality ExcellentCredit Quality FairCredit Quality GoodLimited or No Credit HistoryPersonal Loans




American ExpressAmerican Express Airline CardsAmerican Express Business CardsAmerican Express Cash Back Credit CardsAmerican Express Charge CardsBarclaycardCapital OneCapital One Cash BackCapital One Fair CreditCapital One MilesCapital One PointsCapital One Prepaid Credit CardsChaseCiti Credit CardsDiscoverDiscover CashbackDiscover MilesDiscover Student Credit CardsMasterCard Credit CardsU.S. BankUSAAUSAA SavingsVisa Credit Cards







Search





Data Provided by BankRate.com






Stocks

Referenced































CLOSEX

Edit Favorites

Enter up to 25 symbols separated by commas or spaces in the text box below. These symbols will be available during your session for use on applicable pages.






Update

Clear List







CLOSEX
Customize your NASDAQ.com experience
Background Color Selector

Select the background color of your choice:





 Black
							





 Slate Gray
							






 Light Gray
							





 Gray Blue
							






Quote Search

Select a default target page for your quote search:



						 Real-Time

						 After Hours

						 Pre-Market
 News
					


						 Flash Quote

						 Summary Quote

						 Interactive Charts

						 Default Setting




					Please note that once you make your selection, it will apply to all future visits to NASDAQ.com.
					If, at any time, you are interested in reverting to our default settings, please select Default Setting above.
					
					If you have any questions or encounter any issues in changing your default settings, please email isfeedback@nasdaq.com.
				





CLOSEX
Please confirm your selection:

					You have selected to change your default setting for the Quote Search. This will now be your default target page;
					unless you change your configuration again, or you delete your
					cookies. Are you sure you want to change your settings?


YES
NO













CLOSEX


Please disable your ad blocker (or update your settings to ensure that javascript and cookies are enabled), so that we can continue to provide you with the first-rate market news and data you've come to expect from us.





CLOSEX










































Separate Accounts


















 







Committees Active on This Topic


Financial Condition (E) Committee


Additional Resources


Separate Account  Risk Working Group
July 2012, CIPR Newsletter
Financial  Condition (E) Committee Efforts Regarding Separate Accounts - Update


Contacts


Media queries should be directed to the NAIC Communications Division at 816-783-8909 or news@naic.org
Julie Gann
Senior  Manager - Accounting and Reporting
Phone: 816-783-8966
Fax: 816-460-7821
 NAIC Center for Insurance Policy and Research (CIPR)
CIPR Homepage




CIPR STUDIES  |  BRIEFS, LETTERS, MOUs, TESTIMONY & SPEECHES
Separate Accounts

Last Updated 7/11/17
A “separate account” is a fund held by a life insurance  company that   is maintained separately from the insurer's general assets.  Separate   accounts were originally established in response to federal securities    laws for investment-linked variable annuities.   Although it took many years, the  application of separate accounts has   dramatically expanded beyond this simple  product design. Product   development has resulted with an array of “hybrid”  products—products   that overlay traditional insurance company guarantees (e.g.,  mortality,   morbidity, etc.) being allocated to the separate account investment    portfolio.
The use of separate accounts by insurers has evolved rapidly  over the   past 20 years. In response to recommendations to clarify information    pertaining to separate account products, and related separate account   assets,  detailed information is available in the statutory financial   statements:

Distinct filings for       separate products that are   “insulated” or “not insulated” from the general       account creditors.   When completing the insulated separate account filing,       the   reporting entity is only to include those assets that are legally         insulated by state law or statute, in which the state law provides legal         protection to the separate account contract holder from the   general       account liabilities. 
Detailed information on       the characteristics of   separate account assets, specifically categorizing       separate   account assets in accordance with the following characteristics: 
          
Identification of        separate account assets   legally insulated and those which are not legally        insulated.   Identification is also required for all separate account        assets   not reported at fair value, and the measurement basis used for          those separate account assets. 
Amount of separate        account assets that   represent seed money, other fees and expenses due to        the general   account and additional required surplus amounts. (Additional          required surplus is defined as additional or permanent surplus that is          required to be retained in the separate account in accordance with   state        law or regulations.) Information is reported on any   current year        transfers to the separate account for seed money, as   well as the duration        in which seed money, other fees and   expenses, and additional required        surplus amounts due to the   general account have been held in the separate        account. 
Identification of        separate account assets in   which the investment directive is not        determined by the contract   holder. Situations in which the investment        directive is not   determined by the contract holder also require        disclosure on   whether the investments, if included in the general        account,   would have resulted with the reporting entity exceeding any          general account investment limitations. 
Identification of        separate account assets in   which less than 100% of investment proceeds        are attributed to the   contract holder. This also includes identification        of the   separate account investment income attributed to the reporting          entity during the reporting period, and whether the income was          transferred to the general account or reinvested within the separate          account. 
Identification of all        products reported as a   separate account product under statutory        accounting principles,   and whether the product was classified differently        under U.S.   GAAP. For products with different classifications between          statutory accounting and U.S. GAAP, identification of the   characteristics        that resulted with a different classification   under U.S. GAAP.


Information on separate account products with general    accounting guarantees, including the amount of guarantees paid by the   general  account for the current reporting year, and for the previous   four reporting  years. This information also details the risk charges   paid from the separate  account to the general account related to these   guarantees, and whether the  risk charges are reviewed and opined upon.



 
 
 



















Separate Account

















































































 























Topics



What's New



Amazon Wobble Creates Ripples Across Worldwide Stock Markets




5 Secrets You Didn't Know About Roth IRAs


Topics

News
Financial Advisors
Markets
Anxiety Index
Investing
Managing Wealth
ETFs
The Trump Economy
Retirement
Personal Finance
Trading
ETFs Made Simple
Tech
Life Stages
Small Business
Bitcoin





Reference



Dictionary
Term Of The Day

Free Rider Problem
1. In economics, the free rider problem refers to a situation where some individuals ... 
Read More »



Broker Reviews




Find the best broker for your trading or investing needs
See Reviews



Latest Videos


Are Bezos & Musk's Rocketships Bad for Markets?


Guides

Stock Basics
Economics Basics
Options Basics


Exam Prep

Series 7 Exam
CFA Level 1
Series 65 Exam





Advisors




Advisor Insights
Our network of expert financial advisors field questions from our community.
Ask A Question



Join Advisor Insights
Are you a financial advisor? Showcase your expertise to 20+ million investors.
Join Now



Financial Advisors
Sophisticated content for financial advisors around investment strategies, industry trends, and advisor education.


Find an Advisor

Atlanta
Los Angeles
Boston
New York
Houston





Markets




Markets
The latest markets news, real time quotes, financials and more.



Watchlist
Track stocks and ETFs
Add New Watchlist





Simulator




Stock Simulator
Trade with a starting balance of $100,000 and zero risk!



FX Trader
Trade the Forex market risk free using our free Forex trading simulator.






NEW
                                Academy
                            




Investopedia Academy
Learn from the world's leader in financial education
Check out all courses


Featured Courses



Become a day trader
Start Learning



Excel for Finance
Start Learning



Latest Courses

Become a Day Trader
Excel for Finance
Coming soon: Fundamental Investing
Coming soon: Financial Modeling
All Courses






















Site Log In


Advisor Insights Log In



Newsletters

























Separate Account









Share








































What is a 'Separate Account'
A separate account is a privately managed investment account opened through a brokerage or financial advisor that uses pooled money to buy individual assets. 2. In the context of variable annuities, these are payments made to an insurance company for the purpose of investing in securities. These securities are kept separate from the insurer's general investments. 

BREAKING DOWN 'Separate Account'
1. This differs from a mutual fund because the investor directly owns the securities instead of owning a share in a pool of securities. Most separate accounts require a minimum investment of $100,000 or more. 






  


 









 




Trading Center




















                                                    Variable Annuity                                            




                                                    General Account                                            




                                                    Unitized Fund                                            




                                                    Pooled Funds                                            




                                                    Valuation Period                                            




                                                    Annuity Consideration                                            




                                                    Mortality And Expense Risk Charge                                            




                                                    Peer-To-Peer (P2P) Insurance                                            




                                                    SEC Form N-3                                            




Next Up 

































 

Dictionary:
#
a
b
c
d
e
f
g
h
i
j
k
l
m
n
o
p
q
r
s
t
u
v
w
x
y
z




Content Library
Articles
Terms
Videos
Guides
Slideshows
FAQs
Calculators
Chart Advisor
Stock Analysis
Stock Simulator
FXtrader
Exam Prep Quizzer
Net Worth Calculator




Connect With Investopedia
























Work With Investopedia
About Us
Advertise With Us
Write For Us
Contact Us
Careers




Get Free Newsletters
Newsletters









Work With Investopedia
About Us
Advertise With Us
Write For Us
Contact Us
Careers



© 2017, Investopedia, LLC.

All Rights Reserved
Terms Of Use
Privacy Policy



























SEC Info - Separate Account Va-2L, et al. - ‘485APOS’ on 1/18/02










SEC Info uses JavaScript!  To view pages properly, enable JavaScript in your browser.


    SEC Info      Home      Search      My Interests      Help      Sign In      Please Sign In




Separate Account Va-2L, et al. – ‘485APOS’ on 1/18/02On:  Friday, 1/18/02   ·   Accession #:  928385-2-150   ·   File #s:  33-49998, 811-07042
Previous ‘485APOS’:  ‘485APOS’ on 2/9/01   ·   Next:  ‘485APOS’ on 9/5/02   ·   Latest:  ‘485APOS’ on 4/17/12



  in 
this entire Filing.
an "Entity" Search.
  Show 
Docs searched
 and 
every "hit".
the 1st "hit".

Help... Wildcards:  ? (any letter),  * (many).  Logic:  for Docs:  & (and),  | (or);  for Text:  | (anywhere),  "(&)" (near).    ↓Bottom
 
T-->  As Of                Filer                Filing    For·On·As Docs:Size              Issuer               Agent

 1/18/02  Separate Account Va-2L            485APOS                4:387K                                   Donnelley R R & S..09/FA
          Separate Account Va-2L of Transamerica Occidental Life Ins CF-->Post-Effective AmendmentFiling Table of Contents
Document/Exhibit                   Description                      Pages   Size 

 1: 485APOS     Post-Effective Amendment                             117    626K 
 2: EX-4.A.7    Instrument Defining the Rights of Security Holders     3      8K 
 3: EX-4.B.10   Instrument Defining the Rights of Security Holders     3     10K 
 4: EX-4.C.13   Instrument Defining the Rights of Security Holders     3     10K 

D-->485APOS   —   Post-Effective AmendmentDocument Table of Contents
Page (sequential) | (alphabetic) Top A-->
Alternative Formats (Word, et al.)
Account Value
Account Value -- On or before the annuity date, the account value is equal to the owner's:
Additional Purchase Payments
Adjusted Historical Performance Data
Adjusted Partial Surrender
Administration
Administrative Charges
Allocation of Purchase Payments
Amendments
Amount of Death Benefit
Annuity Contracts in General
Annuity Contracts Purchased by Nonresident Aliens and Foreign Corporations
Annuity Factor Age Adjustment
Annuity Payment Options
Annuity Payments
APPENDIX A Condensed Financial Information
APPENDIX B Historical Performance Data
APPENDIX C Contract Variations
Appreciation
Asset Rebalancing
Assignment
Certain Federal Income Tax Consequences
Contract Issue Requirements
Custody of Assets
Death Benefit
Death of Owner
Delay of Payment and Transfers
Distribution of the Contracts
Diversification and Distribution Requirements
Dollar Cost Averaging Program
Employee and Agent Purchases
Entire Contract
Evidence of Survival
Excess Interest Adjustment
Exchanges and Reinstatements
Federal, State and Local Taxes
Financial Statements
Financial Statements and Exhibits
Fixed Account, The
Glossary of Terms
Guaranteed Minimum Death Benefit
Guaranteed Minimum Income Benefit
Guaranteed Minimum Income Benefit -- Additional Information
Historical Performance Data
Imsa
Indemnification
Independent Auditors
Initial Payment Guarantee
Investment Experience
Legal Matters
Legal Proceedings
List of Directors and Officers of the Depositor
Location and Accounts and Records
Management Services
Maximum Total Purchase Payments
Minimum Annuitization Value Adjustment
Misstatement of Age or Sex
Mixed and Shared Funding
Money Market Subaccount
Money Market Yields
Non-Participating
Number of Certificate Owners
Nursing Care and Terminal Condition Withdrawal Option
Other Information
Other Performance Data
Other Products
Other Subaccount Yields
Owner
Ownership
Persons Controlled by or under Common Control With the Depositor or Registrant
Portfolio Fees and Expenses
Possible Tax Law Changes
Premium Taxes
Present Value of Future Variable Payments
Principal Underwriter
Published Ratings
Purchase Payments
Qualified and Nonqualified Contracts
Qualified Contracts
Records and Reports
Stabilized Payments
State Regulation of Transamerica
Summary
Surrender Charges
Surrenders
Systematic Withdrawal Option
Table of Contents
Table of Contents of the Statement of Additional Information
Taxation of Death Benefit Proceeds
Taxation of Transamerica
Tax Relief Rider
Tax Relief Rider -- Additional Information
Telephone Transactions
The Fixed Account
The Variable Account
Total Returns
Transamerica Occidental Life Insurance Company
Transfer Fee
Transfers
Transfers, Assignments or Exchanges of Contracts
Undertakings
Unemployment Waiver
Variable Account Charges
Variable Account, The
Voting Rights
When We Do Not Pay A Death Benefit
When We Pay A Death Benefit
10. Additional Features
11. Other Information
1. the Annuity Contract
2. Purchase
3. Investment Choices
4. Performance
5. Expenses
6. Access to Your Money
7. Annuity Payments (The Income Phase)
8. Death Benefit
9. Taxes
S-->
11st Page   -   Filing Submission
"Transamerica Occidental Life Insurance Company
4Glossary of Terms
"Account Value -- On or before the annuity date, the account value is equal to the owner's:
5Summary
"1. the Annuity Contract
"2. Purchase
"3. Investment Choices
64. Performance
"5. Expenses
"6. Access to Your Money
77. Annuity Payments (The Income Phase)
"8. Death Benefit
"9. Taxes
"10. Additional Features
811. Other Information
"Financial Statements
9Appreciation
15Contract Issue Requirements
"Purchase Payments
16Additional Purchase Payments
"Maximum Total Purchase Payments
"Allocation of Purchase Payments
"Account Value
"The Variable Account
17The Fixed Account
18Transfers
19Surrender Charges
20Excess Interest Adjustment
"Administrative Charges
"Premium Taxes
"Federal, State and Local Taxes
"Transfer Fee
"Guaranteed Minimum Income Benefit
21Initial Payment Guarantee
"Tax Relief Rider
"Portfolio Fees and Expenses
"Surrenders
"Delay of Payment and Transfers
22Annuity Payments
24When We Pay A Death Benefit
"When We Do Not Pay A Death Benefit
"Amount of Death Benefit
25Guaranteed Minimum Death Benefit
"Adjusted Partial Surrender
26Annuity Contracts in General
"Qualified and Nonqualified Contracts
27Diversification and Distribution Requirements
"Taxation of Death Benefit Proceeds
28Annuity Contracts Purchased by Nonresident Aliens and Foreign Corporations
"Transfers, Assignments or Exchanges of Contracts
"Possible Tax Law Changes
"Variable Account Charges
"Systematic Withdrawal Option
33Nursing Care and Terminal Condition Withdrawal Option
"Unemployment Waiver
"Telephone Transactions
34Dollar Cost Averaging Program
35Asset Rebalancing
"Ownership
"Assignment
36Mixed and Shared Funding
"Exchanges and Reinstatements
"Voting Rights
37Imsa
"Legal Proceedings
"Table of Contents of the Statement of Additional Information
38APPENDIX A Condensed Financial Information
43APPENDIX B Historical Performance Data
"Historical Performance Data
"Money Market Subaccount
52APPENDIX C Contract Variations
55Minimum Annuitization Value Adjustment
"Annuity Factor Age Adjustment
58Table of Contents
61Owner
"Entire Contract
"Misstatement of Age or Sex
66Annuity Payment Options
67Death Benefit
69Death of Owner
70Evidence of Survival
"Non-Participating
"Amendments
"Employee and Agent Purchases
"Present Value of Future Variable Payments
71Stabilized Payments
"Certain Federal Income Tax Consequences
73Qualified Contracts
75Taxation of Transamerica
"Investment Experience
78Guaranteed Minimum Income Benefit -- Additional Information
80Tax Relief Rider -- Additional Information
81Money Market Yields
82Other Subaccount Yields
"Total Returns
83Other Performance Data
"Adjusted Historical Performance Data
"Published Ratings
84State Regulation of Transamerica
"Administration
"Records and Reports
"Distribution of the Contracts
85Other Products
"Custody of Assets
"Legal Matters
"Independent Auditors
"Other Information
87Item 24. Financial Statements and Exhibits
91Item 25. List of Directors and Officers of the Depositor
92Item 26. Persons Controlled by or under Common Control With the Depositor or Registrant
111Item 27. Number of Certificate Owners
"Item 28. Indemnification
112Item 29. Principal Underwriter
113Item 30. Location and Accounts and Records
"Item 31. Management Services
"Items 32. Undertakings
P-->485APOS1st Page of 117TOC↑TopPreviousNext↓BottomJust 1st 
As filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 18, 2002    

                                           Registration No. 33-49998
811-7042
--------------------------------------- 
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  
WASHINGTON, D.C.  20549 
--------------------------------------- 
FORM N-4  
REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933 [ ] 
Pre-Effective Amendment No. __  [ ] 

Post-Effective Amendment No. 18  [x]  

                      --
and 
REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE INVESTMENT COMPANY ACT OF 1940 [ ] 

Amendment No. 20  [x] 

        --

SEPARATE ACCOUNT VA-2L  
----------------------  
(Exact Name of Registrant)  

TRANSAMERICA OCCIDENTAL LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY 
----------------------------------------------  
(Name of Depositor) 

4333 Edgewood Road NE, Cedar Rapids, IA 52499 
--------------------------------------------- 
(Address of Depositor's Principal Executive Offices)  

Depositor's Telephone Number, including Area Code:  (319) 297-8121  

Name and Address of Agent for Service:         Copy to:                         

Frank A. Camp, Esquire                         Frederick R. Bellamy, Esquire    
Transamerica Occidental Life Insurance Co.     Sutherland, Asbill & Brennan, LLP
4333 Edgewood Road, N.E.                       1275 Pennsylvania Avenue, N.W.   
Cedar Rapids, Iowa 52499-0001 Washington, D.C. 20004-2402     

Approximate date of proposed sale to the public:  
As soon as practicable after effectiveness of the Registration Statement. 

Title of Securities being registered:                                           
Variable Annuity Contracts                                                      

It is proposed that this filing will become effective:              
   [_] immediately upon filing pursuant to paragraph (b)

[_] on ___________ pursuant to paragraph (b)      

   [_] 60 days after filing pursuant to paragraph (a)(i)

[X] on March 18, 2001 pursuant to paragraph (a)(1)

If appropriate, check the following box:                            
               [_] This Post-Effective Amendment designates a new effective date
for a previously filed Post-Effective Amendment.                                

P-->485APOS2nd Page of 117TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 2nd
DREYFUS/TRANSAMERICA TRIPLE ADVANTAGE(R) VARIABLE ANNUITY 

Issued Through  
SEPARATE ACCOUNT VA-2L  
by  
TRANSAMERICA OCCIDENTAL LIFE  
INSURANCE COMPANY 

Prospectus - May 1, 2002                                                        

This flexible purchase payment deferred variable annuity contract has many      
investment choices. There is a variable account that currently offers twenty-   
seven underlying fund portfolios. There is also a fixed account, which offers   
interest at rates that are guaranteed by Transamerica Occidental Life Insurance 
Company (Transamerica). You can choose any combination of these investment      
choices. You bear the entire investment risk for all amounts you put in the     
variable account.                                                               

This prospectus and the underlying fund prospectuses give you important         
information about the contracts and the underlying funds. Please read them      
carefully before you invest and keep them for future reference.                 

If you would like more information about the Dreyfus/Transamerica Triple        
Advantage(R) Variable Annuity, you can obtain a free copy of the Statement of   
Additional Information (SAI) dated May 1, 2002. Please call us at (877) 717-8861
or write us at: Transamerica Occidental Life Insurance Company, Annuity Service 
Center, 4333 Edgewood Road NE, Cedar Rapids, Iowa, 52499-0111. A registration   
statement, including the SAI, has been filed with the Securities and Exchange   
Commission (SEC) and the SAI is incorporated herein by reference. Information   
about the variable annuity contract can be reviewed and copied at the SEC's     
Public Reference Room in Washington, D.C. You may obtain information about the  
operation of the public reference room by calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330. The
SEC also maintains a web site (http://www.sec.gov) that contains the prospectus,
the SAI, material incorporated by reference, and other information. The table of
contents of the SAI is included at the end of this prospectus.                  

Please note that the contracts and the variable account investment choices:     
.  are not bank deposits                                                      
.  are not federally insured                                                  
.  are not endorsed by any bank or government agency                          
.  are not guaranteed to achieve their goal                                   
.  are subject to risks, including loss of purchase payments                  

DREYFUS VARIABLE INVESTMENT FUND - SERVICE CLASS                                
Managed by The Dreyfus Corporation                                              
Appreciation Portfolio                                                    
Balanced Portfolio                                                        
Disciplined Stock Portfolio                                               
Growth and Income Portfolio                                               
International Equity Portfolio                                            
International Value Portfolio                                             
Limited Term High Income Portfolio                                        
Quality Bond Portfolio                                                    
Small Cap Portfolio                                                       
Small Company Stock Portfolio                                             
Special Value Portfolio                                                   

DREYFUS VARIABLE INVESTMENT FUND                                                
Managed by The Dreyfus Corporation                                              
Money Market Portfolio                                                    

DREYFUS STOCK INDEX FUND - SERVICE CLASS                                        
Managed by The Dreyfus Corporation and                                          
Mellon Equity Associates                                                        

THE DREYFUS SOCIALLY RESPONSIBLE GROWTH                                         
FUND, INC. - SERVICE CLASS                                                      
Managed by The Dreyfus Corporation and                                          
NCM Capital Management Group                                                    

DREYFUS INVESTMENT PORTFOLIOS - SERVICE CLASS                                   
Managed by The Dreyfus Corporation                                              
Core Bond Portfolio                                                       
Core Value Portfolio                                                      
Emerging Leaders Portfolio                                                
Emerging Markets Portfolio                                                
European Equity Portfolio                                                 
Founders Discovery Portfolio                                              
Founders Growth Portfolio                                                 
Founders International Equity Portfolio                                   
Founders Passport Portfolio                                               
Japan Portfolio                                                           
MidCap Stock Portfolio                                                    
Technology Growth Portfolio                                               

TRANSAMERICA VARIABLE INSURANCE FUND, INC.                                      
Managed by Transamerica Investment Management, LLC                              
Transamerica VIF Growth Portfolio                                         

The Securities and Exchange Commission has not approved                         
or disapproved these securities, or passed upon the                             
adequacy of this prospectus. Any representation to the                          
contrary is a criminal offense.                                                 

1 

P-->485APOS3rd Page of 117TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 3rd
                                                                [Download Table]

TABLE OF CONTENTS                                            Page

GLOSSARY OF TERMS.......................................         
SUMMARY.................................................         
ANNUITY CONTRACT FEE TABLE..............................         
EXAMPLES................................................         
1.  THE ANNUITY CONTRACT................................         
2.  PURCHASE............................................         
Contract Issue Requirements.........................         
    Purchase Payments...................................         
    Initial Purchase Requirements.......................         
    Additional Purchase Payments........................         
    Maximum Total Purchase Payments.....................         
    Allocation of Purchase Payments.....................         
    Account Value.......................................         

3.  INVESTMENT CHOICES..................................         
The Variable Account................................         
    The Fixed Account...................................         
    Transfers...........................................         

4.  PERFORMANCE.........................................         
5.  EXPENSES............................................         
Surrender Charges...................................         
    Excess Interest Adjustment..........................         
    Mortality and Expense Risk Fees.....................         
    Administrative Charges..............................         
    Premium Taxes.......................................         
    Federal, State and Local Taxes......................         
    Transfer Fee........................................         
    GMIB................................................         
Initial Payment Guarantee...........................         
    Tax Relief Rider....................................         
    Portfolio Fees and Expenses.........................         

6.  ACCESS TO YOUR MONEY................................         
Surrenders..........................................         
    Delay of Payment and Transfers......................         
    Excess Interest Adjustment..........................         

7.  ANNUITY PAYMENTS 
 (THE INCOME PHASE)..................................         
Annuity Payment.....................................         

8.  DEATH BENEFIT.......................................         
When We Pay A Death Benefit.........................         
    When We Do Not Pay A Death Benefit..................         
    Amount of Death Benefit.............................         
    Guaranteed Minimum Death Benefit....................         
    Adjusted Partial Surrender..........................         

9.  TAXES...............................................         
Annuity Contracts in General........................         
    Qualified and Nonqualified Contracts................         
    Surrenders - Qualified Contracts....................         
    Surrenders - 403(b) Contracts.......................         
    Diversification and Distribution Requirements.......         
    Surrenders - Nonqualified Contracts.................         
    Taxation of Death Benefit Proceeds..................         
    Annuity Payments....................................         
    Annuity Contracts Purchased by Nonresident Aliens
and Foreign Corporations..........................         
    Transfers, Assignments or Exchanges of Contracts....         
    Possible Tax Law Changes............................         
    Variable Account Charges............................         

10. ADDITIONAL FEATURES.................................         
Systematic Withdrawal Option........................         
    GMIB................................................         
Initial Payment Guarantee...........................         
    Tax Relief Rider....................................         
    Nursing Care and Terminal Condition
Withdrawal Option.................................         
    Unemployment Waiver.................................         
    Telephone Transactions..............................         
    Dollar Cost Averaging Program.......................         
    Asset Rebalancing...................................         

11. OTHER INFORMATION...................................         
Ownership...........................................         
    Assignment..........................................         
    Transamerica Occidental Life Insurance Company......         
    The Variable Account................................         
    Mixed and Shared Funding............................         
    Exchanges and Reinstatements........................         
    Voting Rights.......................................         
    Distributor of the Contracts........................         
 IMSA................................................         
Legal Proceedings...................................         

TABLE OF CONTENTS OF THE 
STATEMENT OF ADDITIONAL 
INFORMATION.............................................         
APPENDIX A 
Condensed Financial Information.........................         

APPENDIX B 
Historical Performance Data.............................         

APPENDIX C 
Contract Variations.....................................         

2 

P-->485APOS4th Page of 117TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 4th
GLOSSARY OF TERMS 

Account Value--On or before the annuity date, the account value is equal to the
owner's:                                                                        
.  purchase payments; minus                                                   
.  partial surrenders (including the net effect of any applicable excess      
interest adjustments and/or surrender charges on such surrenders); plus   
.  interest credited in the fixed account; plus                               
.  accumulated gains in the variable account; minus                           
.  losses in the variable account; minus                                      
 .  service charges, rider fees, premium taxes, and transfer fees, and any other
charges, if any.                                                          

Adjusted Account Value--The account value increased or decreased by any excess  
interest adjustment.                                                            

Annuitant--The person during whose life any annuity payments involving life     
contingencies will be based on.                                                 

Annuity Date--The date upon which annuity payments are to commence. This date   
may be any date at least thirty days after the contract date and may not be     
later than the last day of the contract month starting after the annuitant      
attains age 85, except as expressly allowed by Transamerica. In no event will   
this date be later than the last day of the month following the month in which  
the annuitant attains age 95.  The annuity date may have to be earlier for      
qualified contracts and may be earlier if required by state law.                

Annuity Payment--An amount paid by Transamerica at regular intervals to the     
annuitant and/or any other payee specified by the owner.  It may be on a        
variable or fixed basis.                                                        

Cash Value--The adjusted contract value less any applicable surrender charge and
any rider fees (imposed upon surrender).                                        

Contract Year--A contract year begins on the date in which the contract becomes 
effective and on each contract anniversary.                                     

Excess Interest Adjustment--A positive or negative adjustment to amounts        
surrendered (both partial or full surrenders and transfers) or applied to       
annuity payment options from the fixed account guaranteed period options prior  
to the end of the guaranteed period. The adjustment reflects changes in the     
interest rates declared by Transamerica since the date any payment was received 
by (or an amount was transferred to) the guaranteed period option. The excess   
interest adjustment can either decrease or increase the amount to be received by
the owner upon surrender (either full or partial) or commencement of annuity    
payments, depending upon whether there has been an increase or decrease in      
interest rates, respectively.                                                   

Fixed Account--One or more investment choices under the contract that are part  
of Transamerica's general assets and are not in the variable account.           

Guaranteed Period Options--The various guaranteed interest rate periods of the  
fixed account which Transamerica may offer and into which purchase payments may 
be paid or amounts transferred.                                                 

Owner (you, your)-- The person who may exercise all rights and privileges under 
the contract. The owner during the lifetime of the annuitant and prior to the   
annuity date is the person designated as the owner or a successor owner in the  
information provided to us to issue a contract.                                 

Subaccount--A subdivision within the variable account, the assets of which are  
invested in specified portfolios of the underlying funds.                       

Variable Account--Separate Account VA-2L, a separate account established and    
registered as a unit investment trust under the Investment Company Act of 1940, 
as amended (the "1940 Act"), to which purchase payments under the contracts may 
be allocated.                                                                   

Variable Accumulation Unit--An accounting unit of measure used in calculating   
the account value in the variable account before the annuity date.              

(Note: The SAI contains a more extensive Glossary.) 

3 

P-->485APOS5th Page of 117TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 5th
SUMMARY 

The sections in this summary correspond to sections in this prospectus, which   
discuss the topics in more detail.                                              

1.  THE ANNUITY CONTRACT 

The flexible premium deferred variable annuity contract offered by Transamerica 
Occidental Life Insurance Company (Transamerica, we, us, or our) provides a way 
for you to invest on a tax-deferred basis in the following investment choices:  
twenty-seven subaccounts of the variable account and the fixed account of       
Transamerica. The contract is intended to accumulate money for retirement or    
other long-term investment purposes.                                            

This contract currently offers twenty-seven subaccounts in the variable account 
that are listed in Section 3. Each subaccount invests exclusively in shares of  
one of the portfolios of the underlying funds. The account value may depend on  
the investment experience of the selected subaccounts. Therefore, you bear the  
entire investment risk with respect to all account value in any subaccount. You 
could lose the amount that you invest.                                          

The fixed account offers an interest rate that Transamerica guarantees. We      
guarantee to return your investment with at least 2% annual interest for all    
amounts allocated to the fixed account.                                         

The contract, like all deferred annuity contracts, has two phases: the          
"accumulation phase" and the "income phase." During the accumulation phase,     
earnings accumulate on a tax-deferred basis and are taxed as ordinary income    
when you take them out of the contract. The income phase occurs when you begin  
receiving regular payments from your contract. The money you can accumulate     
during the accumulation phase will largely determine the income payments you    
receive during the income phase.                                                

2.  PURCHASE 

You can buy a nonqualified contract with $5,000 or more, and a qualified        
contract with $1,000 or more, under most circumstances. You can add as little as
$50 at any time during the accumulation phase.                                  

3.  INVESTMENT CHOICES 

You can allocate your purchase payments to one or more of the following         
underlying fund portfolios described in the underlying fund prospectuses:       

Appreciation Portfolio                                                          
Balanced Portfolio                                                              
Disciplined Stock Portfolio                                                     
Growth and Income Portfolio                                                     
International Equity Portfolio                                                  
International Value Portfolio                                                   
Limited Term High Income Portfolio                                              
Quality Bond Portfolio                                                          
Small Cap portfolio                                                             
Small Company Stock Portfolio                                                   
Special Value Portfolio                                                         
Money Market Portfolio                                                          
Stock Index                                                                     
Socially Responsible Growth Fund                                                
Core Bond Portfolio                                                             
Core Value Portfolio                                                            
Emerging Leaders Portfolio                                                      
Emerging Markets Portfolio                                                      
European Equity Portfolio                                                       
Founders Discovery Portfolio                                                    
Founders Growth Portfolio                                                       
Founders International Equity Portfolio                                         
Founders Passport Portfolio                                                     
Japan Portfolio                                                                 
MidCap Stock Portfolio                                                          
Technology Growth Portfolio                                                     
Transamerica VIF Growth Portfolio                                               

Depending upon their investment performance, you can make or lose money in any  
of the subaccounts.                                                             

You can also allocate your purchase payments to the fixed account.              

We currently allow you to transfer money between any of the investment choices. 
While we currently do not charge for transfers, we reserve the right to impose a
$10 fee for each transfer in excess of 18 transfers per contract year and to    
impose restrictions and limits on transfers.                                    

4 

P-->485APOS6th Page of 117TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 6th
4.  PERFORMANCE 

The value of the contract will vary up or down depending upon the investment    
performance of the subaccounts you choose. We provide past performance          
information in Appendix B and in the SAI. This data does not indicate future    
performance.                                                                    

5.  EXPENSES 

Note:  The following discussion only applies to contracts issued after May 1,
2002.  See Appendix C for older contracts.                                      

No deductions are made from purchase payments at the time you buy the contract  
so that the full amount of each purchase payment is invested in one or more of  
your investment choices.                                                        

We may deduct a surrender charge of up to 7% of purchase payments surrendered   
within seven years after the purchase payment is paid. We will calculate        
surrender charges by taking the earnings, if any, out before purchase payments. 

Full surrenders, partial surrenders, and transfers from a guaranteed period     
option of the fixed account may also be subject to an excess interest           
adjustment, which may increase or decrease the amount you receive. This         
adjustment may also apply to amounts applied to an annuity payment from a       
guaranteed period option of the fixed account.                                  

We deduct daily mortality and expense risk fees and administrative charges at an
annual rate of 1.30% (if you choose the "Return of Premium Death Benefit") or   
1.45% (if you choose the "Double Enhanced Death Benefit") from the assets in    
each subaccount.                                                                

During the accumulation phase, we deduct an annual service charge of no more    
than $35 from the account value on each contract anniversary and at the time of 
surrender. The charge is waived if either the account value or the sum of all   
purchase payments, minus all partial surrenders, is at least $50,000.           

Upon total surrender, payment of a death benefit, or when annuity payments      
begin, we will deduct state premium taxes, which currently range from 0% to     
3.50%.                                                                          

If you elect the "Guaranteed Minimum Income Benefit," there is an annual fee    
during the accumulation phase of 0.45% of the minimum annuitization value. If   
you receive annuity payments under the rider and elect the guaranteed minimum   
payment option, then there is a guaranteed payment fee at an annual rate of     
1.25% of the daily net asset value in the subaccounts.                          

If you elect the Initial Payment Guarantee, when you annuitize there is a daily 
fee equal to an annual rate of 1.25% of the daily net asset value in the        
subaccounts.                                                                    

If you elect the Tax Relief Rider, there is an annual fee during the            
accumulation phase of 0.25% of the account value.                               

The value of the net assets of the subaccounts will reflect the management fee  
and other expenses incurred by the underlying portfolios.                       

6.  ACCESS TO YOUR MONEY 

You can take out $500 or more anytime during the accumulation phase (except     
under certain qualified contracts). After one year, you may, free of surrender  
charges once each contract year, take out up to the greater of:                 
.  10% of your purchase payments less surrenders deemed to be from purchase   
payments; or                                                              
.  any gains in the contract.                                                 

Amounts surrendered in the first year, or in excess of this free amount, may be 
subject to a surrender charge and/or excess interest adjustment. You may have to
pay income tax and a tax penalty on any money you take out.                     

The gains in the contract are the amount equal to the account value, minus the  
sum of all purchase payments, reduced by all prior partial surrenders deemed to 
be from purchase payments.                                                      

If you have account value in the fixed account, you may also take out cumulative
interest credited free of excess interest adjustments.                          

Access to amounts held in qualified contracts may be restricted or prohibited.  

5 

P-->485APOS7th Page of 117TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 7th
Unless you elect the Life with Emergency Cash(SM) annuity payment, you can not  
take money out during the income phase (although you will be receiving annuity  
payments).                                                                      

7.  ANNUITY PAYMENTS (THE INCOME PHASE) 

The contract allows you to receive income under one of several annuity payments.
You may choose from fixed payment options, variable payment options, or a       
combination of both. If you select a variable payment option, the dollar amount 
of your payments may go up or down.  However, the Guaranteed Minimum Income     
Benefit and Initial Payment Guarantee are available as optional riders and they 
guarantee a minimum amount for each payment.                                    

8.  DEATH BENEFIT 

If you are both the owner and the annuitant and you die before the income phase 
begins, then your beneficiary will receive a death benefit.                     

Naming different persons as owner and annuitant can affect whether the death    
benefit is payable and to whom amounts will be paid. Use care when naming       
owners, annuitants and beneficiaries, and consult your agent if you have        
questions.                                                                      

You generally may choose one of the following guaranteed minimum death benefits 
when you purchase the contract:                                                 
.   Double Enhanced; or                                                       
.   Return of Premium.                                                        

Charges are lower for the Return of Premium Death Benefit than they are for the 
other death benefit.                                                            

These choices are restricted for annuitants and owners over age 80.             

If the owner is not the annuitant, no death benefit is paid if the owner dies.  

9.  TAXES 

Your earnings, if any, are generally not taxed until you take them out. If you  
take money out of a nonqualified contract during the accumulation phase,        
earnings come out first for federal tax purposes, and are taxed as ordinary     
income. Under qualified contracts, surrenders are prorated between taxable and  
nontaxable amounts.  If you are younger than 59 1/2 when you take money out, you
may be charged a 10% federal penalty tax on the earnings. For nonqualified      
contracts, payments during the income phase may be considered partly a return of
your original investment so that part of each payment may not be taxable as     
income.                                                                         

10. ADDITIONAL FEATURES 

This contract has additional features that might interest you. These include the
following:                                                                      

 .   You can arrange to have money automatically sent to you monthly, quarterly,
   semi-annually or annually while your contract is in the accumulation phase.
   This feature is referred to as the "Systematic Withdrawal Option" or "SWO."
Amounts you receive may be included in your gross income, and in certain
circumstances, may be subject to penalty taxes.                         

 .   You can elect an optional rider that guarantees you a minimum annuitization
value. This feature is called the "Guaranteed Minimum Income Benefit" or
"GMIB." There is an extra charge for this rider.                        

 .  You can elect an optional rider at the time of annuitization that guarantees
 your variable annuity payments will never be less than 80% of the initial
variable annuity payment. This feature is called the "Initial Payment
Guarantee." There is an extra charge for this rider.                    

.   You can elect an optional rider that pays an amount in addition to the    
   contract death benefit in certain circumstances. This feature is called the
"Tax Relief Rider" or "TRR." There is an extra charge for this rider.   

 .  Under certain medically related circumstances, you may surrender all or part
of the account value without a surrender charge and excess interest     
    adjustment. This feature is called the "Nursing Care and Terminal Withdrawal
Option."                                                                

 .  Under certain unemployment circumstances, you may surrender all or a portion
of the account value free of surrender charges and excess interest      
adjustments. This feature is called the "Unemployment Waiver."          

6 

P-->485APOS8th Page of 117TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 8th
 .   You may generally make transfers and/or change the allocation of additional
purchase payments by telephone.                                         

 .  You can arrange to automatically transfer money (at least $250 per transfer)
monthly or quarterly from certain investment options into one or more   
subaccounts. This feature is known as "Dollar Cost Averaging" or "DCA." 

.   We will, upon your request, automatically transfer amounts among the      
subaccounts on a regular basis to maintain a desired allocation of the  
  account value among the various subaccounts. This feature is called "Asset
Rebalancing."                                                           

These features may not be available in all states, may vary by state and may not
be suitable for your particular situation.                                      

11. OTHER INFORMATION 

Right to Cancel Period. You may return your contract for a refund, but only if  
you return it within a prescribed period, which is generally 10 days (after you 
receive the contract), or whatever longer time may be required by state law. The
amount of the refund will generally be the account value. We will pay the refund
within 7 days after we receive written notice of cancellation and the returned  
contract within the applicable time period. The contract will then be deemed    
void.                                                                           

No Probate. Usually, when the annuitant dies, the person you choose as your     
beneficiary will receive the death benefit under this contract without going    
through probate. State laws vary on how the amount that may be paid is treated  
for estate tax purposes.                                                        

Who should purchase the Contract? This contract is designed for people seeking  
long-term tax-deferred accumulation of assets, generally for retirement or other
long-term purposes; and for persons who have maximized their use of other       
retirement savings methods, such as 401(k) plans. The tax-deferred feature is   
most attractive to people in high federal and state tax brackets. The tax       
deferral features of variable annuities are unnecessary when purchased to fund a
qualified plan.  You should not buy this contract if you are looking for a      
short-term investment or if you cannot take the risk of losing money that you   
put in.                                                                         

There are various fees and charges associated with variable annuities.  You     
should consider whether the features and benefits of this contract, unique to   
variable annuities, such as the opportunity for lifetime income payments, a     
guaranteed death benefit, the guaranteed level of certain charges, the          
Guaranteed Minimum Income Benefit, Tax Relief Rider and the Initial Payment     
Guarantee, make this contract appropriate for your needs.                       

Older Contracts.  This prospectus generally describes contracts issued after May
1, 2002.  See Appendix C for information on how older contracts have different  
features and requirements, and sometimes different fees and deductions.         

State Variations.  Certain provisions of the contracts may be different than the
general description in this prospectus, and certain riders and options may not  
be available, because of legal restrictions in your state.  See your contract   
for specific variations since any such state variations will be included in your
contract or in riders or endorsements attached to your contract.  See your agent
or contact us for specific information that may be applicable to your state.    
Also see Appendix C for a summary of some variations.                           

Financial Statements. Financial Statements for Transamerica and the subaccounts 
are in the SAI. Condensed financial information for the subaccounts (those in   
operation before January 1, 2002) is in Appendix A to this prospectus.          

12. INQUIRIES                                                                   

If you need more information, please contact us at:                             
Transamerica Annuity Service Center                                         
4333 Edgewood Road NE                                                       
Cedar Rapids, IA 52499-0001                                                 
1-877-717-8861                                                              

You may check your contract at www.transamericaservice.com.  Follow the logon   
procedures.  You will need your pre-assigned Personal Identification Number     
("PIN") to access information about your contract.  We cannot guarantee that you
will be able to access this site.                                               

7 

P-->485APOS9th Page of 117TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 9th
                                                        [Enlarge/Download Table]

====================================================================================================================================
                                                    ANNUITY CONTRACT FEE TABLE                                                      
====================================================================================================================================
                                                                                    Variable Account Annual Expenses                
             Contract Owner Transaction Expenses                               (as a percentage of average account value)           
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                                                                                    
 Sales Load On Purchase Payments.........................      0    Mortality and Expense Risk Charges/(6)/............    1.15%    
 Maximum Surrender Charge                                           Administrative Charge..............................    0.15%    
                                                                                                                           -----    
   (as a % of purchase payments surrendered)/(1)/........      7%   TOTAL VARIABLE ACCOUNT ANNUAL EXPENSES.............    1.30%    
 Annual Service Charge /(2)/.............   $0 - $35 Per Contract                                                                   
 Transfer Fee /(3)/................................     $0 - $10                                                                    

                                                                    Optional Separate Account Expenses:                             
                                                                    ----------------------------------                              
 Optional Rider Fees:                                               Double Enhanced Death Benefit/(7)/.................    0.15%    
 --------------------                                                                                                      ----     
 Guaranteed Minimum Income Benefit Rider Fee/(4)/........  0.45%    TOTAL SEPARATE ACCOUNT ANNUAL                                   
 Tax Relief Rider Fee/(5)/...............................  0.25%      EXPENSES WITH HIGHEST OPTIONAL                                
                                                                      SEPARATE ACCOUNT EXPENSES/(8)/...................    1.45%    
====================================================================================================================================

                                                  Portfolio Annual Expenses /(9)/                                                   
                    (as a percentage of average net assets and after fee waivers and/or expense reimbursements)                     
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                                                                      Total         
                                                                                                  Rule              Portfolio       
                                                      Management             Other               12b-1                Annual        
                                                         Fees               Expenses              Fees               Expenses       
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------


Appreciation                                                                                                                       
 Balanced                                                                                                                           
 Disciplined Stock                                                                                                                  
 Growth and Income                                                                                                                  
 International Equity                                                                                                               
 International Value                                                                                                                
 Limited Term High Income                                                                                                           
 Money Market                                                                                                                       
 Quality Bond                                                                                                                       
 Small Cap                                                                                                                          
 Small Company Stock                                                                                                                
 Special Value                                                                                                                      
 Stock Index                                                                                                                        
 Socially Responsible Growth                                                                                                        
 Core Bond                                                                                                                          
 Core Value                                                                                                                         
 Emerging Leaders                                                                                                                   
 Emerging Markets                                                                                                                   
 European Equity                                                                                                                    
 Founders Discovery                                                                                                                 
 Founders Growth                                                                                                                    
 Founders International Equity                                                                                                      
 Founders Passport                                                                                                                  
 Japan                                                                                                                              
 MidCap Stock                                                                                                                       
 Technology Growth                                                                                                                  
 Transamerica VIF Growth                                                                                                            
====================================================================================================================================

8 

P-->485APOS10th Page of 117TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 10th
/(1)/  The surrender charge, if any is imposed, applies to each contract,       
     regardless of how account value is allocated among the variable account
   and the fixed account. The surrender charge is decreased based on the
      number of years since the purchase payment was made, from 7% in the year
     in which the purchase payment was made, to 0% in the seventh year after
       the purchase payment was made. If applicable a surrender charge will only
     be applied to surrenders that exceed the amount available under certain
listed exceptions.                                                

/(2)/  The service charge applies to the fixed account and the variable account,
    and is assessed on a pro rata basis relative to each account's account
      value as a percentage of the contract's total account value. The service
charge is deducted on each contract anniversary and at the time of
surrender.                                                        

/(3)/  The transfer fee, if any is imposed, applies to each contract, regardless
  of how account value is allocated among the variable account and the
     fixed account. There is no fee for the first 18 transfers per year. For
      additional transfers, Transamerica may charge a fee of $10 per transfer,
but currently does not charge for any transfers.                  

/(4)/  The Guaranteed Minimum Income Benefit fee is 0.45% of the minimum        
     annuitization value and is deducted only during the accumulation phase.
       If you annuitize under the rider, a guaranteed payment fee is deducted at
an annual rate of 1.25%. See Section 5, Expenses.                 

/(5)/  The annual Additional Death Distribution fee is 0.25% of the account     
value and is deducted only during the accumulation phase.         

/(6)/  The mortality and expense risk fee shown (1.15%) is for the "Return of   
Premium Death Benefit."                                           

/(7)/  The fee for the "Double Enhanced Death Benefit" is in addition to the    
mortality and expense risk fee of (1.15%).                        

/(8)/  The Double Enhanced Death Benefit fee is included herein.                

/(9)/  The fee table information relating to the underlying funds is for the    
    year 2001 (unless otherwise noted) and was provided to Transamerica by
the underlying funds, their investment advisers or managers, and  
  Transamerica has not and cannot independently verify the accuracy or
completeness of such information. Actual future expenses of the   
portfolios may be greater or less than those shown in the Table.  

9 

P-->485APOS11th Page of 117TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 11th
EXAMPLES - TABLE A                                                              

You would pay the following expenses on a $1,000 investment, assuming a         
hypothetical 5% annual return on assets, assuming the entire account value is in
the applicable subaccount, and assuming no optional riders or features have been
selected:                                                                       

The expenses reflect different mortality and expense risk fees depending on     
which death benefit you select:                                                 
A = Return of Premium Death Benefit                                             
B = Double Enhanced Death Benefit                                               

                                                        [Enlarge/Download Table]

================================================================================================================================
                                                                                               If the Contract is annuitized at 
                                                      If the Contract is surrendered         the end of the applicable time     
                                                       at the end of the applicable        period or if the Contract is simply  
                                                               time period.                  kept in the accumulation phase.    
                                                   -----------------------------------------------------------------------------

Subaccounts                                           1       3       5      10         1          3          5         10      
                                                     Year   Years   Years   Years      Year      Years      Years      Years    
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                                                                                
Appreciation                                    A                                                                               
                                                --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                B                                                                               
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Balanced                                        A                                                                               
                                                --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                B                                                                               
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Disciplined Stock                               A                                                                               
                                                --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                B                                                                               
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Growth and Income                               A                                                                               
                                                --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                B                                                                               
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
International Equity                            A                                                                               
                                                --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                B                                                                               
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
International Value                             A                                                                               
                                                --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                B                                                                               
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Limited Term High Income                        A                                                                               
                                                --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                B                                                                               
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Money Market                                    A                                                                               
                                                --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                B                                                                               
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Quality Bond                                    A                                                                               
                                                --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                B                                                                               
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Small Cap                                       A                                                                               
                                                --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                B                                                                               
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Small Company Stock                             A                                                                               
                                                --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                B                                                                               
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Special Value                                   A                                                                               
                                                --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                B                                                                               
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Stock Index                                     A                                                                               
                                                --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                B                                                                               
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Socially Responsible Growth Fund                A                                                                               
                                                --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                B                                                                               
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Core Bond                                       A                                                                               
                                                --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                B                                                                               
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Core Value                                      A                                                                               
                                                --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                B                                                                               
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Emerging Leaders                                A                                                                               
                                                --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                B                                                                               
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Emerging Markets                                A                                                                               
                                                --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                B                                                                               
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
European Equity                                 A                                                                               
                                                --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                B                                                                               
================================================================================================================================

10

P-->485APOS12th Page of 117TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 12th
EXAMPLES - TABLE A - continued.....                                             

                                                        [Enlarge/Download Table]

==================================================================================================================================
                                                                                             If the Contract is annuitized at     
                                                    If the Contract is surrendered       the end of the applicable time period or 
                                                     at the end of the applicable         if the Contract is simply kept in the   
                                                             time period.                          accumulation phase.            
                                                --------------------------------------------------------------------------------  
Subaccounts                                          1       3       5      10         1          3          5         10         
                                                    Year   Years   Years   Years     Year      Years      Years      Years        
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------   
                                                                                                                                  
Founders Discovery                              A                                                                                 
                                                --------------------------------------------------------------------------------  
                                                B                                                                                 
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------   
Founders Growth                                 A                                                                                 
                                                --------------------------------------------------------------------------------  
                                                B                                                                                 
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------   
Founders International Equity                   A                                                                                 
                                                --------------------------------------------------------------------------------  
                                                B                                                                                 
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------   
Founders Passport                               A                                                                                 
                                                --------------------------------------------------------------------------------  
                                                B                                                                                 
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------   
Japan                                           A                                                                                 
                                                --------------------------------------------------------------------------------  
                                                B                                                                                 
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------   
MidCap Stock                                    A                                                                                 
                                                --------------------------------------------------------------------------------  
                                                B                                                                                 
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------   
Technology Growth                               A                                                                                 
                                                --------------------------------------------------------------------------------  
                                                B                                                                                 
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------   
Transamerica VIF Growth                         A                                                                                 
                                                -------------------------------------------------------------------------------   
                                                B                                                                                 
================================================================================================================================  

11

P-->485APOS13th Page of 117TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 13th
EXAMPLES - TABLE B                                                              

You would the following expenses on a $1,000 investment, assuming a hypothetical
5% annual return on assets, assuming the entire account value is in the         
applicable subaccount, assuming both the Guaranteed Minimum Income Benefit and  
the Tax Relief Rider have been selected:                                        

The expenses reflect different mortality and expense risk fees depending on     
which death benefit you select:                                                 
A = Return of Premium Death Benefit                                             
B = Double Enhanced Death Benefit                                               

                                                        [Enlarge/Download Table]

==================================================================================================================================
                                                                                          If the Contract is annuitized at        
                                                   If the Contract is surrendered     the end of the applicable time period or    
                                                    at the end of the applicable       if the Contract is simply kept in the      
                                                            time period.                        accumulation phase.               
                                                  ------------------------------------------------------------------------------  
Subaccounts                                          1       3       5      10        1          3          5         10          
                                                    Year   Years   Years   Years     Year      Years      Years      Years        
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------   
                                                                                                                                  
Appreciation                                    A                                                                                 
                                                -------------------------------------------------------------------------------   
                                                B                                                                                 
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------   
Balanced                                        A                                                                                 
                                                -------------------------------------------------------------------------------   
                                                B                                                                                 
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------   
Disciplined Stock                               A                                                                                 
                                                -------------------------------------------------------------------------------   
                                                B                                                                                 
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------   
Growth and Income                               A                                                                                 
                                                -------------------------------------------------------------------------------   
                                                B                                                                                 
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------   
International Equity                            A                                                                                 
                                                -------------------------------------------------------------------------------   
                                                B                                                                                 
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------   
International Value                             A                                                                                 
                                                -------------------------------------------------------------------------------   
                                                B                                                                                 
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------   
Limited Term High Income                        A                                                                                 
                                                -------------------------------------------------------------------------------   
                                                B                                                                                 
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------   
Money Market                                    A                                                                                 
                                                -------------------------------------------------------------------------------   
                                                B                                                                                 
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------   
Quality Bond                                    A                                                                                 
                                                -------------------------------------------------------------------------------   
                                                B                                                                                 
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------   
Small Cap                                       A                                                                                 
                                                -------------------------------------------------------------------------------   
                                                B                                                                                 
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------   
Small Company Stock                             A                                                                                 
                                                -------------------------------------------------------------------------------   
                                                B                                                                                 
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------   
Special Value                                   A                                                                                 
                                                -------------------------------------------------------------------------------   
                                                B                                                                                 
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------   
Stock Index                                     A                                                                                 
                                                -------------------------------------------------------------------------------   
                                                B                                                                                 
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------   
Socially Responsible Growth Fund                A                                                                                 
                                                -------------------------------------------------------------------------------   
                                                B                                                                                 
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------   
Core Bond                                       A                                                                                 
                                                -------------------------------------------------------------------------------   
                                                B                                                                                 
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------   
Core Value                                      A                                                                                 
                                                -------------------------------------------------------------------------------   
                                                B                                                                                 
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------   
Emerging Leaders                                A                                                                                 
                                                -------------------------------------------------------------------------------   
                                                B                                                                                 
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------   
Emerging Markets                                A                                                                                 
                                                -------------------------------------------------------------------------------   
                                                B                                                                                 
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------   
European Equity                                 A                                                                                 
                                                -------------------------------------------------------------------------------   
                                                B                                                                                 
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------   
Founders Discovery                              A                                                                                 
                                                -------------------------------------------------------------------------------   
                                                B                                                                                 
===============================================================================================================================   

12

P-->485APOS14th Page of 117TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 14th
EXAMPLES - TABLE B - continued.....                                             

                                                        [Enlarge/Download Table]

===============================================================================================================================
                                                                                         If the Contract is annuitized at      
                                                   If the Contract is surrendered    the end of the applicable time period or  
                                                    at the end of the applicable       if the Contract is simply kept in the   
                                                            time period.                        accumulation phase.            
                                                   ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
Subaccounts                                          1       3       5      10        1          3          5         10       
                                                    Year   Years   Years   Years     Year      Years      Years      Years     
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                                                                               
Founders Growth                                 A                                                                              
                                                -------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                B                                                                              
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Founders International Equity                   A                                                                              
                                                -------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                B                                                                              
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Founders Passport                               A                                                                              
                                                -------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                B                                                                              
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Japan                                           A                                                                              
                                                -------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                B                                                                              
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
MidCap Stock                                    A                                                                              
                                                -------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                B                                                                              
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Technology Growth                               A                                                                              
                                                -------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                B                                                                              
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Transamerica VIF Growth                         A                                                                              
                                                -------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                B                                                                              
===============================================================================================================================

Table A and Table B will assist you in understanding the costs and expenses that
you will bear, directly or indirectly. These include the year 2001 expenses of  
the underlying portfolios, including any fee waivers and/or expense             
reimbursements (said fee waivers and expense reimbursements are assumed to      
continue throughout the periods shown in the examples). In addition to the      
expenses listed above, premium taxes may be applicable.                         

These examples should not be considered a representation of past or future      
expenses, and actual expenses may be greater or less than those shown. The      
assumed 5% annual return is hypothetical and should not be considered a         
representation of past or future annual returns, which may be greater or less   
than the assumed rate.                                                          

In the examples, the $35 annual service charge is reflected as a charge of      
______% based on average account value of $_____________ (as of December 31,
2001).                                                                          

13

P-->485APOS15th Page of 117TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 15th
1.   THE ANNUITY CONTRACT 

This prospectus describes the Dreyfus/Transamerica Triple Advantage(R)  Variable
Annuity contract offered by Transamerica Occidental Life Insurance Company.     
This prospectus generally describes contracts issued after May 1, 2002.         
Contracts issued before that date may have different features (such as different
death benefits or annuity payments) and different charges.  These differences   
are noted in Appendix C.                                                        

An annuity is a contract between you, the owner, and an insurance company (in   
this case Transamerica), where the insurance company promises to pay you an     
income in the form of annuity payments. These payments begin on a designated    
date, referred to as the annuity date. Until the annuity date, your annuity is  
in the accumulation phase and the earnings (if any) are tax deferred. Tax       
deferral means you generally are not taxed until you take money out of your     
annuity. After the annuity date, your annuity switches to the income phase.     

The contract is a flexible premium variable annuity. You can use the contract to
accumulate funds for retirement or other long-term financial planning purposes. 
Your individual investment and your rights are determined primarily by your own 
contract.                                                                       

The contract is a "flexible premium" contract because after you purchase it, you
can generally make additional investments of any amount of $50 or more, until   
the annuity date. But you are not required to make any additional investments.  

The contract is a "variable" annuity because the value of your investments can  
go up or down based on the performance of your investment choices. If you invest
in the variable account, the amount of money you are able to accumulate in your 
contract during the accumulation phase depends upon the performance of your     
investment choices. You could lose the amount you allocate to the variable      
portion.  The amount of annuity payments you receive during the income phase    
from the variable account also depends upon the investment performance of your  
investment choices for the income phase.  However, if you annuitize under the   
Guaranteed Minimum Income Benefit or the Initial Payment Guarantee, then        
Transamerica will guarantee a minimum amount of your annuity payments.          

The contract also contains a fixed account. The fixed account offers interest at
rates that we guarantee will not decrease during the selected guaranteed period.
There may be different interest rates for each different guaranteed period that 
you select.                                                                     

2.   PURCHASE 

Contract Issue Requirements                                                     

Transamerica will not issue a contract unless:                                  

.  Transamerica receives all information needed to issue the contract;        
.  Transamerica receives a minimum initial purchase payment; and              
.  The annuitant, owner, and any joint owner are age 90 or younger.           

We reserve the right to reject any application or purchase payment.             

Purchase payments                                                               

You should make checks for purchase payments payable only to Transamerica       
Occidental Life Insurance Company and send them to the administrative and       
service office. Your check must be honored in order for Transamerica to pay any 
associated payments and benefits due under the contract.                        

Initial Purchase Payment Requirements                                           

The initial purchase payment for nonqualified contracts must be at least $5,000,
and at least $1,000 for qualified contracts. There is generally no minimum      
initial purchase payment for contracts issued under section 403(b) of the       
Internal Revenue Code; however, your purchase payments must be received within  
90 days of the contract date or your contract will be canceled. We will credit  
your initial purchase payment to your contract within two business days after   
the day we receive it and your complete contract information. If we are unable  
to credit your initial purchase payment, we will contact you within five        
business days and explain why. We will also return your initial purchase payment
at that time unless you let us keep it and credit it as soon as possible.       

The date on which we credit your initial purchase payment to your contract is   
generally the contract date. The contract                                       

14

P-->485APOS16th Page of 117TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 16th
date is used to determine contract years, contract months and contract          
anniversaries.                                                                  

Additional Purchase payments                                                    

You are not required to make any additional purchase payments. However, you can 
make additional purchase payments as often as you like during the accumulation  
phase. Additional purchase payments must be at least $50. We will credit        
additional purchase payments to your contract as of the business day we receive 
your purchase payment and required information.  Additional purchase payments   
must be received before the New York Stock Exchange closes to get same-day      
pricing of the additional purchase payment.                                     

Maximum Total Purchase payments                                                 

Cumulative purchase payments cannot exceed $1,000,000 without prior approval by 
Transamerica.                                                                   

Allocation of Purchase payments                                                 

When you purchase a contract, we will allocate your purchase payment to the     
investment choices you select. Your allocation must be in whole percentages and 
must total 100%. We will allocate additional purchase payments the same way,    
unless you request a different allocation.                                      

If you allocate purchase payments to the Dollar Cost Averaging program, you must
give us instructions regarding the subaccount(s) to which transfers are to be   
made or we cannot accept your purchase payment.                                 

You may change allocations for future additional purchase payments by sending us
written instructions or by telephone, subject to the limitations described under
"Telephone Transactions." The allocation change will apply to purchase payments 
received on or after the date we receive the change request.                    

You could lose the amount you allocate to the variable subaccounts.             

Account Value                                                                   

You should expect your account value to change from valuation period to         
valuation period. A valuation period begins at the close of regular trading on  
the New York Stock Exchange on each business day and ends at the close of       
regular trading on the next succeeding business day. A business day is each day 
that the New York Stock Exchange is open. The New York Stock Exchange generally 
closes at 4:00 p.m. eastern time. Holidays are generally not business days.     

3.   INVESTMENT CHOICES 

The Variable Account                                                            

There are currently twenty-seven variable subaccounts available under the       
contract for new investors.                                                     

The subaccounts invest in shares of the various underlying fund portfolios. The 
companies that provide investment advice and administrative services for the    
underlying fund portfolios offered through this contract are listed below. The  
following variable investment choices are currently offered through this        
contract:                                                                       

DREYFUS VARIABLE INVESTMENT FUND - SERVICE CLASS                                
Managed by The Dreyfus Corporation                                              
Appreciation Portfolio                                                        
Balanced Portfolio                                                            
Disciplined Stock Portfolio                                                   
Growth and Income Portfolio                                                   
International Equity Portfolio                                                
International Value Portfolio                                                 
Limited Term High Income Portfolio                                            
Quality Bond Portfolio                                                        
Small Cap Portfolio                                                           
Small Company Stock Portfolio                                                 
Special Value Portfolio                                                       

DREYFUS VARIABLE INVESTMENT FUND                                                
Managed by The Dreyfus Corporation                                              
Money Market Portfolio                                                        

DREYFUS STOCK INDEX FUND -                                                      
SERVICE CLASS                                                                   
Managed by The Dreyfus Corporation                                              
and Mellon Equity Associates                                                    

THE DREYFUS SOCIALLY RESPONSIBLE GROWTH FUND, INC. - SERVICE CLASS              
Managed by The Dreyfus Corporation                                              

15

P-->485APOS17th Page of 117TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 17th
DREYFUS INVESTMENT PORTFOLIOS -                                                 
SERVICE CLASS                                                                   
Managed by The Dreyfus Corporation                                              
Core Bond Portfolio                                                           
Core Value Portfolio                                                          
Emerging Leaders Portfolio                                                    
Emerging Markets Portfolio                                                    
European Equity Portfolio                                                     
Founders Discovery Portfolio                                                  
Founders Growth Portfolio                                                     
Founders International Equity Portfolio                                       
Founders Passport Portfolio                                                   
Japan Portfolio                                                               
MidCap Stock Portfolio                                                        
Technology Growth Portfolio                                                   

TRANSAMERICA VARIABLE INSURANCE FUND, INC.                                      
Managed by Transamerica Investment                                              
Management, LLC                                                                 
Transamerica VIF Growth Portfolio                                           

As of January 22, 2001, new contract owners may only invest in the Service Class
sub-accounts, with the exception of the Money Market Sub-account and the        
Transamerica VIF Growth Sub-account.  The Initial Class sub-accounts (other than
the Money Market Sub-account and Transamerica VIF Growth Sub-account) are only  
available to contract owners that purchased the contract before January 22,
2001.                                                                           

The general public may not purchase shares of these underlying fund portfolios. 
The name and investment objectives and policies may be similar to other         
portfolios and underlying funds managed by the same investment adviser or       
manager that are sold directly to the public. You should not expect the         
investment results of the underlying fund portfolios to be the same as those of 
other portfolios or underlying funds.                                           

More detailed information, including an explanation of the portfolio's          
investment objectives, may be found in the current prospectus for the underlying
funds, which accompany this prospectus. You should read the prospectuses for the
underlying funds carefully before you invest.                                   

We may receive expense reimbursements or other revenues from the underlying     
funds or their managers. The amount of these reimbursements or revenues, if any,
may be substantial and may be different for different funds or portfolios and   
may be based on the amount of assets that Transamerica or the variable account  
invests in the underlying fund portfolios.                                      

We do not guarantee that any of the subaccounts will always be available for    
purchase payments, allocations, or transfers.   See the SAI for more information
concerning the possible addition, deletion or substitution of investments.      

The Fixed Account                                                               

Purchase payments allocated and amounts transferred to the fixed account become 
part of Transamerica's general account. Interests in the general account have   
not been registered under the Securities Act of 1933 (the "1933 Act"), nor is   
the general account registered as an investment company under the 1940 Act.     
Accordingly, neither the general account nor any interests therein are generally
subject to the provisions of the 1933 or 1940 Acts.                             

We guarantee that the interest credited to the fixed account will not be less   
than 2% per year. At the end of the guaranteed period option you selected, the  
value in that guaranteed period option will automatically be transferred into a 
new guaranteed period option of the same length (or the next shorter period if  
the same period is no longer offered) at the current interest rate for that     
period. You can transfer to another investment choice by giving us notice within
30 days before the end of the expiring guaranteed period.                       

Full and partial surrenders and transfers from a guaranteed period option of the
fixed account are subject to an excess interest adjustment (except at the end of
the guaranteed period). This adjustment will also be to amounts that you apply  
to an annuity payment.  This adjustment may increase or decrease the amount of  
interest credited to your contract. The excess interest adjustment will not     
decrease the interest credited to your contract below 2% per year, however. We  
determine credited rates, which are guaranteed for at least one year, in our    
sole discretion.  You bear the risk that we will not credit interest greater    
than 2% per year.                                                               

We also guarantee that upon full surrender your cash value attributable to the  
fixed account will not be less than 90% of your fixed account premiums          
accumulated at 3% less prior surrenders and transfers.                          

If you select the fixed account, your money will be placed with Transamerica's  
other general assets. The amount of money you are able to accumulate in the     
fixed account during the accumulation phase depends upon the total              

16

P-->485APOS18th Page of 117TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 18th
interest credited. The amount of annuity payments you receive during the income 
phase from the fixed portion of your contract will remain level for the entire  
income phase.                                                                   

Transfers                                                                       

During the accumulation phase, you may make transfers to or from any subaccount 
or to the fixed account as often as you wish within certain limitations.        

Transfers out of a guaranteed period option of the fixed account are limited to 
the following:                                                                  

. Transfers at the end of a guaranteed period, if you notify us within 30 days
  prior to the end of the guaranteed period that you wish to transfer the amount
in that guaranteed period option to another investment choice.  No excess   
interest adjustment will apply.                                             

 . Transfers of amounts equal to interest credited. This may affect your overall
 interest-crediting rate, because transfers are deemed to come from the oldest
purchase payment first.                                                     

. Other than at the end of a guaranteed period, transfers of amounts from the 
 guaranteed period option in excess of amounts equal to interest credited, are
 subject to an excess interest adjustment. If it is a negative adjustment, the
 maximum amount you can transfer in any one contract year is 25% of the amount
in that guaranteed period option, less any previous transfers during the    
current contract year. If it is a positive adjustment, we do not limit the  
amount that you can transfer.                                               

Transfers out of a subaccount must be at least $500, or the entire subaccount   
value.  Transfers of guaranteed period option amounts equal to interest credited
must be at least $50.  If less than $500 remains, then we reserve the right to  
either deny the transfer or include that amount in the transfer.  Transfers must
be received while the New York Stock Exchange is open to get same-day pricing of
the transaction.                                                                

Currently, there is no charge for transfers and no limit on the number of       
transfers during the accumulation phase. However, in the future, the number of  
transfers permitted may be limited and a $10 charge per transfer may apply.  We 
reserve the right to prohibit transfers to the fixed account if we are crediting
an effective annual interest rate of 2.0% (the guaranteed minimum).             

During the income phase, you may transfer values out of any subaccount; however,
you cannot transfer values out of the fixed account in this phase. The minimum  
amount that can be transferred during this phase is the lesser of $10 of monthly
income, or the entire monthly income of the annuity units in the subaccount from
which the transfer is being made.                                               

Transfers may be made by telephone, subject to the limitations described below  
under "Telephone Transactions."                                                 

The contract you are purchasing was not designed for professional market timing 
organizations or other persons that use programmed, large, or frequent          
transfers.  The use of such transfers may be disruptive to an underlying fund   
portfolio.  We reserve the right to reject any purchase payment or transfer     
request from any person, if, in our judgment, an underlying fund portfolio would
be unable to invest effectively in accordance with its investment objectives and
policies or would otherwise be potentially adversely affected or if an          
underlying portfolio would reject our purchase order.  We may impose other      
limitations or restrictions on transfers by some or all contract owners, or     
specifically prohibit transfers for any owner who, in our view, has abused or   
appears likely to abuse the transfer privilege.                                 

4.   PERFORMANCE 

Transamerica periodically advertises performance of the various subaccounts.    
Performance figures might not reflect charges for options or riders.  We may    
disclose at least three different kinds of performance. First, we may calculate 
performance by determining the percentage change in the value of an variable    
accumulation unit by dividing the increase (decrease) for that unit by the value
of the variable accumulation unit at the beginning of the period. This          
performance number reflects the deduction of the mortality and expense risk fees
and administrative charges. It does not reflect the deduction of any applicable 
premium taxes, surrender charges or fees for any optional riders. The deduction 
of any applicable premium taxes, surrender charges or rider fees would reduce   
the percentage increase or make greater any percentage decrease.                

Second, advertisements may also include total return figures, which reflect the 
deduction of the mortality and expense risk fees and administrative charges.    
These figures may also include or exclude surrender charges.                    

17

P-->485APOS19th Page of 117TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 19th
Third, in addition, for certain investment  portfolios,  performance may be     
shown for the period commencing from the inception date of the investment       
portfolio (i.e. before commencement of subaccount operations). These figures    
should not be interpreted to reflect actual historical performance of the       
subaccounts.                                                                    

We also may, from time to time, include in our advertising and sales materials, 
the performance of other funds or accounts managed by the subadviser, the       
performance of predecessors to the underlying fund portfolios, tax deferred     
compounding charts and other hypothetical illustrations, which may include      
comparisons of currently taxable and tax deferred investment programs, based on 
selected tax brackets.                                                          

Appendix B to this prospectus contains past performance information that you may
find useful. It is divided into various parts, depending upon the type of       
performance information shown. Past performance is no indication of future      
performance; future performance will vary and future results will not be the    
same as the results shown.                                                      

5.   EXPENSES 

There are charges and expenses associated with your contract that reduce the    
return on your investment in the contract.                                      

Surrender Charges                                                               

During the accumulation phase, you can surrender part or all of the cash value  
(restrictions may apply to qualified contracts). Cash value is the adjusted     
account value less any applicable surrender charge and less any rider fees      
(imposed upon surrender). We may apply a surrender charge to compensate us for  
expenses relating to sales, including commissions to registered representatives 
and other promotional expenses.                                                 

After the first year, you can surrender up to the greater of 10% of your        
purchase payments (less partial surrenders deemed to be from purchase payments) 
or any gains in the contract once each year free of surrender charges. This     
amount is referred to as the free percentage and is determined at the time of   
surrender.  (The free percentage is not cumulative, so not surrendering anything
in one year does not increase the surrender charge free amount in subsequent    
years.) If you surrender money in excess of this free amount, you might have to 
pay a surrender charge, which is a surrender charge, on the excess amount. The  
following schedule shows the surrender charges that apply during the seven years
following payment of each purchase payment:                                     

                                                                [Download Table]

------------------------------------------------------
       Number of Years             Surrender Charge   
       Since Purchase             (as a percentage of 
        Payment Date                purchase payment  
                                    surrendered)      
------------------------------------------------------
                                                      
          0 - 1                          7%           
------------------------------------------------------
          1 - 2                          7%           
------------------------------------------------------
          2 - 3                          6%           
------------------------------------------------------
          3 - 4                          6%           
------------------------------------------------------
          4 - 5                          5%           
------------------------------------------------------
          5 - 6                          4%           
------------------------------------------------------
          6 - 7                          3%           
------------------------------------------------------
        7 or more                        0            
------------------------------------------------------

For example, assume your purchase payment is $100,000 and your account value is 
$106,000 at the beginning of the second contract year and you surrender $30,000.
Since that amount is more than your free amount ($10,000), you would pay a      
surrender charge of $1,400 on the remaining $20,000 (7% of $30,000 - $10,000).  

Likewise, assume your account value is $80,000 (purchase payments $100,000) at  
the beginning of the second contract year and you surrender your contract. You  
would pay a surrender charge of $6,300 [7% of ($100,000 - ($100,000 x 10%))].   

You can generally choose to receive the full amount of a requested partial      
surrender by directing us to deduct any applicable surrender charge (and any    
negative excess interest adjustment) from your remaining account value. You     
receive your cash value upon full surrender.                                    

For surrender charge purposes,  earnings are considered to be surrendered first,
then the oldest purchase payment is considered to be surrendered next.          

Surrender charges are waived if you surrender money under the Nursing Care and  
Terminal Withdrawal Option or the Unemployment Waiver.                          

Keep in mind that surrenders may be taxable, and if made before age 59 1/2, may 
be subject to a 10% federal penalty tax. For tax purposes, surrenders from      
nonqualified contracts are considered to come from earnings first. Under        

18

P-->485APOS20th Page of 117TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 20th
qualified contracts, surrenders may be prorated between taxable and nontaxable  
amounts.                                                                        

Excess Interest Adjustment                                                      

Surrenders of cash value from the fixed account may be subject to an excess     
interest adjustment. This adjustment could retroactively reduce the interest    
credited in the fixed account to the guaranteed minimum of 2% per year or       
increase the amount credited.  This adjustment may also apply to amounts applied
to an annuity payment.  See "The Fixed Account" in Section 3.                   

Mortality and Expense Risk Fee                                                  

We charge a fee as compensation for bearing certain mortality and expense risks 
under the contract. This fee is assessed daily based on the net asset value of  
each subaccount.  Examples of such risks include a guarantee of annuity rates,  
the death benefits, certain expenses of the contract, and assuming the risk that
the current charges will be insufficient in the future to cover costs of        
administering the contract. We may also pay distribution expenses out of this   
charge.                                                                         

For the Return of Premium Death Benefit the daily mortality and expense risk fee
is at an annual rate of 1.15%.  During the accumulation phase, for the Double   
Enhanced Death Benefit, the mortality and expense risk fee is at an annual rate 
of 1.30%. During the income phase, the mortality and expense risk fee is always 
at an annual rate of 1.10%.                                                     

If this charge does not cover our actual costs, we absorb the loss. Conversely, 
if the charge more than covers actual costs, the excess is added to our surplus.
We expect to profit from this charge. We may use any profit for any proper      
purpose, including distribution expenses.                                       

Administrative Charges                                                          

We deduct a daily administrative charge to cover the costs of administering the 
contract. This charge is equal to an annual rate of 0.15% per year of the daily 
net asset value of the variable account during both the accumulation phase and  
the income phase.                                                               

In addition, an annual service charge of $35 (but not more than 2% of the       
account value) is charged on each contract anniversary and at surrender. The    
service charge is waived if your account value or the sum of your purchase      
payments, less all partial surrenders, is at least $50,000.                     

Premium Taxes                                                                   

Some states assess premium taxes on the purchase payments you make. We currently
do not deduct for these taxes at the time you make a purchase payment. However, 
we will deduct the total amount of premium taxes, if any, from the account value
when:                                                                           

.  you begin receiving annuity payments;                                      
.  you surrender the contract; or                                             
.  you die and a death benefit is paid (you must also be the annuitant for the
death benefit to be paid).                                                

Generally, premium taxes range from 0% to 3.50%, depending on the state.        

Federal, State and Local Taxes                                                  

We may in the future deduct charges from the contract for any taxes we incur    
because of the contract. However, no deductions are being made at the present   
time.                                                                           

Transfer Fee                                                                    

You are allowed to make 18 free transfers per year before the annuity date. If  
you make more than 18 transfers per year, we reserve the right to charge $10 for
each additional transfer. Purchase payments, Asset Rebalancing and Dollar Cost  
Averaging transfers do not count as one of your 18 free transfers per year. All 
transfer requests made at the same time are treated as a single request.        

Guaranteed Minimum Income Benefit                                               

If you elect the Guaranteed Minimum Income Benefit, there is an annual rider fee
during the accumulation phase of 0.45% of the minimum annuitization value.  If  
you receive annuity payments under the rider and you elect the guaranteed       
minimum payment option, then there is a guaranteed payment fee at an annual rate
of 1.25% of the daily net asset value.                                          

The annual rider fee is also deducted if you surrender the contract.            

19

P-->485APOS21st Page of 117TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 21st
Initial Payment Guarantee                                                       

If you elect the Initial Payment Guarantee at the time of annuitization, there  
is a daily rider fee currently at an annual rate of 1.25% of the daily net asset
value. This fee may be higher or lower at the time you annuitize and elect the  
rider.                                                                          

Tax Relief Rider                                                                

If you elect the Tax Relief Rider, there is an annual rider fee during the      
accumulation phase of 0.25% of the account value.  The rider fee will be        
deducted on each rider anniversary and upon termination of the rider (once we   
have received all necessary regulatory approvals) during the accumulation phase.
The rider fee is deducted pro rata from each investment choice.                 

Portfolio Fees and Expenses                                                     

The value of the assets in each subaccount will reflect the fees and expenses   
paid by the underlying fund. A list of these expenses is found in the "Fee      
Table" section of this prospectus.  See the prospectuses for the underlying     
funds for more information.                                                     

6.  ACCESS TO YOUR MONEY 

During the accumulation phase, you can have access to the money in your contract
in two ways:                                                                    
.  by making a surrender (either a complete or partial surrender); or         
.  by taking systematic payouts.                                              

Surrenders                                                                      

If you take a complete surrender, you will receive your cash value.             

If you want to take a partial surrender, in most cases it must be for at least  
$500. Unless you tell us otherwise, we will take the surrender from each of the 
investment choices in proportion to the account value.                          

After one year, you may take up to the greater of 10% of your purchase payments 
(less partial surrenders deemed to be from purchase payments) or any gains in   
the contract free of surrender charges once each contract year.  Remember that  
any surrender you take will reduce the account value, and will reduce the amount
of the death benefit. See Section 8, Death Benefit, for more details.  A        
surrender may also reduce other benefits.                                       

Surrenders may be subject to a surrender charge. Surrenders from the fixed      
account may also be subject to an excess interest adjustment.  Income taxes,    
federal tax penalties and certain restrictions may apply to any surrenders you  
make.                                                                           

Surrenders from qualified contracts may be restricted or prohibited.            

During the income phase, you will receive annuity payments under the annuity    
payment you select; however, you generally may not take any other surrenders,   
either complete or partial, unless you elect a Life With Emergency Cash(SM)     
payment option.                                                                 

Delay of Payment and Transfers                                                  

Payment of any amount due from the variable account for a surrender, a death    
benefit, or the death of the owner of a nonqualified contract, will generally   
occur within seven business days from the date Transamerica receives all        
required information. Transamerica may defer such payment from the variable     
account if:                                                                     

.  the New York Stock Exchange is closed other than for usual weekends or     
holidays or trading on the Exchange is otherwise restricted;              
 . an emergency exists as defined by the SEC or the SEC requires that trading be
restricted; or                                                            
.  the SEC permits a delay for the protection of owners.                      

In addition, transfers of amounts from the subaccounts may be deferred under    
these circumstances.                                                            

Pursuant to the requirements of certain state laws, we reserve the right to     
defer payment of the cash value from the fixed account for up to six months.  We
may defer payment of any amount until your purchase payment check has cleared   
your bank.                                                                      

Excess Interest Adjustment                                                      

Money that you transfer out of or surrender from a guaranteed period option of  
the fixed account before the end of its guaranteed period (the number of years  
you specified the money would remain in the guaranteed period option) may be    
subject to an excess interest adjustment. At the time                           

20

P-->485APOS22nd Page of 117TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 22nd
you request a transfer or surrender (either full or partial), if interest rates 
set by Transamerica have risen since the date of the initial guarantee, the     
excess interest adjustment will result in a lower cash value on surrender.      
However, if interest rates have fallen since the date of the initial guarantee, 
the excess interest adjustment will result in a higher cash value on surrender  
or transfer.                                                                    

Any amount surrendered in excess of the cumulative interest credited is         
generally subject to an excess interest adjustment. There will be no excess     
interest adjustment on any of the following:                                    
.  surrenders or transfers of cumulative interest credited;                   
.  nursing care and terminal condition surrenders;                            
.  Unemployment Waiver;                                                       
.  surrenders to satisfy any minimum distribution requirements; and           
.  Systematic Withdrawal Option payments, which do not exceed cumulative      
interest credited.                                                        

Please note that in these circumstances you will not receive a higher cash value
if interest rates have fallen nor will you receive a lower cash value if        
interest rates have risen.                                                      

An excess interest adjustment may also be made on amounts applied to an annuity 
payment.                                                                        

The excess interest adjustment may vary by state and may not be applicable in   
all states.                                                                     

7.  ANNUITY PAYMENTS (THE INCOME PHASE) 

You choose the annuity date. You can change this date by giving us written      
notice 30 days before the current annuity date. The new annuity date must be at 
least 30 days after we receive notice of the change. The latest annuity date    
generally cannot be after the contract month following the month in which the   
annuitant attains age 85 (in certain cases, we may allow the date to be up to   
the last day of the month following the month in which the annuitant attains age
95). The earliest annuity date is 30 days after you purchase your contract.     

Election of Annuity Payment. Before the annuity date, if the annuitant is alive,
---------------------------                                                     
you may choose an annuity payment or change your election. If the annuitant dies
before the annuity date, the death benefit is payable  in a lump sum or under   
one of the annuity payments (unless the surviving spouse continues the          
contract).                                                                      

Unless you specify otherwise, the annuitant will receive the annuity payments.  
After the annuitant's death, the beneficiary will receive any remaining         
guaranteed payments.                                                            

Annuity Payments                                                                

The contract provides several annuity payments that are described below (these  
options are not available under the Guaranteed Minimum Income Benefit). You may 
choose any combination of annuity payments. We will use your adjusted account   
value to provide these annuity payments. If the adjusted account value on the   
annuity date is less than $2,000, we reserve the right to pay it in one lump sum
in lieu of applying it under an annuity payment. You can receive annuity        
payments monthly, quarterly, semi-annually, or annually.  (We reserve the right 
to change the frequency if payments would be less than $50.)                    

Unless you choose to receive variable payments under annuity payments 3 or 5,   
the amount of each payment will be set on the annuity date and will not change. 
You may, however, choose to receive variable payments under payment options 3   
and 5. The dollar amount of the first variable payment will be determined in    
accordance with the annuity payment rates set forth in the applicable table     
contained in the contract. The dollar amount of additional variable payments    
will vary based on the investment performance of the subaccount(s). The dollar  
amount of each variable payment after the first may increase, decrease, or      
remain constant. If the actual investment performance (net of fees and expenses)
exactly matched the assumed investment return of 5% at all times, the amount of 
each variable annuity payment would remain equal. If actual investment          
performance (net of fees and expenses) exceeds the assumed investment return,   
the amount of the variable annuity payments would increase. Conversely, if      
actual investment performance (net of fees and expenses) is lower than the      
assumed investment return, the amount of the variable annuity payments would    
decrease.  These changes only occur annually under the Guaranteed Minimum Income
Benefit and Initial Payment Guarantee.                                          

A charge for premium taxes and an excess interest adjustment may be made when   
annuity payments begin.                                                         

The annuity payments are explained below. Options 1, 2, and 4 are fixed only.   
Options 3 and 5 can be fixed or variable.                                       

21

P-->485APOS23rd Page of 117TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 23rd
Payment Option 1--Interest Payments. We will pay the interest on the amount we  
-----------------------------------                                             
use to provide annuity payments in equal payments, or this amount may be left to
accumulate for a period of time you and Transamerica agree to. You and          
Transamerica will agree on surrender rights when you elect this option.         

Payment Option 2--Income for a Specified Period. We will make level payments    
-----------------------------------------------                                 
only for the fixed period you choose. No funds will remain at the end of the    
period.                                                                         

Payment Option 3--Life Income. You may choose between:                          
-----------------------------                                                   
 .  No Period Certain (fixed or variable)--Payments will be made only during the
annuitant's lifetime.                                                     
 . 10 Years Certain (fixed or variable)--Payments will be made for the longer of
the annuitant's lifetime or ten years.                                    
.  Guaranteed Return of Contract Proceeds (fixed only)--Payments will be made 
 for the longer of the annuitant's lifetime or until the total dollar amount
of payments we made to you equals the amount applied to this option.      
.  Life with Emergency Cash(SM) (fixed or variable)--Payments will be made    
during the annuitant's lifetime. With the Life with Emergency Cash(SM)    
feature, you are able to surrender all or a portion of the Life with      
   Emergency Cash(SM) benefit. The amount you surrender must be at least $2,500.
   We will provide you with a Life with Emergency Cash(SM) benefit schedule that
 will assist you in estimating the amount you have available to surrender. A
partial surrender will reduce all future payments. A surrender charge may 
apply and there may be tax consequences (consult a tax advisor before     
 requesting a full or partial surrender). The maximum surrender charge is 4%
  of the annuitized purchase payment. The Life with Emergency Cash(SM) benefit
will continue through age 100 of the annuitant. The Life with Emergency   
 Cash(SM) benefit is also a death benefit that is paid upon the death of the
  annuitant. (For qualified contracts the death benefit ceases at the date the
annuitant reaches the IRS age limitation.)                                

Payment Option 4--Income of a Specified Amount. Payments are made for any       
----------------------------------------------                                  
specified amount until the amount applied to this option, with interest, is     
exhausted. This will be a series of level payments followed by a smaller final  
payment.                                                                        

Payment Option 5--Joint and Survivor Annuity. You may choose between:           
--------------------------------------------                                    

.  No Period Certain (fixed or variable)--Payments are made during the joint  
  --
 lifetime of the annuitant and a joint annuitant of your selection. Payments
will be made as long as either person is living.                          

.  Life with Emergency Cash(SM) (fixed or variable)--Payments will be made    
during the joint lifetime of the annuitant and a joint annuitant of your  
   selection. Payments will be made as long as either person is living. With the
Life with Emergency Cash(SM) feature, you are able to surrender all or a  
   portion of the Life with Emergency Cash(SM) benefit. The amount you surrender
must be at least $2,500. We will provide you with a Life with Emergency   
 Cash(SM) benefit schedule that will assist you in estimating the amount you
have available to surrender. A partial surrender will reduce all future   
payments. A surrender charge may apply and there may be tax consequences  
(consult a tax advisor before requesting a full or partial surrender). The
 maximum surrender charge is 4% of the annuitized purchase payment. The Life
with Emergency Cash(SM) benefit will continue through age 100 of the      
 annuitant. The Life with Emergency Cash(SM) benefit is also a death benefit
 that is paid upon the death of the last annuitant. (For qualified contracts
  the death benefit ceases at the date the annuitant reaches the IRS joint age
limitation.)                                                              

NOTE CAREFULLY:                                                                 
IF:                                                                             
 . you choose Life Income with No Period Certain or a Joint and Survivor Annuity
with No Period Certain; and                                               
.  the annuitant dies before the due date of the second (third, fourth, etc.) 
annuity payment;                                                          
THEN:                                                                           
.  we may make only one (two, three, etc.) annuity payments.                  

IF:                                                                             
 .  you choose Income for a Specified Period, Life Income with 10 years Certain,
Life Income with Guaranteed Return of Contract Proceeds, or Income of a   
Specified Amount; and                                                     
 . the person receiving payments dies prior to the end of the guaranteed period;
THEN:                                                                           
.  the remaining guaranteed payments will be continued to that person's       
beneficiary, or their present value may be paid in a single sum.          

22

P-->485APOS24th Page of 117TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 24th
However, IF:                                                                    
.  You choose Life with Emergency Cash(SM); and                               
.  The annuitant dies before age 100.                                         
THEN:                                                                           
.  A Life with Emergency Cash(SM) death benefit will be paid.                 

We will not pay interest on amounts represented by uncashed annuity payment     
checks if the postal or other delivery service is unable to deliver checks to   
the payee's address of record. The person receiving payments is responsible for 
keeping Transamerica informed of their current address.                         

Other annuity payments may be arranged by agreement with Transamerica. Certain  
annuity payments may not be available in all states.                            

8.  DEATH BENEFIT 

We will pay a death benefit to your beneficiary, under certain circumstances, if
the annuitant dies during the accumulation phase.  If there is a surviving      
owner(s) when the annuitant dies, the surviving owner(s) will receive the death 
benefit instead of the listed beneficiary.  The person receiving the death      
benefit may choose an annuity payment option, or may choose to receive a lump   
sum.                                                                            

When We Pay A Death Benefit                                                     

We will pay a death benefit IF:                                                 
.  you are both the annuitant and sole owner of the contract; and             
.  you die before the annuity date.                                           

We will pay a death benefit to you (owner) IF:                                  
.  you are not the annuitant; and                                             
.  the annuitant dies before the annuity date.                                

If the only person receiving the death benefit is the surviving spouse, then he 
or she may elect to continue the contract as the new annuitant and owner,       
instead of receiving the death benefit.  All current surrender charges will be  
waived.                                                                         

When We Do Not Pay A Death Benefit                                              

We will not pay a death benefit IF:                                             
.  you are not the annuitant; and                                             
.  you die prior to the annuity date;                                         

Please note the new owner (unless it is your spouse) must generally surrender   
the contract within five years of your death for the adjusted account value     
minus any applicable rider fees.                                                

Distribution requirements apply to the account value upon the death of any      
owner. These requirements are detailed in the SAI.                              

Deaths After the Annuity Commencement Date                                      
The death benefit payable, if any, on or after the annuity date depends on the  
annuity payment option selected.                                                

IF:                                                                             
.  you are not the annuitant; and                                             
.  you die on or after the annuity date; and                                  
.  the entire interest in the contract has not been paid to you;              
THEN:                                                                           
 . the remaining portion of such interest in the contract will be distributed at
least as rapidly as under the method of distribution being used as of the 
date of your death.                                                       

IF:                                                                             
.  You are receiving annuity payments under the Life with Emergency Cash(SM); 
and                                                                       
.  The annuitant dies before age 100.                                         
THEN:                                                                           
.  A Life with Emergency Cash(SM) death benefit will be paid.                 

Succession of Ownership                                                         

If any owner dies during the accumulation phase, the annuitant will become the  
new owner.                                                                      

Amount of Death Benefit                                                         

Death benefit provisions may differ from state to state. The death benefit may  
be paid as a lump sum or as annuity payments. The amount of the death benefit   
depends on the guaranteed minimum death benefit option you chose when you bought
the contract. The death benefit will be the greatest of:                        

.  account value on the date we receive the required information; or          

.  cash value on the date we receive the required information (this could be  
more than the account value                                               

23

P-->485APOS25th Page of 117TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 25th
  if there is a positive excess interest adjustment that exceeds the surrender
charge); or                                                               
.  guaranteed minimum death benefit (discussed below), plus purchase payments,
  less partial surrenders from the date of death to the date the death benefit
is paid.                                                                  

Guaranteed Minimum Death Benefit                                                

NOTE:  The following generally applies, depending on the state of issue, to     
contracts issued after May 1, 2002.  For other contracts, see Appendix C.       

On the contract application, you generally may choose one of the guaranteed     
minimum death benefit options listed below (age limitations may apply).         

After the contract is issued, you cannot make an election and the death benefit 
cannot be changed.                                                              

There is an extra charge for guaranteed minimum death benefit A.                

A. Double Enhanced Death Benefit                                                
-----------------------------                                             

The death benefit under this option is the greater of 1 or 2 below:       

1. The 6% Annually Compounding through age 80 Death Benefit is:           
.   the total purchase payments; less                               
.   any adjusted partial surrenders; plus                           
    .   interest at an effective annual rate of 6% from the purchase payment
        date or surrender date to (a) the earlier of the annuitant's date of
       death or the annuitant's 81/st/ birthday; or (b) the date the total
   purchase payments, less any adjusted partial surrenders and any
        applicable premium taxes, has grown to two times its original amount
as a result of the 6% interest accumulation.                
2. The Monthly Step-Up through age 80 Death Benefit is equal to:          
.   the largest account value on the contract date or on any monthly
        anniversary prior to the earlier of the annuitant's date of death or
the annuitant's 81/st/ birthday; plus                       
.   any purchase payments subsequent to the date of any monthly     
anniversary with the largest account value; minus           
     .   any adjusted partial surrenders subsequent to the date of the monthly
anniversary with the largest account value.                 

      This benefit is not available if the owner or annuitant is age 81 or older
on the contract date.                                               

B. Return of Premium Death Benefit                                              
-------------------------------                                           

The Return of Premium Death Benefit is:                                   
.  total purchase payments; less                                          
   .  any adjusted partial surrenders (discussed below) as of the date of death.

The Return of Premium Death Benefit will be in effect if you do not choose
 the other death benefit option on the contract application. The charges are
lower for this option than for the other.                                 

Spousal Continuation                                                            
--------------------                                                            

NOTE, IF, under either death benefit option:                                    
----                                                                            
.  the surviving spouse (as beneficiary or sole surviving owner) elects to    
continue the contract instead of receiving the death benefit; and         
.  the guaranteed minimum death benefit is greater than the account value;    
THEN:                                                                           
.  we will increase the account value to be equal to the guaranteed minimum   
death benefit. This increase is made only at the time the surviving spouse
   elects to continue the contract and the guaranteed minimum death benefit will
continue as applicable.                                                   

Adjusted Partial Surrender                                                      

When you request a partial surrender, your guaranteed minimum death benefit will
be reduced by an amount called the adjusted partial surrender. Under certain    
circumstances, the adjusted partial surrender may be more than the dollar amount
of your surrender request. This will generally be the case if the guaranteed    
minimum death benefit exceeds the account value at the time of the surrender.   
It is also possible that if a death benefit is paid after you have made a       
partial surrender, then the total amount paid could be less than the total      
purchase payments. We have included a detailed explanation of this adjustment in
the SAI.  This is referred to as "adjusted partial surrender" in you contract.  

24

P-->485APOS26th Page of 117TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 26th
9.   TAXES 

NOTE: Transamerica has prepared the following information on federal income     
taxes as a general discussion of the subject. It is not intended as tax advice  
to any individual. You should consult your own tax adviser about your own       
circumstances. Transamerica has included an additional discussion regarding     
taxes in the SAI.                                                               

Annuity Contracts in General                                                    

Deferred annuity contracts are a way of setting aside money for future needs    
like retirement. Congress recognized how important saving for retirement is and 
provided special rules in the Internal Revenue Code for annuities.              

Simply stated, these rules generally provide that generally you will not be     
taxed on the earnings, if any, on the money held in your annuity contract until 
you take the money out. This is referred to as tax deferral.  There are         
different rules as to how you will be taxed depending on how you take the money 
out and the type of contract--qualified or nonqualified (discussed below).      

You will generally not be taxed on increases in the value of your contract until
a distribution occurs--either as a surrender or as annuity payments and tax     
deferral will not apply.                                                        

When a non-natural person (e.g., corporation or certain other entities other    
than tax-qualified trusts) owns a nonqualified contract, the contract will      
generally not be treated as an annuity for tax purposes.                        

Qualified and Nonqualified Contracts                                            

If you purchase the contract under an individual retirement annuity, a pension  
plan, or specially sponsored program, your contract is referred to as a         
qualified contract.                                                             

Qualified contracts are issued in connection with the following plans:          
 .  Individual Retirement Annuity (IRA): A traditional IRA allows individuals to
   make contributions, which may be deductible, to the contract. A Roth IRA also
allows individuals to make contributions to the contract, but it does not 
   allow a deduction for contributions, and distributions may be tax-free if the
owner meets certain rules.                                                
.  Tax-Sheltered Annuity (403(b) Plan): A 403(b) Plan may be made available to
 employees of certain public school systems and tax-exempt organizations and
permits contributions to the contract on a pre-tax basis.                 
.  Corporate Pension and Profit-Sharing and H.R. 10 Plan: Employers and self- 
  employed individuals can establish pension or profit-sharing plans for their
 employees or themselves and make contributions to the contract on a pre-tax
basis.                                                                    
.  Deferred Compensation Plan (457 Plan): Certain governmental and tax-exempt 
 organizations can establish a plan to defer compensation on behalf of their
employees through contributions to the contract.                          

The contract contains death benefit features that in some cases may exceed the  
greater of the purchase payments or the account value. The death benefit could  
be characterized as an incidental benefit, the amount of which is limited in any
pension or profit-sharing plan or 403(b) plan. Because the death benefit may    
exceed this limitation, anyone using the contract in connection with such plans 
should consult their tax adviser. The Internal Revenue Service has not reviewed 
the contract for qualification as an IRA, and has not addressed in a ruling of  
general applicability whether the death benefit provision, such as the          
provisions in the contract, comports with IRA qualification requirements.       

If you purchase the contract as an individual and not under an individual       
retirement annuity, 403(b) plan, 457 plan, or pension or profit sharing plan,   
your contract is referred to as a nonqualified contract.                        

Surrenders--Qualified Contracts                                                 

The information herein describing the taxation of nonqualified contracts does   
not apply to qualified contracts.                                               

There are special rules that govern with respect to qualified contracts.        
Generally, these rules restrict:                                                
.  the amount that can be contributed to the contract during any year;        
.  the time when amounts can be paid from the contract; and                   
.  the amount of any death benefit that may be allowed.                       

In addition, a penalty tax may be assessed on amounts surrendered from the      
contract prior to the date you reach age 59 1/2, unless you meet one of the     
exceptions to this rule. You may also be required to begin taking minimum       
distributions                                                                   

25

P-->485APOS27th Page of 117TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 27th
from the contract by a certain date. The terms of the plan may limit the rights 
otherwise available to you under the contract.                                  

We have provided more information in the SAI.                                   

You should consult your legal counsel or tax adviser if you are considering     
purchasing a contract for use with any retirement plan.                         

Surrenders--403(b) Contracts                                                    

The Internal Revenue Code limits surrenders from certain 403(b) contracts.      
Surrenders can generally only be made when an owner:                            
.  reaches age 59 1/2;                                                        
.  leaves his/her job;                                                        
.  dies;                                                                      
.  becomes disabled (as that term is defined in the Internal Revenue Code); or
.  declares hardship. However, in the case of hardship, the owner can only    
surrender the purchase payments and not any earnings.                     

Diversification and Distribution Requirements                                   

The Internal Revenue Code provides that the underlying investments for a        
variable annuity must satisfy certain diversification requirements in order to  
be treated as an annuity. The contract must also meet certain distribution      
requirements at the death of an owner in order to be treated as an annuity.     
These diversification and distribution requirements are discussed in the SAI.   
Transamerica may modify the contract to attempt to maintain favorable tax       
treatment.                                                                      

Surrenders--Nonqualified Contracts                                              

If you make a surrender (including Systematic Payouts) from a nonqualified      
contract before the annuity date, the Internal Revenue Code treats that         
surrender as first coming from earnings and then from your purchase payments.   
When you make a surrender you are taxed on the amount of the surrender that is  
earnings. (The excess interest adjustment resulting from the surrender may      
affect the amount on which you are taxed, but the tax treatment of excess       
interest adjustments is uncertain. You should consult a tax advisor if a        
surrender results in an excess interest adjustment.) If you make a full         
surrender, you are generally taxed on the amount that your surrender proceeds   
exceeds the "investment in the contract," which is generally your purchase      
payments paid (adjusted for any prior surrenders or portions thereof that were  
not taxable). Different rules apply for annuity payments. See "Annuity Payments"
below.                                                                          

The Internal Revenue Code also provides that surrendered earnings may be subject
to a penalty tax. The amount of the penalty tax is equal to 10% of the amount   
that is includable in income. Some surrenders will be exempt from the penalty   
tax. They include any amounts:                                                  
.  paid on or after the taxpayer reaches age 59 1/2;                          
.  paid after an owner dies;                                                  
 . paid if the taxpayer becomes totally disabled (as that term is defined in the
Internal Revenue Code);                                                   
.  paid in a series of substantially equal payments made annually (or more    
frequently) under a lifetime annuity;                                     
.  paid under an immediate annuity; or                                        
.  which come from purchase payments made prior to August 14, 1982.           

All nonqualified deferred annuity contracts that are issued by Transamerica (or 
its affiliates) to the same owner during any calendar year are treated as one   
annuity for purposes of determining the amount includable in the owner's income 
when a taxable distribution occurs.                                             

Taxation of Death Benefit Proceeds                                              

Amounts may be distributed from the contract because of the death the annuitant.
Generally, such amounts should be includable in the income of the recipient:    
 . if distributed in a lump sum, these amounts are taxed in the same manner as a
full surrender; or                                                        
 .  if distributed under an annuity payment, these amounts are taxed in the same
manner as annuity payments.                                               

Annuity Payments                                                                

Although the tax consequences may vary depending on the annuity payment you     
select, in general, for nonqualified contracts, only a portion of the annuity   
payments you receive will be includable in your gross income.                   

In general, the excludable portion of each annuity payment you receive will be  
determined as follows:                                                          
.  Fixed payments--by dividing the "investment in the contract" on the annuity
  date by the total expected value of the annuity payments for the term of the

26

P-->485APOS28th Page of 117TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 28th
  payments. This is the percentage of each annuity payment that is excludable.
.  Variable payments--by dividing the "investment in the contract" on the     
 annuity date by the total number of expected periodic payments. This is the
amount of each annuity payment that is excludable.                        

The remainder of each annuity payment is includable in gross income. Once the   
"investment in the contract" has been fully recovered, the full amount of any   
additional annuity payments is includable in gross income.                      

If you select more than one annuity payment, special rules govern the allocation
of the contract's entire "investment in the contract" to each such option, for  
purposes of determining the excludable amount of each payment received under    
that option. We advise you to consult a competent tax adviser as to the         
potential tax effects of allocating amounts to any particular annuity payment.  

If, after the annuity date, annuity payments stop because an annuitant died, the
excess (if any) of the "investment in the contract" as of the annuity date over 
the aggregate amount of annuity payments received that was excluded from gross  
income may possibly be allowable as a deduction for your last taxable year.     

It is unclear whether stabilized annuity payments under the Guaranteed Minimum  
Income Benefit or the Initial Payment Guarantee should be treated as fixed      
annuity payments or variable annuity payments for federal income tax purposes.  
You should consult a tax advisor on this issue.                                 

Annuity Contracts Purchased by Nonresident Aliens and Foreign Corporations      

The discussion above provided general information (but not tax advice) regarding
U.S. federal income tax consequences to annuity owners that are U.S. persons.   
Taxable distributions made to owners who are not U.S. persons will generally be 
subject to U.S. federal income tax withholding at a 30% rate, unless a lower    
treaty rate applies. In addition, distributions may be subject to state and/or  
municipal taxes and taxes that may be imposed by the owner's country of         
citizenship or residence. Prospective foreign owners are advised to consult with
a qualified tax adviser regarding U.S., state, and foreign taxation for any     
annuity contract purchase.                                                      

Transfers, Assignments or Exchanges of Contracts                                

A transfer of ownership or assignment of a contract, the designation of an      
annuitant or payee or other beneficiary who is not also the owner, the selection
of certain annuity dates, or a change of annuitant, may result in certain income
or gift tax consequences to the owner that are beyond the scope of this         
discussion. An owner contemplating any such transfer, assignment, selection, or 
change should contact a competent tax adviser with respect to the potential tax 
effects of such a transaction.                                                  

Possible Tax Law Changes                                                        

Although the likelihood of legislative changes is uncertain, there is always the
possibility that the tax treatment of the contract could change by legislation  
or otherwise. You should consult a tax adviser with respect to legal            
developments and their effect on the contract.                                  

Variable Account Charges                                                        

It is possible that the Internal Revenue Service may take a position that fees  
for certain optional benefits (e.g., death benefits other than the Return of    
Premium death benefit) are deemed to be taxable distributions to you. In        
particular, the Internal Revenue Service may treat fees associated with the Tax 
Relief Rider as a taxable surrender, which might also be subject to a tax       
penalty if the surrender occurs prior to age 59 1/2. Although we do not believe 
that the fees associated with the Tax Relief Rider or any other optional benefit
provided under the contract should be treated as taxable surrenders, we advise  
that you consult your tax advisor prior to selecting any optional benefit under 
the contract.                                                                   

10.  ADDITIONAL FEATURES 

Systematic Withdrawal Option                                                    

You can select at any time (during the accumulation phase) to receive regular   
payments from your contract by using the Systematic Withdrawal Option. Under    
this option, you can receive the greater of (1) and (2), divided by the number  
of payouts made per year, where:                                                
(1)  is up to 10% (annually) of your purchase payments (less partial surrenders 
deemed to be purchase payments); and                                  
(2)  is any gains in the contract.                                              

27

P-->485APOS29th Page of 117TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 29th
This amount may be taken free of surrender charges. Payments can be made        
monthly, quarterly, semi-annually, or annually. Each payment must be at least   
$50. Monthly and quarterly payments must be made by electronic funds transfer   
directly to your checking or savings account. There is no charge for this       
benefit.                                                                        

Guaranteed Minimum Income Benefit                                               

The optional Guaranteed Minimum Income Benefit assures you of a minimum level of
income in the future by guaranteeing a minimum annuitization value (discussed   
below) after seven years. You may elect to purchase this benefit, which provides
a minimum amount you will have to apply to a Guaranteed Minimum Income Benefit  
payment option and which guarantees a minimum amount for those payments once you
begin to receive them. By electing this benefit, you can participate in the     
gains of the underlying variable investment options you select while knowing    
that you are guaranteed a minimum level of income in the future, regardless of  
the performance of the underlying variable investment options. The Guaranteed   
Minimum Income Benefit rider will not be issued if you are 80 years old or older
(earlier if required by state law).                                             

You can annuitize under the rider (subject to the conditions described below) at
the greater of the adjusted account value or the minimum annuitization value.   

Minimum Annuitization Value. The minimum annuitization value on the rider date  
---------------------------                                                     
(the date the rider is added to your contract) is equal to the account value.   
After that, the minimum annuitization value is equal to the greater of the      
following:                                                                      

1)  the largest account value on the rider date or on any rider anniversary 
prior to the annuitant's 81st birthday, plus any subsequent purchase
      payments (less the sum of all subsequent withdrawals adjusted as below and
any premium taxes after the date of the largest account value); or  

2)  the minimum annuitization value on the rider date plus the sum of all   
purchase payments received after the rider date, less withdrawals   
     (adjusted as below) and premium taxes, plus interest thereon equal to the
    annual effective interest rate specified on page one of the rider up to:

a)   the rider anniversary prior to the annuitant's 81/st/ birthday;

b)   the date the sum of all purchase payments, (less the sum of all
     adjusted withdrawals and premium taxes), together with credited
          interest, has grown to two times the amount of all purchase payments
           (less all adjusted withdrawals and premium taxes) as a result of such
interest accumulation, if earlier.                        

You can annuitize under the Guaranteed Minimum Income Benefit (subject to the   
conditions described in this section) at the greater of the annuity purchase    
amount or the minimum annuitization value.                                      

The annual effective interest rate is current 6% per year; we may, at our       
discretion, change the rate in the future, but the rate will never be less than 
3% per year, and once the rider is added to your contract, the annual rate will 
not vary during the life of that rider. Withdrawals may reduce the minimum      
annuitization value on a basis greater than dollar-for-dollar. See the SAI for  
more information.                                                               

The Guaranteed Minimum Income Benefit does not establish or guarantee account   
value or guarantee performance of any investment option.                        

The minimum annuitization value may only be used to annuitize using the         
Guaranteed Minimum Income Benefit payment options provided by the Guarantee     
Minimum Income Benefit and may not be used with any of the annuity payment      
options listed in Section 7 of this prospectus. The Guaranteed Minimum Income   
Benefit payment options are:                                                    
.  Life Income--An election may be made for "No Period Certain" or "10 Years  
  Certain". In the event of the death of the annuitant prior to the end of the
chosen period certain, the remaining period certain payments will be      
continued to the beneficiary.                                             
.  Joint and Full Survivor--An election may be made for "No Period Certain" or
  "10 Years Certain". Payments will be made as long as either the annuitant or
joint annuitant is living. In the event of the death of both the annuitant
and joint annuitant prior to the end of the chosen period certain, the    
remaining period certain payments will be continued to the beneficiary.   

28

P-->485APOS30th Page of 117TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 30th
NOTE CAREFULLY:                                                                 
IF:                                                                             
 . You choose Life Income with No Period Certain or Joint and Full Survivor with
No Period Certain; and                                                    
 . The annuitant(s) dies before the due date of the second (third, fourth, etc.)
annuity payment;                                                          
THEN:                                                                           
.  We will make only one (two, three, etc.) annuity payments.                 

The minimum annuitization value is used solely to calculate the Guaranteed      
Minimum Income Benefit annuity payments and does not establish or guarantee a   
account value or guarantee performance of any investment option. Because this   
benefit is based on conservative actuarial factors (such as the use of a 3.0%   
assumed investment return, to calculate the first annuity payment, which results
in a lower dollar amount for that payment than would result from using the 5.0% 
assumed investment return that is used with the regular annuity payments        
described in Section 7 above), the level of lifetime income that it guarantees  
may be less than the level that would be provided by application of the adjusted
account value at otherwise applicable annuity factors.                          

Therefore, the Guaranteed Minimum Income Benefit should be regarded as a safety 
net. The costs of annuitizing under the Guaranteed Minimum Income Benefit       
include the guaranteed payment fee, and also the lower payout levels inherent in
the annuity tables used for those minimum payouts (which may include an annuity 
age factor adjustment). These costs should be balanced against the benefits of a
minimum payout level.                                                           

Moreover, the Initial Payment Guarantee option described below also provides for
a minimum payout level, and it uses actuarial factors (such as a 5.0% assumed   
investment return) that provide for higher payment levels for a given account   
value than the Guaranteed Minimum Income Benefit (which uses a 3.0% assumed     
investment return to calculate the first annuity payment and a 5.0% rate to     
calculate all subsequent payments). You should carefully consider these factors,
since electing annuity payments under the Guaranteed Minimum Income Benefit will
generally be advantageous only when the minimum annuitization value is          
sufficiently in excess of the adjusted account value to overcome these          
disadvantages.                                                                  

In addition to the annual growth rate, other benefits and fees under the rider  
(the rider fee, the fee waiver threshold, the guaranteed payment fee, and the   
waiting period before the rider can be exercised) are also guaranteed not to    
change after the rider is added. However, all of these benefit specifications   
may change if you elect to upgrade the minimum annuitization value.             

Minimum Annuitization Value Upgrade. You can upgrade your minimum annuitization 
------------------------------------                                            
value to the account value on a contract anniversary.  This may be done within  
thirty days after any contract anniversary before your 88/th/ birthday (earlier 
if required by state law). For your convenience, we will put the last date to   
upgrade on page one of the rider.                                               

If you upgrade:                                                                 
.  the current rider will terminate and a new one will be issued with its own 
specified guaranteed benefits and fees (the new rider will be what is     
currently offered for new sales);                                         
.  the new fees, thresholds and factors may be higher (or lower) than before; 
.  the new annual growth rate may be lower (or higher) than before; and       
 .  you will have a new seven year waiting period before you can annuitize under
the rider.                                                                

It generally will not be to your advantage to upgrade unless your adjusted      
account value exceeds your minimum annuitization value at the time you elect to 
upgrade.                                                                        

Conditions of Exercise of the Guaranteed Minimum Income Benefit. You can only   
----------------------------------------------------------------                
annuitize using the Guaranteed Minimum Income Benefit within the 30 days after  
the seventh or later contract anniversary after the Guaranteed Minimum Income   
Benefit is elected or, in the case of an upgrade of the minimum annuitization   
value, the seventh or later contract anniversary following the upgrade.         
Transamerica may, at its discretion, change the waiting period before the       
Guaranteed Minimum Income Benefit can be exercised in the future. You cannot,   
however, annuitize using the Guaranteed Minimum Income Benefit after the        
contract anniversary after your 94/th/ birthday (earlier if required by state   
law). For your convenience, we will put the first and last date to annuitize    
using the Guaranteed Minimum Income Benefit on page one of the rider.           

29

P-->485APOS31st Page of 117TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 31st
NOTE CAREFULLY: If you annuitize at any time other than indicated above, you    
cannot use the Guaranteed Minimum Income Benefit.                               

Guaranteed Minimum Payment Option. If you elect the guaranteed minimum payment  
----------------------------------                                              
option at the time of annuitization, annuity payments under the rider are       
guaranteed to never be less than the initial payment. See the SAI for           
information concerning the calculation of the initial payment. The payments will
also be "stabilized" or held constant during each contract year.                

During the first contract year after annuitizing using the rider, each          
stabilized payment will equal the initial payment. On each contract anniversary 
thereafter, the stabilized payment will increase or decrease depending on the   
performance of the investment options you selected (but will never be less than 
the initial payment), and then be held constant at that amount for that contract
year. The stabilized payment on each contract anniversary will equal the greater
of the initial payment or the payment supportable by the annuity units in the   
selected investment options. See the SAI for additional information concerning  
stabilized payments.                                                            

If you elect not to receive guaranteed minimum payments, your payments:         
-----------------------------------------------------------------------         
.  are not guaranteed and may be less than the initial payment;               
------------------------------------------------------------              
.  will vary according to the investment performance of the investment options
 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------
you select; and                                                           
---------------                                                           
.  will not be stabilized.                                                    
-----------------------                                                   

Rider Fee. A rider fee, currently 0.45% of the minimum annuitization value on   
----------                                                                      
the contract anniversary, is charged annually prior to annuitization. We will   
also charge this fee if you take a complete surrender. The rider fee is deducted
from each variable subaccount and the fixed account in proportion to the amount 
of account value in each variable subaccount and the fixed account. This fee is 
deducted even if the adjusted account value exceeds the minimum annuitization   
value.                                                                          

Guaranteed Minimum Payment Fee.  If you elect the guaranteed minimum payment    
-------------------------------                                                 
option at the time of annuitization, a guaranteed minimum payment fee, currently
equal to an effective annual rate of 1.25% of the daily net asset value in the  
variable account, is reflected in the amount of the variable payments you       
receive if you annuitize under the Guaranteed Minimum Income Benefit, in        
addition to the base product mortality and expense risk fee and administrative  
charge. The guaranteed minimum payment fee is included on page one of the rider.
This option is irrevocable (you can not stop paying the fee once annuity        
payments begin).                                                                

Termination. The rider is irrevocable. You have the option not to use the       
------------                                                                    
benefit but you will not receive a refund of any fees you have paid. The rider  
will terminate upon the earliest of the following:                              
.  annuitization (you will still get guaranteed minimum stabilized payments if
you annuitize using the minimum annuitization value under the Guaranteed  
Minimum Income Benefit);                                                  
.  upgrade of the minimum annuitization value (although a new rider will be   
issued);                                                                  
.  termination of your contract; or                                           
 . 30 days after the contract anniversary after your 94/th/ birthday (earlier if
required by state law).                                                   

The Guaranteed Minimum Income Benefit described in this prospectus uses a 3.0%  
assumed investment return to calculate the first payment. Therefore, for a given
dollar amount of account value applied to an annuity payment, the initial       
payment will be lower with the Guaranteed Minimum Income Benefit than with the  
Initial Payment Guarantee.                                                      

The Guaranteed Minimum Income Benefit may vary by state and may not be available
in all states. For contracts sold in New Jersey, certain provisions of the      
Guaranteed Minimum Income Benefit differ from the above description. New Jersey 
residents should see the separate supplement describing the Guaranteed Minimum  
Income Benefit for New Jersey.                                                  

Initial Payment Guarantee                                                       

You may only elect to purchase the Initial Payment Guarantee at the time you    
annuitize your contract. The guarantee only applies to variable annuity         
payments. There is an additional charge for this guarantee.                     

The Initial Payment Guarantee does not establish or guarantee the performance of
any subaccount.                                                                 

With the Initial Payment Guarantee, you receive stabilized annuity payments that
are guaranteed to never be less than a percentage (currently 80%) of the initial
payment (i.e., the guaranteed payment). Once the rider is added, the            

30

P-->485APOS32nd Page of 117TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 32nd
guaranteed percentage will not change during the life of the rider.             

Rider Fee.  There is a charge for the Initial Payment Guarantee, which is in    
---------                                                                       
addition to the base product mortality and expense risk fee and administrative  
charge. This fee is reflected in the amount of the annuity payments that you    
receive if you select the Initial Payment Guarantee. It is reflected in the     
calculation of the annuity unit values.                                         

The Initial Payment Guarantee fee is currently equal to an annual rate of 1.25% 
of the daily net asset value in the subaccounts.                                

Other Terms and Conditions.  You may purchase the Initial Payment Guarantee only
--------------------------                                                      
at the time you annuitize your contract. You cannot delete this payment         
guarantee (or eliminate the charge for it) after you have selected this option. 

The Initial Payment Guarantee uses a 5.0% assumed investment return to calculate
your annuity payments. This means that the dollar amount of the annuity payments
will remain level if the investment return (net of fees and expenses) exactly   
equals 5.0%. The payments will increase if actual investment performance exceeds
the assumed investment return, and decrease if actual performance is below the  
assumed investment return (but not below the guaranteed level).                 

Termination. The Initial Payment Guarantee is irrevocable.                      
-----------                                                                     

The Initial Payment Guarantee benefit may vary by state and may not be available
in all states.                                                                  

Tax Relief Rider                                                                

The optional Tax Relief Rider pays a Tax Relief Rider amount (based on earnings 
since the rider was issued) when a death benefit is payable under your contract,
under certain circumstances. The Tax Relief Rider will not be paid unless (a)   
the rider in force, (b) a death benefit is payable on the contract, and (c)     
there are rider earnings when the death benefit is calculated. The Tax Relief   
Rider is available for issue ages through age 80.                               

Tax Relief Rider Amount. The Tax Relief Rider is only payable if you elected the
------------------------                                                        
rider prior to the death triggering the payment of the contract death benefit   
and a death benefit is payable under the contract. The Tax Relief Rider is equal
to:                                                                             
.  the Tax Relief Rider factor (see below) multiplied by                      
.  the rider earnings on the date the death benefit is calculated.            

Rider earnings equal:                                                           
.  the contract death benefit; minus                                          
.  account value on the rider date; minus                                     
.  purchase payments after the rider date; plus                               
 . surrenders after the rider date that exceed the rider earnings on the date of
the surrender.                                                            

No benefit is payable under the Tax Relief Rider if there are no rider earnings 
on the date the death benefit is calculated.                                    

If you purchase your contract as part of a 1035 exchange or add the Tax Relief  
Rider after you purchase the contract, rider earnings do not include any gains  
before the 1035 exchange or the date the Tax Relief Rider is added to your      
contract.                                                                       

The Tax Relief Rider factor is currently 40% for issue ages under 71 and 25% for
issue ages 71-80.                                                               

For purposes of computing taxable gains, both the death benefit payable under   
the contract and the Tax Relief Rider will be considered.                       

Please see the SAI for an example which illustrates the Tax Relief Rider payable
as well as the effect of a surrender on the Tax Relief Rider.                   

Spousal Continuation.  If a spouse elects to continue the contract instead of   
---------------------                                                           
receiving a death benefit and Tax Relief Rider, the spouse has the following    
options:                                                                        
 .  Continue the contract and receive a one-time account value increase equal to
the Tax Relief Rider. At this time the rider would terminate. The spouse  
 would have the option of immediately re-electing the rider as long as he or
  she is under the age of 81, however, it would only cover gains from the time
of such election going forward; or                                        
.  Continue the contract without the one-time account value increase and      
 continue the rider as is. When the next death benefit is payable, the rider
  will pay the Tax Relief Rider based on gains since the rider was issued, not
just since the time of the first death. If the rider is                   

31

P-->485APOS33rd Page of 117TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 33rd
terminated prior to this death, no Tax Relief Rider distribution is payable.

Rider Fee.  A rider fee, currently 0.25% of the account value, is deducted      
----------                                                                      
annually on each rider anniversary prior to annuitization. We will also deduct  
this fee upon full surrender of the contract or other termination of the rider  
(once we have received all necessary regulatory approvals). The rider fee is    
deducted pro rata from each investment choice.   The fee is deducted even during
periods when the Tax Relief Rider would not pay any benefit because there are no
rider earnings.                                                                 

Termination.  The rider will remain in effect until:                            
------------                                                                    
. you cancel it by notifying our service center in writing,                   
. the contract is annuitized or surrendered, or                               
. the Tax Relief Rider is paid or added to the account value under a spousal  
continuation.                                                               

Once terminated, the Tax Relief Rider may be re-elected, however, a new rider   
will be issued and the additional death benefit will be re-determined. Please   
note that if the rider is terminated and then re-elected, it will only cover    
gains, if any, since it was re-elected and the terms of the new rider may be    
different than the terminated rider.                                            

The tax consequences associated with this rider are not clear.                  
This rider may violate the requirements of certain qualified plans.  Consult a  
competent tax adviser before electing this rider for any qualified plan.        

The Tax Relief Rider may vary by state and may not be available in all states.  

Nursing Care and Terminal Condition Withdrawal Option                           

No surrender charges or excess interest adjustment will apply if you make a     
surrender, under certain circumstances, because you or your spouse has been:    
. confined in a hospital or nursing facility for 30 days in a row; or         
. diagnosed with a terminal condition (usually a life expectancy of 12 months 
or less).                                                                   

This benefit is also available to the annuitant or annuitant's spouse if the    
owner is not a natural person.                                                  

You may select this benefit at any time (during the accumulation phase) and     
there is no charge for this benefit.                                            

This benefit may not be available in all states. See the contract or endorsement
for details and conditions.                                                     

Unemployment Waiver                                                             

No surrender charges or excess interest adjustment will apply to surrenders     
after you or your spouse become unemployed in certain circumstances, because you
were terminated or laid off or otherwise lost your job involuntarily. In order  
to qualify, you (or your spouse, whichever is applicable) must have been:       
. employed full time for at least two years prior to becoming unemployed;     
. employed full time on the contract date;                                    
. unemployed for at least 60 days in a row at the time of the surrender;      
. must have a minimum cash value at the time of surrender of $5,000; and      
. you (or your spouse) must be receiving unemployment benefits.               

You must provide written proof from your State's Department of Labor, which     
verifies that you qualify for and are receiving unemployment benefits at the    
time of surrender.                                                              

You may select this benefit at any time (during the accumulation phase) and     
there is no charge for this benefit. This benefit is also available to the      
annuitant or annuitant's spouse if the owner is not a natural person. This      
benefit may not be available in all states. See the contract for details.       

Telephone Transactions                                                          

You may generally make transfers and change the allocation of additional        
purchase payments by telephone.                                                 

If you authorize your registered representative to make transfers and change the
allocation of additional purchase payments by telephone:                        
. select the Owner(s) and Owners Registered Representative box on the "Telephone
Transfer Authorization" section of the contract enrollment form; or         
. later complete an authorization form.                                       

32

P-->485APOS34th Page of 117TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 34th
You will be required to provide certain information for identification purposes 
when requesting a transaction by telephone and we may record your telephone     
call. We may also require written confirmation of your request. We will not be  
liable for following telephone requests that we believe are genuine.            
Transamerica reserves the right to revoke your telephone transaction privileges 
at any time without revoking all owner's telephone transfer privileges.         

Telephone requests must be received while the New York Stock Exchange is open to
get same-day pricing of the transaction. We may discontinue this option at any  
time.                                                                           

We may deny the telephone transaction privileges to market timers.              

We cannot guarantee that telephone transactions will always be available.  For  
example, our offices may be closed during severe circumstances or other         
emergencies.  There may be interruptions in service beyond our control, and if  
the volume of calls is unusually high, we might not have anyone available, or   
lines available, to take your call.                                             

Dollar Cost Averaging Program                                                   

During the accumulation phase, you may instruct us to automatically transfer    
money (portions of account value) from certain investment options into one or   
more variable subaccounts in accordance with your instructions. This is known as
Dollar Cost Averaging.                                                          

Dollar Cost Averaging buys more variable accumulation units when prices are low 
and fewer variable accumulation units when prices are high. It does not         
guarantee profits or assure that you will not experience a loss. You should     
consider your ability to continue the Dollar Cost Averaging program during all  
economic conditions.                                                            

There are two Dollar Cost Averaging programs available under your contract:     
Traditional and Special.                                                        

Traditional Dollar Cost Averaging.  During the accumulation phase, you may      
----------------------------------                                              
instruct us to automatically transfer money from the Traditional Dollar Cost    
Averaging fixed account option, the Money Market Portfolio Subaccount, Quality  
Bond Portfolio Subaccount or the Limited Term High Income Portfolio Subaccount, 
into one or more variable subaccounts in the allocations you specified. You may 
specify the dollar amount to be transferred either monthly or quarterly; however
each transfer must be at least $250. A minimum of 6 monthly or 4 quarterly      
transfers are required and a maximum of 24 monthly or 8 quarterly transfers are 
allowed. Transfers will begin as soon as the program is started.                

NOTE CAREFULLY:                                                                 

 . If you attempt to begin a Traditional Dollar Cost Averaging program with less
than the necessary minimum amount, no transfers will be made and any amount 
 allocated to that program will remain where it is at until the minimum amount
is reached or you transfer the funds out.                                   
 . If you specify the number of transfers, up to two additional transfers may be
necessary to complete a Traditional Dollar Cost Averaging program.          

Special Dollar Cost Averaging. During the accumulation phase, you may elect to  
------------------------------                                                  
allocate purchase payments to either the six or twelve month Special Dollar Cost
Averaging accounts of the fixed account. Amounts will then be transferred from  
the Special Dollar Cost Averaging account to the underlying fund subaccounts on 
a monthly basis for six or twelve months (depending on the option you select) in
the allocations you specified. Each transfer must be at least $250.             

Both Dollar Cost Averaging Programs.  If you elect Dollar Cost Averaging and    
-----------------------------------                                             
have multiple sources funding your contract, the Dollar Cost Averaging program  
will begin with the first money received. As the money from the other sources is
received, the amount of the Dollar Cost Averaging transfers will increase but   
the length of the program will not. If some of the money from the other sources 
is not received before the Dollar Cost Averaging program has ended, a new Dollar
Cost Averaging program will start when we receive the money (assuming it meets  
the minimum Dollar Cost Averaging requirements).                                

If you make additional purchase payments while a Dollar Cost Averaging Program  
is running, absent new instructions to the contrary, the amount of the Dollar   
Cost Averaging transfers will increase but the length of the program will not.  
If additional purchase payment is received after a Dollar Cost Averaging program
is completed, absent new instructions to the contrary:                          
.  a new Dollar Cost Averaging program will be started using the previous     
instructions; or                                                          

33

P-->485APOS35th Page of 117TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 35th
. if the additional purchase payment does not meet the minimum requirements to
start a new Dollar Cost Averaging program, then the additional purchase     
 payment will be allocated as identified in the previous Dollar Cost Averaging
program.                                                                    

NOTE CAREFULLY:  If we do not receive all necessary information to begin a      
Special Dollar Cost Averaging program within 30 days of allocating purchase     
payment to the program, that purchase payment will be transferred to the        
Traditional Dollar Cost Averaging fixed account.                                

If you discontinue a Dollar Cost Averaging program before its completion, then  
the interest credited on amounts in the Dollar Cost Averaging fixed account may 
be adjusted downward, but not below the minimum guaranteed effective annual     
interest rate of 2%.                                                            

The Dollar Cost Averaging program may vary by state and may not be available in 
all states. See your contract for availability of the fixed account options.    

Asset Rebalancing                                                               

During the accumulation phase you can instruct us to automatically rebalance the
amounts in your subaccounts to maintain your desired asset allocation. This     
feature is called Asset Rebalancing and can be started and stopped at any time  
free of charge. However, we will not rebalance if you are in the Dollar Cost    
Averaging program or if any other transfer is requested. If a transfer is       
requested, we will honor the requested transfer and discontinue Asset           
Rebalancing.  New instructions are required to start Asset Rebalancing.  Asset  
Rebalancing ignores amounts in the fixed account. You can choose to rebalance   
monthly, quarterly, semi-annually, or annually.                                 

11.   OTHER INFORMATION 

Ownership                                                                       

You, as owner of the contract, exercise all rights under the contract. You can  
change the owner at any time by notifying us in writing. An ownership change may
be a taxable event.                                                             

Assignment                                                                      

You can also assign the contract any time during your lifetime. Transamerica    
will not be bound by the assignment until we receive written notice of the      
assignment. We will not be liable for any payment or other action we take in    
accordance with the contract before we receive notice of the assignment. There  
may be limitations on your ability to assign a qualified contract. An assignment
may have tax consequences.                                                      

Transamerica Occidental Life Insurance Company                                  

Transamerica Occidental Life Insurance Company is an Iowa stock life insurance  
company incorporated on June 30, 1906. It is mainly engaged in the sale of life 
insurance and annuity contracts. The address for Transamerica is 4333 Edgewood  
Road NE, Cedar Rapids, Iowa 52499. Transamerica is a wholly owned subsidiary of 
Transamerica Insurance Corporation, which in turn is a direct subsidiary of     
Transamerica Corporation. Transamerica Corporation is an indirect subsidiary of 
AEGON N.V., one of the world's leading international insurance groups.          

All obligations arising under the contracts, including the promise to make      
annuity payments, are general corporate obligations of Transamerica.            

The Variable Account                                                            

Transamerica established a separate account, called  Separate Account VA-2L,    
under the laws of the State of California on May 22, 1992. The variable account 
receives and invests the purchase payments that are allocated to it for         
investment in shares of the underlying fund portfolios.                         

The variable account is registered with the SEC as a unit investment trust under
the 1940 Act. However, the SEC does not supervise the management, the investment
practices, or the contracts of the variable account or Transamerica. Income,    
gains and losses, whether or not realized, from assets allocated to the variable
account are, in accordance with the contracts, credited to or charged against   
the variable account without regard to Transamerica's other income, gains or    
losses.                                                                         

The assets of the variable account are held in Transamerica's name on behalf of 
the variable account and belong to Transamerica. However, those assets that     
underlie the contracts are not chargeable with liabilities arising out of       

34

P-->485APOS36th Page of 117TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 36th
any other business Transamerica may conduct. The variable account may include   
other subaccounts that are not available under these contracts.                 

Mixed and Shared Funding                                                        

Before making a decision concerning the allocation of purchase payments to a    
particular subaccount, please read the prospectuses for the underlying funds.   
The underlying funds are not limited to selling their shares to this variable   
account and can accept investments from any variable account or qualified       
retirement plan. Since the portfolios of the underlying funds are available to  
registered variable accounts offering variable annuity products of Transamerica,
as well as variable annuity and variable life products of other insurance       
companies, and qualified retirement plans, there is a possibility that a        
material conflict may arise between the interests of this variable account and  
one or more of the other accounts of another participating insurance company. In
the event of a material conflict, the affected insurance companies, including   
Transamerica, agree to take any necessary steps to resolve the matter. This     
includes removing their variable accounts from the underlying funds. See the    
underlying funds' prospectuses for more details.                                

Exchanges and Reinstatements                                                    

You can generally exchange one annuity contract for another in a `tax-free      
exchange' under Section 1035 of the Internal Revenue Code.  Before making an    
exchange, you should compare both annuities carefully.  Remember that if you    
exchange another annuity for the one described in this prospectus, then you may 
pay a surrender charge on the other annuity and there will be a new surrender   
charge period and other charges may be higher (or lower) and the benefits may be
different.  You should not exchange another annuity for this one unless you     
determine, after knowing all the facts, that the exchange is in your best       
interest and not just better for the person trying to sell you this contract    
(that person will generally earn a commission if you buy this contract through  
an exchange or otherwise).                                                      

You may surrender your contract and transfer your money directly to another life
insurance company (sometimes referred to as a 1035 Exchange or a trustee-to-    
trustee transfer). You may also request us to reinstate your contract after such
a transfer by returning the same total dollar amount of funds to the applicable 
investment choices. The dollar amount will be used to purchase new variable     
accumulation units at the then current price. Because of changes in market      
value, your new variable accumulation units may be worth more or less than the  
units you previously owned. We recommend that you consult a tax professional to 
explain the possible tax consequences of exchanges and/or reinstatements.       

Voting Rights                                                                   

Transamerica will vote all shares of the underlying funds held in the variable  
account in accordance with instructions we receive from you and other owners    
that have voting interests in the portfolios. We will send you and other owners 
written requests for instructions on how to vote those shares. When we receive  
those instructions, we will vote all of the shares in proportion to those       
instructions. If, however, we determine that we are permitted to vote the shares
in our own right, we may do so.                                                 

Each person having a voting interest will receive proxy material, reports, and  
other materials relating to the appropriate portfolio.                          

Distributor of the Contract                                                     

AFSG Securities Corporation is the principal underwriter of the policies. Like  
Transamerica, it is an wholly-owned indirect subsidiary of AEGON USA, Inc. It is
located at 4333 Edgewood Road NE, Cedar Rapids, IA 52499-0001. AFSG Securities  
Corporation is registered as a broker/dealer under the Securities Exchange Act  
of 1934. It is a member of the National Association of Securities Dealers, Inc. 

Commissions paid to broker/dealers who sell the contracts under the agreements  
with AFSG Securities Corporation may vary, but will not exceed 7% of purchase   
payments. These commissions are not deducted from purchase payments.  In        
addition, certain production, persistency and managerial bonuses may be paid.   
Transamerica may also pay compensation to financial institutions for their      
services in connection with the sale and servicing of the contracts.            

To the extent permitted by NASD rules, promotional incentives or payments may   
also be provided to broker/dealers based on sales volumes, the assumption of    
wholesaling functions or other sales-related criteria.  Other payments may be   
made for other services that do not directly involve the sale of the contracts. 
These services may include the recruitment and training of personnel, production
of promotional literature, and similar services.                                

35

P-->485APOS37th Page of 117TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 37th
Transamerica intends to recoup commissions and other sales expenses primarily,  
but not exclusively, through:                                                   
.  The administrative charge;                                                 
.  The surrender charge;                                                      
.  The mortality and expense risk fee;                                        
.  Revenues, if any, that Transamerica receives from the underlying portfolios
or their managers; and                                                    
.  Investment earnings on amounts allocated to the fixed account.             

Commissions paid on the contract, including other incentives or payments, are   
not charged to the contract owners or the variable account.                     

Pending regulatory approvals, Transamerica intends to distribute the contract in
all states, except New York, and in certain possessions and territories.        

IMSA 

Transamerica is a member of the Insurance Marketplace Standards Association     
(IMSA). IMSA is an independent, voluntary organization of life insurance        
companies.  It promotes high ethical standards in the sales, advertising and    
servicing of individual life insurance and annuity products.  Companies must    
undergo a rigorous self and independent assessment of their practices to become 
a member of IMSA.  The IMSA logo in our sales literature shows our ongoing      
commitment to these standards.                                                  

Legal Proceedings                                                               

There are no legal proceedings to which the variable account is a party or to   
which the assets of the variable account are subject. Transamerica, like other  
life insurance companies, is involved in lawsuits. In some class action and     
other lawsuits involving other insurers, substantial damages have been sought   
and/or material settlement payments have been made. Although the outcome of any 
litigation cannot be predicted with certainty, Transamerica believes that at the
present time there are no pending or threatened lawsuits that are reasonably    
likely to have a material adverse impact on the variable account or             
Transamerica.                                                                   

TABLE OF CONTENTS OF THE STATEMENT OF ADDITIONAL INFORMATION 

Glossary of Terms                                                               
The Contract--General Provisions                                                
Certain Federal Income Tax Consequences                                         
Investment Experience                                                           
Guaranteed Minimum Income Benefit--                                             
Additional Information                                                      
Tax Relief Rider -                                                              
Additional Information                                                      
Historical Performance Data                                                     
Published Ratings                                                               
State Regulation of Transamerica                                                
Administration                                                                  
Records and Reports                                                             
Distribution of the Contracts                                                   
Voting Rights                                                                   
Other Products                                                                  
Custody of Assets                                                               
Legal Matters                                                                   
Independent Auditors                                                            
Other Information                                                               
Financial Statements                                                            

36

P-->485APOS38th Page of 117TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 38th
APPENDIX A  
CONDENSED FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
(For contracts purchased on or after May 1, 2002) 

The "Return of Premium Death Benefit" with Total Variable Account Annual        
Expenses of 1.30%, and the "Double Enhanced Death Benefit" with Total Variable  
Account Annual Expenses of 1.45%, were not offered as of December 31, 2001,     
therefore condensed financial data is not available that reflects those death   
benefits.                                                                       

CONDENSED FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
(For contracts purchased prior to May 1, 2002)  

The variable accumulation unit values and the number of variable accumulation   
units outstanding for each subaccount from the date of inception are shown in   
the following tables.                                                           

Greater of 5% Annually Compounding through age 85 Death Benefit or Annual Step- 
Up through age 85 Death Benefit 
(with a cap of 200%)  
(Total Variable Account Annual Expenses:  1.40%)  

                                                        [Enlarge/Download Table]

====================================================================================================================================
                                                                                                             Number of              
                                                          Accumulation              Accumulation            Accumulation            
                                                           Unit Value                Unit Value           Units Outstanding         
Sub-account                                          at Beginning of Period       at End of Period        at End of Period          
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                                                                                    
Appreciation* /(2)/                                                                                                                 
2001.......................................                    $38.077                                                              
2000.......................................                    $38.862                 $38.077             8,193,471.439            
1999.......................................                    $ 35.36                 $38.862             8,513,807.354            
1998.......................................                    $27.532                 $ 35.36             8,121,246.029            
1997.......................................                    $21.802                 $27.532             6,447,159.634            
1996.......................................                    $17.610                 $21.802             3,665,146.389            
1995.......................................                    $13.373                 $17.610             2,077,029.504            
1994.......................................                    $13.160                 $13.373               919,622.615            
1993.......................................                    $12.500                 $13.160               237,733.021            
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Balanced*/(6)/                                                                                                                      
2001.......................................                    $14.450                                                              
2000.......................................                    $15.101                 $14.450             5,776,345.909            
1999.......................................                    $ 14.16                 $15.101             4,426,908.448            
1998.......................................                    $11.738                 $ 14.16             2,280,501.753            
1997.......................................                    $10.000                 $11.738               647,855.304            
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Disciplined Stock*/(5)/                                                                                                             
2001.......................................                    $19.977                                                              
2000.......................................                    $22.295                 $19.977             6,539,032.706            
1999.......................................                    $ 19.09                 $22.295             5,856,978.740            
1998.......................................                    $15.272                 $ 19.09             4,753,022.290            
1997.......................................                    $11.776                 $15.272             2,278,146.352            
1996.......................................                    $ 10.00                 $11.776               618,809.191            
====================================================================================================================================

37

P-->485APOS39th Page of 117TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 39th
                                                        [Enlarge/Download Table]

====================================================================================================================================
                                                                                                             Number of              
                                                          Accumulation              Accumulation            Accumulation            
                                                           Unit Value                Unit Value           Units Outstanding         
Sub-account                                          at Beginning of Period       at End of Period        at End of Period          
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                                                                                    
Growth and Income* /(4)/                                                                                                            
2001.......................................                    $31.974                                                              
2000.......................................                    $33.694                 $31.974             6,432,258.706            
1999.......................................                    $ 29.23                 $33.694             6,548,394.692            
1998.......................................                    $26.509                 $ 29.23             7,270,897.396            
1997.......................................                    $23.131                 $26.509             7,480,387.355            
1996.......................................                    $19.426                 $23.131             6,332,649.215            
1995.......................................                    $12.167                 $19.426             2,565,038.589            
1994.......................................                    $12.177                 $12.167                 4,300.380            
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
International Equity*/(4)/                                                                                                          
2001.......................................                    $20.643                                                              
2000.......................................                    $25.038                 $20.643             2,629,168.557            
1999.......................................                    $ 15.89                 $25.038             2,296,712.753            
1998.......................................                    $15.422                 $ 15.89             2,456,885.911            
1997.......................................                    $14.267                 $15.422             2,176,230.247            
1996.......................................                    $12.964                 $14.267             1,480,395.223            
1995.......................................                    $12.240                 $12.964               530,374.642            
1994.......................................                    $12.247                 $12.240                 8,552.073            
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
International Value*/(5)/                                                                                                           
2001.......................................                    $14.101                                                              
2000.......................................                    $14.846                 $14.101             1,377,476.194            
1999.......................................                    $ 11.78                 $14.846             1,432,408.023            
1998.......................................                    $10.982                 $ 11.78             1,380,692.935            
1997.......................................                    $10.244                 $10.982             1,047,389.002            
1996.......................................                    $ 10.00                 $10.244               230,868.491            
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Limited Term High Income*/(6)/                                                                                                      
2001.......................................                    $ 9.428                                                              
2000.......................................                    $10.422                 $ 9.428             3,514,966.504            
1999.......................................                    $ 10.73                 $10.422             5,300,351.762            
1998.......................................                    $10.852                 $ 10.73             6,458,312.119            
1997.......................................                    $10.000                 $10.852             2,424,231.798            
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Money Market/(1)/                                                                                                                   
2001.......................................                    $ 1.316                                                              
2000.......................................                    $ 1.258                 $ 1.316            59,855,370.259            
1999.......................................                    $  1.22                 $ 1.258            64,761,299.670            
1998.......................................                    $ 1.175                 $  1.22            53,939,642.196            
1997.......................................                    $ 1.132                 $ 1.175            42,660,950.364            
1996.......................................                    $ 1.093                 $ 1.132            38,983,053.941            
1995.......................................                    $ 1.048                 $ 1.093            31,807,563.947            
1994.......................................                    $ 1.018                 $ 1.048            23,559,789.795            
1993.......................................                    $ 1.021                 $ 1.018             2,678,280.492            
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Quality Bond*/(1)/                                                                                                                  
2001.......................................                    $17.199                                                              
2000.......................................                    $15.683                 $17.199             4,333,498.116            
1999.......................................                    $ 15.88                 $15.683             5,010,813.856            
1998.......................................                    $15.260                 $ 15.88             5,030,446.431            
1997.......................................                    $14.142                 $15.260             4,020,220.452            
1996.......................................                    $13.908                 $14.142             3,072,774.847            
1995.......................................                    $11.710                 $13.908             2,052,313.888            
1994.......................................                    $12.445                 $11.710               931,527.691            
1993.......................................                    $12.310                 $12.445                86,752.856            
====================================================================================================================================

38

P-->485APOS40th Page of 117TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 40th
                                                        [Enlarge/Download Table]

====================================================================================================================================
                                                                                                              Number of             
                                                            Accumulation            Accumulation            Accumulation            
                                                              Unit Value             Unit Value           Units Outstanding         
Sub-account                                            at Beginning of Period     at End of Period        at End of Period          
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                                                                                    
Small Cap*/(1)/                                                                                                                     
2001.......................................                    $87.446                                                              
2000.......................................                    $78.255                 $87.446             2,018,390.168            
1999.......................................                    $ 64.44                 $78.255             2,096,729.991            
1998.......................................                    $67.668                 $ 64.44             2,615,765.058            
1997.......................................                    $58.773                 $67.668             2,954,842.907            
1996.......................................                    $51.121                 $58.773             2,736,720.675            
1995.......................................                    $40.064                 $51.121             2,155,879.198            
1994.......................................                    $37.702                 $40.064             1,250,237.625            
1993.......................................                    $39.620                 $37.702               138,557.449            
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Small Company Stock*/(5)/                                                                                                           
2001.......................................                    $14.003                                                              
2000.......................................                    $13.083                 $14.003             1,666,683.284            
1999.......................................                    $ 11.99                 $13.083             1,665,730.260            
1998.......................................                    $12.935                 $ 11.99             2,111,028.689            
1997.......................................                    $10.772                 $12.935             1,604,089.554            
1996.......................................                    $ 10.00                 $10.772               543,949.419            
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Special Value*/(1)/                                                                                                                 
2001.......................................                    $17.848                                                              
2000.......................................                    $17.122                 $17.848             1,959,903.631            
1999.......................................                    $ 16.19                 $17.122             2,347,756.875            
1998.......................................                    $14.185                 $ 16.19             2,764,173.241            
1997.......................................                    $11.682                 $14.185             2,649,561.005            
1996.......................................                    $12.292                 $11.682             1,232,530.711            
1995.......................................                    $12.496                 $12.292             1,288,429.555            
1994.......................................                    $12.861                 $12.496             1,486,438.137            
1993.......................................                    $12.797                 $12.861               167,686.797            
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Stock Index*/(1)/                                                                                                                   
2001.......................................                    $47.264                                                              
2000.......................................                    $52.828                 $47.264             5,610,267.635            
1999.......................................                    $ 44.42                 $52.828             5,113,716.960            
1998.......................................                    $35.128                 $ 44.42             4,443,711.383            
1997.......................................                    $26.791                 $35.128             3,357,236.245            
1996.......................................                    $22.172                 $26.791             2,030,280.057            
1995.......................................                    $16.437                 $22.172               977,271.816            
1994.......................................                    $16.521                 $16.437               348,937.285            
1993.......................................                    $15.310                 $16.521                93,536.733            
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Socially Responsible Growth*/(3)/                                                                                                   
2001.......................................                    $38.602                                                              
2000.......................................                    $43.996                 $38.602             3,085,982.201            
1999.......................................                    $ 34.30                 $43.996             2,399,067.265            
1998.......................................                    $26.879                 $ 34.30             1,744,708.001            
1997.......................................                    $21.221                 $26.879             1,335,814.063            
1996.......................................                    $17.752                 $21.221               708,680.320            
1995.......................................                    $13.377                 $17.752               295,077.936            
1994.......................................                    $13.364                 $13.377               135,018.350            
1993.......................................                    $12.490                 $13.364                26,089.826            
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Core Bond */(10)/                                                                                                                   
2001.......................................                    $10.762                                                              
2000.......................................                    $ 10.00                 $10.762               401,440.673            
====================================================================================================================================

39

P-->485APOS41st Page of 117TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 41st
                                                        [Enlarge/Download Table]

====================================================================================================================================
                                                                                                              Number of             
                                                           Accumulation              Accumulation            Accumulation           
                                                            Unit Value                Unit Value          Units Outstanding         
Subaccount                                            at Beginning of Period       at End of Period       at End of Period          
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                                                                                    
Core Value*/(7)/                                                                                                                    
2001.......................................                    $12.120                                                              
2000.......................................                    $10.967                 $12.120             1,671,632.569            
1999.......................................                    $  9.29                 $10.967               618,554.557            
1998.......................................                    $ 10.00                 $  9.29                95,759.521            
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Emerging Leaders */(10)/                                                                                                            
2001.......................................                    $12.209                                                              
2000.......................................                    $ 10.00                 $12.209               237,691.634            
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Emerging Markets */(10)/                                                                                                            
2001.......................................                    $ 7.149                                                              
2000.......................................                    $ 10.00                 $ 7.149                68,080.097            
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
European Equity*/(9)/                                                                                                               
2001.......................................                    $12.395                                                              
2000.......................................                    $12.824                 $12.395               408,844.616            
1999.......................................                    $ 10.00                 $12.824                71,170.963            
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Founders Discovery */(10)/                                                                                                          
2001.......................................                    $ 7.474                                                              
2000.......................................                    $ 10.00                 $ 7.474             1,566,915.606            
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Founders Growth*/(8)/                                                                                                               
2001.......................................                    $ 9.299                                                              
2000.......................................                    $12.632                 $ 9.299             2,497,719.994            
1999.......................................                    $ 10.00                 $12.632               209,797.215            
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Founders International Equity*/(9)/                                                                                                 
2001.......................................                    $11.317                                                              
2000.......................................                    $13.894                 $11.317               889,774.353            
1999.......................................                    $ 10.00                 $13.894                51,377.647            
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Founders Passport*/(8)/                                                                                                             
2001.......................................                    $11.820                                                              
2000.......................................                    $16.144                 $11.820             1,743,018.957            
1999.......................................                    $ 10.00                 $16.144               230,853.270            
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Japan */(11)/                                                                                                                       
2001.......................................                    $ 7.692                                                              
2000.......................................                    $ 10.00                 $ 7.692                42,342.493            
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
MidCap Stock*/(7)/                                                                                                                  
2001.......................................                    $11.244                                                              
2000.......................................                    $10.529                 $11.244             2,352,335.934            
1999.......................................                    $  9.63                 $10.529               677,575.571            
1998.......................................                    $ 10.00                 $  9.63               467,292.833            
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Technology Growth*/(9)/                                                                                                             
2001.......................................                    $11.078                                                              
2000.......................................                    $15.383                 $11.078             9,024,925.748            
1999.......................................                    $ 10.00                 $15.383             2,898,342.133            
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Transamerica VIF Growth/(7)/                                                                                                        
2001.......................................                    $13.736                                                              
2000.......................................                    $15.422                 $13.736             3,644,221.142            
1999.......................................                    $ 11.35                 $15.422             2,963,758.863            
1998.......................................                    $ 10.00                 $ 11.35             1,634,054.907            
====================================================================================================================================

40

P-->485APOS42nd Page of 117TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 42nd
/(1)/  Sub-Account inception January 4, 1993.                                   
/(2)/  Sub-Account inception April 5, 1993.                                     
/(3)/  Sub-Account inception October 7, 1993.                                   
/(4)/  Sub-Account inception December 15, 1994.                                 
/(5)/  Sub-Account inception May 1, 1996.                                       
/(6)/  Sub-Account inception May 1, 1997.                                       
/(7)/  Sub-Account inception May 1, 1998.                                       
/(8)/  Sub-Account inception May 3, 1999.                                       
/(9)/  Sub-Account inception October 1, 1999.                                   
/(10)/ Sub-Account inception May 1, 2000.                                       

*  The figures shown reflect information for the Initial Class Shares.          

41

P-->485APOS43rd Page of 117TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 43rd
APPENDIX B  

HISTORICAL PERFORMANCE DATA 

Standard Performance Data                                                       

Transamerica may advertise historical yields and total returns for the          
subaccounts of the variable account. In addition, Transamerica may advertise the
effective yield of the subaccount investing in the Money Market Portfolio (the  
"Money Market Subaccount"). These figures are calculated according to           
standardized methods prescribed by the SEC. They are based on historical        
earnings and are not intended to indicate future performance.                   

Money Market Subaccount. The yield of the Money Market Subaccount for a contract
-----------------------                                                         
refers to the annualized income generated by an investment under a contract in  
the subaccount over a specified seven-day period. The yield is calculated by    
assuming that the income generated for that seven-day period is generated each  
seven-day period over a 52-week period and is shown as a percentage of the      
investment. The effective yield is calculated similarly but, when annualized,   
the income earned by an investment under a contract in the subaccount is assumed
to be reinvested. The effective yield will be slightly higher than the yield    
because of the compounding effect of this assumed reinvestment.                 

Other Subaccounts. The yield of a subaccount (other than the Money Market       
-----------------                                                               
Subaccount) for a contract refers to the annualized income generated by an      
investment under a contract in the subaccount over a specified thirty-day       
period. The yield is calculated by assuming that the income generated by the    
investment during that thirty-day period is generated each thirty-day period    
over a 12-month period and is shown as a percentage of the investment.          

The total return of a subaccount refers to return quotations assuming an        
investment under a contract has been held in the subaccount for various periods 
of time including a period measured from the date the subaccount commenced      
operations. When a subaccount has been in operation for one, five, and ten      
years, respectively, the total return for these periods will be provided. The   
total return quotations for a subaccount will represent the average annual      
compounded rates of return that equate an initial investment of $1,000 in the   
subaccount to the redemption value of that investment as of the last day of each
of the periods for which total return quotations are provided.                  

The yield and total return calculations for a subaccount do not reflect the     
effect of any premium taxes that may be applicable to a particular contract and 
they may not reflect the charges for any optional rider.  To the extent that any
or all of a premium tax is applicable to a particular contract, or one or more  
riders are elected, the yield and/or total return of that contract will be      
reduced. For additional information regarding yields and total returns          
calculated using the standard formats briefly summarized above, please refer to 
the SAI, a copy of which may be obtained from the administrative and service    
office upon request.                                                            

Based on the method of calculation described in the SAI, the average annual     
total returns for periods from inception of the subaccounts to December 31,
2001, and for the one and five year periods ended December 31, 2001 are shown in
Table 1 below. Total returns shown reflect deductions for the mortality and     
expense risk fee and the administrative charges. Performance figures may reflect
the 1.45% Total Variable Account Annual Expense for the Double Enhanced Death   
Benefit, or the 1.30% Total Variable Account Annual Expense for the Return of   
Premium Death Benefit. Standard total return calculations will reflect the      
effect of surrender charges that may be applicable to a particular period.      
Table 1 figures do not reflect any charge for riders or other optional features.

42

P-->485APOS44th Page of 117TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 44th
                                                        [Enlarge/Download Table]

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ 
                                                 TABLE 1 - A                                                 
                                    Standard Average Annual Total Returns                                    
         (Assuming A Surrender Charge and No Guaranteed Minimum Income Benefit or Tax Relief Rider)          
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ 
                                        Double Enhanced Death Benefit                                        
                               (Total Variable Account Annual Expenses: 1.45%)                               
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ 
                                                                             Inception                       
                                                      1 Year       5 Year      of the          Subaccount    
                                                       Ended       Ended     Subaccount        Inception     
Subaccount                                            12/31/01    12/31/01  to 12/31/01          Date        
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                                                             
Appreciation.....................................                                           April 5, 1993    
Balanced.........................................                                            May 1, 1997     
Disciplined Stock................................                                            May 1, 1996     
Growth and Income................................                                         December 15, 1994  
International Equity.............................                                         December 15, 1994  
International Value..............................                                            May 1, 1996     
Limited Term High Income.........................                                           April 30, 1997   
Quality Bond.....................................                                          January 4, 1993   
Small Cap........................................                                          January 4, 1993   
Small Company Stock..............................                                            May 1, 1996     
Special Value....................................                                          January 4, 1993   
Stock Index......................................                                          January 4, 1993   
Socially Responsible Growth Fund.................                                          October 7, 1993   
Core Bond........................................                                            May 1, 2000     
Core Value.......................................                                            May 1, 1998     
Emerging Leaders.................................                                            May 1, 2000     
Emerging Markets.................................                                            May 1, 2000     
European Equity..................................                                          October 1, 1999   
Founders Discovery...............................                                            May 1, 2000     
Founders Growth..................................                                            May 3, 1999     
Founders International Equity....................                                          October 1, 1999   
Founders Passport................................                                            May 3, 1999     
Japan............................................                                            May 1, 2000     
MidCap Stock.....................................                                            May 1, 1998     
Technology Growth................................                                          October 1, 1999   
Transamerica VIF Growth..........................                                            May 1, 1998     
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

43

P-->485APOS45th Page of 117TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 45th
                                                        [Enlarge/Download Table]

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                 TABLE 1 - B                                                 
                                    Standard Average Annual Total Returns                                    
         (Assuming A Surrender Charge and No Guaranteed Minimum Income Benefit or Tax Relief Rider)          
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                       Return of Premium Death Benefit                                       
                               (Total Variable Account Annual Expenses: 1.30%)                               
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                             Inception                       
                                                       1 Year      5 Year      of the          Subaccount    
                                                       Ended       Ended     Subaccount        Inception     
Subaccount                                            12/31/01    12/31/01  to 12/31/01           Date       
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Appreciation.....................................                                           April 5, 1993    
Balanced.........................................                                            May 1, 1997     
Disciplined Stock................................                                            May 1, 1996     
Growth and Income................................                                         December 15, 1994  
International Equity.............................                                         December 15, 1994  
International Value..............................                                            May 1, 1996     
Limited Term High Income.........................                                           April 30, 1997   
Quality Bond.....................................                                          January 4, 1993   
Small Cap........................................                                          January 4, 1993   
Small Company Stock..............................                                            May 1, 1996     
Special Value....................................                                          January 4, 1993   
Stock Index......................................                                          January 4, 1993   
Socially Responsible Growth Fund.................                                          October 7, 1993   
Core Bond........................................                                            May 1, 2000     
Core Value.......................................                                            May 1, 1998     
Emerging Leaders.................................                                            May 1, 2000     
Emerging Markets.................................                                            May 1, 2000     
European Equity..................................                                          October 1, 1999   
Founders Discovery...............................                                            May 1, 2000     
Founders Growth..................................                                            May 3, 1999     
Founders International Equity....................                                          October 1, 1999   
Founders Passport................................                                            May 3, 1999     
Japan............................................                                            May 1, 2000     
MidCap Stock.....................................                                            May 1, 1998     
Technology Growth................................                                          October 1, 1999   
Transamerica VIF Growth..........................                                            May 1, 1998     
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

The figures in the above tables may reflect waiver of advisory fees and         
reimbursement of other expenses. In the absence of such waivers, the average    
annual total return figures above would have been lower.  (See the Fee Table.)  

Non-Standard Performance Data                                                   

In addition to the standard data discussed above, similar performance data for  
other periods may also be shown.                                                

Transamerica may also advertise or disclose average annual total return or other
performance data in non-standard formats for a subaccount of the variable       
account. The non-standard performance data may assume that no surrender charge  
is applicable, and may also make other assumptions such as the amount invested  
in a subaccount, differences in time periods to be shown, or the effect of      
partial surrenders or annuity payments.                                         

All non-standard performance data will be advertised only if the standard       
performance data is also disclosed. For additional information regarding the    
calculation of other performance data, please refer to the SAI.                 

The non-standard average annual total return figures shown in Table 2 are based 
on the assumption that the contract is not surrendered, and therefore the       
surrender charge is not imposed. Also, Table 2, like Table 1, does not reflect  
the charge for any optional rider.                                              

44

P-->485APOS46th Page of 117TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 46th
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
TABLE 2 - A 
Non-Standardized Average Annual Total Returns 
(Assuming No Surrender Charge, Guaranteed Minimum Income Benefit or Tax Relief  
Rider)  
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Double Enhanced Death Benefit 
(Total Variable Account Annual Expenses: 1.45%) 
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                                                        [Enlarge/Download Table]

                                                                             Inception                       
                                                       1 Year      5 Year     of the        Subaccount       
                                                       Ended       Ended    Subaccount      Inception        
Subaccount                                            12/31/01    12/31/01  to 12/31/01        Date          
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Appreciation......................................                                          April 5, 1993    
Balanced..........................................                                            May 1, 1997    
Disciplined Stock.................................                                            May 1, 1996    
Growth and Income.................................                                      December 15, 1994    
International Equity..............................                                      December 15, 1994    
International Value...............................                                            May 1, 1996    
Limited Term High Income..........................                                         April 30, 1997    
Quality Bond......................................                                        January 4, 1993    
Small Cap.........................................                                        January 4, 1993    
Small Company Stock...............................                                            May 1, 1996    
Special Value.....................................                                        January 4, 1993    
Stock Index.......................................                                        January 4, 1993    
Socially Responsible Growth Fund..................                                        October 7, 1993    
Core Bond.........................................                                            May 1, 2000    
Core Value........................................                                            May 1, 1998    
Emerging Leaders..................................                                            May 1, 2000    
Emerging Markets..................................                                            May 1, 2000    
European Equity...................................                                        October 1, 1999    
Founders Discovery................................                                            May 1, 2000    
Founders Growth...................................                                            May 3, 1999    
Founders International Equity.....................                                        October 1, 1999    
Founders Passport.................................                                            May 3, 1999    
Japan.............................................                                            May 1, 2000    
MidCap Stock......................................                                            May 1, 1998    
Technology Growth.................................                                        October 1, 1999    
Transamerica VIF Growth...........................                                            May 1, 1998    
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

45

P-->485APOS47th Page of 117TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 47th
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
TABLE 2 - B 
Non-Standardized Average Annual Total Returns 
(Assuming No Surrender Charge, Guaranteed Minimum Income Benefit or Tax Relief  
Rider)  
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Return of Premium Death Benefit 
(Total Variable Account Annual Expenses: 1.30%) 
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                                                        [Enlarge/Download Table]

                                                                             Inception                       
                                                      1 Year       5 Year      of the         Subaccount     
                                                       Ended        Ended    Subaccount        Inception     
Subaccount                                           12/31/00     12/31/00  to 12/31/00          Date        
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Appreciation.................................                                                 April 5, 1993  
Balanced.....................................                                                   May 1, 1997  
Disciplined Stock............................                                                   May 1, 1996  
Growth and Income............................                                             December 15, 1994  
International Equity.........................                                             December 15, 1994  
International Value..........................                                                   May 1, 1996  
Limited Term High Income.....................                                                April 30, 1997  
Quality Bond.................................                                               January 4, 1993  
Small Cap....................................                                               January 4, 1993  
Small Company Stock..........................                                                   May 1, 1996  
Special Value................................                                               January 4, 1993  
Stock Index..................................                                               January 4, 1993  
Socially Responsible Growth Fund.............                                               October 7, 1993  
Core Bond....................................                                                   May 1, 2000  
Core Value...................................                                                   May 1, 1998  
Emerging Leaders.............................                                                   May 1, 2000  
Emerging Markets.............................                                                   May 1, 2000  
European Equity..............................                                               October 1, 1999  
Founders Discovery...........................                                                   May 1, 2000  
Founders Growth..............................                                                   May 3, 1999  
Founders International Equity................                                               October 1, 1999  
Founders Passport............................                                                   May 3, 1999  
Japan........................................                                                   May 1, 2000  
MidCap Stock.................................                                                   May 1, 1998  
Technology Growth............................                                               October 1, 1999  
Transamerica VIF Growth......................                                                   May 1, 1998  
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

The figures in the above tables may reflect waiver of advisory fees and         
reimbursement of other expenses. In the absence of such waivers, the average    
annual total return figures above would have been lower.  (See the Fee Table.)  

Adjusted Historical Performance Data of the Portfolios. The following           
------------------------------------------------------                          
performance data for the periods prior to the date the subaccount commenced     
operations is based on the performance of the corresponding portfolio and the   
assumption that the applicable subaccount was in existence for the same period  
as the corresponding portfolio with a level of charges equal to those currently 
assessed against the subaccount or against owner's account values.              

In addition, Transamerica may present historic performance data for the         
portfolios since their inception reduced by some or all the fees and charges    
under the contract. Such adjusted historic performance includes data that       
precedes the inception dates on the subaccounts. This data is designed to show  
the performance that would have resulted if the contract had been in existence  
during that time.                                                               

For instance, as shown in Tables 3 and 4 below, Transamerica may disclose       
average annual total returns for the portfolios reduced by some or all fees and 
charges under the contract, as if the contract had been in existence since the  
inception of the portfolios. Such fees and charges include the mortality and    
expense risk fee, the administrative charge and surrender charges.  Table 3     
assumes a complete surrender of the contract at the end of the period, and      
therefore the surrender charge is deducted.  Table 4 assumes that the contract  
is not surrendered and therefore the surrender charge is not deducted.  Also,   
Tables 3 and 4 do not reflect the charge of any optional riders.                

46

P-->485APOS48th Page of 117TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 48th
The following information is based on the method of calculations as described in
the SAI.  The adjusted historical average annual total returns for periods ended
December 31, 2001, were as follows:                                             

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
TABLE 3 - A 
Hypothetical (Adjusted Historical) Average Annual Total Returns/(1)/
(Assuming A Surrender Charge, Guaranteed Minimum Income Benefit or Tax Relief   
Rider)  
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Double Enhanced Death Benefit 
(Total Variable Account Annual Expenses: 1.45%) 
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                                                        [Enlarge/Download Table]

                                                                                               Corresponding    
                                                                                10 Year          Portfolio      
 Portfolio                                              1 Year     5 Year    or Inception     Inception Date    
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Appreciation.........................................                                          April 5, 1993   
 Balanced.............................................                                            May 1, 1997   
 Disciplined Stock....................................                                         April 30, 1996   
 Growth and Income....................................                                            May 2, 1994   
 International Equity.................................                                            May 2, 1994   
 International Value..................................                                            May 1, 1996   
 Limited Term High Income.............................                                         April 30, 1997   
 Quality Bond.........................................                                        August 31, 1990   
 Small Cap............................................                                        August 31, 1990   
 Small Company Stock..................................                                            May 1, 1996   
 Special Value........................................                                        August 31, 1990   
 Stock Index..........................................                                     September 29, 1989   
 Socially Responsible Growth Fund.....................                                        October 7, 1993   
 Core Bond............................................                                            May 1, 2000   
 Core Value...........................................                                            May 1, 1998   
 Emerging Leaders.....................................                                      December 15, 1999   
 Emerging Markets.....................................                                      December 15, 1999   
 European Equity......................................                                         April 30, 1999   
 Founders Discovery...................................                                      December 15, 1999   
 Founders Growth......................................                                     September 30, 1998   
 Founders International Equity........................                                     September 30, 1998   
 Founders Passport....................................                                     September 30, 1998   
 Japan................................................                                      December 15, 1999   
 MidCap Stock.........................................                                            May 1, 1998   
 Technology Growth....................................                                        August 31, 1999   
 Transamerica VIF Growth..............................                                      February 26, 1969   
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
+Ten Year Date                                                                                                  
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

47

P-->485APOS49th Page of 117TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 49th
                                                        [Enlarge/Download Table]

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 
                                                    TABLE 3 - B                                                 
                          Hypothetical (Adjusted Historical) Average Annual Total Returns/(1)/                  
                (Assuming A Surrender Charge, Guaranteed Minimum Income Benefit or Tax Relief Rider)            
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 
                                           Return of Premium Death Benefit                                      
                                   (Total Variable Account Annual Expenses: 1.30%)                              
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 

                                                                                               Corresponding    
                                                                                10 Year          Portfolio      
Portfolio                                               1 Year     5 Year    or Inception     Inception Date    
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Appreciation...........................................                                      April 5, 1993      
Balanced...............................................                                       May 1, 1997       
Disciplined Stock......................................                                     April 30, 1996      
Growth and Income......................................                                       May 2, 1994       
International Equity...................................                                       May 2, 1994       
International Value....................................                                       May 1, 1996       
Limited Term High Income...............................                                     April 30, 1997      
Quality Bond...........................................                                     August 31, 1990     
Small Cap..............................................                                     August 31, 1990     
Small Company Stock....................................                                       May 1, 1996       
Special Value..........................................                                     August 31, 1990     
Stock Index............................................                                   September 29, 1989    
Socially Responsible Growth Fund.......................                                     October 7, 1993     
Core Bond..............................................                                       May 1, 2000       
Core Value.............................................                                       May 1, 1998       
Emerging Leaders.......................................                                    December 15, 1999    
Emerging Markets.......................................                                    December 15, 1999    
European Equity........................................                                     April 30, 1999      
Founders Discovery.....................................                                    December 15, 1999    
Founders Growth........................................                                   September 30, 1998    
Founders International Equity..........................                                   September 30, 1998    
Founders Passport......................................                                   September 30, 1998    
Japan..................................................                                    December 15, 1999    
MidCap Stock...........................................                                       May 1, 1998       
Technology Growth......................................                                     August 31, 1999     
Transamerica VIF Growth................................                                    February 26, 1969    
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
+Ten Year Date                                                                                                  
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

(1)  The calculation of total return performance for periods prior to inception 
of the subaccounts reflects deductions for the mortality and expense  
risk fee and administrative charge on a monthly basis, rather than on 
     a daily basis. The monthly deduction is made at the beginning of each month
    and generally approximates the performance that would have resulted if the
subaccounts had actually been in existence since the inception of the 
portfolio.                                                            

The figures in the above tables may reflect waiver of advisory fees and         
reimbursement of other expenses. In the absence of such waivers, the average    
annual total return figures above would have been lower.  (See the Fee Table.)  

48

P-->485APOS50th Page of 117TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 50th
                                                        [Enlarge/Download Table]


--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 
                                                        TABLE 4 - A                                             
                              Hypothetical (Adjusted Historical) Average Annual Total Returns/(1)/              
                   (Assuming No Surrender Charge, Guaranteed Minimum Income Benefit or Tax Relief Rider)        
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 
                                               Double Enhanced Death Benefit                                    
                                      (Total Variable Account Annual Expenses: 1.45%)                           
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 
                                                                                              Corresponding     
                                                                                10 Year          Portfolio      
Portfolio                                              1 Year     5 Year    or Inception     Inception Date     
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 

Appreciation.........................................                                        April 5, 1993      
Balanced.............................................                                         May 1, 1997       
Disciplined Stock....................................                                       April 30, 1996      
Growth and Income....................................                                         May 2, 1994       
International Equity.................................                                         May 2, 1994       
International Value..................................                                         May 1, 1996       
Limited Term High Income.............................                                       April 30, 1997      
Quality Bond.........................................                                       August 31, 1990     
Small Cap............................................                                       August 31, 1990     
Small Company Stock..................................                                         May 1, 1996       
Special Value........................................                                       August 31, 1990     
Stock Index..........................................                                     September 29, 1989    
Socially Responsible Growth Fund.....................                                       October 7, 1993     
Core Bond............................................                                         May 1, 2000       
Core Value...........................................                                         May 1, 1998       
Emerging Leaders.....................................                                      December 15, 1999    
Emerging Markets.....................................                                      December 15, 1999    
European Equity......................................                                       April 30, 1999      
Founders Discovery...................................                                      December 15, 1999    
Founders Growth......................................                                     September 30, 1998    
Founders International Equity........................                                     September 30, 1998    
Founders Passport....................................                                     September 30, 1998    
Japan................................................                                      December 15, 1999    
MidCap Stock.........................................                                         May 1, 1998       
Technology Growth....................................                                       August 31, 1999     
Transamerica VIF Growth..............................                                      February 26, 1969    
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
+Ten Year Date                                                                                                  
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

49

P-->485APOS51st Page of 117TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 51st
                                                        [Enlarge/Download Table]


----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                      TABLE 4 - B                                               
                            Hypothetical (Adjusted Historical) Average Annual Total Returns/(1)/                
                 (Assuming No Surrender Charge, Guaranteed Minimum Income Benefit or Tax Relief  Rider)         
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                             Return of Premium Death Benefit                                    
                                     (Total Variable Account Annual Expenses: 1.30%)                            
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                                               Corresponding    
                                                                                10 Year          Portfolio      
                         Portfolio                      1 Year     5 Year    or Inception     Inception Date    
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Appreciation..........................................                                      April 5, 1993       
Balanced..............................................                                       May 1, 1997        
Disciplined Stock.....................................                                      April 30, 1996      
Growth and Income.....................................                                       May 2, 1994        
International Equity..................................                                       May 2, 1994        
International Value...................................                                       May 1, 1996        
Limited Term High Income..............................                                      April 30, 1997      
Quality Bond..........................................                                     August 31, 1990      
Small Cap.............................................                                     August 31, 1990      
Small Company Stock...................................                                       May 1, 1996        
Special Value.........................................                                     August 31, 1990      
Stock Index...........................................                                    September 29, 1989    
Socially Responsible Growth Fund......................                                     October 7, 1993      
Core Bond.............................................                                       May 1, 2000        
Core Value............................................                                       May 1, 1998        
Emerging Leaders......................................                                    December 15, 1999     
Emerging Markets......................................                                    December 15, 1999     
European Equity.......................................                                      April 30, 1999      
Founders Discovery....................................                                    December 15, 1999     
Founders Growth.......................................                                    September 30, 1998    
Founders International Equity.........................                                    September 30, 1998    
Founders Passport.....................................                                    September 30, 1998    
Japan.................................................                                    December 15, 1999     
MidCap Stock..........................................                                       May 1, 1998        
Technology Growth.....................................                                     August 31, 1999      
Transamerica VIF Growth...............................                                    February 26, 1969     
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
+Ten Year Date                                                                                                  
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

(1)  The calculation of total return performance for periods prior to inception 
of the subaccounts reflects deductions for the mortality and expense  
risk fee and administrative charge on a monthly basis, rather than on 
     a daily basis. The monthly deduction is made at the beginning of each month
    and generally approximates the performance that would have resulted if the
subaccounts had actually been in existence since the inception of the 
portfolio.                                                            

The figures in the above tables may reflect waiver of advisory fees and         
reimbursement of other expenses. In the absence of such waivers, the average    
annual total return figures above would have been lower.  (See the Fee Table.)  

50

P-->485APOS52nd Page of 117TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 52nd
APPENDIX C  
CONTRACT VARIATIONS 

The dates shown below are the approximate first issue dates of the various      
versions of the contract. These dates will vary by state in many cases. This    
Appendix describes certain of the more significant differences in features of   
the various versions of the contract. There may be additional variations. Please
see your actual contract and any attachments for determining your specific      
coverage.                                                                       

                                                        [Enlarge/Download Table]

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Contract Form/Endorsement                                                      Approximate First Issue Date                 
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                                                                            
GNC-33-194 (Contract Form)                                                     January 1993                                 
AV969 101 145 901 (Contract Form)                                              May 1, 2002                                  
RGMI 16 1101 (GMIB Rider)                                                      May 1, 2002                                  
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

51

P-->485APOS53rd Page of 117TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 53rd
-------------------------------------------------------------------             
Product Feature                   GNC-33-194                                    
-------------------------------------------------------------------             
Excess Interest Adjustment        Yes                                           
-------------------------------------------------------------------             
Guaranteed Minimum Death          Greater of 5% Annually                        
Benefit Option(s)                 Compounding through age 85                    
                 Death Benefit or Annual Step-
           Up through age 85 Death
                Benefit (with a cap of 200%)
-------------------------------------------------------------------             
Guaranteed Period Options         1, 3, 5 and seven guaranteed                  
(available in the fixed account)  periods available.                            
-------------------------------------------------------------------             
Minimum effective annual          3%                                            
interest rate applicable to                                                     
the fixed account                                                               
-------------------------------------------------------------------             
Asset Rebalancing                 Yes                                           
-------------------------------------------------------------------             
Death Proceeds                    Greatest of (1) the account                   
                value; or (2) the guaranteed
               minimum death benefit, plus
                additional purchase payments
              received, less any partial
                  withdrawals and any applicable
                  premium taxes from the date of
                death to the date of payment
          of the death proceeds.
-------------------------------------------------------------------             
Distribution Financing Charge     N/A                                           

-------------------------------------------------------------------             
Is Mortality & Expense Risk       No                                            
Fee different after the                                                         
annuity date?                                                                   
-------------------------------------------------------------------             
Dollar Cost Averaging Fixed       Yes                                           
Account Option                                                                  
-------------------------------------------------------------------             
Service Charge                    Assessed at the end of each                   
            contract year before the
                annuity date and at the time
               of surrender; Waived if the
                 account value exceeds $50,000
               on the last business day of
               the contract year or at the
            time of surrender.  This
              service charge is deducted
                 pro-rate from each investment
option.     
-------------------------------------------------------------------             
Nursing Care and Terminal         Yes                                           
Condition Withdrawal Option                                                   
-------------------------------------------------------------------             
Unemployment Waiver               No                                            
-------------------------------------------------------------------             
Guaranteed Minimum Income         Yes                                           
Benefit                                                                       
-------------------------------------------------------------------             
Tax Relief Rider                  Yes                                           
-------------------------------------------------------------------             

52

P-->485APOS54th Page of 117TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 54th
THE DREYFUS/TRANSAMERICA TRIPLE ADVANTAGE(R) VARIABLE ANNUITY   

Issued by 

TRANSAMERICA OCCIDENTAL LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY 

Supplement Dated May 1, 2002  
to the  
Prospectus dated May 1, 2002
FOR NEW JERSEY ONLY 

For New Jersey residents, the optional guaranteed minimum income benefit is as  
described in this supplement and not as described in the prospectus.            

Guaranteed Minimum Income Benefit                                               

The optional guaranteed minimum income benefit ("GMIB") rider assures you of a  
minimum level of income in the future by guaranteeing you a minimum             
annuitization value (discussed below). You may elect to purchase this benefit,  
which provides a minimum amount you will have to apply to a GMIB payment option.
Furthermore, if you elect the guaranteed minimum payment option, you will be    
guaranteed a minimum level of payments once you begin to receive them.  By      
electing this benefit, you can participate in the gains of the underlying       
variable investment options you select while knowing that you are guaranteed a  
minimum level of income in the future, regardless of the performance of the     
underlying variable investment options.  The GMIB will not be issued if you are 
81 years old or older.                                                          

You can annuitize under the GMIB (subject to the conditions described below) at 
the greater of the account value or the minimum annuitization value (subject to 
any applicable adjustment).                                                     

Minimum Annuitization Value. If you add the GMIB  in the first contract year,   
---------------------------                                                     
the minimum annuitization value on the rider date (i.e., the date the rider is  
added to the contract) is the total purchase payments paid less any prior       
withdrawals.  If you add the GMIB  after the first contract year, the minimum   
annuitization value on the rider date is the account value.                     

After the rider date, the minimum annuitization value is equal to the greater   
of:                                                                             
.  the greater of the minimum annuitization value on the Rider Date or the    
 largest account value on any rider anniversary, prior to the earlier of any
  owner's or annuitant's 86/th/ birthday, adjusted for any subsequent purchase
payments (less the sum of all subsequent withdrawals adjusted as described
below and any premium taxes); or                                          
.  the minimum annuitization value on the rider date, plus the sum of all     
 purchase payments received after the rider date, less withdrawals (adjusted
as described below) and premium taxes, plus interest thereon, equal to the
annual effective interest rate specified on page one of the rider, up to: 
  a)  the rider anniversary prior to the earlier of any owner's or annuitant's
86/th/ birthday; or                                               
  b)  the date the sum of all purchase payments, (less the sum of all adjusted
  withdrawals and premium taxes), together with credited interest, has
grown to two times the amount of all purchase payments, (less all 
  adjusted withdrawals and premium taxes) as a result of such interest
accumulation, if earlier.                                         

Please note that if you annuitize using the GMIB on any date other than the  30-
day period following a rider anniversary, there may be a downward adjustment to 
your minimum annuitization value.  However, if you annuitize within  the 30-day 
period following any rider anniversary, no adjustment will be made.  (See       
"Minimum Annuitization Value Adjustment" below.)                                

This Prospectus Supplement must be accompanied  
by the Prospectus for 

 The Dreyfus/Transamerica Triple Advantage(R) Variable Annuity dated
May 1, 2002       

P-->485APOS55th Page of 117TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 55th
Withdrawals may reduce the minimum annuitization value on a basis greater than  
dollar-for-dollar. (See the SAI for more information.)                          

The minimum annuitization value may only be used to annuitize using the GMIB    
payment options and may not be used with any of the other annuity payment       
options listed in the prospectus. The GMIB payment options are:                 
.  Life Income--An election may be made for "No Period Certain" or "10 Years  
  Certain". In the event of the death of the annuitant prior to the end of the
chosen period certain, the remaining period certain payments will be      
continued to the beneficiary.                                             
.  Joint and Full Survivor--An election may be made for "No Period Certain" or
  "10 Years Certain". Payments will be made as long as either the annuitant or
joint annuitant is living. In the event of the death of both the annuitant
and joint annuitant prior to the end of the chosen period certain, the    
remaining period certain payments will be continued to the beneficiary.   

Note Carefully:                                                                 
IF:                                                                             
 .  You chose Life Income with No Period Certain or Joint and Full Survivor with
No Period Certain; and                                                    
 . The annuitant(s) dies before the due date of the second (third, fourth, etc.)
annuity payment;                                                          
THEN:                                                                           
.  We will make only one (two, three, etc.) annuity payments.                 

Please note that if you annuitize using the GMIB before the 7/th/ rider         
anniversary, the first payment will be calculated with an annuity factor age    
adjustment.  (See "Annuity Factor Age Adjustment" below.)                       

Minimum Annuitization Value Adjustment.  If you annuitize under the GMIB on any 
--------------------------------------                                          
date after a 30-day period following a rider anniversary, the minimum           
annuitization value will be adjusted downward if your account value (plus any   
purchase payments made and minus any amounts withdrawn from your account value  
since the last rider anniversary) is less than the account value on the last    
rider anniversary or Rider Date (plus any purchase payments made and minus any  
amounts withdrawn from your account value since the last rider anniversary or   
Rider Date).                                                                    

The adjusted minimum annuitization value will equal:                            
.  the account value on the date you annuitize; plus                          
 .  the minimum annuitization value on the most recent rider anniversary (or the
rider date for annuitizations within the first rider year); minus         
 . the account value on the most recent rider anniversary (or the rider date for
annuitizations within the first rider year).                              

The minimum annuitization value will not be adjusted if:                        
.  you annuitize within 30 days following a rider anniversary; or             
.  your account value (plus any purchase payments made and minus any amounts  
 withdrawn from your account value since the last rider anniversary) is more
than the account value on last rider anniversary (or the rider date for   
annuitizations within the first rider year).                              

Annuity Factor Age Adjustment.  If you annuitize using the GMIB before the 7/th/
-----------------------------                                                   
rider anniversary, the first payment will be calculated with an annuity factor  
age adjustment resulting in lower payments than if an annuity factor age        
adjustment was not used. (See the SAI for information concerning the calculation
of the initial payment.) The age adjustment shown in the table below should be  
subtracted from your current age.  The age adjustment is as follows:            

----------------------------------------------  
Number of Years                               
Since the                                 
Rider Date            Age Adjustment      
----------------------------------------------  
0-1                        7          
----------------------------------------------  
1-2                        6          
----------------------------------------------  
2-3                        5          
----------------------------------------------  
3-4                        4          
----------------------------------------------  
4-5                        3          
----------------------------------------------  
5-6                        2          
----------------------------------------------  
6-7                        1          
----------------------------------------------  
7                         0           
----------------------------------------------  

  Please note that the minimum annuitization value is used solely to calculate
 the GMIB annuity payments. The GMIB does not establish or guarantee account
   value or guarantee performance of any investment option. Because this benefit
   is based on conservative actuarial factors, the level of lifetime income that
it guarantees may be less than the level that would be provided by        
application of the account value at otherwise applicable adjusted annuity 
   factors. Therefore, the GMIB should be regarded as a safety net. The costs of
   annuitizing under the GMIB include the guaranteed minimum payment fee (if the
guaranteed minimum payment option is elected), and also the lower         

P-->485APOS56th Page of 117TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 56th
 payout levels inherent in the annuity tables used for those minimum payouts
   (which may also include an annuity factor age adjustment). These costs should
be balanced against the benefits of a minimum payout level.               

Benefits and fees under the GMIB rider (the rider fee and the guaranteed minimum
payment fee) are guaranteed not to change after the rider is added. However, all
of these benefits and fees may change if you elect to upgrade the minimum       
annuitization value.                                                            

Minimum Annuitization Value Upgrade. You can upgrade your minimum annuitization 
-----------------------------------                                             
value to the account value at any time before your 88th birthday. For your      
convenience, we will put the last date to upgrade on page one of the rider.     

If you upgrade:                                                                 
.  the current rider will terminate and a new one will be issued with its own 
specified guaranteed benefits and fees; and                               
.  the new rider's specified benefits and fees may not be as advantageous as  
before.                                                                   

It generally will not be to your advantage to upgrade unless your account value 
exceeds your minimum annuitization value at that time.                          

Conditions of Exercise of the Guaranteed Minimum Income Benefit. You can        
---------------------------------------------------------------                 
annuitize using the GMIB at any time. You cannot, however, annuitize using the  
GMIB after your 95th birthday. For your convenience, we will put the last date  
to annuitize using the GMIB on page one of the rider.                           

Note Carefully:                                                                 
.  If you annuitize at any time other than within a 30-day  period following a
rider anniversary, there may be a negative adjustment to your minimum     
annuitization value.  (See "Minimum Annuitization Value Adjustment.")     

.  If you annuitize before the 7th rider anniversary there will be an annuity 
factor age adjustment.  (See "Annuity Factor Age Adjustment.")            

Guaranteed Minimum Payment Option.  If you choose the guaranteed minimum payment
---------------------------------                                               
option on the election date, annuity payments are guaranteed to never be less   
than the initial payment. (See the SAI for information concerning the           
calculation of the initial payment.) The payments will also be "stabilized" or  
held constant during each year.                                                 

During the first year after annuitizing using the guaranteed minimum payment    
option, each stabilized payment will equal the initial payment. On each         
anniversary thereafter, the stabilized payment will increase or decrease        
depending on the performance of the investment options you selected (but will   
never be less than the initial payment), and then be held constant at that      
amount for that year. The stabilized payment on each anniversary will equal the 
greater of the initial payment or the payment supportable by the annuity units  
in the selected investment options. (See the SAI for additional information     
concerning stabilized payments.)                                                

Guaranteed Minimum Income Benefit Rider Fee. A rider fee, currently 0.35% of the
-------------------------------------------                                     
minimum annuitization value on the contract anniversary, is charged annually    
prior to annuitization. We will also charge this fee if you take a complete     
withdrawal. The rider fee is deducted from each variable investment option in   
proportion to the amount of account value in each subaccount.                   

Guaranteed Minimum Payment Option Fee. A guaranteed minimum payment option fee, 
--------------------------------------                                          
currently equal to an effective annual rate of 1.25% of the daily net asset     
value in the separate account, is reflected in the amount of the variable       
payments you receive if you annuitize under the GMIB rider and choose the       
guaranteed minimum payment option. The guaranteed payment fee is included on    
page one of the rider.                                                          

Termination. The GMIB will terminate upon the earliest of the following:        
------------                                                                    
.  the date we receive written notice from you requesting termination of the  
GMIB;                                                                     
.  annuitization (you will still get guaranteed minimum stabilized payments if
you annuitize using the minimum annuitization value under the GMIB and you
select the guaranteed minimum payment option);                            
.  upgrade of the minimum annuitization value (although we will issue a new   
rider to you );                                                           
.  termination of your contract; or                                           
.  30 days after the last date to elect the benefit as shown on page 1 of the 
rider.                                                                    

P-->485APOS57th Page of 117TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 57th
STATEMENT OF ADDITIONAL INFORMATION 
DREYFUS/TRANSAMERICA TRIPLE ADVANTAGE(R)  
VARIABLE ANNUITY  

Issued through  

SEPARATE ACCOUNT VA-2L  

Offered by  

TRANSAMERICA OCCIDENTAL LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY 

This statement of additional information expands upon subjects discussed in the 
current prospectus for the Dreyfus/Transamerica Triple Advantage(R) Variable    
Annuity offered by Transamerica Occidental Life Insurance Company. You may      
obtain a copy of the prospectus dated May 1, 2002 by calling 1-877-717-8861, or 
by writing to the Annuity Service Center, 4333 Edgewood Road N.E., Cedar Rapids,
Iowa 52499-0001. Terms used in the current prospectus for the contract are      
incorporated in this Statement of Additional Information.                       

This Statement of Additional Information (SAI) is not a prospectus and should be
read only in conjunction with the prospectuses for the contract and the         
underlying fund portfolios.                                                     

Dated: May 1, 2002                                                              

P-->485APOS58th Page of 117TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 58th
TABLE OF CONTENTS 

                                                        [Enlarge/Download Table]

                                                                                                     Page
                                                                                                     ----

GLOSSARY OF TERMS...................................................................................     
THE CONTRACT--GENERAL PROVISIONS....................................................................     
Owner.............................................................................................     
  Entire Contract...................................................................................     
  Misstatement of Age or Sex........................................................................     
  Addition, Deletion or Substitution of Investments.................................................     
  Excess Interest Adjustment........................................................................     
  Reallocation of Variable Annuity Units After the Annuity Date.....................................     
  Annuity Payment Options...........................................................................     
  Death Benefit.....................................................................................     
  Death of Owner....................................................................................     
  Assignment........................................................................................     
  Evidence of Survival..............................................................................     
  Non-Participating ................................................................................     
  Amendments........................................................................................     
  Employee and Agent Purchases......................................................................     
  Present Value of Future Variable Payments.........................................................     
  Stabilized Payments...............................................................................     
CERTAIN FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSEQUENCES.............................................................     
  Tax Status of the Contract........................................................................     
  Taxation of Transamerica..........................................................................     
INVESTMENT EXPERIENCE...............................................................................     
  Variable Accumulation Units.......................................................................     
  Variable Annuity Unit Value and Annuity Payment Rates.............................................     
GUARANTEED MINIMUM INCOME BENEFIT--ADDITIONAL INFORMATION...........................................     
TAX RELIEF RIDER--ADDITIONAL INFORMATION............................................................     
HISTORICAL PERFORMANCE DATA.........................................................................     
Money Market Yields...............................................................................     
  Other Subaccount Yields...........................................................................     
  Total Returns.....................................................................................     
  Other Performance Data............................................................................     
  Adjusted Historical Performance Data..............................................................     
PUBLISHED RATINGS...................................................................................     
STATE REGULATION OF TRANSAMERICA....................................................................     
ADMINISTRATION......................................................................................     
RECORDS AND REPORTS.................................................................................     
DISTRIBUTION OF THE CONTRACTS.......................................................................     
VOTING RIGHTS.......................................................................................     
OTHER PRODUCTS......................................................................................     
CUSTODY OF ASSETS...................................................................................     
LEGAL MATTERS.......................................................................................     
INDEPENDENT AUDITORS................................................................................     
OTHER INFORMATION...................................................................................     
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS................................................................................     

2 

P-->485APOS59th Page of 117TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 59th
GLOSSARY OF TERMS 

Account Value--On or before the annuity date, the account value is equal to the
owner's:                                                                        
.  purchase payments; minus                                                   
.  partial surrenders (including the net effect any applicable excess interest
adjustments and/or surrender charges on such surrenders); plus            
.  interest credited in the fixed account; plus                               
.  accumulated gains in the variable account; minus                           
.  losses in the variable account; minus                                      
.  service charges, premium taxes, rider fees, and transfer fees, if any.     

Adjusted Account Value--An amount equal to the account value increased or       
decreased by any excess interest adjustments.                                   

Administrative and Service Office--Annuity Service Center, Transamerica         
Occidental Life Insurance Company, 4333 Edgewood Road N.E., Cedar Rapids, Iowa
52499-0001.                                                                     

Annuitant--The person during whose life any annuity payments involving life     
contingencies will continue.                                                    

Annuity Date--The date upon which annuity payments are to commence. This date   
may be any date at least thirty days after the contract date and may not be     
later than the last day of the contract month starting after the annuitant      
attains age 85, except as expressly allowed by Transamerica. In no event will   
this date be later than the last day of the month following the month in which  
the annuitant attains age 95.                                                   

Annuity Payment--An amount paid by Transamerica at regular intervals to the     
annuitant and/or any other payee specified by the owner.  It may be on a        
variable or fixed basis.                                                        

Annuity Unit--An accounting unit of measure used in the calculation of the      
amount of the second and each subsequent variable annuity payment.              

Beneficiary--The person who has the right to the death benefit as set forth in  
the contract.                                                                   

Business Day--A day when the New York Stock Exchange is open for business.      

Cash Value-- The adjusted account value less any applicable surrender charge and
any rider fees (imposed upon surrender).                                        

Code--The Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.                            

Contract Year--A contract year begins on the date in which the contract becomes 
effective and on each contract anniversary thereof.                             

Enrollment form--A written application, order form, or any other information    
received electronically or otherwise upon which the contract is issued and/or is
reflected on the data or specifications page.                                   

Excess Interest Adjustment--A positive or negative adjustment to amounts        
surrendered (both partial and full surrenders and transfers) or applied to      
annuity payment options from the fixed account guaranteed period options prior  
to the end of the guaranteed period. The adjustment reflects changes in the     
interest rates declared by Transamerica since the date any payment was received 
by (or an amount was transferred to) the guaranteed period option. The excess   
interest adjustment can either decrease or increase the amount to be received by
the owner upon surrender (either full or partial) or commencement of annuity    
payments, depending upon whether there has been an increase or decrease in      
interest rates, respectively.                                                   

Fixed Account--One or more investment choices under the contract that are part  
of Transamerica's general assets and which are not in the variable account.     

3 

P-->485APOS60th Page of 117TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 60th
Guaranteed Period Options--The various guaranteed interest rate periods of the  
fixed account, which Transamerica may offer, into which purchase payments may   
be paid or amounts may be transferred.                                          

Nonqualified Contract--A contract other than a qualified contract.              

Owner-- The person who may exercise all rights and privileges under the         
contract. The owner during the lifetime of the annuitant and prior to the       
annuity date is the person designated as the owner or a successor owner in the  
information that we require to issue a contract.                                

Purchase Payment--An amount paid to Transamerica by the owner or on the owner's 
behalf as consideration for the benefits provided by the contract.              

Qualified Contract--A contract issued in connection with retirement plans that  
qualify for special federal income tax treatment under the Code.                

Service Charge--An annual charge on each contract anniversary (and a charge at  
the time of surrender during any contract year) for contract maintenance and    
related administrative expenses. This annual charge is $35, but will not exceed 
2% of the account value.                                                        

Subaccount--A subdivision within the variable account, the assets of which are  
invested in a specified portfolio of the underlying funds.                      

Surrender Charge--A percentage of each purchase payment in an amount from 7% to 
0% depending upon the length of time from the date of each purchase payment. The
surrender charge is assessed on full or partial surrenders from the contract.   
The surrender charge may also be referred to as a "contingent deferred sales    
charge."                                                                        

Valuation Period--The period of time from one determination of variable         
accumulation unit values and annuity unit values to the next subsequent         
determination of values. Such determination shall be made on each business day. 

Variable Account--Separate Account VA-2L, a separate account established and    
registered as a unit investment trust under the Investment Company Act of 1940  
(the "1940 Act"), as amended, to which purchase payments under the contracts may
be allocated.                                                                   

Variable Accumulation Unit--An accounting unit of measure used to determine the 
account value in the variable account before the annuity date.                  

Variable Annuity Payments--Payments made pursuant to an annuity payment option  
which fluctuate as to dollar amount or payment term in relation to the          
investment performance of the specified subaccounts within the variable account.

Written Notice or Written Request--Written notice, signed by the owner, that    
gives Transamerica the information it requires and is received at the           
administrative and service office. For some transactions, Transamerica may      
accept an electronic notice such as telephone instructions. Such electronic     
notice must meet the requirements Transamerica establishes for such notices.    

4 

P-->485APOS61st Page of 117TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 61st
In order to supplement the description in the prospectus, the following provides
additional information about Transamerica and the contract, which may be of     
interest to a prospective purchaser.                                            

THE POLICY--GENERAL PROVISIONS  

Owner                                                                           

The contract shall belong to the owner upon issuance of the contract after      
completion of an enrollment form and delivery of the initial purchase payment.  
While the annuitant is living, the owner may: (1) assign the contract; (2)      
surrender the contract; (3) amend or modify the contract with Transamerica's    
consent; (4) receive annuity payments or name a payee to receive the payments;  
and (5) exercise, receive and enjoy every other right and benefit contained in  
the contract. The exercise of these rights may be subject to the consent of any 
assignee or irrevocable beneficiary; and of your spouse in a community or       
marital property state.                                                         

Unless Transamerica has been notified of a community or marital property        
interest in the contract, it will rely on its good faith belief that no such    
interest exists and will assume no responsibility for inquiry.                  

Note carefully. If the owner dies and no joint owner, primary beneficiary or    
--------------                                                                  
contingent beneficiary is alive or in existence on the date of death, the       
owner's estate will become the new owner. If no probate estate is opened because
the owner has precluded the opening of a probate estate by means of a trust or  
other instrument, that trust may not exercise ownership rights to the contract. 
It may be necessary to open a probate estate in order to exercise ownership     
rights to the contract.                                                         

The owner may change the ownership of the contract in a written notice. When    
this change takes effect, all rights of ownership in the contract will pass to  
the new owner. A change of ownership may have tax consequences.                 

When there is a change of owner or successor owner, the change will not be      
effective until it is recorded in our records.  Once recorded, it will take     
effect as of the date the owner signs the written notice, subject to any payment
Transamerica has made or action Transamerica has taken before recording the     
change. Changing the owner or naming a new successor owner cancels any prior    
choice of successor owner, but does not change the designation of the           
beneficiary or the annuitant.                                                   

If ownership is transferred (except to the owner's spouse) because the owner    
dies before the annuitant, the cash value generally must be distributed to the  
successor owner within five years of the owner's death, or payments must be made
for a period certain or for the successor owner's lifetime so long as any period
certain does not exceed that successor owner's life expectancy, if the first    
payment begins within one year of your death.                                   

Entire Contract                                                                 

The contract, any endorsements thereon, the enrollment form, or information     
provided in lieu thereof, constitute the entire contract between Transamerica   
and the owner. All statements in the enrollment form are representations and not
warranties. No statement will cause the contract to be void or to be used in    
defense of a claim unless contained in the enrollment form or information       
provided in lieu thereof.                                                       

Misstatement of Age or Sex                                                      

If the age or sex of the annuitant or owner has been misstated, Transamerica    
will change the annuity benefit payable to that which the purchase payments     
would have purchased for the correct age or sex. The dollar amount of any       
underpayment made by Transamerica shall be paid in full with the next payment   
due such person or the beneficiary. The dollar amount of any overpayment made by
Transamerica due to any misstatement shall be deducted from payments            
subsequently accruing to such person or beneficiary. Any underpayment or        
overpayment will include interest at 5% per year, from the date of the wrong    
payment to the date of the adjustment. The age of the annuitant or owner may be 
established at any time by the submission of proof satisfactory to Transamerica.

5 

P-->485APOS62nd Page of 117TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 62nd
Addition, Deletion, or Substitution of Investments                              

Transamerica cannot and does not guarantee that any of the subaccounts will     
always be available for purchase payments, allocations, or transfers.           
Transamerica retains the right, subject to any applicable law, to make certain  
changes in the variable account and its investments. Transamerica reserves the  
right to eliminate the shares of any portfolio held by a subaccount and to      
substitute shares of another portfolio of the underlying funds, or of another   
registered open-end management investment company for the shares of any         
portfolio, if the shares of the portfolio are no longer available for investment
or if, in Transamerica's judgment, investment in any portfolio would be         
inappropriate in view of the purposes of the variable account. To the extent    
required by the 1940 Act, as amended, substitutions of shares attributable to   
your interest in a subaccount will not be made without prior notice to you and  
the prior approval of the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC"). Nothing   
contained herein shall prevent the variable account from purchasing other       
securities for other series or classes of variable annuity contracts, or from   
effecting an exchange between series or classes of variable annuity contracts on
the basis of your requests.                                                     

New subaccounts may be established when, in the sole discretion of Transamerica,
marketing, tax, investment or other conditions warrant. Any new subaccounts may 
be made available to existing owners on a basis to be determined by             
Transamerica. Each additional subaccount will purchase shares in a mutual fund  
portfolio, other investment vehicle. Transamerica may also eliminate one or more
subaccounts if, in its sole discretion, marketing, tax, investment or other     
conditions warrant such change. In the event any subaccount is eliminated,      
Transamerica will notify you and request a reallocation of the amounts invested 
in the eliminated subaccount. If no such reallocation is provided by you,       
Transamerica will reinvest the amounts in the subaccount that invests in the    
Money Market Portfolio (or in a similar portfolio of money market instruments), 
in another subaccount, or in the fixed account, if appropriate.                 

In the event of any such substitution or change, Transamerica may, by           
appropriate endorsement, make such changes in the contracts as may be necessary 
or appropriate to reflect such substitution or change. Furthermore, if deemed to
be in the best interests of persons having voting rights under the contracts,   
the separate account may be (i) operated as a management company under the 1940 
Act or any other form permitted by law, (ii) deregistered under the 1940 Act in 
the event such registration is no longer required or (iii) combined with one or 
more other separate accounts. To the extent permitted by applicable law,        
Transamerica also may transfer the assets of the separate account associated    
with the contracts to another account or accounts.                              

Excess Interest Adjustment                                                      

Money that you surrender, transfer out of, or apply to an annuity payment       
option, from a guaranteed period option of the fixed account before the end of  
its guaranteed period (the number of years you specified the money would remain 
in the guaranteed period option) may be subject to an excess interest           
adjustment. At the time you request a surrender, if interest rates set by       
Transamerica have risen since the date of the initial guarantee, the excess     
interest adjustment will result in a lower cash value. However, if interest     
rates have fallen since the date of the initial guarantee, the excess interest  
adjustment will result in a higher cash value.                                  

Excess interest adjustments will not reduce the adjusted account value for a    
guaranteed period option below the purchase payments and transfers to that      
guaranteed period option, less any prior partial surrenders and transfers from  
the guaranteed period option, plus interest at the contract's minimum guaranteed
effective annual interest rate (currently 2% per year). Also, upon full         
surrender the cash value attributable to the fixed account will not be less than
90% of your fixed account purchase payments and transfers to the fixed account  
accumulated at 3% per year less surrenders and transfers.  This is referred to  
as the excess interest adjustment floor.                                        

The formula that will be used to determine the excess interest adjustment is:   

S* (G-C)* (M/12)  

S = Gross amount being surrendered that is subject to the excess interest       
adjustment                                                              
G = Guaranteed interest rate in effect for the contract                         

6 

P-->485APOS63rd Page of 117TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 63rd
C =  Current guaranteed interest rate then being offered on new purchase        
    payments for the next longer option period than "M". If this contract form
or such an option period is no longer offered, "C" will be the U.S.   
     Treasury rate for the next longer maturity (in whole years) than "M" on the
25th day of the previous calendar month, plus up to 2%.               
M  = Number of months remaining in the current option period, rounded up to the 
next higher whole number of months.                                   
*  = multiplication                                                             
/\ = exponentiation                                                             

Example 1 (Surrender, rates increase by 3%):  

                                                        [Enlarge/Download Table]
                                                                                                                        
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Single purchase payment:                                      $50,000.00                                                
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Guarantee period:                                             5 Years                                                   
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Guarantee rate:                                               5.50% per annum                                           
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Surrender:                                                    Middle of annuity year 2                                  
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Policy value at middle of annuity  year 2                     = 50,000.00 * (1.055)/\ 1.5 = 54,181.21                   
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Cumulative Earnings                                          = 54,181.21 - 50,000.00 = 4,181.21                        
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 10% of Purchase Payments                                     = 50,000.00 * .10 = 5,000.00                              
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Penalty free amount at middle of annuity year 2               = 5,000.00                                                
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
   Amount free of excess interest adjustment                  = 4,181.21                                                
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Amount subject to excess interest adjustment                  = 54,181.21 - 4,181.21 = 50,000.00                        
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Excess interest adjustment floor                              = 50,000.00 * (1.02) /\ 1.5 = 51,507.48                   
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Excess interest adjustment                                                                                              
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
G = .055                                                                                                                
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
C = .085                                                                                                                
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
M = 42                                                                                                                  
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Excess interest adjustment                                    = S* (G-C)* (M/12)                                        
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                              = 50,000.00 * (.055-.085) * (42/12)                       
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                              = -5,250.00, but excess interest adjustment               
                                                              cannot cause the adjusted account value to fall           
                                                              below the excess interest adjustment floor, so the        
                                                              adjustment is limited to 51,507.48 - 54,181.21 = -2,673.73
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Adjusted account value                                        = account value + excess interest adjustment              
                                                              = 54,181.21 + (-2,673.73) = 51,507.48                     
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Portion of penalty-free amount which is deducted from         = cumulative earnings                                     
 cumulative earnings                                          = 4,181.21                                                
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Portion of penalty-free amount which is deducted from         = 5,000 - 4,181.21                                        
 purchase payments                                            = 818.79                                                  
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Surrender charges                                             = (50,000.00 - 818.79)* .07 = 3,442.68                    
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Net surrender value at middle of contract year 2              = 51,507.48 - 3,442.68 = 48,064.80                        
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
The net surrender value of $48,064.80 is greater than the minimum of $47,040.11                                         
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

7 

P-->485APOS64th Page of 117TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 64th
Example 2 (Surrender, rates decrease by 1%):

                                                        [Enlarge/Download Table]
                                                                                                                      
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Single purchase payment:                                       $50,000.00                                             
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Guarantee period:                                              5 Years                                                
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Guarantee rate:                                                5.50% per annum                                        
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Surrender:                                                     Middle of contract year 2                              
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Policy value at middle of contract year 2                      = 50,000.00 * (1.055) /\ 1.5 = 54,181.21               
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Cumulative Earnings                                           = 54,181.21 - 50,000.00 = 4,181.21                     
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
10% of Purchase Payment                                        = 50,000.00 * .10 = 5,000.00                           
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Penalty free amount at middle of contract year 2               = 5,000.00                                             
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
   Amount free of excess interest adjustment                   = 4,181.21                                             
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Amount subject to excess interest adjustment                   = 54,181.21 - 4,181.21 = 50,000.00                     
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Excess interest adjustment floor                               = 50,000.00 * (1.02) /\ 1.5 = 51,507.48                
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Excess interest adjustment                                                                                            
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
G = .055                                                                                                              
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
C = .045                                                                                                              
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
M = 42                                                                                                                
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Excess interest adjustment                                     = S* (G-C)* (M/12)                                     
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                               = 50,000.00 * (.055-.045) * (42/12) = 1,750.00         
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Adjusted account value                                         = 54,181.21 + 1,750.00 = 55,931.21                     
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Portion of penalty-free amount which is deducted from          = cumulative earnings                                  
 cumulative earnings                                           = 4,181.21                                             
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Portion of penalty-free amount which is deducted from          = 5,000.00 - 4,181.21                                  
 purchase payments                                             = 818.79                                               
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Surrender charges                                              = (50,000.00 - 818.79) * .07 = 3,442.68                
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Net surrender value at middle of contract year 2               = 55,931.21 - 3,442.68 = 52,488.53                     
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
The net surrender value of 52,448.53 is greater than the minimum of 47,040.11                                         
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

On a partial surrender, Transamerica will pay the owner the full amount of      
surrender requested (as long as the account value is sufficient). Amounts       
surrendered will reduce the account value by an amount equal to:                

R - E + SC  

R     = the requested partial surrender;                                        
E     = the excess interest adjustment; and                                     
SC    = the surrender charges on (EPW - E); where                               
EPW   = the excess partial surrender amount.                                    

8 

P-->485APOS65th Page of 117TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 65th
Example 3 (Partial Surrender, rates increase by 1%):  

                                                        [Enlarge/Download Table]
                                                                                                                          
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Single purchase payment:                                   $50,000.00                                                     
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Guarantee period:                                          5 Years                                                        
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Guarantee rate:                                            5.50% per annum                                                
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Partial surrender:                                         $20,000 (requested withdrawal amount after penalties); middle  
                                                           of contract year 2                                             
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Policy value at middle of contract year 2                  = 50,000.00 * (1.055) /\ 1.5 = 54,181.21                       
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Cumulative Earnings                                       = 54,181.21 - 50,000.00 = 4,181.21                             
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
10% of Purchase Payment                                    = 50,000.00 * .10 = 5,000.00                                   
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Penalty free amount at middle of contract year 2           = 5,000.00                                                     
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
   Amount free of excess interest adjustment               = 4,181.21                                                     
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Excess interest adjustment/surrender charge                                                                               
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
       S  = 20,000 - 4,181.21 = 15,818.79                                                                                 
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
       G  = .055                                                                                                          
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
       C  = .065                                                                                                          
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
       M  = 42                                                                                                            
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
       E  = 15,818.79 * (.055 - .065) * (42/12) = -553.66                                                                 
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
       EPW  = 20,000.00 - 5,000.00 = 15,000.00                                                                            
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
To receive the full $20,000 partial surrender amount, we                                                                  
must "gross-up" the EPW amount to account for the                                                                         
surrender charges to be deducted.  This is done by                                                                        
dividing the EPW by (1 - surrender charge),                                                                               
New EPW - 15/(1 - .07) = 16,129.03                                                                                        
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
       SC  = .07 * (16,129.03 - (-553.66) = 1,167.79                                                                      
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Remaining account value at middle of contract year 2       = 54,181.21 - (R - E + surrender charge)                       
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                           = 54,181.21 - (20,000.00 - (-553.66) + 1,167.79) = 32,459.76   
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

9 

P-->485APOS66th Page of 117TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 66th
Example 4 (Partial Surrender, rates decrease by 1%):  

                                                        [Enlarge/Download Table]
                                                                                                                                
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Single purchase payment:                                       $50,000.00                                                       
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Guarantee period:                                              5 Years                                                          
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Guarantee rate:                                                5.50% per annum                                                  
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Partial surrender:                                             $20,000; middle of contract year 2                               
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Policy value at middle of contract year 2                      = 50,000.00 * (1.055) /\ 1.5 = 54,181.21                         
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Cumulative Earnings                                           = 54,181.21 - 50,000.00 = 4,181.21                               
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 10% of Purchase Payment                                       = 50,000.00 * .10 = 5,000.00                                     
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Penalty free amount at middle of contract year 2               = 5,000.00                                                       
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Amount free of excess interest adjustment                      = 4,181.21                                                       
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Excess interest adjustment/surrender charge                                                                                     
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------    
  S  = 20,000 - 4,181.21 = 15,818.79                                                                                            
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------    
  G  = .055                                                                                                                     
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------    
  C  = .045                                                                                                                     
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------    
  M  = 42                                                                                                                       
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------    
  E  = 15,818.79 * (.055 - .045)* (42/12) = 553.66                                                                              
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------    
  EPW  = 20,000.00 - 5,000.00 = 15,000.00                                                                                       
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------    
To receive the full $20,000 partial surrender amount, we                                                                        
must "gross-up" the EPW amount to account for the surrender                                                                     
charges to be deducted.  This is done by dividing the EPW                                                                       
by (1 - surrender charge).                                                                                                      
New EPW - 15,000/(1 - .07) = 16,129.03                                                                                          
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------    
  SC  = .07 * (16,129.03 - 553.66) = 1,090.28                                                                                   
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------    
Remaining account value at middle of contract year 2           = 54,181.21 - (R - E + surrender charge)                         
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------    
                                                               = 54,181.21 - (20,000.00 - 553.66 + 1,090.28) = 33,644.59        
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------    

Reallocation of Annuity Units After the Annuity Date                            

After the annuity date, you may reallocate the value of a designated number of  
annuity units of a subaccount then credited to a contract into an equal value of
annuity units of one or more other subaccounts or the fixed account. The        
reallocation shall be based on the relative value of the annuity units of the   
account(s) or subaccount(s) at the end of the business day on the next payment  
date. The minimum amount which may be reallocated is the lesser of (1) $10 of   
monthly income or (2) the entire monthly income of the annuity units in the     
account or subaccount from which the transfer is being made. If the monthly     
income of the annuity units remaining in an account or subaccount after a       
reallocation is less than $10, Transamerica reserves the right to include the   
value of those annuity units as part of the transfer. The request must be in    
writing to Transamerica's administrative and service office. There is no charge 
assessed in connection with such reallocation. A reallocation of annuity units  
may be made up to four times in any given contract year.                        

After the annuity date, no transfers may be made from the fixed account to the  
variable account.                                                               

Annuity Payment Options                                                         

Note:  Portions of the following discussion do not apply to annuity payments    
under the Guaranteed Minimum Income Benefit or Initial Payment Guarantee.  See  
the "Stabilized Payments" section of this SAI.                                  

During the lifetime of the annuitant and prior to the annuity date, the owner   
may choose an annuity payment option or change the election, but written notice 
of any election or change of election must be received by Transamerica at its   
administrative and service office at least thirty (30) days prior to the annuity
date. If no election is made prior to the annuity date, annuity payments will be
made under (i) Payment Option 3, life income with level payments for 10 years   
certain, using the existing adjusted account value of the fixed account, or (ii)
under Payment Option 3, life                                                    

10

P-->485APOS67th Page of 117TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 67th
income with variable payments for 10 years certain using the existing account   
value of the variable account, or (iii) in a combination of (i) and (ii).       

The person who elects an annuity payment option can also name one or more       
successor payees to receive any unpaid amount Transamerica has at the death of a
payee. Naming these payees cancels any prior choice of a successor payee.       

A payee who did not elect the annuity payment option does not have the right to 
advance or assign payments, take the payments in one sum, or make any other     
change. However, the payee may be given the right to do one or more of these    
things if the person who elects the option tells Transamerica in writing and    
Transamerica agrees.                                                            

Variable Payment Options.   The dollar amount of the first variable annuity     
-------------------------                                                       
payment will be determined in accordance with the annuity payment rates set     
forth in the applicable table contained in the contract. For annuity payments   
(other than payments under the Guaranteed Minimum Income Benefit) the tables are
based on a 5% effective annual Assumed Investment Return and the "2000 Table",  
using an assumed annuity date of 2005 (static projection to this point) with    
dynamic projection using scale G from that point (100% of G for male, 50% of G  
for females).  The dollar amount of additional variable annuity payments will   
vary based on the investment performance of the subaccount(s) of the variable   
account selected by the annuitant or beneficiary.                               

Determination of the First Variable Payment.   The amount of the first variable 
--------------------------------------------                                    
payment depends upon the sex (if consideration of sex is allowed under state    
law) and adjusted age of the annuitant. For regular annuity payments, the       
adjusted age is the annuitant's actual age nearest birthday, on the annuity     
date, adjusted as follows:                                                      

                                                                [Download Table]

Annuity Commencement Date          Adjusted Age         
-------------------------          ------------         
                                                        
       Before 2010                  Actual Age          
        2010-2019               Actual Age minus 1      
        2020-2026               Actual Age minus 2      
        2027-2033               Actual Age minus 3      
        2034-2040               Actual Age minus 4      
       After 2040          As determined by Transamerica

This adjustment assumes an increase in life expectancy, and therefore it results
in lower payments than without such an adjustment.                              

Determination of Additional Variable Payments.   All variable annuity payments  
----------------------------------------------                                  
other than the first are calculated using annuity units and are credited to the 
contract. The number of annuity units to be credited in respect of a particular 
subaccount is determined by dividing that portion of the first variable annuity 
payment attributable to that subaccount by the annuity unit value of that       
subaccount on the annuity date. The number of annuity units of each particular  
subaccount credited to the contract then remains fixed, assuming no transfers to
or from that subaccount occur. The dollar value of variable annuity units in the
chosen subaccount will increase or decrease reflecting the investment experience
of the chosen subaccount. The dollar amount of each variable annuity payment    
after the first may increase, decrease or remain constant, and is equal to the  
sum of the amounts determined by multiplying the number of annuity units of each
particular subaccount credited to the contract by the annuity unit value for the
particular subaccount on the date the payment is made.                          

Death Benefit

Adjusted Partial Surrender.   The amount of your guaranteed minimum death       
---------------------------                                                     
benefit is reduced due to a partial surrender called the adjusted partial       
surrender. The reduction amount depends on the relationship between your        
guaranteed minimum death benefit and account value. The adjusted partial        
surrender is equal to (1) multiplied by (2), where:                             
(1) is the amount of the gross partial surrender;                               

11

P-->485APOS68th Page of 117TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 68th
(2) is the adjustment factor = current death benefit prior to the surrender     
divided by the account value prior to the surrender.                    

The following examples describe the effect of a surrender on the guaranteed     
minimum death benefit and account value.                                        

                                                        [Enlarge/Download Table]

---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                      Example 1                                                      
                                             (Assumed Facts for Example)                                             
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                                                                     
$75,000        current guaranteed minimum death benefit before surrender                                             
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
$50,000        current account value before surrender                                                                
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
$75,000        current death benefit (larger of account value, cash value and guaranteed minimum death benefit)      
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
6%             current surrender charge percentage                                                                   
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
$15,000        Requested surrender                                                                                   
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
$ 5,000        Surrender charge-free amount (assumes penalty free surrender is available)                            
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
$10,000        excess partial surrender (amount subject to surrender charge)                                         
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
$   100        excess interest adjustment (assumes interest rates have decreased since initial guarantee)            
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
$   594        Surrender charge on (excess partial surrender less excess interest adjustment)                        
               = 0.06* (10,000 - 100)                                                                                
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
$10,494        Reduction in account value due to excess partial surrender = 10,000 - 100 + 594                       
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
$15,494        Total Gross Partial Surrender = 5,000 + 10,494                                                        
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
$23,241        adjusted partial surrender = 15,494 * (75,000/50,000)                                                 
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
$51,759        New guaranteed minimum death benefit (after surrender) = 75,000 - 23,241                              
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
$34,506        New account value (after surrender) = 50,000 - 15,494                                                 
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Summary:                                                                        
--------                                                                        
Reduction in guaranteed minimum death benefit              = $23,241            
Reduction in account value                                 = $15,494            

Note, guaranteed minimum death benefit is reduced more than the account value   
since the guaranteed minimum death benefit was greater than the account value   
just prior to the surrender.                                                    

                                                        [Enlarge/Download Table]

---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                      Example 2                                                      
                                             (Assumed Facts for Example)                                             
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                                                                     
$50,000        current guaranteed minimum death benefit before surrender                                             
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
$75,000        current account value before surrender                                                                
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
$75,000        current death benefit (larger of account value, cash value and guaranteed minimum death benefit)      
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
6%             current surrender charge percentage                                                                   
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
$15,000        requested surrender                                                                                   
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
$ 7,500        surrender charge-free amount (assumes penalty free surrender is available)                            
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
$ 7,500        excess partial surrender (amount subject to surrender charge)                                         
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
$  -100        excess interest adjustment (assumes interest rates have increased since initial guarantee)            
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
$   456        surrender charge on (excess partial surrender less excess interest adjustment)                        
               = 0.06*[(7500 - (- 100)]                                                                              
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
$ 8,056        reduction in account value due to excess partial surrender                                            
               = 7500 - (- 100) + 456 = 7500 + 100 + 456                                                             
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
$15,556        Total Gross Partial Surrender = 7,500 + 8,056                                                         
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
$15,556        adjusted partial surrender = 15,556 * (75,000/75,000)                                                 
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
$34,444        New guaranteed minimum death benefit (after surrender) = 50,000 - 15,556                              
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
$59,444        New account value (after surrender) = 75,000 - 15,556                                                 
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

12

P-->485APOS69th Page of 117TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 69th
Summary:                                                                        
-------                                                                         
Reduction in guaranteed minimum death benefit              = $15,556            
Reduction in account value                                 = $15,556            

Note, the guaranteed minimum death benefit and account value are reduced by the 
same amount since the account value was higher than the guaranteed minimum death
benefit just prior to the surrender.                                            

Due proof of death of the annuitant is proof that the annuitant died prior to   
the commencement of annuity payments. A certified copy of a death certificate, a
certified copy of a decree of a court of competent jurisdiction as to the       
finding of death, a written statement by the attending physician, or any other  
proof satisfactory to Transamerica will constitute due proof of death.  Upon    
receipt of this proof and an election of a method of settlement and return of   
the contract, the death benefit generally will be paid within seven days, or as 
soon thereafter as Transamerica has sufficient information about the beneficiary
to make the payment. The beneficiary may receive the amount payable in a lump   
sum cash benefit, or, subject to any limitation under any state or federal law, 
rule, or regulation, under one of the annuity payment options described above,  
unless a settlement agreement is effective at the death of the owner preventing 
such election.                                                                  

Distribution Requirements.  If the annuitant dies prior to the annuity date, the
-------------------------                                                       
death benefit must (1) be distributed within five years of the date of the      
deceased's death, or (2) payments under an annuity payment option must begin no 
later than one year after the deceased owner's death and must be made for the   
beneficiary's lifetime or for a period certain (so long as any period certain   
does not exceed the beneficiary's life expectancy). Death proceeds, which are   
not paid to or for the benefit of a natural person, must be distributed within  
five years of the date of the deceased's death. If the sole beneficiary is the  
deceased's surviving spouse, however, such spouse may elect to continue the     
contract as the new annuitant and owner instead of receiving the death benefit. 

If an owner is not an annuitant, and dies prior to the annuity date, the new    
owner may surrender the contract at any time for the amount of the adjusted     
account value. If the new owner is not the deceased owner's spouse, however, the
adjusted account value must be distributed: (1) within five years after the date
of the deceased owner's death, or (2) payments under an annuity payment option  
must begin no later than one year after the deceased owner's death and must be  
made for the new owner's lifetime or for a period certain (so long as any period
certain does not exceed the new owner's life expectancy).  If the sole new owner
is the deceased owner's surviving spouse, such spouse may elect to continue the 
contract as the new owner instead of receiving the death benefit.               

Beneficiary.   The beneficiary designation in the enrollment form will remain in
------------                                                                    
effect until changed. The owner may change the designated beneficiary by sending
written notice to Transamerica. The beneficiary's consent to such change is not 
required unless the beneficiary was irrevocably designated or law requires      
consent. (If an irrevocable beneficiary dies, the owner may then designate a new
beneficiary.) The change will take effect as of the date the owner signs the    
written notice, whether or not the owner is living when the notice is received  
by Transamerica. Transamerica will not be liable for any payment made before the
written notice is received. If more than one beneficiary is designated, and the 
owner fails to specify their interests, they will share equally.  If upon the   
death of the annuitant there is a surviving owner(s), the surviving owner(s)    
automatically takes the place of any beneficiary designations.                  

Death of Owner                                                                  

Federal tax law requires that if any owner (including any joint owner or any    
successor owner who has become a current owner) dies before the annuity date,   
then the entire value of the contract must generally be distributed within five 
years of the date of death of such owner. Certain rules apply where (1) the     
spouse of the deceased owner is the sole beneficiary, (2) the owner is not a    
natural person and the primary annuitant dies or is changed, or (3) any owner   
dies after the annuity date. See "Certain Federal Income Tax Consequences" for  
more information about these rules. Other rules may apply to qualified          
contracts.                                                                      

13

P-->485APOS70th Page of 117TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 70th
Assignment                                                                      

During the lifetime of the annuitant you may assign any rights or benefits      
provided by the contract if your contract is a nonqualified contract. An        
assignment will not be binding on Transamerica until a copy has been filed at   
its administrative and service office. Your rights and benefits and those of the
beneficiary are subject to the rights of the assignee. Transamerica assumes no  
responsibility for the validity or effect of any assignment. Any claim made     
under an assignment shall be subject to proof of interest and the extent of the 
assignment. An assignment may have tax consequences.                            

Unless you so direct by filing written notice with Transamerica, no beneficiary 
may assign any payments under the contract before they are due. To the extent   
permitted by law, no payments will be subject to the claims of any beneficiary's
creditors.                                                                      

Ownership under qualified contracts is restricted to comply with the Code.      

Evidence of Survival                                                            

Transamerica reserves the right to require satisfactory evidence that a person  
is alive if a payment is based on that person being alive. No payment will be   
made until Transamerica receives such evidence.                                 

Non-Participating                                                               

The contract will not share in Transamerica's surplus earnings; no dividends    
will be paid.                                                                   

Amendments                                                                      

No change in the contract is valid unless made in writing by Transamerica and   
approved by one of Transamerica's officers. No registered representative has    
authority to change or waive any provision of the contract.                     

Transamerica reserves the right to amend the contracts to meet the requirements 
of the Code, regulations or published rulings. You can refuse such a change by  
giving written notice, but a refusal may result in adverse tax consequences.    

Employee and Agent Purchases                                                    

The contract may be acquired by an employee or registered representative of any 
broker/dealer authorized to sell the contract or their spouse or minor children,
or by an officer, director, trustee or bona-fide full-time employee of          
Transamerica or its affiliated companies or their spouse or minor children. In  
such a case, Transamerica may credit an amount equal to a percentage of each    
purchase payment to the contract due to lower acquisition costs Transamerica    
experiences on those purchases. The credit will be reported to the Internal     
Revenue Service as taxable income to the employee or registered representative. 
Transamerica may offer certain employer sponsored savings plans, in its         
discretion reduced fees and charges including, but not limited to, the annual   
service charge, the surrender charges, the mortality and expense risk fee and   
the administrative charge for certain sales under circumstances which may result
in savings of certain costs and expenses. In addition, there may be other       
circumstances of which Transamerica is not presently aware which could result in
reduced sales or distribution expenses. Credits to the contract or reductions in
these fees and charges will not be unfairly discriminatory against any owner.   

Present Value of Future Variable Payments                                       

The present value of future variable payments is calculated by taking (a) the   
supportable payment on the business day we receive the surrender request, times 
(b) the number of payments remaining, discounted using a rate equal to the AIR. 

14

P-->485APOS71st Page of 117TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 71st
Stabilized Payments                                                             

If you have selected a payout feature that provides for stabilized payments,    
please note that the stabilized payments remain constant throughout each year   
and are adjusted on your contract anniversary.  Without stabilized payments,    
each payment throughout the year would fluctuate based on the performance of    
your selected subaccounts.  To reflect the difference in these payments we      
adjust (both increase and decrease as appropriate) the number of annuity units. 
The units are adjusted when we calculate the supportable payment.  Supportable  
payments are used in the calculation of surrender values, death benefits and    
transfers.   On your contract anniversary we set the new stabilized payment     
equal to the current supportable payment.   In the case of an increase in the   
number of variable annuity units, your participation in the future investment   
performance will be increased since more variable annuity units are credited to 
you.  Conversely, in the case of a reduction of the number of variable annuity  
units, your participation in the future investment performance will be decreased
since fewer variable annuity units are credited to you.                         

The following table demonstrates, on a purely hypothetical basis, the changes in
the number of variable annuity units.  The changes in the variable annuity unit 
values reflect the investment performance of the applicable subaccounts as well 
as the separate account charge.                                                 

                                                        [Enlarge/Download Table]

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                         Hypothetical Changes in Annuity Units with Stabilized Payments*               
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
AIR                                   5.00%                                                            
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Life & 10 Years Certain                                                                                
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Male aged 65                                                                                           
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
First Variable Payment                $500                                                             
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                      Monthly                 Adjustments   Cumulative 
                          Beginning     Annuity       Payment      Monthly         in        Adjusted  
                           Annuity       Unit         Without     Stabilized    Annuity       Annuity  
                            Units       Values     Stabilization   Payment       Units         Units   
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                                                       
At Issue:  January 1                                                                                   
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
            February 1                                                                                 
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
             March 1                                                                                   
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
             April 1                                                                                   
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
              May 1                                                                                    
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
              June 1                                                                                   
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
              July 1                                                                                   
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
             August 1                                                                                  
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
           September 1                                                                                 
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
            October 1                                                                                  
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
            November 1                                                                                 
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
            December 1                                                                                 
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
            January 1                                                                                  
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
            February 1                                                                                 
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

* Expenses included in the calculations are _____% Separate Account Charge and  
____% portfolio expenses.  If higher expenses were charged, the numbers would 
be lower.                                                                     

CERTAIN FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSEQUENCES 

The following summary does not constitute tax advice. It is a general discussion
of certain of the expected federal income tax consequences of investment in and 
distributions with respect to a contract, based on the Code, as amended,        
proposed and final Treasury Regulations thereunder, judicial authority, and     
current                                                                         

15

P-->485APOS72nd Page of 117TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 72nd
administrative rulings and practice. This summary discusses only certain        
federal income tax consequences to "United States Persons," and does not discuss
state, local, or foreign tax consequences. United States Persons means citizens 
or residents of the United States, domestic corporations, domestic partnerships 
and trusts or estates that are subject to United States federal income tax      
regardless of the source of their income.                                       

Tax Status of the Policy                                                        

The following discussion is based on the assumption that the contract qualifies 
as an annuity contract for federal income tax purposes.                         

Distribution Requirements.   The Code requires that nonqualified contracts      
--------------------------                                                      
contain specific provisions for distribution of contract proceeds upon the death
of any owner. In order to be treated as an annuity contract for federal income  
tax purposes, the Code requires that such contracts provide that if any owner   
dies on or after the annuity date and before the entire interest in the contract
has been distributed, the remaining portion must be distributed at least as     
rapidly as under the method in effect on such owner's death. If any owner dies  
before the annuity date, the entire interest in the contract must generally be  
distributed within 5 years after such owner's date of death or be used to       
purchase an immediate annuity under which payments will begin within one year of
such owner's death and will be made for the life of the beneficiary or for a    
period not extending beyond the life expectancy of the "designated beneficiary" 
as defined in section 72(s) of the Code. However, if upon such owner's death    
prior to the annuity date, such owner's surviving spouse becomes the sole new   
owner under the contract, then the contract may be continued with the surviving 
spouse as the new owner. Under the contract, the beneficiary is the designated  
beneficiary of an owner/annuitant and the successor owner is the designated     
beneficiary of an owner who is not the annuitant. If any owner is not a natural 
person, then for purposes of these distribution requirements, the primary       
annuitant shall be treated as an owner and any death or change of such primary  
annuitant shall be treated as the death of an owner. The nonqualified contracts 
contain provisions intended to comply with these requirements of the Code. No   
regulations interpreting these requirements of the Code have yet been issued and
thus no assurance can be given that the provisions contained in the contracts   
satisfy all such Code requirements. The provisions contained in the contracts   
will be reviewed and modified if necessary to assure that they comply with the  
Code requirements when clarified by regulation or otherwise.                    

Diversification Requirements.  Section 817(h) of the Code provides that in order
----------------------------                                                    
for a variable contract which is based on a segregated asset account to qualify 
as an annuity contract under the Code, the investments made by such account must
be "adequately diversified" in accordance with Treasury regulations. The        
Treasury regulations issued under Section 817(h) (Treas. Reg. (S)1.817-5) apply 
a diversification requirement to each of the subaccounts. The variable account, 
through its underlying funds and their portfolios, intends to comply with the   
diversification requirements of the Treasury. Transamerica has entered into     
agreements with each underlying fund company which requires the portfolios to be
operated in compliance with the Treasury regulations.                           

Owner Control. In certain circumstances, owners of variable annuity contracts   
-------------                                                                   
may be considered the owners, for federal income tax purposes, of the assets of 
the variable account used to support their contracts. In those circumstances,   
income and gains from the variable account assets would be includable in the    
variable annuity contract owner's gross income. Several years ago, the IRS      
stated in published rulings that a variable annuity contract owner will be      
considered the owner of variable account assets if the contract owner possesses 
incidents of ownership in those assets, such as the ability to exercise         
investment control over the assets. More recently, the Treasury Department      
announced in connection with the issuance of regulations concerning investment  
diversification, that those regulations "do not provide guidance concerning the 
circumstances in which investor control of the investments of a segregated asset
account may cause the investor (i.e., you), rather than the insurance company,  
to be treated as the owner of the assets in the account." This announcement also
stated that guidance would be issued by way of regulations or rulings on the    
"extent to which contractholders may direct their investments to particular     
subaccounts without being treated as owners of the underlying assets." The      
ownership rights under the contract are similar to, but different in certain    
respects from those described by the IRS in rulings in which it was determined  
that contract owners were not owners of variable account assets. For example,   
you have the choice of more subaccounts in which to allocate premiums and       
account values, and may be able to transfer among these accounts more frequently
than in such rulings. These differences could result in you                     

16

P-->485APOS73rd Page of 117TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 73rd
being treated as the owner of the assets of the variable account. In addition,  
Transamerica does not know what standards will be set forth, if any, in the     
regulations or rulings that the Treasury Department has stated it expects to    
issue. Transamerica therefore reserves the right to modify the contracts as     
necessary to attempt to prevent you from being considered the owner of a pro    
rata share of the assets of the variable account.                               

Withholding.   The portion of any distribution under a contract that is         
------------                                                                    
includable in gross income will be subject to federal income tax withholding    
unless the recipient of such distribution elects not to have federal income tax 
withheld. Election forms will be provided at the time distributions are         
requested or made. The withholding rate varies according to the type of         
distribution and the owner's tax status. For qualified contracts, "eligible     
rollover distributions" from Section 401(a) plans, Section 403(a) annuities, and
Section 403(b) tax-sheltered annuities are subject to a mandatory federal income
tax withholding of 20%. An eligible rollover distribution is the taxable portion
of any distribution from such a plan, except certain distributions such as      
distributions required by the Code, distributions in a specified annuity form or
hardship distributions. The 20% withholding does not apply, however, if the     
owner chooses a "direct rollover" from the plan to another tax-qualified plan or
IRA. Different withholding requirements may apply in the case of non-United     
States persons.                                                                 

Qualified Contracts.   The qualified contract is designed for use with several  
--------------------                                                            
types of tax-qualified retirement plans. The tax rules applicable to            
participants and beneficiaries in tax-qualified retirement plans vary according 
to the type of plan and the terms and conditions of the plan. Special favorable 
tax treatment may be available for certain types of contributions and           
distributions. Adverse tax consequences may result from contributions in excess 
of specified limits; distributions prior to age 59 1/2 (subject to certain      
exceptions); distributions that do not conform to specified commencement and    
minimum distribution rules; and in other specified circumstances. Some          
retirement plans are subject to distribution and other requirements that are not
incorporated into the contracts or our contract administration procedures.      
Owners, participants and beneficiaries are responsible for determining that     
contributions, distributions and other transactions with respect to the         
contracts comply with applicable law.                                           

For qualified plans under Section 401(a), 403(a), 403(b), and 457, the Code     
requires that distributions generally must commence no later than the later of  
April 1 of the calendar year following the calendar year in which the owner (or 
plan participant) (i) reaches age 70 1/2 or (ii) retires, and must be made in a 
specified form or manner. If the plan participant is a "5 percent owner" (as    
defined in the Code), distributions generally must begin no later than April 1  
of the calendar year in which the owner (or plan participant) reaches age 70    
1/2. Each owner is responsible for requesting distributions under the contract  
that satisfy applicable tax rules.                                              

Transamerica makes no attempt to provide more than general information about use
of the contract with the various types of retirement plans. Purchasers of       
contracts for use with any retirement plan should consult their legal counsel   
and tax adviser regarding the suitability of the contract.                      

Individual Retirement Annuities.   In order to qualify as a traditional         
--------------------------------                                                
individual retirement annuity under Section 408(b) of the Code, a contract must 
contain certain provisions: (i) the owner must be the annuitant; (ii) the       
contract generally is not transferable by the owner, e.g., the owner may not    
designate a new owner, designate a contingent owner or assign the contract as   
collateral security; (iii) the total purchase payments for any calendar year may
not exceed $2,000, except in the case of a rollover amount or contribution under
Section 402(c), 403(a)(4), 403(b)(8) or 408(d)(3) of the Code; (iv) annuity     
payments or surrenders must begin no later than April 1 of the calendar year    
following the calendar year in which the annuitant attains age 70 1/2; (v) an   
annuity payment option with a period certain that will guarantee annuity        
payments beyond the life expectancy of the annuitant and the beneficiary may not
be selected; and (vi) certain payments of death benefits must be made in the    
event the annuitant dies prior to the distribution of the account value.        
Contracts intended to qualify as traditional individual retirement annuities    
under Section 408(b) of the Code contain such provisions. Amounts in the IRA    
(other than nondeductible contributions) are taxed when distributed from the    
IRA. Distributions prior to age 59 1/2 (unless certain exceptions apply) are    
subject to a 10% penalty tax.                                                   

No part of the funds for an individual retirement account (including a Roth IRA)
or annuity should be invested in a life insurance contract, but the regulations 
thereunder allow such funds to be invested in an annuity contract that provides 
a death benefit that equals the greater of the premiums paid or the cash value  
for the contract. The contract                                                  

17

P-->485APOS74th Page of 117TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 74th
provides an enhanced death benefit that could exceed the amount of such a       
permissible death benefit, but it is unclear to what extent such an enhanced    
death benefit could disqualify the contract as an IRA. The Internal Revenue     
Service has not reviewed the contract for qualification as an IRA, and has not  
addressed in a ruling of general applicability whether an enhanced death benefit
provision, such as the provision in the contract, comports with IRA             
qualification requirements.                                                     

Roth Individual Retirement Annuities (Roth IRA).   The Roth IRA, under Section  
------------------------------------------------                                
408A of the Code, contains many of the same provisions as a traditional IRA.    
However, there are some differences. First, the contributions are not deductible
and must be made in cash or as a rollover or transfer from another Roth IRA or  
other IRA. A rollover from or conversion of an IRA to a Roth IRA may be subject 
to tax and other special rules may apply to the rollover or conversion and to   
distributions attributable thereto. You should consult a tax adviser before     
combining any converted amounts with any other Roth IRA contributions, including
any other conversion amounts from other tax years. The Roth IRA is available to 
individuals with earned income and whose modified adjusted gross income is under
$110,000 for single filers, $160,000 for married filing jointly, and $10,000 for
married filing separately. The amount per individual that may be contributed to 
all IRAs (Roth and traditional) is $2,000. Secondly, the distributions are taxed
differently. The Roth IRA offers tax-free distributions when made 5 tax years   
after the first contribution to any Roth IRA of the individual and made after   
attaining age 59 1/2, to pay for qualified first time homebuyer expenses        
(lifetime maximum of $10,000) or due to death or disability. All other          
distributions are subject to income tax when made from earnings and may be      
subject to a premature surrender penalty tax unless an exception applies. Unlike
the traditional IRA, there are no minimum required distributions during the     
owner's lifetime; however, required distributions at death are generally the    
same.                                                                           

Section 403(b) Plans.   Under Section 403(b) of the Code, payments made by      
---------------------                                                           
public school systems and certain tax exempt organizations to purchase contracts
for their employees are excludable from the gross income of the employee,       
subject to certain limitations. However, such payments may be subject to FICA   
(Social Security) taxes. The contract includes a death benefit that in some     
cases may exceed the greater of the purchase payments or the account value. The 
death benefit could be characterized as an incidental benefit, the amount of    
which is limited in any tax-sheltered annuity under Section 403(b). Because the 
death benefit may exceed this limitation, employers using the contract in       
connection with such plans should consult their tax adviser. Additionally, in   
accordance with the requirements of the Code, Section 403(b) annuities generally
may not permit distribution of (i) elective contributions made in years         
beginning after December 31, 1988, and (ii) earnings on those contributions and 
(iii) earnings on amounts attributed to elective contributions held as of the   
end of the last year beginning before January 1, 1989. Distributions of such    
amounts will be allowed only upon the death of the employee, on or after        
attainment of age 59 1/2, separation from service, disability, or financial     
hardship, except that income attributable to elective contributions may not be  
distributed in the case of hardship.                                            

Corporate Pension and Profit-Sharing Plans and H.R. 10 Plans.   Sections 401(a) 
-------------------------------------------------------------                   
and 403(a) of the Code permit corporate employers to establish various types of 
retirement plans for employees and self-employed individuals to establish       
qualified plans for themselves and their employees. Such retirement plans may   
permit the purchase of the contracts to accumulate retirement savings. Adverse  
tax consequences to the plan, the participant or both may result if the contract
is assigned or transferred to any individual as a means to provide benefit      
payments. The contract includes a death benefit that in some cases may exceed   
the greater of the purchase payments or the account value. The death benefit    
could be characterized as an incidental benefit, the amount of which is limited 
in a pension or profit sharing plan. Because the death benefit may exceed this  
limitation, employers using the contract in connection with such plans should   
consult their tax adviser.                                                      

Deferred Compensation Plans.   Section 457 of the Code, while not actually      
----------------------------                                                    
providing for a qualified plan as that term is normally used, provides for      
certain deferred compensation plans with respect to service for state           
governments, local governments, political sub-divisions, agencies,              
instrumentalities and certain affiliates of such entities, and tax exempt       
organizations. The contracts can be used with such plans. Under such plans a    
participant may specify the form of investment in which his or her participation
will be made. For non-governmental Section 457 plans, all such investments,     
however, are owned by, and are subject to, the claims of the general creditors  
of the sponsoring employer. Depending on the terms of the particular plan, a    
non-government employer may be entitled to                                      

18

P-->485APOS75th Page of 117TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 75th
draw on deferred amounts for purposes unrelated to its Section 457 plan         
obligations. In general, all amounts received under a Section 457 plan are      
taxable and are subject to federal income tax withholding as wages.             

Non-natural Persons.   Pursuant to Section 72(u) of the Code, an annuity        
--------------------                                                            
contract held by a taxpayer other than a natural person generally will not be   
treated as an annuity contract under the Code; accordingly, an owner who is not 
a natural person will recognize as ordinary income for a taxable year the excess
of (i) the sum of the account value as of the close of the taxable year and all 
previous distributions under the contract over (ii) the sum of the purchase     
payments paid for the taxable year and any prior taxable year and the amounts   
includable in gross income for any prior taxable year with respect to the       
contract. For these purposes, the account value at year-end may have to be      
increased by any positive excess interest adjustment, which could result from a 
full surrender at such time. There is, however, no definitive guidance on the   
proper tax treatment of excess interest adjustments, and the owner should       
contact a competent tax adviser with respect to the potential tax consequences  
of an excess interest adjustment. Notwithstanding the preceding sentences in    
this paragraph, Section 72(u) of the Code does not apply to (i) a contract where
the nominal owner is not a natural person but the beneficial owner of which is a
natural person, (ii) a contract acquired by the estate of a decedent by reason  
of such decedent's death, (iii) a qualified contract (other than one qualified  
under Section 457) or (iv) a single-payment annuity where the annuity date is no
later than one year from the date of the single purchase payment; instead, such 
contracts are taxed as described above under the heading "Taxation of           
Annuities."

Taxation of Transamerica                                                        

Transamerica at present is taxed as a life insurance company under part I of    
Subchapter L of the Code. The variable account is treated as part of            
Transamerica and, accordingly, will not be taxed separately as "regulated       
investment companies" under Subchapter M of the Code. Transamerica does not     
expect to incur any federal income tax liability with respect to investment     
income and net capital gains arising from the activities of the variable account
retained as part of the reserves under the contract. Based on this expectation, 
it is anticipated that no charges will be made against the variable account for 
federal income taxes. If, in future years, any federal income taxes are incurred
by Transamerica with respect to the variable account, Transamerica may make a   
charge to that account.                                                         

INVESTMENT EXPERIENCE 

A "net investment factor" is used to determine the value of accumulation units  
and annuity units, and to determine annuity payment rates.                      

Accumulation Units                                                              

Allocations of a purchase payment directed to a subaccount are credited in the  
form of accumulation units. Each subaccount has a distinct accumulation unit    
value. The number of units credited is determined by dividing the purchase      
payment or amount transferred to the subaccount by the accumulation unit value  
of the subaccount as of the end of the valuation period during which the        
allocation is made. For each subaccount, the accumulation unit value for a given
business day is based on the net asset value of a share of the corresponding    
portfolio of the underlying funds less any applicable charges or fees.          

Upon allocation to the selected subaccount, purchase payments are converted into
accumulation units of the subaccount. The number of accumulation units to be    
credited is determined by dividing the dollar amount allocated to each          
subaccount by the value of an accumulation unit for that subaccount as next     
determined after the purchase payment is received at the administrative and     
service office or, in the case of the initial purchase payment, when the        
enrollment form is completed, whichever is later. The value of an accumulation  
unit for each subaccount was arbitrarily established at $1 at the inception of  
each subaccount. Thereafter, the value of an accumulation unit is determined as 
of the close of trading on each day the New York Stock Exchange is open for     
business.                                                                       

An index (the "net investment factor") which measures the investment performance
of a subaccount during a valuation period is used to determine the value of an  
accumulation unit for the next subsequent valuation period. The net investment  
factor may be greater or less than or equal to one; therefore, the value of an  
accumulation unit                                                               

19

P-->485APOS76th Page of 117TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 76th
may increase, decrease or remain the same from one valuation period to the next.
You bear this investment risk. The net investment performance of a subaccount   
and deduction of certain charges affect the accumulation unit value.            

The net investment factor for any subaccount for any valuation period is        
determined by dividing (a) by (b) and subtracting (c) from the result, where:   
(a)  is the net result of:                                                      
 (1)  the net asset value per share of the shares held in the subaccount
determined at the end of the current valuation period, plus 
     (2)  the per share amount of any dividend or capital gain distribution made
        with respect to the shares held in the subaccount if the ex-dividend
  date occurs during the current valuation period, plus or minus
    (3)  a per share credit or charge for any taxes determined by Transamerica
    to have resulted during the valuation period from the investment
operations of the subaccount;                               
(b)  is the net asset value per share of the shares held in the subaccount      
 determined as of the end of the immediately preceding valuation period.
(c)  is an amount representing the variable account charge and any optional     
benefit fees, if applicable.                                          

Illustration of Variable Account Variable Accumulation Unit Value Calculations  
(Assumes Double Enhanced Death Benefit) 

Formula and Illustration for Determining the Net Investment Factor  

Net Investment Factor =    (A + B - C) - E                                      
---------------           
D           

     Where: A = The net asset value of an underlying fund share as of the end of
the current valuation period.                   
               Assume                                               A = $11.57

 B = The per share amount of any dividend or capital gains
       distribution since the end of the immediately preceding
valuation period.                               
          Assume                                               B = 0

            C = The per share charge or credit for any taxes reserved for at the
end of the current valuation period.            
          Assume                                               C = 0

         D = The net asset value of an underlying fund share at the end of
the immediately preceding valuation period.     
               Assume                                               D = $11.40

          E = The daily deduction for the mortality and expense risk fee and
                the administrative charge, and any optional benefit fees. Assume
                E totals 1.45% on an annual basis; On a daily basis, this equals
.000039442.                                     

Then, the net investment factor =   (11.57 + 0 - 0) - .000039442=Z=1.014872839  
       ---------------
       (11.40)

20

P-->485APOS77th Page of 117TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 77th
Formula and Illustration for Determining Variable Accumulation Unit Value 

Variable Accumulation Unit Value = A * B                                        
   Where: A = The variable accumulation unit value for the immediately preceding
valuation period.                                   
Assume  = $X  

   B = The net investment factor for the current valuation period.
Assume  = Y   

Then, the variable accumulation unit value = $X * Y = $Z                        

Annuity Unit Value and Annuity Payment Rates                                    

The amount of variable annuity payments will vary with annuity unit values.     
Annuity unit values rise if the net investment performance of the subaccount    
exceeds the assumed investment return of 5% annually. Conversely, annuity unit  
values fall if the net investment performance of the subaccount is less than the
assumed investment return. The value of a variable annuity unit in each         
subaccount was established at $1.00 on the date operations began for that       
subaccount. For the variable account, the value of a variable annuity unit on   
any subsequent business day is equal to (a) multiplied by (b) multiplied by (c),
where:                                                                          
(a)  is the variable annuity unit value on the immediately preceding business   
day;                                                                  
(b)  is the net investment factor for the valuation period; and                 
(c)  is the investment result adjustment factor for the valuation period.       

The investment result adjustment factor for the valuation period is the product 
of discount factors of .99986634 per day to recognize the 5% effective assumed  
investment return. The valuation period is the period from the close of the     
immediately preceding business day to the close of the current business day.    

The dollar amount of subsequent variable annuity payments will depend upon      
changes in applicable annuity unit values.                                      

The annuity payment rates vary according to the annuity option elected and the  
sex and adjusted age of the annuitant at the annuity date. The contract also    
contains a table for determining the adjusted age of the annuitant.             

Illustration of Calculations for Annuity Unit Value 
and Variable Annuity Payments 

Formula and Illustration for Determining Annuity Unit Value 

Annuity Unit Value = A * B * C                                                  

   Where: A = annuity unit value for the immediately preceding valuation period.
                         Assume = $X

    B = Net investment factor for the valuation period for which the
annuity unit value is being calculated.             
                         Assume =  Y

        C = A factor to neutralize the assumed investment return of 5% built
into the Annuity Tables used.                       
                         Assume =  Z

Then, the annuity unit value is:                                                

$X * Y * Z = $Q                                                       

21

P-->485APOS78th Page of 117TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 78th
Formula and Illustration for Determining Amount of  
First Monthly Variable Annuity Payment  

First monthly variable annuity payment =    A * B                               
             -----
              $1,000

Where: A = The adjusted account value as of the annuity date.             
                          Assume  = $X

       B =  The Annuity purchase rate per $1,000 of adjusted account value
             based upon the option selected, the sex and adjusted age of the
          annuitant according to the tables contained in the contract.
                          Assume  = $Y

Then, the first monthly variable annuity payment =    $X * $Y = $Z              
                                   -------
                                 1,000

Formula and Illustration for Determining the Number of Annuity Units  
Represented by Each Monthly Variable Annuity Payment  

Number of annuity units    = A                                                  
-                     
B                     

 Where: A = The dollar amount of the first monthly variable annuity payment.
                          Assume  = $X

        B = The annuity unit value for the valuation date on which the first
monthly payment is due.                             
                          Assume  = $Y

Then, the number of annuity units =    $X = Z                                   
 ---
$Y

GUARANTEED MINIMUM INCOME BENEFIT -- ADDITIONAL INFORMATION 

The amounts shown below are hypothetical guaranteed minimum monthly payment     
amounts under the "Guaranteed Minimum Income Benefit" for a $100,000 premium    
when annuity payments do not begin until the contract anniversary indicated in  
the left-hand column. These figures assume the following:                       
. there were no subsequent purchase payments or surrenders;                   
. there were no premium taxes;                                                
. the $100,000 premium is subject to the Guaranteed Minimum Income Benefit;   
. the annuitant is (or both annuitants are) 60 years old when the rider is    
issued;                                                                     
. the annual growth rate is 6.0% (once established, an annual growth rate will
not change during the life of the Guaranteed Minimum Income Benefit rider); 
. there was no upgrade of the minimum annuitization value; and                
. the account value did not grow higher than an annual growth rate of 6% (no  
annual step-ups are factored in).                                           

Six different annuity payment options are illustrated: a male annuitant, a      
female annuitant and a joint and survivor annuity, each on a Life Only and a    
Life with 10-Year Certain basis. The figures below, which are the amount of the 
first monthly payment, are based on an assumed investment return of 3%. If the  
guaranteed minimum payment option is also elected at the time of annuitization, 
subsequent payments will never be less than the amount of the first payment     
(although subsequent payments are calculated using a 5% assumed investment      
return).  If the guaranteed minimum payment option is not elected, subsequent   
payments may fluctuate and may be less than the initial payment.                

22

P-->485APOS79th Page of 117TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 79th
Life Only = Life Annuity with No Period Certain    Life 10 = Life Annuity with  
10 Years Certain                                                                

                                                        [Enlarge/Download Table]

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  Rider Anniversary at                                                                                                    
     Exercise Date                      Male                           Female                     Joint & Survivor        
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                               Life Only         Life 10        Life Only       Life 10        Life Only      Life 10     
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                                                                          
      7 (age 67)                 $  953           $  896          $  819         $  797          $  717         $  715    
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
             15                   1,833            1,634           1,562          1,469           1,332          1,318    
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
     20 (age 80)                  3,049            2,479           2,597          2,286           2,145          2,078    
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

This hypothetical illustration should not be deemed representative of past or   
future performance of any underlying variable investment option.                

Surrenders will affect the minimum annuitization value as follows: Each contract
year, surrenders will reduce the minimum annuitization value on a pro rata basis
by an amount equal to the minimum annuitization value immediately prior to the  
surrender multiplied by the percentage reduction in the account value resulting 
from the surrender.                                                             

Examples of the effect of surrenders on the minimum annuitization value are as  
follows:                                                                        

                                                        [Enlarge/Download Table]

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                       EXAMPLE 1                                                          
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                     Assumptions                                                          
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                                                                          
 .  minimum annuitization value on last contract anniversary:        $  10,000                                            
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 .  minimum annuitization value at time of distribution:             $  10,500                                            
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 .  account value at time of distribution:                           $  15,000                                            
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 .  distribution amount:                                             $   1,500                                            
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                     Calculations                                                         
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 .  account value after distribution:                                $15,000 - $1,500 = $13,500                           
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
   (since the account value is reduced 10% ($1,500/$15,000), the minimum annuitization value is also reduced 10%)         
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 .  minimum annuitization value after distribution:                  $10,500 - (10% x $10,500) = $9,450                   
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------


--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                       EXAMPLE 2                                                          
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                     Assumptions                                                          
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                                                                          
 .  minimum annuitization value on last contract anniversary:        $  10,000                                            
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 .  minimum annuitization value at time of distribution:             $  10,500                                            
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 .  account value at time of distribution:                           $   7,500                                            
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 .  distribution amount:                                             $   1,500                                            
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                       Calculations                                                       
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 .  account value after distribution:                                $7,500 - $1,500 = $6,000                             
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
   (since the account value is reduced 20% ($1,500/$7,500), the minimum annuitization value is also reduced 20%)          
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 .  minimum annuitization value after distribution:                  $10,500 - (20% x $10,500) = $8,400                   
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

The amount of the first payment provided by the Guaranteed Minimum Income       
Benefit will be determined by multiplying each $1,000 of minimum annuitization  
value by the applicable annuity factor shown on Schedule I of the Guaranteed    
Minimum Income Benefit. The applicable annuity factor depends upon the          
annuitant's (and joint annuitant's, if any) sex (or without regard to gender if 
required by law), age, and the Guaranteed Minimum Income Benefit payment option 
selected and is based on a guaranteed interest rate of 3% and the "2000 Table", 
using an assumed annuity date of 2005 (static projection to this point) with    
dynamic projection using scale G from that point (100% of G for male, 50% of G  
for females).  Subsequent payments will be calculated as described in the rider 
using a 5% assumed investment return. Subsequent payments may fluctuate annually
in accordance with the investment performance of the annuity subaccounts if the 
guaranteed minimum payment option is elected at annuitization.  However,        
subsequent payments are guaranteed to never be less than the initial payment.   

23

P-->485APOS80th Page of 117TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 80th
If you elect the guaranteed minimum payment option, the stabilized payment on   
each subsequent contract anniversary after annuitization using the rider will   
equal the greater of the initial payment or the payment supportable by the      
annuity units in the selected subaccounts. The supportable payment is equal to  
the number of variable annuity units in the selected subaccounts multiplied by  
the variable annuity unit values in those subaccounts on the date the payment is
made. The variable annuity unit values used to calculate the supportable payment
will assume a 5% assumed investment return. If the supportable payment at any   
payment date during a contract year is greater than the stabilized payment for  
that contract year, the excess will be used to purchase additional annuity      
units. Conversely, if the supportable payment at any payment date during a      
contract year is less than the stabilized payment for that contract year, there 
will be a reduction in the number of annuity units credited to the contract to  
fund the deficiency. In the case of a reduction, you will not participate as    
fully in the future investment performance of the subaccounts you selected since
fewer annuity units are credited to your contract. Purchases and reductions will
be allocated to each subaccount on a proportionate basis.                       

Transamerica bears the risk that it will need to make payments if all annuity   
units have been used in an attempt to maintain the stabilized payment at the    
initial payment level. In such an event, Transamerica will make all future      
payments equal to the initial payment. Once all the annuity units have been     
used, the amount of your payment will not increase or decrease and will not     
depend upon the performance of any subaccounts. To compensate Transamerica for  
this risk, a guaranteed minimum payment fee will be deducted.                   

TAX RELIEF RIDER -- ADDITIONAL INFORMATION 

The following example illustrates the Tax Relief Rider additional death benefit 
payable by this rider as well as the effect of a partial surrender on the Tax   
Relief Rider benefit amount.                                                    

Example 1 

                                                        [Enlarge/Download Table]
                                                                                                                  
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
account value on the rider date:                                                                          $100,000
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
premiums paid after the rider date before surrender:                                                      $ 25,000
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
gross partial surrenders after the rider date:                                                            $ 30,000
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
death benefit on date of surrender                                                                        $150,000
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
rider earnings on date of surrender (death benefit - account value on rider date  - premiums              $ 25,000
paid after rider date = $150,000 - $100,000 - $25,000):                                                           
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
amount of surrender that exceeds rider earnings ($30,000 - $25,000):                                      $  5,000
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
base contract death benefit on the date of death benefit calculation:                                     $200,000
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
rider earnings (= death benefit - account value on rider date - premiums since rider date +               $ 80,000
surrenders since rider date that exceeded rider earnings at time of surrender =                                   
$200,000 - $100,000 - $25,000 + $5,000):                                                                          
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
additional death benefit amount (= additional death benefit factor * rider earnings = 40%*                $ 32,000
$80,000):                                                                                                         
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
total death benefit paid (=base contract death benefit plus additional death benefit amount:              $232,000
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

24

P-->485APOS81st Page of 117TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 81st
Example 2 

                                                        [Enlarge/Download Table]
                                                                                                                  
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
account value on the rider date:                                                                          $100,000
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
premiums paid after the rider date before surrender:                                                      $      0
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
gross partial surrenders after the rider date:                                                            $      0
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
base contract death benefit on the date of death benefit calculation:                                     $ 75,000
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
rider earnings = (death benefit - account value on rider date - premiums since rider date +               $      0
  surrenders since rider date that exceeded rider earnings at time of surrender =                                 
  $75,000 - $100,000 - $0 + $0):                                                                                  
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
additional death benefit amount (= additional death benefit factor * rider earnings = 40%* $0):           $      0

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
total death benefit paid (=base contract death benefit plus additional death benefit amount:              $ 75,000
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

HISTORICAL PERFORMANCE DATA 

Money Market Yields                                                             

Transamerica may from time to time disclose the current annualized yield of the 
Money Market Subaccount, which invests in the Money Market Portfolio, for a 7-  
day period in a manner which does not take into consideration any realized or   
unrealized gains or losses on shares of the Money Market Portfolio or on its    
portfolio securities. This current annualized yield is computed by determining  
the net change (exclusive of realized gains and losses on the sale of securities
and unrealized appreciation and depreciation and income other than investment   
income) at the end of the 7-day period in the value of a hypothetical account   
having a balance of 1 unit of the Money Market Subaccount at the beginning of   
the 7-day period, dividing such net change in account value by the value of the 
account at the beginning of the period to determine the base period return, and 
annualizing this quotient on a 365-day basis. The net change in account value   
reflects (i) net income from the portfolio attributable to the hypothetical     
account; and (ii) charges and deductions imposed under a contract that are      
attributable to the hypothetical account. The charges and deductions include the
per unit charges for the hypothetical account for (i) the administrative charges
and (ii) the mortality and expense risk fee. Current yield will be calculated   
according to the following formula:                                             

Current Yield = ((NCS * ES)/UV) * (365/7) 

Where:                                                                          
NCS =  The net change in the value of the portfolio (exclusive of realized gains
  and losses on the sale of securities and unrealized appreciation and
 depreciation and income other than investment income) for the 7-day
 period attributable to a hypothetical account having a balance of 1
subaccount unit.                                                  
ES  =  Per unit expenses of the subaccount for the 7-day period.                
UV  =  The unit value on the first day of the 7-day period.                     

Because of the charges and deductions imposed under a contract, the yield for   
the Money Market Subaccount will be lower than the yield for the Money Market   
Portfolio. The yield calculations do not reflect the effect of any premium taxes
that may be applicable to a particular contract.                                

Transamerica may also disclose the effective yield of the Money Market          
Subaccount for the same 7-day period, determined on a compounded basis. The     
effective yield is calculated by compounding the base period return according to
the following formula:                                                          

Effective Yield = (1 + ((NCS - ES)/UV))/365/7/ - 1  

25

P-->485APOS82nd Page of 117TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 82nd
Where:                                                                          
NCS =  The net change in the value of the portfolio (exclusive of realized gains
  and losses on the sale of securities and unrealized appreciation and
 depreciation and income other than investment income) for the 7-day
 period attributable to a hypothetical account having a balance of 1
subaccount unit.                                                  
ES  =  Per unit expenses of the subaccount for the 7-day period.                
UV  =  The unit value on the first day of the 7-day period.                     

The yield on amounts held in the Money Market Subaccount normally will fluctuate
on a daily basis. Therefore, the disclosed yield for any given past period is   
not an indication or representation of future yields or rates of return. The    
Money Market Subaccount's actual yield is affected by changes in interest rates 
on money market securities, average portfolio maturity of the Money Market      
Portfolio, the types and quality of portfolio securities held by the Money      
Market Portfolio and its operating expenses. For the seven days ended December
31, 2001, the yield of the Money Market Subaccount was _____%, and the effective
yield was _____% for the Greater of 5% Annually Compounding through age 85 Death
Benefit or Annual Step-Up through age 85 Death Benefit.  There is no yield or   
effective yield for the Double Enhanced Death Benefit or Return of Premium Death
Benefit for the seven days ended December 31, 2001, because those death benefits
were not available during that period.                                          

Other Subaccount Yields                                                         

Transamerica may from time to time advertise or disclose the current annualized 
yield of one or more of the subaccounts (except the Money Market Subaccount) for
30-day periods. The annualized yield of a subaccount refers to income generated 
by the subaccount over a specific 30-day period. Because the yield is           
annualized, the yield generated by a subaccount during the 30-day period is     
assumed to be generated each 30-day period over a 12-month period. The yield is 
computed by: (i) dividing the net investment income of the subaccount less      
subaccount expenses for the period, by (ii) the maximum offering price per unit 
on the last day of the period times the daily average number of units           
outstanding for the period, (iii) compounding that yield for a 6-month period,  
and (iv) multiplying that result by 2. Expenses attributable to the subaccount  
include (i) the administrative charges and (ii) the mortality and expense risk  
fee. The 30-day yield is calculated according to the following formula:         

Yield = 2 * ((((NI - ES)/(U - UV)) + 1)/6/ -1)  

Where:                                                                          
NI  =  Net investment income of the subaccount for the 30-day period            
attributable to the subaccount's unit.                            
ES  =  Expenses of the subaccount for the 30-day period.                        
U   =  The average number of units outstanding.                                 
UV  =  The unit value at the close (highest) of the last day in the 30-day      
period.                                                           

Because of the charges and deductions imposed by the variable account, the yield
for a subaccount will be lower than the yield for its corresponding portfolio.  
The yield calculations do not reflect the effect of any premium taxes that may  
be applicable to a particular contract.                                         

The yield on amounts held in the subaccounts normally will fluctuate over time. 
Therefore, the disclosed yield for any given past period is not an indication or
representation of future yields or rates of return. The types and quality of its
investments and its operating expenses affect a subaccount's actual yield.      

Total Returns                                                                   

Transamerica may from time to time also advertise or disclose total returns for 
one or more of the subaccounts for various periods of time. One of the periods  
of time will include the period measured from the date the subaccount commenced 
operations. When a subaccount has been in operation for 1, 5 and 10 years,      
respectively, the total return for these periods will be provided. Total returns
for other periods of time may from time to time also be disclosed. Total returns
represent the average annual compounded rates of return that would equate an    
initial investment of $1,000 to the redemption value of that investment as of   
the last day of each of the periods. The ending date for each                   

26

P-->485APOS83rd Page of 117TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 83rd
period for which total return quotations are provided will be for the most      
recent month end practicable, considering the type and media of the             
communication and will be stated in the communication.                          

Total returns will be calculated using subaccount unit values which Transamerica
calculates on each business day based on the performance of the variable        
account's underlying portfolio and the deductions for the mortality and expense 
risk fee and the administrative charges. Total return calculations will reflect 
the effect of surrender charges that may be applicable to a particular period.  
The total return will then be calculated according to the following formula:    

P (1 + T)/N/ = ERV  

Where:                                                                          
T    =   The average annual total return net of subaccount recurring charges.   
ERV  =   The ending redeemable value of the hypothetical account at the end of  
the period.                                                   
P    =   A hypothetical initial payment of $1,000.                              
N    =   The number of years in the period.                                     

Other Performance Data                                                          

Transamerica may from time to time also disclose average annual total returns in
a non-standard format in conjunction with the standard format described above.  
The non-standard format will be identical to the standard format except that the
surrender charge percentage will be assumed to be 0%.                           

Transamerica may from time to time also disclose cumulative total returns in    
conjunction with the standard format described above. The cumulative returns    
will be calculated using the following formula.                                 

CTR = (ERV / P)-1 

Where:                                                                          
CTR  =  The cumulative total return net of subaccount recurring charges for the 
period.                                                         
ERV  =  The ending redeemable value of the hypothetical investment at the       
end of the period.                                              
P    =  A hypothetical initial payment of $1,000.                               

All non-standard performance data will only be advertised if the standard       
performance data is also disclosed.                                             

Adjusted Historical Performance Data                                            

From time to time, sales literature or advertisements may quote average annual  
total returns for periods prior to the date a particular subaccount commenced   
operations. Such performance information for the subaccounts will be calculated 
based on the performance of the various portfolios and the assumption that the  
subaccounts were in existence for the same periods as those indicated for the   
portfolios, with the level of contract charges that are currently in effect.    

PUBLISHED RATINGS 

Transamerica may from time to time publish in advertisements, sales literature  
and reports to owners, the ratings and other information assigned to it by one  
or more independent rating organizations such as A.M. Best Company, Standard &  
Poor's Insurance Ratings Services, Moody's Investors Service and Fitch Financial
Ratings. The purpose of the ratings is to reflect the financial strength of     
Transamerica. The ratings should not be considered as bearing on the safety or  
investment performance of assets held in the variable account or of the safety  
or riskiness of an investment in the variable account. Each year the A.M. Best  
Company reviews the financial status of thousands of insurers, culminating in   
the assignment of Best's Ratings. These ratings reflect their current opinion of
the relative financial strength and operating performance of an insurance       
company in comparison to the norms of the life/health insurance industry. In    
addition, these ratings may be referred to in advertisements or sales literature
or in reports to                                                                

27

P-->485APOS84th Page of 117TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 84th
owners. These ratings are opinions of an operating insurance company's financial
capacity to meet the obligations of its insurance contracts in accordance with  
their terms.                                                                    

STATE REGULATION OF TRANSAMERICA 

Transamerica is subject to the laws of Iowa governing insurance companies and to
regulation by the Iowa Division of Insurance. An annual statement in a          
prescribed form is filed with the Division of Insurance each year covering the  
operation of Transamerica for the preceding year and its financial condition as 
of the end of such year. Regulation by the Division of Insurance includes       
periodic examination to determine Transamerica's contract liabilities and       
reserves so that the Division may determine the items are correct.              
Transamerica's books and accounts are subject to review by the Division of      
Insurance at all times and a full examination of its operations is conducted    
periodically by the National Association of Insurance Commissioners. In         
addition, Transamerica is subject to regulation under the insurance laws of     
other jurisdictions in which it may operate.                                    

ADMINISTRATION 

Transamerica performs administrative services for the contracts. These services 
include issuance of the contracts, maintenance of records concerning the        
contracts, and certain valuation services.                                      

RECORDS AND REPORTS 

All records and accounts relating to the variable account will be maintained by 
Transamerica. As presently required by the 1940 Act, as amended, and regulations
promulgated thereunder, Transamerica will mail to all owners at their last known
address of record, at least annually, reports containing such information as may
be required under that Act or by any other applicable law or regulation. Owners 
will also receive confirmation of each financial transaction and any other      
reports required by law or regulation. However, for certain routine transactions
(for example, regular monthly premiums deducted from your checking account, or  
regular annuity payments Transamerica sends to you) you may only receive        
quarterly confirmations.                                                        

DISTRIBUTION OF THE CONTRACTS 

The contracts are offered to the public through brokers licensed under the      
federal securities laws and state insurance laws. The offering of the contracts 
is continuous and Transamerica does not anticipate discontinuing the offering of
the contracts, however, Transamerica reserves the right to do so.               

Prior to May 1, 2002, the co-principal underwriters of the contracts were       
Transamerica Securities Sales Corporation ("TSSC") and Transamerica Financial   
Resources, Inc. ("TFR").  During fiscal years 2001, 2000 and 1999,              
$________________, $40,610,303.06 and $17,147,205.77, respectively, in          
commissions was paid to TSSC and TFR as co-underwriters of the contracts; no    
amounts were retained by TSSC or TFR.   As of May 1, 2002, AFSG Securities      
Corporation, an affiliate of Transamerica, is the principal underwriter of the  
contracts and may enter into agreements with broker-dealers for the distribution
of the contracts.                                                               

VOTING RIGHTS 

To the extent required by law, Transamerica will vote the underlying funds'     
shares held by the variable account at special shareholder meetings of the      
underlying funds in accordance with instructions received from persons having   
voting interests in the portfolios, although none of the underlying funds hold  
regular annual shareholder meetings. If, however, the 1940 Act or any regulation
thereunder should be amended or if the present interpretation thereof should    
change, and as a result Transamerica determines that it is permitted to vote the
underlying funds shares in its own right, it may elect to do so.                

Before the annuity date, you hold the voting interest in the selected           
portfolios. The number of votes that you have the right to instruct will be     
calculated separately for each subaccount. The number of votes that you have the
right to instruct for a particular subaccount will be determined by dividing    
your account value in the subaccount by the net                                 

28

P-->485APOS85th Page of 117TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 85th
asset value per share of the corresponding portfolio in which the subaccount    
invests. Fractional shares will be counted.                                     

After the annuity date, the person receiving annuity payments has the voting    
interest, and the number of votes decreases as annuity payments are made and as 
the reserves for the contract decrease. The person's number of votes will be    
determined by dividing the reserve for the contract allocated to the applicable 
subaccount by the net asset value per share of the corresponding portfolio.     
Fractional shares will be counted.                                              

The number of votes that you or the person receiving income payments has the    
right to instruct will be determined as of the date established by the          
underlying fund for determining shareholders eligible to vote at the meeting of 
the underlying fund. Transamerica will solicit voting instructions by sending   
you, or other persons entitled to vote, written requests for instructions prior 
to that meeting in accordance with procedures established by the underlying     
fund. Portfolio shares as to which no timely instructions are received and      
shares held by Transamerica in which you, or other persons entitled to vote,    
have no beneficial interest will be voted in proportion to the voting           
instructions that are received with respect to all contracts participating in   
the same subaccount.                                                            

Each person having a voting interest in a subaccount will receive proxy         
material, reports, and other materials relating to the appropriate portfolio.   

OTHER PRODUCTS 

Transamerica makes other variable annuity contracts available that may also be  
funded through the variable account. These variable annuity contracts may have  
different features, such as different investment options or charges.            

CUSTODY OF ASSETS 

Transamerica holds assets of each of the subaccounts. The assets of each of the 
subaccounts are segregated and held separate and apart from the assets of the   
other subaccounts and from Transamerica's general account assets. Transamerica  
maintains records of all purchases and redemptions of shares of the underlying  
funds held by each of the subaccounts. Additional protection for the assets of  
the variable account is afforded by Transamerica's fidelity bond, presently in  
the amount of $5,000,000, covering the acts of officers and employees of        
Transamerica.                                                                   

LEGAL MATTERS 

Sutherland Asbill & Brennan LLP, of Washington D.C. has provided legal advice to
Transamerica relating to certain matters under the federal securities laws      
applicable to the issue and sale of the contracts.                              

INDEPENDENT AUDITORS

The statutory-basis financial statements and schedules of Transamerica          
Occidental Life Insurance Company as of December 31, 2000 and 1999, and for each
of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2000, and the financial     
statements of certain subaccounts of Separate Account VA-2L, which are available
for investment by the Dreyfus/Transamerica Triple Advantage(R) Variable Annuity 
contract owners as of December 31, 2000, and for each of the two years in the   
period then ended, included in this Statement of Additional Information have    
been audited by Ernst & Young LLP, Independent Auditors, 801 Grand Avenue, Suite
3400, Des Moines, Iowa 50309.                                                   

OTHER INFORMATION 

A registration statement has been filed with the SEC, under the Securities Act  
of 1933 as amended, with respect to the contracts discussed in this SAI. Not all
of the information set forth in the Registration Statement, amendments and      
exhibits thereto has been included in the prospectus or this SAI. Statements    
contained in the prospectus and this SAI concerning the content of the contracts
and other legal instruments are intended to be summaries. For a                 

29

P-->485APOS86th Page of 117TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 86th
complete statement of the terms of these documents, reference should be made to 
the instruments filed with the SEC.                                             

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

The values of your interest in the variable account will be affected solely by  
the investment results of the selected subaccount(s). Financial statements of   
certain subaccounts of Separate Account VA-2L, which are available for          
investment by the Dreyfus/Transamerica Triple Advantage(R) Variable Annuity     
contract owners, are contained herein. The statutory-basis financial statements 
of Transamerica Occidental Life Insurance Company, which are included in this   
SAI, should be considered only as bearing on the ability of Transamerica to meet
its obligations under the contracts. They should not be considered as bearing on
the investment performance of the assets held in the variable account.          

30

P-->485APOS87th Page of 117TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 87th
PART C                                                                          

Other Information

Item 24. Financial Statements and Exhibits                                      

(a)  Financial Statements                                                       

 All required financial statements are included in Parts A and B of this
Registration Statement.                                               

(b)  Exhibits                                                                   

   (1)  Resolution of the Board of Directors of Transamerica Occidental Life
       Insurance Company ("Transamerica") authorizing establishment of the
Variable Account. (1)                                       

(2)  Not Applicable.                                                  

 (3)  (a)  Master Agreement among Transamerica Occidental Life Insurance
      Company, First Transamerica Life Insurance, Transamerica
         Financial Resources, Inc., Dreyfus Service Corporation, and
Dreyfus Service Organization, Inc. (4)            

        (b)  Principal Agency Agreement between Transamerica Occidental Life
          Insurance Company and Dreyfus Service Organization, Inc. (4)

    (c)  Distribution Agreement between Transamerica Occidental Life
    Insurance Company and Dreyfus Service Corporation. (4)

   (d)  Form of Sales Agreement among Dreyfus Service Corporation,
         Dreyfus Service Organization, Inc., and Broker-Dealers. (4)

         (e)  Amendment Dated as of August 31, 1993, to Master Agreement among
   Transamerica Occidental Life Insurance Company, First
         Transamerica Life Insurance Company, Transamerica Financial
              Resources, Inc., Dreyfus Service Corporation and Dreyfus Service
Organization, Inc. (6)                            

  (f)  Amendment Dated as of August 31, 1993 to Principal Agency
              Agreement between Transamerica Occidental Life Insurance Company
and Dreyfus Service Organization, Inc. (6)        

        (g)  Amendment Dated as of August 31, 1993 to Distribution Agreement
        between Transamerica Occidental Life Insurance Company and
Dreyfus Service Corporation. (6)                  

    (h)  Distribution Agreement between Transamerica Occidental Life
           Insurance Company and Transamerica Insurance Securities Sales
Corporation, dated as of August 24, 1994. (8)     

      (i)  Sales Agreement among Transamerica Insurance Securities Sales
          Corporation, Transamerica Occidental Life Insurance Company,
        First Transamerica Life Insurance Company, Dreyfus Service
              Corporation, and Dreyfus Service Organization, Inc., dated as of
August 24, 1994. (8)                              

        (j)  Services Agreement among Transamerica Occidental Life Insurance
              Company, First Transamerica Life Insurance Company, Transamerica
     Insurance Securities Sales Corporation, Dreyfus Service
              Corporation, and Dreyfus Service Organization, Inc., dated as of
August 24, 1994. (8)                              

P-->485APOS88th Page of 117TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 88th
        (k)  Services Agreement among Transamerica Occidental Life Insurance
              Company, First Transamerica Life Insurance Company, Transamerica
     Insurance Securities Sales Corporation, Dreyfus Service
              Corporation, and Dreyfus Service Organization, Inc., dated as of
August 24, 1994. (8)                              

     (l)  Form of Sales Agreement between Transamerica Occidental Life
        Insurance Company, Transamerica Life Insurance and Annuity
    Company, First Transamerica Life Insurance Company and
Transamerica Securities Sales Corporation. (10)   

     (m)  Principal Underwriting Agreement by and between Transamerica
             Occidental Life Insurance Company, on its own behalf and on the
             behalf of Mutual Fund Account, and AFSG Securities Corporation.
(18)                                              

(n)  Amendment to Principal Underwriting Agreement. (22)    

  (4)  Group Contract Form, Certificate Form, Individual Contract Form and
Endorsements.                                               

(a)  Contract form and Endorsements. (5)                    

            (i)    Form of Flexible Purchase Payment Multi-Funded Deferred
Master Group Annuity Contract. (5)  
         (ii)   Form of Automatic Payout Option Endorsement to Group
Contract. (5)                       
              (iii)  Form of Dollar Cost Averaging Option Endorsement to Group
Contract. (5)                       
              (iv)   Form of Systematic Withdrawal Option Endorsement to Group
Contract. (5)                       
            (v)    Form of Guaranteed Minimum Death Benefit Endorsement to
Group Contract. (5)                 
       (vi)   Form of Fixed Account Rider to Group Contract. (7)

(vii)  Form of Tax Relief Rider. (21)             

(b)  Certificate of Participation Form and Endorsements. (5)

(i)    Form of Certificate of Participation.  (5) 
(ii)   Form of IRA Endorsement to Certificate. (5)
        (iii)  Form of Dollar Cost Averaging Option Endorsement to
Certificate. (5)                    
        (iv)   Form of Systematic Withdrawal Option Endorsement to
Certificate. (5)                    
   (v)    Form of Automatic Payout Option Endorsement to
Certificate. (5)                    
             (vi)   Form of Benefit Distribution Endorsement to Certificate.
(5)                                 
              (vii)  Form of Death Benefit Endorsement to Group Contract. (14)
          (viii) Form of Individual Purchase Payment Endorsement. (14)
          (ix)   Form of Guaranteed Minimum Income Builder Rider. (14)

(x)    Form of Tax Relief Rider.(21)              

(c)  Individual Contract Form and Endorsements. (6)         

            (i)    Form of Flexible Purchase Payment Multi-Funded Deferred
Individual Annuity Contract. (6)    
        (ii)   Form of IRA Endorsement to Individual Contract. (6)
  (iii)  Form of Benefit Distribution Endorsement. (6)
        (iv)   Form of Dollar Cost Averaging Option Endorsement to
Individual Contract. (6)            
        (v)    Form of Systematic Withdrawal Option Endorsement to
Individual Contract. (6)            
              (vi)   Form of Automatic Payout Option Endorsement to Individual
Contract. (6)                       
            (vii)  Form of Guaranteed Minimum Death Benefit Endorsement to
Individual Contract. (6)            
            (viii) Form of Fixed Account Rider to Individual Contract. (7)
(x)    Form of Death Benefit Endorsement. (14)    
       (xi)   Form of Initial Purchase Payment Endoresment. (14)
          (xii)  Form of Guaranteed Minimum Income Benefit Rider. (14)

(xiii) Form of Tax Relief Rider.(21)              

(d)  Individual Contract Form and Endorsements. (22)        

     (5)  (a)  Form of Application for and Acceptance of Group Annuity Contract.
(5)                                               

         (b)  Form of Application for Enrollment under Group Annuity Contract.
(5)                                               

 (c)  Form of Application for Individual Annuity Contract. (6)

(d)  Form of Application for Individual Contract. (22)      

P-->485APOS89th Page of 117TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 89th
(6)  (a)       Restated Articles of Incorporation of Transamerica. (1)

(a)(1)    Articles of Redomestication and Reincorporation of
            Transamerica Occidental Life Insurance Company. (16)

(b)       Restated By-Laws of Transamerica. (1)             

          (b)(1)    Amended and Restated By-Laws of Transamerica Occidental Life
Insurance Company. (16)                 

(7)  Not Applicable.                                                  

     (8)  (a)       Participation Agreement between Transamerica Occidental Life
                   Insurance Company and Dreyfus Variable Investment Fund. (4)

          (b)       Participation Agreement between Transamerica Occidental Life
                  Insurance Company and Dreyfus Life and Annuity Index Fund,
Inc. (4)                                

          (c)       Participation Agreement between Transamerica Occidental Life
              Insurance Company and The Dreyfus Socially Responsible
Growth Fund, Inc. (6)                   

    (d)       Administrative Services Agreement between Transamerica
              Occidental Life Insurance Company and Vantage Computer
Systems, Inc. (4)                       

    (e)       Amendment Dated as of August 31, 1993 to Participation
                Agreement between Transamerica Occidental Life Insurance
         Company and Dreyfus Variable Investment Fund. (6)

    (f)       Amendment Dated as of August 31, 1993 to Participation
                Agreement between Transamerica Occidental Life Insurance
                 Company and Dreyfus Life and Annuity Index Fund, Inc. (6)

    (g)       Amendment Dated as of August 24, 1994 to Participation
                Agreement Dated as of March 3, 1993, As Amended, between
                  Transamerica Occidental Life Insurance Company and Dreyfus
Variable Investment Fund. (8)           

(g)(1)    Fund Participation Agreement (Dreyfus). (19)      
(2)    Amendment to Fund Participation Agreement. (19)

    (h)       Amendment Dated as of August 24, 1994 to Participation
                  Agreement Dated as of August 31, 1993 between Transamerica
              Occidental Life Insurance Company and Dreyfus Socially
Responsible Growth Fund, Inc. (8)       

    (i)       Amendment Dated as of August 24, 1994 to Participation
                Agreement Dated as of March 3, 1993, As Amended, between
                  Transamerica Occidental Life Insurance Company and Dreyfus
Stock Index Fund. (8)                   

  (j)       Form of Participation Agreement (Transamerica). (20)

(9)  (a)       Opinion and Consent of Counsel. (9)                    

(b)       Consent of Counsel. (11)                          

(10)  (a)       Consent of Independent Auditors. (22)                   

(b)       Opinion and Consent of Actuary. (22)              

(11)  No financial statements are omitted from item 23.                 

(12)  Not applicable.                                                   

P-->485APOS90th Page of 117TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 90th
(13) Performance Data Calculations. (6)                               

(14) Not applicable.                                                  

(15) Powers of Attorney.                                              

     Frank Beardsley (12)           Richard N. Latzer (15)
   Thomas J. Cusak (11)           Karen MacDonald (15)
  James W. Dederer (15)          Gary U. Rolle' (15)
     Paul E. Rutledge III (15)      T. Desmond Sugrue (11)
        George A. Foegele (15)         Nooruddin S. Veerjee (15)
    David E. Gooding (15)          Robert A. Watson (11)
      Edgar H. Grubb (11)            Frank C. Herringer (11)
    Patrick S. Baird (15)          Brenda K. Clancy (15)
   Douglas C. Kolsrud (15)        Craig D. Vermie (15)
Ron F. Wagley (17)             Bruce Clark (17) 

(1)  Filed with initial filing of this form N-4 Registration Statement, File No.
33-49998 (July 24, 1992).                                             

(2)  Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 7(c) of Post-Effective Amendment No.1 
 to the Registration Statement of Transamerica Occidental Life Insurance
 Company's Separate Account VL on Form S-6, File No. 33-28107 (April 30,
1990)                                                                 

(3)  Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 7(d) of Post-Effective Amendment No. 2
 to the Registration Statement of Transamerica Occidental Life Insurance
 Company's Separate Account VL on Form S-6, File No. 33-28107 (April 30,
1991)                                                                 

(4)  Filed with Post-Effective Amendment No. 1 to this Form N-4 Registration    
Statement, File No. 33-49998 (April 30, 1993).                        

(5)  Filed with Post-Effective Amendment No. 3 to this Form N-4 Registration    
Statement, File No. 33-49998 (March 8, 1994).                         

(6)  Filed with Post-Effective Amendment No. 4 to this Form N-4 Registration    
Statement, File No. 33-49998 (April 29, 1994).                        

(7)  Filed with Post-Effective Amendment No. 5 to this Form N-4 Registration    
Statement, File No. 33-49998 (March 1, 1995).                         

(8)  Filed with Post-Effective Amendment No. 6 to this Form N-4 Registration    
Statement File No. 33-49998 (April 28, 1995).                         

(9)  Filed with Post-Effective Amendment No. 7 to this Form N-4 Registration    
Statement File No. 33-49998 (April 26, 1996).                         

(10) Filed with Post-Effective Amendment No. 8 to this Form N-4 Registration    
Statement File No. 33-49998 (April 28, 1997).                         

(11) Filed with Post-Effective Amendment No. 9 to this Form N-4 Registration    
Statement file No. 33-49998 (April 28, 1998).                         

(12) Filed with Post-Effective Amendment No. 10 to this Form N-4 Registration   
Statement file No. 33-49998 (February 26, 1999).                      

(13) Filed with Post-Effective Amendment No. 11 to this Form N-4 Registration   
Statement file No. 33-49998 (April 28, 1999).                         

P-->485APOS91st Page of 117TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 91st
(14) Filed with Post-Effective Amendment No. 13 to this Form N-4 Registration   
Statement file No. 33-49998 (December 6, 1999).                       

(15) Filed with Post-Effective Amendment No. 14 to this Form N-4 Registration   
Statement file No 33-49998 (April 28, 2000)                           

(16) Filed with Post-Effective Amendment No 16 to this Form N-4 Registration    
Statement file No. 33-49998 (February 9, 2001)                        

(17) Filed with Post-Effective Amendment No. 17 to this Form N-4 Registration   
Statement file No. 33-49998 (April 27, 2001)                          

(18) Incorporated by reference to the Initial Filing of Form S-6 Registration   
Statement (File No. 333-91851) filed on November 30, 1999.            

(19) Incorporated by reference to Pre-Effective Amendment No. 1 to N-4          
  Registration Statement (File No. 333-63086) filed on September 13, 2001.

(20) Incorporated by reference to Post-Effective Amendment No. 26 to N-4        
Registration Statement (file No. 33-33085) filed on October 2, 2001.  

(21) Filed herewith.                                                            

(22) To be filed by Amendment.                                                  

Item 25.  List of Directors and Officers of the Depositor                       

Principal Positions and       
Name                     Offices with Depositor                                 
----                     ----------------------                                 

Patrick S. Baird         Director                                               

Ron F. Wagley            Director, President - Insurance Products Division      

Brenda K. Clancy         Director, Senior Vice President, Corporate             

Douglas C. Kolsrud       Director, Senior Vice President, Investment Division   

Karen MacDonald          Executive Vice President and Chief Operating           
Officer                       

Craig D. Vermie          Director, Vice President and Counsel, Corporate        

Bruce Clark              Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President      

Frank A. Camp            Vice President and Financial Markets Division          
General Counsel               

P-->485APOS92nd Page of 117TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 92nd
Item 26.  Persons Controlled by or under Common Control With the Depositor or   
Registrant.                                                                     

                                                        [Enlarge/Download Table]

                                Jurisdiction of  Percent of Voting                              
Name                             Incorporation   Securities Owned              Business         
----                            ---------------  -----------------             --------         
                                                                                                
AEGON N.V.                      Netherlands      51.16% of Vereniging          Holding company  
                                                 AEGON Netherlands                              
                                                 Membership Association                         

Groninger Financieringen B.V.   Netherlands      100% AEGON N.V.               Holding company  

AEGON Netherland N.V.           Netherlands      100% AEGON N.V.               Holding company  

AEGON Nevak Holding B.V.        Netherlands      100% AEGON N.V.               Holding company  

AEGON International N.V.        Netherlands      100% AEGON N.V.               Holding company  

Voting Trust Trustees:          Delaware                                       Voting Trust     
K.J.Storm                                                                                       
Donald J. Shepard H.B.                                                                          
Van Wijk Dennis Hersch                                                                          

AEGON U.S. Holding Corporation  Delaware         100% Voting Trust             Holding company  

Short Hills Management Company  New Jersey       100% AEGON U.S.               Holding company  
                                                 Holding Corporation                            

COPRA Reinsurance Company       New York         100% AEGON U.S.               Holding company  
                                                 Holding Corporation                            

AEGON Management Company        Indiana          100% AEGON U.S.               Holding company  
                                                 Holding Corporation                            

AEGON USA, Inc.                 Iowa             100% AEGON U.S.               Holding company  

RCC North America Inc.          Delaware         100% AEGON U.S.               Real estate      

Transamerica Holding Company    Delaware         100% AEGON USA, Inc.          Holding company  

AEGON Funding Corp.             Delaware         100% Transamerica             Issue debt       
                                                 Holding Corporation           securities-net   
                                                                               proceeds used to 
                                                                               make loans to    
                                                                               affiliates       

First AUSA Life Insurance       Maryland         100% Transamerica Holding     Insurance holding
Company                                          Company                       company          

AUSA Life Insurance             New York         82.33% First AUSA Life        Insurance        
Company, Inc.                                    Insurance Company                              
                                                 17.67% Veterans Life                           
                                                 Insurance Company                              

Life Investors Insurance        Iowa             100% First AUSA Life Ins. Co. Insurance        
Company of America                                                                              

P-->485APOS93rd Page of 117TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 93rd
                                                        [Enlarge/Download Table]

                                                                                              
Life Investors Alliance, LLC   Delaware       100% LIICA                    Purchase, own, and
                                                                            hold the equity   
                                                                            interest of other 
                                                                            entities          

Great American Insurance       Iowa           100 % LIICA                   Marketing         
Agency, Inc.                                                                                  

Bankers United Life            Iowa           100% Life Investors           Insurance         
Assurance Company                             Insurance Company of America                    

Transamerica Life Insurance    Iowa           100% First AUSA Life Ins. Co. Insurance         
Company                                                                                       

AEGON Financial Services       Minnesota      100% PFL Life Insurance Co.   Marketing         
Group, Inc.                                                                                   

AEGON Assignment Corporation   Kentucky       100% AEGON Financial          Administrator of  
of Kentucky                                   Services Group, Inc.          structured        
                                                                            settlements       

AEGON Assignment Corporation   Illinois       100% AEGON Financial          Administrator of  
                                              Services Group, Inc.          structured        
                                                                            settlements       

Southwest Equity Life Ins. Co. Arizona        100% of Common Voting Stock   Insurance         
                                              First AUSA Life Ins. Co.                        

Iowa Fidelity Life Insurance   Arizona        100% of Common Voting Stock   Insurance         
Co.                                           First AUSA Life Ins. Co.                        

Western Reserve Life           Ohio           100% First AUSA Life Ins. Co. Insurance         
 Assurance Co. of Ohio                                                                        

WRL Series Fund, Inc.          Maryland       Various                       Mutual fund       

WRL Investment Services, Inc.  Florida        100% Western Reserve Life     Provides          
                                              Assurance Co. of Ohio         administration for
                                                                            affiliated mutual 
                                                                            fund              

WRL Investment                 Florida        100% Western Reserve Life     Registered        
Management, Inc.                              Assurance Co. of Ohio         Investment advisor

ISI Insurance Agency, Inc.     California     100% Western Reserve Life     Insurance agency  
and Subsidiaries                              Assurance Co. of Ohio                           

ISI Insurance Agency           Alabama        100% ISI Insurance Agency,    Insurance agency  
of Alabama, Inc.                              Inc.                                            

ISI Insurance Agency           Ohio           100% ISI Insurance Agency,    Insurance agency  
of Ohio, Inc.                                 Inc.                                            

ISI Insurance Agency           Massachusetts  100% ISI Insurance Agency,    Insurance agency  
of Massachusetts, Inc.                        Inc.                                            

ISI Insurance Agency           Texas          100% ISI Insurance Agency,    Insurance agency  
of Texas, Inc.                                Inc.                                            


P-->485APOS94th Page of 117TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 94th
                                                        [Enlarge/Download Table]

                                                                                                
ISI Insurance Agency            Hawaii       100% ISI Insurance Agency,    Insurance agency     
of Hawaii, Inc.                                           Inc.                                  

ISI Insurance Agency            New Mexico   100% ISI Insurance Agency,    Insurance agency     
of New Mexico, Inc.                          Inc.                                               

AEGON Equity Group, Inc.        Florida      100% Western Reserve Life     Insurance agency     
                                             Assurance Co. of Ohio                              

Monumental General Casualty     Maryland     100% First AUSA Life Ins. Co. Insurance            
Co.                                                                                             

United Financial Services,      Maryland     100% First AUSA Life Ins. Co. General agency       
Inc.                                                                                            

Bankers Financial Life Ins.     Arizona      100% First AUSA Life Ins. Co. Insurance            
Co.                                                                                             

The Whitestone Corporation      Maryland     100% First AUSA Life Ins. Co. Insurance agency     

Cadet Holding Corp.             Iowa         100% First AUSA Life Ins. Co. Holding company      

Monumental General Life         Puerto Rico  51% First AUSA Life           Insurance            
Insurance Company of                         Insurance Company                                  
Puerto Rico                                  49% Baldrich & Associates                          
                                             of Puerto Rico                                     

AUSA Holding Company            Maryland     100% AEGON USA, Inc.          Holding company      

Monumental General Insurance    Maryland     100% AUSA Holding Co.         Holding company      
Group, Inc.                                                                                     

Trip Mate Insurance Agency,     Kansas       100% Monumental General       Sale/admin. of       
Inc.                                         Insurance Group, Inc.         travel insurance     

Monumental General              Maryland     100% Monumental General       Provides management  
Administrators, Inc.                         Insurance Group, Inc.         srvcs. to            
                                                                           unaffiliated third   
                                                                           party administrator  

National Association            Maryland     100% Monumental General       Provides actuarial   
Management and Consultant                    Administrators, Inc.          consulting services  
Services, Inc.                                                                                  

Monumental General Mass         Maryland     100% Monumental General       Marketing arm for    
Marketing, Inc.                              Insurance Group, Inc.         sale of mass         
                                                                           marketed insurance   
                                                                           coverage             

Transamerica Capital, Inc.      California   100% AUSA Holding Co.         Broker/Dealer        

Endeavor Management Company     California   100% AUSA Holding Co.         Investment Management

Universal Benefits Corporation  Iowa         100% AUSA Holding Co.         Third party          
                                                                           administrator        

P-->485APOS95th Page of 117TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 95th
                                                        [Enlarge/Download Table]

                                                                                                  
Investors Warranty of           Iowa           100% AUSA Holding Co.         Provider of          
America, Inc.                                                                automobile extended  
                                                                             maintenance contracts

Massachusetts Fidelity Trust    Iowa           100% AUSA Holding Co.         Trust company        
Co.                                                                                               

Money Service, Inc.             Delaware       100% AUSA Holding Co.         Provides financial   
                                                                             counseling for       
                                                                             employees and agents 
                                                                             of affiliated        
                                                                             companies            

ADB Corporation, L.L.C.         Delaware       100% Money Services, Inc.     Special purpose      
                                                                             limited Liability    
                                                                             company              

ORBA Insurance Services, Inc.   California     26.91% Money Services, Inc.   Insurance agency     

Great Companies, L.L.C.         Iowa           30% Money Services, Inc.      Markets & sells      
                                                                             mutual funds &       
                                                                             individually managed 
                                                                             accounts             

Roundit, Inc.                   Maryland       50% AUSA Holding Co.          Financial services   

Zahorik Company, Inc.           California     100% AUSA Holding Co.         Broker-Dealer        

ZCI, Inc.                       Alabama        100% Zahorik Company, Inc.    Insurance agency     

Zahorik Texas, Inc.             Texas          100% Zahorik Company, Inc.    Insurance agency     

Long, Miller & Associates,      California     33-1/3% AUSA Holding Co.      Insurance agency     
L.L.C.                                                                                            

AEGON Asset Management          Delaware       100% AUSA Holding Co.         Registered investment
Services, Inc.                                                               advisor              

InterSecurities, Inc.           Delaware       100% AUSA Holding Co.         Broker-Dealer        

Associated Mariner Financial    Michigan       100% InterSecurities, Inc.    Holding company/     
Group, Inc.                                                                  management services  

Associated Mariner Ins. Agency  Massachusetts  100% Associated Mariner       Insurance agency     
of Massachusetts, Inc.                         Agency, Inc.                                       

Associated Mariner Agency       Ohio           100% Associated Mariner       Insurance agency     
Ohio, Inc.                                     Agency, Inc.                                       

Associated Mariner Agency       Texas          100% Associated Mariner       Insurance agency     
Texas, Inc.                                    Agency, Inc.                                       

PIA 2000-A, L.P.                Delaware       Intersecurities, Inc. is the  Private placement    
                                               General Partner               investment limited   
                                                                             partnership          

Idex Investor Services, Inc.    Florida        100% AUSA Holding Co.         Shareholder services 

Idex Management, Inc.           Delaware       100% AUSA Holding Co.         Investment advisor   


P-->485APOS96th Page of 117TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 96th
                                                        [Enlarge/Download Table]

                                                                                                  
IDEX Mutual Funds            Massachusetts  Various                         Mutual fund           

Diversified Investment       Delaware       100% AUSA Holding Co.           Registered investment 
Advisor, Inc.                                                               advisor               

Diversified Investors        Delaware       100% Diversified Investment     Broker-Dealer         
Securities Corp.                            Advisors, Inc.                                        

George Beram & Company, Inc. Massachusetts  100% Diversified Investment     Employee benefit and  
                                            Advisors, Inc.                  actuarial consulting  

AEGON USA Securities, Inc.   Iowa           100% AUSA Holding Co.           Broker-Dealer         
                                                                            (De-registered)       

Creditor Resources, Inc.     Michigan       100% AUSA Holding Co.           Credit insurance      

CRC Creditor Resources       Canada         100% Creditor Resources, Inc.   Insurance agency      
Canadian Dealer Network Inc.                                                                      

AEGON USA Investment         Iowa           100% AUSA Holding Co.           Investment advisor    
Management, Inc.                                                                                  

AEGON USA Realty             Iowa           100% AUSA Holding Co.           Provides real estate  
Advisors, Inc.                                                              administrative and    
                                                                            real estate investment

AEGON USA Real Estate        Delaware       100% AEGON USA Realty           Real estate and       
Services, Inc.                              Advisors, Inc.                  mortgage holding      
                                                                            company               

QSC Holding, Inc.            Delaware       100% AEGON USA Realty           Real estate and       
                                            Advisors, Inc.                  financial software    
                                                                            production and sales  

Landauer Associates, Inc.    Delaware       100% AEGON USA Realty           Real estate counseling
                                            Advisors, Inc.                                        

Landauer Realty Associates,  Texas          100% Landauer Associates, Inc.  Real estate counseling
Inc.                                                                                              

Realty Information Systems,  Iowa           100% AEGON USA Realty           Information Systems   
Inc.                                        Advisors, Inc.                  for real estate       
                                                                            investment management 

USP Real Estate Investment   Iowa           12.89% First AUSA Life Ins. Co. Real estate           
Trust                                       13.11% PFL Life Ins. Co.        investment trust      
                                            4.86% Bankers United Life                             
                                            Assurance Co.                                         

RCC Properties Limited       Iowa           AEGON USA Realty Advisors,      Limited Partnership   
Partnership                                 Inc. is General Partner and 5%                        
                                            owner.                                                

Commonwealth General         Delaware       100% Transamerica Holding       Holding company       
Corporation ("CGC")                         Company                                               

AFSG Securities Corporation  Pennsylvania   100% CGC                        Broker-Dealer         

P-->485APOS97th Page of 117TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 97th
                                                        [Enlarge/Download Table]

                                                                                               
Benefit Plans, Inc.             Delaware        100% CGC                 TPA for Peoples       
                                                                         Security Life         
                                                                         Insurance Company     

AEGON Alliances, Inc.           Virginia        100% Benefit Plans, Inc. General agent         

Capital 200 Block Corporation   Delaware        100% CGC                 Real estate holdings  

Commonwealth General            Kentucky        100% CGC                 Administrator of      
Assignment Corporation                                                   structured settlements

AEGON Institutional Markets,    Delaware        100% CGC                 Provider of           
Inc.                                                                     investment, marketing 
                                                                         and admin. services   
                                                                         to ins. cos.          

Monumental Agency Group, Inc.   Kentucky        100% CGC                 Provider of services  
                                                                         to insurance companies

Ampac Insurance Agency, Inc.    Pennsylvania    100% CGC                 Provider of           
(EIN 23-1720755)                                                         management support    
                                                                         services              

Compass Rose Development        Pennsylvania    100% Ampac Insurance     Special-purpose       
Corporation                                     Agency, Inc.             subsidiary            

Financial Planning Services,    Dist. Columbia  100% Ampac Insurance     Special-purpose       
Inc.                                            Agency, Inc.             subsidiary            

Frazer Association              Illinois        100% Ampac Insurance     TPA license-holder    
Consultants, Inc.                               Agency, Inc.                                   

National Home Life Corporation  Pennsylvania    100% Ampac Insurance     Special-purpose       
                                                Agency, Inc.             subsidiary            

Valley Forge Associates, Inc.   Pennsylvania    100% Ampac Insurance     Furniture & equipment 
                                                Agency, Inc.             lessor                

Veterans Benefit Plans, Inc.    Pennsylvania    100% Ampac Insurance     Administrator of      
                                                Agency, Inc.             group insurance       
                                                                         programs              

Veterans Insurance Services,    Delaware        100% Ampac Insurance     Special-purpose       
Inc.                                            Agency, Inc.             subsidiary            

Academy Insurance Group, Inc.   Delaware        100% CGC                 Holding company       

Academy Life Insurance Co.      Missouri        100% Academy Insurance   Insurance company     
                                                Group, Inc.                                    

Pension Life Insurance          New Jersey      100% Academy Life        Insurance company     
Company of America                              Insurance Company                              

FED Financial, Inc.             Delaware        100% Academy Insurance   Special-purpose       
                                                Group, Inc.              subsidiary            


P-->485APOS98th Page of 117TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 98th
                                                        [Enlarge/Download Table]

                                                                                                 
Ammest Development Corp. Inc.  Kansas         100% Academy Insurance       Special-purpose       
                                              Group, Inc.                  subsidiary            

Ammest Insurance Agency, Inc.  California     100% Academy Insurance       General agent         
                                              Group, Inc.                                        

Ammest Massachusetts           Massachusetts  100% Academy Insurance       Special-purpose       
Insurance Agency, Inc.                        Group, Inc.                  subsidiary            

Ammest Realty, Inc.            Pennsylvania   100% Academy Insurance       Special-purpose       
                                              Group, Inc.                  subsidiary            

Ampac, Inc.                    Texas          100% Academy Insurance       Managing general agent
                                              Group, Inc.                                        

Ampac Insurance Agency, Inc.   Pennsylvania   100% Academy Insurance       Special-purpose       
(EIN 23-2364438)                              Group, Inc.                  subsidiary            

Force Financial Group, Inc.    Delaware       100% Academy Insurance       Special-purpose       
                                              Group, Inc.                  subsidiary            

Force Financial Services, Inc. Massachusetts  100% Force Financial Group,  Special-purpose       
                                              Inc.                         subsidiary            

Military Associates, Inc.      Pennsylvania   100% Academy Insurance       Special-purpose       
                                              Group, Inc.                  subsidiary            

NCOAA Management Company       Texas          100% Academy Insurance       Special-purpose       
                                              Group, Inc.                  subsidiary            

NCOA Motor Club, Inc.          Georgia        100% Academy Insurance       Automobile club       
                                              Group, Inc.                                        

Unicom Administrative          Pennsylvania   100% Academy Insurance       Provider of admin.    
Services, Inc.                                Group, Inc.                  services              

Unicom Administrative          Germany        100% Unicom Administrative   Provider of admin.    
Services, GmbH                                Services, Inc.               services              

Capital General Development    Delaware       100% CGC                     Holding company       
Corporation                                                                                      

Monumental Life                Maryland       73.33% Capital General       Insurance company     
Insurance Company                             Development Company                                
                                              26.77% First AUSA Life                             
                                              Insurance Company                                  

AEGON Special Markets          Maryland       100% Monumental Life         Marketing company     
Group, Inc.                                   Insurance Company                                  

Peoples Benefit Life           Iowa           3.7% CGC                     Insurance company     
Insurance Company                             20.0% Capital Liberty, L.P.                        
                                              76.3% Monumental Life                              
                                              Insurance Company                                  

P-->485APOS99th Page of 117TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 99th
                                                        [Enlarge/Download Table]

                                                                                                  
Veterans Life Insurance Co.    Illinois      100% Peoples Benefit            Insurance company    
                                             Life Insurance Company                               

Peoples Benefit Services, Inc. Pennsylvania  100% Veterans Life Insurance    Special-purpose      
                                             Company                         subsidiary           

Coverna Direct Insurance       Maryland      100% Peoples Benefit            Insurance agency     
Services, Inc.                               Life Insurance Company                               

Ammest Realty Corporation      Texas         100% Monumental Life            Special-purpose      
                                             Insurance Company               subsidiary           

JMH Operating Company, Inc.    Mississippi   100% People's Benefit Life      Real estate holdings 
                                             Insurance Company                                    

Capital Liberty, L.P.          Delaware      99.0% Monumental Life           Holding company      
                                             Insurance Company                                    
                                             1.0% CGC                                             

Transamerica Corporation       Delaware      100% AEGON NV                   Major interest in    
("TAC")                                                                      insurance and finance

AEGON Funding Company II       Delaware      100% TAC                        Commercial paper     
                                                                             insurance            

Transamerica Pacific           Hawaii        100% TAC                        Life insurance       
Insurance Company, Ltd.                                                                           

TREIC Enterprises, Inc.        Delaware      100% TFC                        Investments          

ARC Reinsurance Corporation    Hawaii        100% Transamerica Corp.         Property & Casualty  
                                                                             Insurance            

Transamerica Management, Inc.  Delaware      100% ARC Reinsurance Corp.      Asset management     

Inter-America Corporation      California    100% Transamerica Corp.         Insurance Broker     

Pyramid Insurance Company,     Hawaii        100% Transamerica Corp.         Property & Casualty  
Ltd.                                                                         Insurance            

Transamerica Business Tech     Delaware      100% Transamerica Corp.         Telecommunications   
Corp.                                                                        and data processing  

Transamerica CBO I, Inc.       Delaware      100% Transamerica Corp.         Owns and manages a   
                                                                             pool of high-yield   
                                                                             bonds                

Transamerica Corporation       Oregon        100% Transamerica Corp.         Name holding only -  
(Oregon)                                                                     Inactive             

Transamerica Finance Corp.     Delaware      100% Transamerica Corp.         Commercial & Consumer
                                                                             Lending & equipment  
                                                                             leasing              

TA Leasing Holding Co., Inc.   Delaware      100% Transamerica Finance Corp. Holding company      

P-->485APOS100th Page of 117TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 100th
                                                        [Enlarge/Download Table]

                                                                                                
Trans Ocean Ltd.               Delaware     100% TA Leasing Holding Co.    Holding company      
                                            Inc.                                                

Trans Ocean Container Corp.    Delaware     100% Trans Ocean Ltd.          Intermodal leasing   
("TOCC")                                                                                        

SpaceWise Inc.                 Delaware     100% TOCC                      Intermodal leasing   

Trans Ocean Container          Delaware     100% TOL                       Intermodal leasing   
Finance Corp.                                                                                   

Trans Ocean Leasing            Germany      100% TOCC                      Intermodal leasing   
Deutschland GmbH                                                                                

Trans Ocean Leasing PTY Ltd.   Austria      100% TOCC                      Intermodal leasing   

Trans Ocean Management S.A.    Switzerland  100% TOCC                      Intermodal leasing   

Trans Ocean Regional           California   100% TOCC                      Holding company      
Corporate Holdings                                                                              

Trans Ocean Tank Services      Delaware     100% TOCC                      Intermodal leasing   
Corp.                                                                                           

Transamerica Leasing Inc.      Delaware     100% TA Leasing Holding Co.    Leases & Services    
                                                                           intermodal equipment 

Transamerica Leasing Holdings  Delaware     100% Transamerica Leasing Inc. Holding company      
Inc. ("TLHI")                                                                                   

Greybox Logistics Services     Delaware     100% TLHI                      Intermodal leasing   
Inc.                                                                                            

Greybox L.L.C. ("G")           Delaware     100% TLHI                      Intermodal freight   
                                                                           container interchange
                                                                           facilitation service 

Transamerica Trailer           France       100% Greybox L.L.C.            Leasing              
Leasing S.N.C.                                                                                  

Greybox Services Limited       U.K.         100% TLHI                      Intermodal leasing   

Intermodal Equipment, Inc.     Delaware     100% TLHI                      Intermodal leasing   

Transamerica Leasing N.V.      Belg.        100% Intermodal Equipment Inc. Leasing              

Transamerica Leasing SRL       Italy        100% Intermodal Equipment Inc. Leasing              

Transamerica Distribution      Delaware     100% TLHI                      Dormant              
Services, Inc.                                                                                  

Transamerica Leasing           Belg.        100% TLHI                      Leasing              
Coordination Center                                                                             

Transamerica Leasing do        Braz.        100% TLHI                      Container Leasing    
Brasil Ltda.                                                                                    

P-->485APOS101st Page of 117TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 101st
                                                        [Enlarge/Download Table]

                                                                                                 
Transamerica Leasing GmbH      Germany      100% TLHI                       Leasing              

Transamerica Trailer Leasing   Poland       100% TLHI                       Leasing              
Sp. z.o.o                                                                                        

Transamerica Leasing Limited   U.K.         100% TLHI                       Leasing              

ICS Terminals (UK) Limited     U.K.         100% Transamerica Leasing       Leasing              
                                            Limited                                              

Transamerica Leasing Pty. Ltd. Australia    100% TLHI                       Leasing              

Transamerica Leasing (Canada)  Canada       100% TLHI                       Leasing              
Inc.                                                                                             

Transmerica Leasing (HK) Ltd.  H.K.         100% TLHI                       Leasing              

Transamerica Leasing           S. Africa    100% TLHI                       In Liquidation -     
(Proprietary) Limited                                                       Intermodal leasing   

Transamerica Trailer Holdings  Delaware     100% TLHI                       Holding company      
I Inc.                                                                                           

Transamerica Trailer Holdings  Delaware     100% TLHI                       Holding company      
II Inc.                                                                                          

Transamerica Trailer Holdings  Delaware     100% TLHI                       Holding company      
III Inc.                                                                                         

Transamerica Trailer Leasing   Swed.        100% TLHI                       Leasing              
AB                                                                                               

Transamerica Trailer Leasing   Switzerland  100% TLHI                       Leasing              
AG                                                                                               

Transamerica Trailer Leasing   Denmark      100% TLHI                       Leasing              
A/S                                                                                              

Transamerica Trailer Leasing   Germany      100% TLHI                       Leasing              
GmbH                                                                                             

Transamerica Trailer Leasing   Belgium      100% TLHI                       Leasing              
(Belgium) N.V.                                                                                   

Transamerica Trailer Leasing   Netherlands  100% TLHI                       Leasing              
(Netherlands) B.V.                                                                               

Transamerica Alquiler de       Spain        100% TLHI                       Leasing              
Trailer Spain S.L.                                                                               

Transamerica Transport Inc.    New Jersey   100% TLHI                       Dormant              

Transamerica Commercial        Delaware     100% Transamerica Finance Corp. Holding company      
Finance Corporation, I                                                                           
("TCFCI")                                                                                        

Transamerica Equipment         Delaware     100% TCFCI                      Investment in Various
Financial Services                                                          equipment leases and 
Corporation                                                                 loans                

P-->485APOS102nd Page of 117TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 102nd
                                                        [Enlarge/Download Table]

                                                                                       
BWAC Credit Corporation         Delaware    100% TCFCI             Inactive            

BWAC International Corporation  Delaware    100% TCFCI             Retail Appliance and
                                                                   furniture stores    

BWAC Twelve, Inc.               Delaware    100% TCFCI             Holding company     

TIFCO Lending Corporation       Illinois    100% BWAC Twelve, Inc. General financing   

Transamerica Insurance          Maryland    100% BWAC Twelve, Inc. Insurance premium   
Finance Corporation ("TIFC")                                       financing           

Transamerica Insurance          California  100% TIFC              Insurance premium   
Finance Corporation,                                                                   
California                                                                             

Transamerica Insurance          Ontario     100% TIFC              Insurance premium   
Finance Corporation, Canada                                        financing           

Transamerica Business Credit    Delaware    100% TCFCI             Lending, leasing &  
Corporation ("TBCC")                                               equipment financing 

Transamerica Mezzanine          Delaware    100% TBCC              Holding company     
Financing, Inc.                                                                        

Bay Capital Corporation         Delaware    100% TBCC              Special purpose     
                                                                   corporation         

Coast Funding Corporation       Delaware    100% TBCC              Special purpose     
                                                                   corporation         

Transamerica Small Business     Delaware    100% TBCC              Holding company     
Capital, Inc. ("TSBC")                                                                 

Transamerica Emergent           Delaware    100% SBCI              Dormant             
Business Capital Holdings,                                                             
Inc.                                                                                   

Gulf Capital Corporation        Delaware    100% TBCC              Special purpose     
                                                                   corporation         

Direct Capital Equity           Delaware    100% TBCC              Small business loans
Investment, Inc.                                                                       

TA Air East, Corp.              Delaware    100% TBCC              Special purpose     
                                                                   corporation         

TA Air I, Corp.                 Delaware    100% TEFS              Special purpose     
                                                                   corporation         

TA Air II, Corp.                Delaware    100% TEFS              Special purpose     
                                                                   corporation         

TA Air III, Corp.               Delaware    100% TBCC              Special purpose     
                                                                   corporation         

P-->485APOS103rd Page of 117TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 103rd
                                                                [Download Table]

                                                        
TA Air IV, Corp.    Delaware  100% TBCC  Special purpose
                                         corporation    

TA Air V, Corp.     Delaware  100% TBCC  Special purpose
                                         corporation    

TA Air VI, Corp.    Delaware  100% TBCC  Special purpose
                                         corporation    

TA Air VII, Corp.   Delaware  100% TBCC  Special purpose
                                         corporation    

TA Air VIII, Corp.  Delaware  100% TBCC  Special purpose
                                         corporation    

TA Air IX, Corp.    Delaware  100% TBCC  Special purpose
                                         corporation    

TA Air X, Corp.     Delaware  100% TBCC  Special purpose
                                         corporation    

TA Air XI, Corp.    Delaware  100% TEFS  Special purpose
                                         corporation    

TA Air XII, Corp.   Delaware  100% TEFS  Special purpose
                                         corporation    

TA Air XIII, Corp.  Delaware  100% TEFS  Special purpose
                                         corporation    

TA Air XIV, Corp.   Delaware  100% TEFS  Special purpose
                                         corporation    

TA Air XV, Corp.    Delaware  100% TEFS  Special purpose
                                         corporation    

TA Air XVI, Corp.   Delaware  100% TEFS  Special purpose
                                         corporation    

TA Air XVII, Corp.  Delaware  100% TEFS  Special purpose
                                         corporation    

TA Air XVIII, Corp. Delaware  100% TEFS  Special purpose
                                         corporation    

TA Air XIX, Corp.   Delaware  100% TEFS  Special purpose
                                         corporation    

TA Air XX, Corp.    Delaware  100% TEFS  Special purpose
                                         corporation    

TA Heli I, Inc.     Delaware  100% TEFS  Special purpose
                                         corporation    

P-->485APOS104th Page of 117TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 104th
                                                                [Download Table]

                                                                   
TA Marine I, Inc.              Delaware  100% TBCC  Special purpose
                                                    corporation    

TA Marine II, Inc.             Delaware  100% TBCC  Special purpose
                                                    corporation    

TA Marine IV, Inc.             Delaware  100% TEFS  Special purpose
                                                    corporation    

TA Marine VI, Inc.             Delaware  100% TEFS  Special purpose
                                                    corporation    

TA Marine V, Inc.              Delaware  100% TEFS  Special purpose
                                                    corporation    

TA Marine III, Corp.           Delaware  100% TEFS  Special purpose
                                                    corporation    

TA Public Finance Air I, Corp. Delaware  100% TEFS  Special purpose
                                                    corporation    

TBC I, Inc.                    Delaware  100% TBCC  Special purpose
                                                    corporation    

TBC II, Inc.                   Delaware  100% TBCC  Special purpose
                                                    corporation    

TBC III, Inc.                  Delaware  100% TBCC  Special purpose
                                                    corporation    

TBC IV, Inc.                   Delaware  100% TBCC  Special purpose
                                                    corporation    

TBC V, Inc.                    Delaware  100% TBCC  Special purpose
                                                    corporation    

TBC VI, Inc.                   Delaware  100% TBCC  Special purpose
                                                    corporation    

TBC Tax I, Inc.                Delaware  100% TBCC  Special purpose
                                                    corporation    

TBC Tax II, Inc.               Delaware  100% TBCC  Special purpose
                                                    corporation    

TBC Tax III, Inc.              Delaware  100% TBCC  Special purpose
                                                    corporation    

TBC Tax IV, Inc.               Delaware  100% TBCC  Special purpose
                                                    corporation    

TBC Tax V, Inc.                Delaware  100% TBCC  Special purpose
                                                    corporation    

P-->485APOS105th Page of 117TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 105th
                                                        [Enlarge/Download Table]

                                                                                                
TBC Tax VI, Inc.                Delaware     100% TBCC                     Special purpose      
                                                                           corporation          

TBC Tax VII, Inc.               Delaware     100% TBCC                     Special purpose      
                                                                           corporation          

TBC Tax VIII, Inc.              Delaware     100% TBCC                     Special purpose      
                                                                           corporation          

TBC Tax IX, Inc.                Delaware     100% TBCC                     Special purpose      
                                                                           corporation          

The Plain Company               Delaware     100% TBCC                     Special purpose      
                                                                           corporation          

Transamerica Distribution       Delaware     100% TCFCI                    Holding company      
Finance Corporation ("TDFC")                                                                    

Transamerica Accounts Holding   Delaware     100% TDFC                     Holding company      
Corp.                                                                                           

Transamerica Commercial         Delaware     100% TIFC                     Finance company      
Finance Corporation ("TCFC")                                                                    

Transamerica Acquisition        Canada       100% TCFCC                    Holding company      
Corporation, Canada                                                                             

Transamerica Distribution       Delaware     100% TCFC                     Commercial Finance   
Finance Corporation -                                                                           
Overseas, Inc. ("TDFOI")                                                                        

TDF Mauritius Limited           Mauritius    100% TDFOI                    Mauritius holding    
                                                                           company              

Inventory Funding Trust         Delaware     100% TCFC                     Delaware Business    
                                                                           Trust                

Inventory Funding Company, LLC  Delaware     100% Inventory Funding Trust  Holding company      

TCF Asset Management            Colorado     100% TCFC                     A depository for     
Corporation                                                                foreclosed real and  
                                                                           personal property    

Transamerica Joint Ventures,    Delaware     100% TCFC                     Holding company      
Inc.                                                                                            

Transamerica Inventory          Delaware     100% TDFC                     Holding company      
Finance Corporation ("TIFC")                                                                    

Transamerica GmbH, Inc.         Delaware     100% TIFC                     Holding company      

Transamerica                    Netherlands  100% Trans. GmbH, Inc.        Commercial lending in
Fincieringsmaatschappij B.V.                                               Europe               

BWAC Seventeen, Inc.            Delaware     100% TIFC                     Holding company      

P-->485APOS106th Page of 117TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 106th
                                                        [Enlarge/Download Table]

                                                                                            
Transamerica Commercial        Ontario     100% BWAC Seventeen, Inc.  Dormant               
Finance Canada, Limited                                                                     

Transamerica Commercial        Canada      100% BWAC Seventeen, Inc.  Commercial finance    
Finance Corporation, Canada                                                                 

TCF Commercial Leasing         Ontario     100% TCFCC                 Dormant               
Corporation, Canada                                                                         

Cantrex Group Inc.             Quebec      76% TACC                   Buying group and      
                                                                      retail merchant       
                                                                      services              

BWAC Twenty-One, Inc.          Delaware    100% TIFC                  Holding company       

Transamerica Commercial        U.K.        100% BWAC Twenty-One Inc.  Commercial lending    
Finance Limited ("TCFL")                                                                    

TDF Credit Insurance Services  U.K.        100% TCFL                  Credit insurance      
Limited                                                               brokerage             

Whirlpool Financial            Poland      100% TCFL                  Inactive - commercial 
Corporation Polska Spozoo                                             finance               

Transamerica Commercial        U.K.        100% BWAC Twenty-One Inc.  Holding company       
Holdings Limited                                                                            

Transamerica Commercial        France      100% TIFC                  Factoring company     
Finance France S.A.                                                                         

Transamerica GmbH              Frankfurt,  100% GmbH                  Commercial lending in 
                               Germany                                Germany               

Transamerica Retail Financial  Delaware    100% TIFC                  Provides retail       
Services Corporation                                                  financing             
("TRFSC")                                                                                   

Transamerica Bank, NA          Delaware    100% TRFSC                 Bank                  

Transamerica Consumer Finance  Delaware    100% TRFSC                 Consumer finance      
Holding Company ("TCFHC")                                             holding company       

Transamerica Mortgage Company  Delaware    100% TCFHC                 Consumer mortgages    

Transamerica Consumer          Delaware    100% TCFHC                 Securitization company
Mortgage Receivables Company                                                                

Metropolitan Mortgage Company  Florida     100% TCFHC                 Consumer mortgages    

Easy Yes Mortgage, Inc.        Florida     100% Metropolitan Mtg. Co. No active             
                                                                      business/Name holding 
                                                                      only                  

Easy Yes Mortgage, Inc.        Georgia     100% Metropolitan Mtg. Co. No active             
                                                                      business/Name holding 
                                                                      only                  

P-->485APOS107th Page of 117TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 107th
                                                        [Enlarge/Download Table]

                                                                                                
First Florida Appraisal         Florida      100% Metropolitan Mtg. Co.    Appraisal and        
Services, Inc.                                                             inspection services  

First Georgia Appraisal         Georgia      100% First FL App. Srvc, Inc. Appraisal services   
Services, Inc.                                                                                  

Freedom Tax Services, Inc.      Florida      100%. Metropolitan Mtg. Co.   Property tax         
                                                                           information services 

J.J. & W. Advertising, Inc.     Florida      100% Metropolitan Mtg. Co.    Advertising and      
                                                                           marketing services   

J.J. & W. Realty Corporation    Florida      100% Metropolitan Mtg. Co.    To hold problem REO  
                                                                           properties           

Liberty Mortgage Company of     Florida      100% Metropolitan Mtg. Co.    No active            
Ft. Myers, Inc.                                                            business/Name holding
                                                                           only                 

Metropolis Mortgage Company     Florida      100% Metropolitan Mtg. Co.    No active            
                                                                           business/Name holding
                                                                           only                 

Perfect Mortgage Company        Florida      100% Metropolitan Mtg. Co.    No active            
                                                                           business/Name holding
                                                                           only                 

Transamerica Vendor Financial   Delaware     100% TDFC                     Provides commercial  
Service Corporation                                                        leasing              

Transamerica Distribution       Mexico       99% TCFC                      Holding company in   
Finance Corporation de                                                     Mexican subsidiaries 
Mexico S. de R.L. de C.V.                                                                       

TDF de Mexico S. de R.L. de     Mexico       99% TDFC Mex                  Service company for  
C.V.                                                                       Whirlpool receivables

Transamerica Corporate          Mexico       99% TDFC Mex                  Holds employees      
Services De Mexico S. de R.L.                                                                   
de CV                                                                                           

Transamerica Distribution       Mexico       99% TCFC                      Finance company      
Finance Factorje S.A. de C.V.                                                                   

Transamerica Distribution                                                                       
Finance Insurance Services,    Illinois     100% TCFC                      Finance company      
Inc.                                                                                            

Transamerica Flood Hazard       Delaware     100% TAC                      Flood Zone           
Certification, Inc.                                                        certification service

Transamerica Home Loan          California   100% TFC                      Consumer mortgages   

Transamerica Lending Company    Delaware     100% TFC                      In liquidation -     
                                                                           lending              

Transamerica Public Finance,    Delaware     70% TFC                       Financial Services   
LLC                                                                                             

Transamerica Financial          California   100% Transamerica Corp.       Investments          
Products, Inc.                                                                                  

P-->485APOS108th Page of 117TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 108th
                                                        [Enlarge/Download Table]

                                                                                                 
Transamerica Insurance          Iowa           100% TIHI                   Holding company       
Corporation ("TIC")                                                                              

Arbor Life Insurance Company    Arizona        100% TIC                    Life insurance,       
                                                                           disability insurance  

Plaza Insurance Sales Inc.      California     100% TIC                    Casualty insurance    
                                                                           placement             

Transamerica Advisors, Inc.     California     100% TIC                    Retail sale of        
                                                                           investment advisory   
                                                                           services              

Transamerica Annuity Services   New Mexico     100% TIC                    Performs services     
Corp.                                                                      required for          
                                                                           structured settlements

Transamerica Financial          Delaware       100% TIC                    Retail sale of        
Resources, Inc.                                                            securities products   

Financial Resources Insurance   Texas          100% Transamerica Fin. Res. Retail sale of        
Agency of Texas                                                            securities products   

TBK Insurance Agency            Ohio           100% Transamerica Fin. Res. Variable insurance    
of Ohio, Inc.                                                              contract sales in     
                                                                           state of Ohio         

Transamerica Financial          Alabama        100% Transamerica Fin. Res. Insurance agent &     
Resources Agency of Alabama,                                               broker                
Inc.                                                                                             

Transamerica Financial          Massachusetts  100% Transamerica Fin. Res. Insurance agent &     
Resources Ins. Agency of                                                   broker                
Massachusetts, Inc.                                                                              

Transamerica International      Delaware       100% TIC                    Holding &             
Insurance Services, Inc.                                                   administering foreign 
("TIISI")                                                                  operations            

AEGON Canada Inc. ("ACI")       Canada         100% TIHI                   Holding company       

Transamerica Life Canada        Canada         100% ACI                    Life insurance company

Home Loans and Finance Ltd.     U.K.           100% TIISI                  Inactive              

Transamerica Occidental Life    Iowa           100% TIC                    Life insurance        
Insurance Company ("TOLIC")                                                                      

NEF Investment Company          California     100% TOLIC                  Real estate           
                                                                           development           

Transamerica China              Hong Kong      99% TOLIC                   Holding company       
Investments Holdings Limited                                                                     

Transamerica Life Insurance     N. Carolina    100% TOLIC                  Life insurance        
and Annuity Company                                                                              
("TALIAC")                                                                                       

Transamerica Assurance Company  Missouri       100% TALIAC                 Life and disability   
                                                                           insurance             

P-->485APOS109th Page of 117TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 109th
                                                                [Download Table]

                                                                              
Gemini Investments, Inc.        Delaware    100% TALIAC  Investment subsidiary

Transamerica Life Insurance     Canada      100% TOLIC   Sells individual life
Company of Canada                                        insurance &          
                                                         investment products  
                                                         in all provinces and 
                                                         territories of Canada

Transamerica Life Insurance     New York    100% TOLIC   Insurance sales      
Company of New York                                                           

Transamerica South Park         Delaware    100% TOLIC   Market analysis      
Resources, Inc.                                                               

Transamerica Variable           Maryland    100% TOLIC   Mutual Fund          
Insurance Fund                                                                

USA Administration Services,    Kansas      100% TOLIC   Third party          
Inc.                                                     administrator        

Transamerica Products, Inc.     California  100% TIC     Holding company      
("TPI")                                                                       

Transamerica Products II, Inc.  California  100% TPI     Co-general partner   

Transamerica Products IV, Inc.  California  100% TPI     Co-general partner   

Transamerica Products I, Inc.   California  100% TPI     Co-general partner   

Transamerica Securities Sales   Maryland    100% TIC     Life insurance sales 
Corp.                                                                         

Transamerica Service Company    Delaware    100% TIC     Passive loss tax     
                                                         service              

Transamerica International RE   Bermuda     100% TAC     Reinsurance          
(Bermuda) Ltd.                                                                

Transamerica Intellitech, Inc.  Delaware    100% TFC     Real estate          
                                                         information and      
                                                         technology services  

Transamerica International      Delaware    100% TAC     Holding company      
Holdings, Inc. ("TIHI")                                                       

Transamerica Investment         Delaware    100% TAC     Investment adviser   
Services, Inc. ("TISI")                                                       

Transamerica Income Shares,     Maryland    100% TISI    Mutual fund          
Inc.                                                                          

Transamerica LP Holdings Corp.  Delaware    100% TAC     Limited partnership  
                                                         investment           

Transamerica Real Estate Tax    Delaware    100% TFC     Real estate tax      
Service, Inc.                                            reporting and        
                                                         processing services  

Transamerica Realty Services,   Delaware    100% TAC     Real estate          
Inc. ("TRS")                                             investments          

Bankers Mortgage Company of CA  California  100% TRS     Investment management

P-->485APOS110th Page of 117TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 110th
                                                                [Download Table]

                                                                             
Pyramid Investment Corporation  Delaware    100% TRS   Real estate company   

The Gilwell Company             California  100% TRS   Ground lessee of 517  
                                                       Washington Street,    
                                                       San Francisco         

Transamerica Affordable         California  100% TRS   General partner LHTC  
Housing, Inc.                                          Partnership           

Transamerica Minerals Company   California  100% TRS   Owner and lessor of   
                                                       oil and gas properties

Transamerica Oakmont            California  100% TRS   General partner       
Corporation                                            retirement properties 

Transamerica Senior             Delaware    100% TAC   Owns retirement       
Properties, Inc. ("TSPI")                              properties            

Transamerica Senior Living,     Delaware    100% TSPI  Manages retirement    
Inc.                                                   properties            

P-->485APOS111th Page of 117TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 111th
Item 27. Number of Certificate Owners                                           

As of December 31, 2001 there were______ Owners of Contracts.                   

Item 28.  Indemnification                                                       

     The Iowa Code (Sections 490.850 et. seq.) provides for permissive
indemnification in certain situations, mandatory indemnification in other       
situations, and prohibits indemnification in certain situations. The code also  
specifies procedures for determining when indemnification payments can be       
made.                                                                           

Insofar as indemnification for liabilities arising under the
Securities Act of 1933 may be permitted to directors, officers and controlling  
persons of the Depositor pursuant to the foregoing provisions, or otherwise, the
Depositor has been advised that in the opinion of the Securities and Exchange   
Commission such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Act
and is, therefore, unenforceable. In the event a claim for indemnification      
against such liabilities (other than the payment by the Depositor of expenses   
incurred or paid by a director, officer or controlling person in connection with
the securities being registered), the Depositor will, unless in the opinion of  
its counsel the matter has been settled by controlling precedent, submit to a   
court of appropriate jurisdiction the question whether such indemnification by  
it is against public policy as expressed in the Act and will be goverened by the
final adjudication of such issue.                                               

P-->485APOS112th Page of 117TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 112th
Item 29.  Principal Underwriter                                                 

AFSG Securities Corporation                                                     
4333 Edgewood Road N.E.                                                         
Cedar Rapids, IA 52499-0001                                                     

The directors and officers of AFSG Securities Corporation are as follows/(5)/:  

Larry N. Norman                           Anne Spaes                            
Director and President                    Director and Vice President           

Lisa Wachanedorf                         Darin Smith                            
Director, Vice President and              Vice President and                    
Chief Compliance Officer                  Assistant Secretary                   

Thomas R. Moriarty                        Emily Bates                           
Vice President                            Assistant Treasurer                   

Priscilla Hechler                         Clifton Flenniken                     
Assistant Vice President and              Assistant Treasurer                   
Assistant Secretary                                                             

Thomas Pierpan                                                                  
Assistant Vice President and                                                    
Assistant Secretary                                                             

/(5)/     The principal business address of each person listed is AFSG          
      Securities Corporation, 4333 Edgewood Road, N.E., Cedar Rapids, IA
52499-0001.                                                 

Prior to May 1, 2002, Transamerica Securities Sales Corporation ("TSSC") and    
Transamerica Financial Resources ("TFR") were co-principal underwriters of the  
contracts. TSSC and TFR received $_______________, $40,610,303.26 and           
$17,147,205.77 from the Registrant for the years ending December 31, 2001,      
December 31, 2000 and December 31, 1999 respectively, for its services in       
distributing the policies. No other commission or compensation was received by  
TSSC or TFR, directly or indirectly, from the Registrant during the fiscal year.
As of May 1, 2002, AFSG Securities Corporation, an affiliate of Transamerica, is
the principal underwriter of the contracts and may enter into agreements with   
broker-dealers for the distribution of the contracts.                           

AFSG Securities Corporation serves as the principal underwriter for Separate    
Account VA B, the Retirement Builder Variable Annuity Account, Separate Account 
VA A, Separate Account VA C, Separate Account VA D, Separate Account VA E,      
Separate Account VA F, Separate Account VA I, Separate Account VA J, Separate   
Account VL A and Legacy Builder Variable Life Separate Account. These accounts  
are separate accounts of Transamerica Life Insurance Company.                   

AFSG Securities Corporation serves as principal underwriter for Separate Account
VA BNY, Separate Account C and AUSA Series Life Account. These accounts are     
separate accounts of AUSA Life Insurance Company, Inc.                          

AFSG Securities Corporation serves as principal underwriter for Separate Account
I, Separate Account II and Separate Account V. These accounts are accounts of   
Peoples Benefit Life Insurance Company.                                         

AFSG Securities Corporation serves as principal underwriter for WRL Series Life 
Account, WRL Series Annuity Account and WRL Series Annuity Account B. These     
accounts are separate accounts of Western Reserve Life Assurance Co. of Ohio.   

AFSG Securities Corporation also serves as principal underwriter for            
Transamerica Occidental Life Separate Account VUL-3 and Separate Account VA-2L. 
These accounts are separate accounts of Transamerica Occidental Life Insurance  
Company.                                                                        

P-->485APOS113th Page of 117TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 113th
Item 30. Location and Accounts and Records                                      

All accounts and records required to be maintained by Section 31(a) of the 1940 
Act and the rules under it are maintained by Transamerica or the Service Office 
at their administrative offices.                                                

Item 31. Management Services                                                    

All management contracts are discussed in Parts A or B.                         

Items 32. Undertakings                                                          

 (a)  Registrant undertakes that it will file a post-effective amendment to this
registration statement as frequently as necessary to ensure that the
     audited financial statements in the registration statement are never more
 than 16 months old for so long as payments under the variable annuity
contracts may be accepted.                                          

(b)  Registrant undertakes that it will include either (1) as part of any     
      application to purchase a Certificate or an Individual Contract offered by
      the Prospectus, a space that an applicant can check to request a Statement
of Additional Information, or (2) a post card or similar written    
     communication affixed to or included in the Prospectus that the applicant
can remove to send for a Statement of Additional Information.       

(c)  Registrant undertakes to deliver any Statement of Additional Information 
      and any financial statements required to be made available under this Form
   promptly upon written or oral request to Transamerica at the address or
phone number listed in the Prospectus.                              

(d)  Registrant represents that it is relying on a no-action letter dated     
  November 28, 1988, to the American Council of Life Insurance (Ref. No.
   IP-6-88) regarding Sections 22(e), 27(c)(i) and 27(d) of the Investment
 Company Act of 1940, in connection with redeemability restrictions on
    Section 403(b) policies, and that paragraphs numbered (1) through (4) of
that letter will be complied with.                                  

P-->485APOS114th Page of 117TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 114th
(e)  Transamerica hereby represents that the fees and the charges deducted    
    under the Contracts, in the aggregate, are reasonable in relation to the
  services rendered, the expenses expected to be incurred, and the risks
assumed by Transamerica.                                            

P-->485APOS115th Page of 117TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 115th
SIGNATURES  

As required by the Securities Act of 1933 and the Investment Company Act of     
1940, the Registrant has caused this Registration Statement to be signed on its 
behalf, in the City of Cedar Rapids and State of Iowa, on this 16th day of      
January, 2002.                                                                  

            SEPARATE ACCOUNT VA-2L

 TRANSAMERICA OCCIDENTAL
 LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY
 (DEPOSITOR)

                 /s/ Frank A. Camp
                    ------------------------------
   Frank A. Camp
    Vice President

As required by the Securities Act of 1933, this Registration Statement has been 
signed by the following persons in the capacities and on the date indicated.    

                                                        [Enlarge/Download Table]

Signatures                Titles                                   Date              
----------                ------                                   ----              
                                                                                     
                       *  Director                                 ____________, 2002
------------------------                                                             
Patrick S. Baird                                                                     

                       *  Director                                 ____________, 2002
------------------------                                                             
Brenda K. Clancy                                                                     

                       *  Director                                 ____________, 2002
------------------------                                                             
Douglas C. Kolsrud                                                                   

                       *  Director                                 ____________, 2002
------------------------                                                             
Craig D. Vermie                                                                      

                       *  Director and President                   ____________, 2002
------------------------                                                             
Ron F. Wagley                                                                        

                       *  Chief Financial Officer and              ____________, 2002
------------------------                                                             
Bruce Clark               Senior Vice President                                      

/s/ Frank A. Camp         Attorney -in-Fact pursuant to powers of    January 16, 2002
------------------------                                                             
*By:  Frank A. Camp       attorney filed herewith, and in his own                    
                          capacity as Vice President.                                

P-->485APOS116th Page of 117TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 116th
                                                                Registration No.
                                                                        33-49998
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  
WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549  

_______________ 

EXHIBITS  
TO  
FORM N-4  
REGISTRATION STATEMENT  
UNDER 
THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933  
FOR 
DREYFUS/TRANSAMERICA TRIPLE ADVANTAGE 

_______________ 

P-->485APOSLast Page of 117TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 117th
EXHIBIT INDEX 
------------- 

Exhibit No.     Description of Exhibit                       Page No.*          
-----------     ----------------------                       ---------          

(4)(a)(vii)     Form of Tax Relief Rider (Contract)                             

(4)(b)(x)       Form of Tax Relief Rider (Certificate)                          

(4)(c)(xiii)    Form of Tax Relief Rider (Individual)                           

___________________________                                                     
* Page numbers included only in manually executed original.                     
R-->Dates Referenced Herein   and   Documents Incorporated by Reference
Referenced-On PageThis ‘485APOS’ Filing    Date First  Last      Other Filings5/1/022112Filed on:1/18/0211/16/021151/1/02812/31/011411224F-2NT,  N-30D,  NSAR-U10/2/01919/13/01914/27/0191485BPOS3/18/0112/9/0191485APOS1/22/011712/31/008511224F-2NT,  N-30D,  NSAR-U5/1/0042514/28/0091485BPOS,  486BPOS12/31/998511224F-2NT,  N-30D,  NSAR-U12/15/99485112/6/9991485APOS11/30/999110/1/9942478/31/9948515/3/9942474/30/9948514/28/9990485BPOS2/26/9990NSAR-U9/30/9848515/1/9842514/28/9890485BPOS5/1/9742514/30/9744514/28/97905/1/9642514/30/9648514/26/96904/28/95903/1/959012/15/9442478/24/9487895/2/9448514/29/94903/8/949010/7/9342518/31/9387894/30/93904/5/9342513/3/93891/4/9342477/24/92905/22/9235 List all Filings 
↑TopFiling Submission 0000928385-02-000150   –   Alternative Formats (Word / Rich Text, HTML, Plain Text, et al.)
Copyright © 2017 Fran Finnegan & Company.  All Rights Reserved.About – Privacy – Redactions – Help —
Fri, 28 Jul 15:48:03.2 GMT 


Questions Answered - 401k Investing, Financial Planning and Other Investments | Stable Value « Stable Value














What are general accounts and separate accounts?



Guaranteed insurance accounts can be structured in two ways: general accounts or separate accounts. In the general account structure the assets are invested in and owned by the insurance company’s general account, which means the entire general account of the insurance company, and effectively the ultimate claims paying ability of the insurer, supports the stable value guarantees. The assets in a general account are not attributable to any single policyholder or liability, and the Employee Retirement Income Security Act (ERISA) excludes the assets supporting these guaranteed insurance accounts from the definition of plan assets and treatment as plan assets.*


Separate accounts differ from general accounts in that the assets are segregated from the general account of the insurer. This separate account serves as the first line of collateral to meet the guarantees for the specific plan, and only if the separate account assets are insufficient would the general account step in to make up any potential shortage.

	 

Apart from the structural differences, both the general account and separate account are remarkably similar in how each delivers stable value’s benefit responsiveness, which is the ability of plan participants to transact at contract value, i.e. at principal plus accumulated interest.


Because there are different types of stable value investments and differences in how they are structured, there are also differences in their disclosure requirements. Stable value investments such as synthetic GICs and separate account wraps are very similar to other fee based 401(k) investments in terms of disclosure because the rates of return for these products are tied directly and contractually to the performance of the underlying portfolio. These products have crediting rates which are reset using contractual formulas to pass through the investment performance of the underlying assets of the portfolio, and as such they are required to provide detailed listings of the underlying portfolio holdings to plan sponsors as well as meet the Department of Labor’s fee disclosure requirements.


Guaranteed insurance accounts on the other hand differ because they declare and guarantee a rate for up to a year or longer in advance, and also provide a minimum guaranteed rate of return regardless of the performance of the assets (which are held in the insurer’s general account). The rate is not tied directly to the investment performance of a specific underlying portfolio but based on the entire general account of the insurer, and because assets in the general account support guarantees made to all policyholders under multiple lines of business they are not attributable or dedicated to any specific contract. For interested parties, general account investment holdings are available through annual filings with the state insurance department.

	 

Notes:
	*ERISA Advisory Opinion 05-19A (U.S. Department of Labor, 2005).

	 

	 

Why are guaranteed insurance accounts treated differently in DOL fee disclosure requirements?
							Guaranteed insurance accounts are fully compliant with the disclosure requirements under 408(b)(2). 
						

How does an insurer take on these risks?
							Transferring risk from policyholders to the insurance company is at the very heart of what insurance companies do every day. 
						



Filter

The Basics of Stable Value
Guaranteed Insurance Accounts



Knowledge

Glossary
Questions Answered
Management Principles
Stable Value at a Glance
Stable Value Synthetic Basics
Insurance Company Stable Value Contracts
Resource Center











Transamerica Retirement Solutions






















 


T. Rowe Price Mid-Cap Growth Ret Acct


Investment Option Profile


Small/Mid-Cap Stocks -- Mid-Cap Growth Stocks







INVESTMENT OBJECTIVE



Seeks capital appreciation.



INVESTMENT ADVISOR





The TR Transamerica Putnam Vista Fund is a Separate Account portfolio maintained by Transamerica Financial Life Insurance Company (TFLIC). The TR Transamerica Putnam Vista Fund invests in the Transamerica Putnam Vista Fund, a Transamerica Life Insurance Company^ (TLIC) Separate Account, which had an inception date of March 15, 2002. The Transamerica Putnam Vista Fund is sub-advised by Putnam Investment Management, LLC.  Prior to January 14, 2005, the Transamerica Putnam Vista Fund invested exclusively in the Putnam Vista Fund (Class M shares), a mutual fund, which had an inception date of June 3, 1968. 


INVESTMENT DESCRIPTION



Best suited for investors who want growth of capital and can tolerate the risks associated with common stock investments. The Transamerica Putnam Vista Fund (TPVF) invests primarily in growth stocks of medium-sized companies, although it may invest in companies of any size (growth stocks are issued by companies whose earnings are believed to be likely to grow faster than the economy as a whole). The TPVF may also engage in a variety of transactions, including, but not limited to, futures, options, warrants, and swaps for both hedging and non-hedging purposes. In selecting investments, the TPVF will consider, among other things, projected future earnings potential, competitive position, relative valuation versus industry peers, and financial strength. More consideration is given to growth potential than to dividend income.



RISK/RETURN




Historically, common stocks have provided greater long-term returns and have entailed greater short-term risks than other investment choices. Foreign stocks can be more volatile than domestic stocks and smaller or newer issuers carry more risk than larger, more established issuers. This Separate Account seeks to reduce these risks by diversifying its assets among a broad range of stocks or other securities, and by focusing on stocks from larger, more established companies.



CHARGES FEES AND EXPENSES



There are no Investment Management or Administrative Charges applicable to the TR Transamerica Putnam Vista Fund Separate Account Portfolio. However, the assets in this Separate Account Portfolio are subject to the total operating expenses of the underlying Transamerica Putnam Vista Fund, which consists of the Investment Management Charge, which was 1.25% as of November 30, 2005. 



 


This SA invests in the T Rowe Price Mid Cap Growth Ret Opt, a TLIC SA. Effective 08-21-09, the TLIC SA invests in the T Rowe Price Mid Cap Growth Fund (Class R shares) and is subject to underlying mutual fund expenses. Prior to 08-21-09, the TLIC SA was sub-advised by Putnam Investments and was subject to the Separate Account Maintenance (SAM) and SA Administrative (Admin) Charges. Prior to 01-14-05, the TLIC SA invested in the Putnam Vista Fund (Class M shares) and was subject to different TLIC SAM Charges, SA Admin Charges and the underlying mutual fund expenses. No adjustments have been made to performance prior to 08-21-09 to reflect the difference between the charges and expenses for the TLIC SA sub-advised by Putnam from the charges for the TLIC SA invested in the T. Rowe Price Mid Cap Growth Fund. Also, no adjustments have been made to performance prior to 01-14-05 to reflect the difference between the charges and expenses for the TLIC SA invested in the Putnam Vista Fund and the TLIC SA sub-advised by Putnam.













