




























Sequent Asset Management LLC Invests $237,000 in Kimberly-Clark Corporation (NYSE:KMB) - Week Herald














































 















 



  
 
  





















Daily Ratings and News for Kimberly-Clark Corporation
        	Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Kimberly-Clark Corporation with our free daily email newsletter:



 






Follow @WeekHerald









Recent Posts

Cypress Asset Management Inc. TX Decreases Stake in Lennar Corporation (NYSE:LEN)
National Grid Transco, PLC (NYSE:NGG) Position Reduced by Cypress Asset Management Inc. TX
Illumina, Inc. (ILMN) Stake Held by Cypress Asset Management Inc. TX
Frank’s International N.V. (NYSE:FI) Shares Bought by Kelman Lazarov Inc.
Riverbridge Partners LLC Decreases Position in ChannelAdvisor Corporation (NYSE:ECOM)
Jag Capital Management LLC Maintains Position in Daktronics, Inc. (DAKT)
Jag Capital Management LLC Has $491,000 Position in iShares Select Dividend ETF (NYSEARCA:DVY)
Riverbridge Partners LLC Sells 26,750 Shares of The Cheesecake Factory Incorporated (NASDAQ:CAKE)
PGGM Investments Increases Position in KLA-Tencor Corporation (NASDAQ:KLAC)
Riverbridge Partners LLC Has $30.52 Million Stake in Tile Shop Hldgs, Inc. (TTS)
Riverbridge Partners LLC Has $21.65 Million Position in Cerner Corporation (CERN)
Julia Wilson Sells 54,307 Shares of 3i Group plc (LON:III) Stock
Insider Selling: Floor & Decor Holdings, Inc. (FND) CFO Sells 46,200 Shares of Stock
Roy Joseph Roderick Meade Sells 500,000 Shares of Avnel Gold Mining Limited (AVK) Stock
Ryan K. Beedie Buys 58,300 Shares of Atlantic Gold Corp (CVE:AGB) Stock
ClearBridge Energy MLP Fund Inc (NYSE:CEM) Insider Acquires $32,130.00 in Stock
Alaska Air Group, Inc. (NYSE:ALK) Posts Quarterly  Earnings Results, Misses Expectations By $0.01 EPS
Unifi, Inc. (UFI) Announces Quarterly  Earnings Results
American Capital Agency Corp. (AGNC) Posts  Earnings Results
Sensata Technologies Holding N.V. (ST) Releases FY17 Earnings Guidance



 


Sequent Asset Management LLC Invests $237,000 in Kimberly-Clark Corporation (NYSE:KMB)

					Posted by Anthony Sawyer on Jul 24th, 2017 // No Comments 


Tweet












Sequent Asset Management LLC bought a new stake in shares of  Kimberly-Clark Corporation (NYSE:KMB) during the first quarter, according to its most recent filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The firm bought 1,801 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $237,000. 
Other institutional investors have also recently added to or reduced their stakes in the company. Norges Bank purchased a new position in  Kimberly-Clark Corporation during the fourth quarter valued at about $289,546,000.  APG Asset Management N.V. raised its position in  Kimberly-Clark Corporation by 103.7% in the first quarter. APG Asset Management N.V. now owns 1,088,844 shares of the company’s stock valued at $143,325,000 after buying an additional 554,200 shares during the last quarter.  Swiss National Bank raised its position in  Kimberly-Clark Corporation by 20.5% in the first quarter. Swiss National Bank now owns 1,657,528 shares of the company’s stock valued at $218,180,000 after buying an additional 282,300 shares during the last quarter.  Karp Capital Management Corp purchased a new position in  Kimberly-Clark Corporation during the first quarter valued at about $31,996,000.  Finally, Boston Advisors LLC raised its position in  Kimberly-Clark Corporation by 576.9% in the first quarter. Boston Advisors LLC now owns 266,140 shares of the company’s stock valued at $35,032,000 after buying an additional 226,822 shares during the last quarter. Institutional investors and hedge funds own  70.11% of the company’s stock. 


 Get Kimberly-Clark Corporation alerts:



Kimberly-Clark Corporation (KMB) opened at 125.28 on Monday. The firm has a market cap of $44.47 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 20.67 and a beta of 0.78. Kimberly-Clark Corporation has a one year low of $111.30 and a one year high of $136.21. The stock’s 50 day moving average is $128.81 and its 200 day moving average is $127.89. 




Kimberly-Clark Corporation (NYSE:KMB) last posted its earnings results on Monday, April 24th. The company reported $1.57 EPS for the quarter, topping the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $1.54 by $0.03. Kimberly-Clark Corporation had a net margin of 11.99% and a return on equity of 602.48%. The firm had revenue of $4.48 billion during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $4.50 billion. During the same period last year, the company posted $1.53 EPS. The company’s quarterly revenue was up .2% compared to the same quarter last year.  On average, analysts predict that  Kimberly-Clark Corporation will post $6.27 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. 
ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: “Sequent Asset Management LLC Invests $237,000 in Kimberly-Clark Corporation (NYSE:KMB)” was first  reported by Week Herald and is the sole property of of Week Herald. If you are viewing this news story on another publication, it was stolen and reposted in violation of U.S. & international copyright & trademark legislation. The legal version of this news story can be read at https://weekherald.com/2017/07/24/sequent-asset-management-llc-invests-237000-in-kimberly-clark-corporation-nysekmb.html. 
KMB has been the topic of several recent analyst reports. Zacks Investment Research lowered shares of Kimberly-Clark Corporation from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Tuesday, March 28th. B. Riley  restated a “neutral” rating and issued a $128.00 target price on shares of Kimberly-Clark Corporation in a report on Sunday, April 23rd. TheStreet upgraded shares of Kimberly-Clark Corporation from a “c+” rating to an “a-” rating in a report on Wednesday, April 26th. Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (The)  set a $157.00 target price on shares of Kimberly-Clark Corporation and gave the company a “buy” rating in a report on Monday, June 19th. Finally, Jefferies Group LLC initiated coverage on shares of Kimberly-Clark Corporation in a report on Tuesday, April 18th. They issued a “hold” rating and a $134.00 target price on the stock. Five equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, eleven have assigned  a hold rating and one  has given a buy rating to the company’s stock. The company presently has an average rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $133.36.
In other news, insider Sergio Cruz sold 7,078 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, May 31st. The shares were sold at an average price of $130.01, for a total value of $920,210.78. Following the completion of the sale, the insider now directly owns 4,910 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $638,349.10. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which is available at the SEC website. Also, SVP Sandra Macquillan sold 5,081 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction dated Monday, May 1st. The stock was sold at an average price of $129.82, for a total transaction of $659,615.42. Following the completion of the sale, the senior vice president now directly owns 5,364 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $696,354.48. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Over the last ninety days, insiders sold 32,267 shares of company stock valued at $4,155,862. Corporate insiders own  0.56% of the company’s stock. 
About Kimberly-Clark Corporation
Kimberly-Clark Corporation is engaged in the manufacturing and marketing of a range of products made from natural or synthetic fibers. The Company’s segments include Personal Care, Consumer Tissue, K-C Professional and Corporate & Other. The Company’s Personal Care segment offers various solutions and products, such as disposable diapers, training and youth pants, swimpants, baby wipes, feminine and incontinence care products, and other related products.







Receive News & Ratings for Kimberly-Clark Corporation Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Kimberly-Clark Corporation and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 



 























Latest News




Illumina, Inc.  Stake Held by Cypress Asset Management Inc. TX





National Grid Transco, PLC  Position Reduced by Cypress Asset Management Inc. TX





Cypress Asset Management Inc. TX Decreases Stake in Lennar Corporation 





Jag Capital Management LLC Has $491,000 Position in iShares Select Dividend ETF 





Jag Capital Management LLC Maintains Position in Daktronics, Inc. 





Riverbridge Partners LLC Decreases Position in ChannelAdvisor Corporation 






Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name  (Required) 



Mail (will not be published)  (Required) 



Website








 


 

 











































 




Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version







































Logout





Home


Client Center

















Copyright © 2011 Sequent Asset Management, LLC. 
All rights reserved.
Disclaimer  |  Privacy Policy  |  Form ADV Part II

Sequent Asset Management, LLC
952 Echo Lane, Suite 445
Houston, TX 77024




































Logout





Home


Client Center

















Copyright © 2011 Sequent Asset Management, LLC. 
All rights reserved.
Disclaimer  |  Privacy Policy  |  Form ADV Part II

Sequent Asset Management, LLC
952 Echo Lane, Suite 445
Houston, TX 77024




































Logout





Home


Client Center

















Copyright © 2011 Sequent Asset Management, LLC. 
All rights reserved.
Disclaimer  |  Privacy Policy  |  Form ADV Part II

Sequent Asset Management, LLC
952 Echo Lane, Suite 445
Houston, TX 77024



































Logout





Home


Client Center











Many wealth management and investment firms offer unique benefits. For some it is the credentials of their professional staff. For others, it is their internal processes and financial disciplines. And for others still, it is their proprietary service or product offerings. While these claims make some firms unique, to us they miss the mark.

            At Sequent, we offer a unique approach - the focused experience we have in working with families and their businesses. As a comprehensive multi-family office, we specialize in helping families who have, had or will have their own business. Be it a multi-generational family owning and running a closely held business or a high ranking corporate executive of a publicly traded or privately held company or a professional with their own practice; our differentiation is not in what we do, but rather what our clients do and how we help them do it better. It is about reducing the fear of income or estate taxes being improperly handled that put business and family wealth at risk. It is about nurturing the hope for creating an enduring business or financial legacy that can be transferred to future generations through proper succession and financial and investment plans. And, it is about having a trusted go-to source to act as a sounding board regarding the compilation of personal and business affairs that create unique risks and opportunities. We specialize in helping families at key financial crossroads.

            So instead of reciting our professional pedigree, or providing you with a summary of proprietary investment processes or financial models or tax strategies, let us simply invite you to click on the "Why Sequent" tab to find out more about how we help our client families become more successful.








Copyright © 2011 Sequent Asset Management, LLC. 
All rights reserved.
Disclaimer  |  Privacy Policy  |  Form ADV Part II

Sequent Asset Management, LLC
952 Echo Lane, Suite 445
Houston, TX 77024











Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











Sequent Asset Management, LLC | Wealthminder











































Sequent Asset Management, LLC


Sequent Asset Management, LLC
(CRD# 148194) is a financial advisory firm headquartered in
Houston, TX.
They
manage $519,361,383 in 389 accounts and
serve the financial needs of clients across 2 states (or territories).




Current Firm Details



Sequent Asset Management, LLC




952 Echo Lane, Suite 115,
Houston,
TX
77024
713-467-0008
http://www.sequentasset.com




http://www.sequentasset.com







By the Numbers






Total Assets Under Management

519
MILLION



Total Number of Accounts

389
ACCOUNTS



Average Account Value

$1,335,119







Compensation Options




A percentage of assets under your management
Fixed fees (other than subscription fees)






Advisory Services Offered




Financial planning services
Portfolio management for individuals and/or small businesses
Portfolio management for businesses (other than small businesses) or institutional clients
Selection of other advisers (including private fund managers)








Types of Clients










Registered States






Registered Investment Advisor


Advisors affiliated with a RIA are permitted to work with up to five clients in nearly-all states* without explicit registration. The map below shows states where this firm has explicit registration only.




FL, TX






Financial Advisors at Sequent Asset Management, LLC




Showing 1 - 2 of 2 top financial advisors.





1















Timothy S. Hartzell



CRD#:
1044121



952 Echo Lane, Suite 115,
Houston,
TX
77024




96

Wealthminder
score








Timothy Hartzell (CRD# 1044121) is an Investment Advisor Representative working at
Sequent Asset Management, LLC in Houston, TX and has 
over 34 years
of experience in the finance industry.






2















David M. Doll



CRD#:
1414550



952 Echo Lane, Suite 115,
Houston,
TX
77024




93

Wealthminder
score








David Doll (CRD# 1414550) is an Investment Advisor Representative working at
Sequent Asset Management, LLC in Houston, TX and has 
over 8 years
of experience in the finance industry.













Our primary data source is public filings of Form ADV as published by the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) and made available in accordance with the Freedom of Information Act (FOIA). Supplementary information may be provided by listed advisors or their representatives.
Because many firms provide a variety of products or services, an individual may or may not be registered to operate under all services provided by the firm.Do not rely solely on the information on this page. The information may be inaccurate, incomplete or outdated. For the most accurate and up-to-date information, please search for the firm or individual on the SEC site at
http://www.adviserinfo.sec.gov/IAPD/Content/Search/iapd_Search.aspx







Ready to hire a financial advisor?

Get competitive proposals from multiple advisors.

















Request Proposals























Timeout!



You have been idle and will be logged out in

seconds.


Stay Logged In
Log Out Now



















Sequent Energy Management - Asset Management

















































































Home >
            

Products & Services >
            
Asset Management
        







Asset Management

Trading and Optimization

Storage and Transportation

Producer Services

Risk Management Services

Gas Scheduling

Structure

Origination

Generation Services





         
    









Asset Management
Sequent's energy managers provide aggressive insight into the delicate art of balancing natural gas assets, therefore allowing us to take maximum advantage of market volatility, while preserving clients' future flexibility and optionality. 
In short, we make our clients' natural gas, pipeline and storage assets work harder. 
From wellhead to burner tip, Sequent can help its clients navigate the complex natural gas markets. Given the scope of the task, few energy users could be expected to maintain the specialized skills or access to markets required to optimize their energy assets. That is why they turn to Sequent's professionals. 
Depending on a client's requirements, Sequent's activities may include: 

Procurement or sale of significant volumes of natural gas or contracts for future delivery at various points along the supply chain 

Access to capacity on premium pipelines and in the nation's natural gas storage fields, and the ability to use such access to create trading opportunities 

An ability to harness for clients the tools of arbitrage, hedging, options, futures contracts and alternative fuel choices to maximize assets and minimize risks 

Inventory management and peaking services with reasonable terms


Sequent Energy Management is built on the bedrock skills of managing natural gas assets for its clients via day-to-day wholesale marketing and trading activities. Sequent professionals eat, drink, sleep, breathe and live the energy markets. 











X
















Product Management Training  | Sequent Learning Networks

















m MENU







Expert blogs | Contact | Log in














    	Product Management Learning & Development
   	



Follow Us:

t
f
y
i



      Sign Up for Our Blog
    




Submit















		 					The ONLY official workshop based on The Product Manager's Desk Reference by Steven Haines.
						





Order yours TODAY! 
		 					Using Passion and Creativity to Compose Business Strategies That Inspire Action and Growth. Available Here >
						








PRODUCT MANAGEMENT LEARNING AND DEVELOPMENT
Sequent Learning Networks is an industry-leading provider of product management training and advisory services for large, global B2B and B2C companies. We specialize in the end-to-end business management of products, with a focus on product management, product strategy, and product marketing. 
Learn more >


Workshops


Product Management Essentials More Info




Sep 26 - Sep 27, 2017
Chicago, IL

Oct 17 - Oct 18, 2017
San Francisco, CA

Nov 14 - Nov 15, 2017
London

Dec 5 - Dec 6, 2017
Stamford, CT





Product Strategy Generation More Info




Sep 28, 2017
Chicago, IL


Oct 19, 2017
San Francisco, CA


Nov 16, 2017
London


Dec 7, 2017
Stamford, CT




All Workshops



Books




Creative Strategy Generation

Using Passion and Creativity to Compose Business Strategies That Inspire Action and Growth. Available Now!

MORE INFO >





The New Manager's Survival Guide

Just Released! This is the definitive guide for navigating in the corporate world. Purchase your copy today!
MORE INFO >



All Books




Community


Expert Blogs






		  	Steven Haines
				How to Optimize B2B Pricing







		  	Bob Caporale
				Why Your Strategy Process Doesn’t Work – Part 3







		  	James Luizzi
				Why a Product Management Certificate Could Help You Land Your Dream Job


Meet the experts >



Just Between Us: Beyond the Beef



 

Watch The Latest Video



@SequentLearning

July 28, 2017
The Remote Control Conundrum w/ @Jluizzi11: bit.ly/2v1Q14T #productproblems #UXView →
July 27, 2017
The Remote Control Conundrum w/ @Jluizzi11. Latest Epsidode of #awayfrommydesk: bit.ly/2v1M8wE #productmarketing #UXView →
July 27, 2017
#Chicago, our most popular workshop is coming fast! September 26-27. Register here: bit.ly/2rZ1GNe pic.twitter.com/4XZoxPZ3SAView →
July 27, 2017
RT @kartvee: Steven @Steven_Haines talks about Product Launches, Pitfalls and Successes #prodmgmt #ux #startup bit.ly/2jTEGy5 http…View →









The Product Management Executive Board (PMEB) is a cross-industry group of leaders who meet together to share Product Management best practices and guide the learning, advisory, and certification programs of Sequent Learning Networks.
To learn more about PMEB please click here >























