

	SERENITY SERIES Trademark of HAIER AMERICA TRADING, LLC. Serial Number: 86224351 :: Trademarkia Trademarks





























































Apply Online!
Attorneys

Services 

U.S. Trademark Registration Service 
International Trademark Registration Service 
Trademark Office Action Response 
Trademark Statement of Use 
Trademark Renewal 
Trademark Assignment 
Trademark Watch 
Trademark Cease & Desist  
Trademark Comprehensive Search  
Copyright Registration 
Patent Services 
Incorporation Services 
Business Page Creation 
 More Services... 


Help
Contact Us


Login






















Trademark Search 
Trademark Category
Environmental Control Instrument Prod...
SERENITY SERIES










 
Get FREE email alerts













SERENITY SERIES  Trademark Information
 HAIER AMERICA TRADING, LLC
air conditioners




Perfect for these industries

Environmental Control Instrument Products (lighting, heating, cooling, cooking)





Words that describe this mark
air   conditioners    
                                    




This is a brand page for the SERENITY SERIES trademark by HAIER AMERICA TRADING, LLC 
                                in New York, NY, 10018.
Write a review about a product or service associated with this SERENITY SERIES trademark.    
                                Or, contact the owner HAIER AMERICA TRADING, LLC of the SERENITY SERIES trademark by filing a request to communicate with    
                                the Legal Correspondent for licensing, use, and/or questions related to the SERENITY SERIES trademark.
                           






On Tuesday, March 18, 2014,  a U.S. federal trademark registration was filed for 
                        SERENITY SERIES by 
                        HAIER AMERICA TRADING, LLC, New York, NY  10018.
                        The USPTO has given the SERENITY SERIES 
                        trademark serial  number of  86224351.  
                        The current federal status of this trademark filing is REGISTERED.
                        The correspondent listed for SERENITY SERIES is 
                        
                        
                                            Mark S. Leonardo of 
                                            Brown Rudnick LLP,  One Financial Center, Boston MA 02111 
                                .
                            The SERENITY SERIES trademark is filed in the category of 
                            
                                    Environmental Control Instrument Products (lighting, heating, cooling, cooking)
                                . 
                            The description provided to the USPTO for SERENITY SERIES 
                            is air conditioners. 
                            





Word mark:
 SERENITY SERIES


  Status/Status Date:  


REGISTERED

9/15/2015



  Serial Number:  
86224351


  Filing Date:  
3/18/2014


 Registration Number:  
4813819 


 Registration Date:  
9/15/2015


 Goods and Services: 
air conditioners


 Mark Description: 
NOT AVAILABLE


 Type Of Mark: 
TradeMark


 Published For Opposition Date: 
8/19/2014


Last Applicant/Owner:

HAIER AMERICA TRADING, LLCNew York, NY  10018
Why is this contact information displayed?  

Why is this contact information displayed? [Close]
The USPTO makes this data available for search by the public so that individuals can locate ownership information for intellectual property, much the same way a county might make real estate property ownership information available.
Since our website is synchronized with the USPTO data, we recommend making any data changes with the USPTO directly. Our website will auto-update when the USPTO data is updated.
You may also contact Trademarkia to make a request for the removal of your personally identifiable information or trademark data.  Such requests must be made in writing and will be subject to verification of ownership.  This policy allows verified trademark owners to specify: (A) that their identifiable information be masked, or (B) that their trademark pages permanently deleted from Trademarkia.com.  
                                                Requests may be made directly to customer.service@trademarkia.com and every effort will be made to honor them within 48 hours. 
Click here for further details.
[Close]




 Mark Drawing Code:  
Standard Character Mark


 Design Search: 


(NO DATA)



Register Type:  
Principal


 Disclaimer:
 ("SERIES")


 Correspondent:


Mark S. Leonardo
Brown Rudnick LLP
One Financial Center
Boston MA 02111






 Use in Commerce Trademark - Applicant has provided proof of use of this mark in commerce to USPTO.





Classification Information



Primary Class: 
 Class (011) - Apparatus for lighting, heating, steam generating, cooking, refrigerating, drying, ventilating, water supply, and sanitary purposes.


First Use Anywhere: 
4/1/2015


First Use In Commerce: 
4/1/2015





Trademarkia is the largest search engine for U.S. trademarks.  Each month hundreds of trademarks around the world are filed by licensed attorneys in the LegalForce/Trademarkia network! You can register your trademark in 170+ countries in the world through LegalForce Network.
 LegalForce Network can help you incorporate a business around your SERENITY SERIES trademark in less than 5 minutes.  Trademarkia makes the process easy and convenient, so start now!
 Trademarkia.com is a free search engine of publicly available government records.  Trademarkia.com is not a law firm and does not represent owners & correspondents listed on this page.
Trademark Document Retrieval >>







Trademark - Apply Online!


100% Satisfaction Guarantee protect your valuable brand now.



How it works?
What you get?






1. Legalforce RAPC - #1 U.S. Trademark Filing from 2010 to now.
2. Describe how your business or product is being used. Register your mark in 176+ countries. Just $199 + govt fees! Start here >>






1. Top Global IP Attorneys - Credibility and Experience!
2. All processes will be performed in a timely manner. You will be informed periodically about the process.






Keep Track of this Brand.

 Trademark Watch Services
Keep track of how your trademark is being used. Available in the United States and in more than 176 countries. Round-the-clock monitoring. Monthly report on potential infringement.
                                

Watch this Trademark 

Trademark Watch Services read more...

Current Trademark Status:

9/15/2015
REGISTERED


Free Trademark Search:






Correspondent Search:



Mark S. Leonardo


                                             
                                         is a correspondent of SERENITY SERIES trademark. 
                            	    


Current Overall Rating:

 (0 review)
                            
What You Can Do:




Start Your Business



FREE Logo Creator



Add to Favorites



View Documents



FREE Trademark Search



Start Trademark Filing Process



Protect this Mark Internationally



Custom Logo Design $159



Search serenityseries on popular social networks






                                Trademarkia lets you see how your 
                                personal name, product name, 
                                trademark name or username is being used on any of 530+ new 
                                and popular social networks.  
                                Be the first to reserve your name  and get help stopping others from using it - all in one place!















Trademark Oppose Service


You can request for Extension of Time to Oppose this mark or Oppose it now.



                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 







Status Update Alerts

Status Update Alerts are email updates of the latest trademark status change. Please make sure you provide the correct email. 


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 









Review & Rating

Please Rate and Review for SERENITY SERIES 




SERENITY SERIES is providing air conditioners.
                


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password to be associated with your review.
                 

                 If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password before posting your review.
                 


* Please Rate: 


     




* Your Review: 



 Please enter your review.



* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



 

  
                             



 





























 








SERENITY TRADING LLC ,Men"s Clothing ,Men"s Shorts ,United Arab Emirates










Search


Welcome Guest, Join Free / Sign In
Home Categories Countries My Companiess Add My Company Free    Share:






SERENITY TRADING LLC


Company DescriptionIn the borderless global economy, the tariff barriers have already started falling. In this era of digitalization and deregulation, the trade environment involves fleet footed decisions and an unceasing dynamism.To meet such challenging environment, SERENITY TRADING LLC serenity trading llc with dynamic ideas operates with a wide network of connective offices world around. We are primarily engaged in international trade activities around the globe from our headquarters in Dubai, United Arab Emirates..We have offices in India, U. S. A and have networked associates all over the world.          

Company InformationContact Person:Mr. Raman MoorthyJob Title:ChairmanTelephone:Mobile Phone:Fax:City:DubaiBusiness Type:Distributor/WholesalerYear Established:1995Number Of Employees:5 - 10 PeopleTotal Revenue:US$5 Million - US$10 MillionTrade Capacity:North America : 100.00%Production Capacity:- -Main Products:General Trade Agents,Apparel Stocks,Metal Mineral,Fuel Oil,Oil SeedsAddress:P. O. Box. 62338,Main Markets:North AmericaLocation:Dubai, United Arab EmiratesWebsite:Visit website 

ProductOil seedsedible oilWovenKnitsWood free PaperNewsprint PaperCarbon Carbon PaperArt Paper 


United Arab Emirates Men"s Clothing Related CompanySMH General Trading PaperAmbadonna Clothing,Accessories,Shoes,Eyewear,Jeans,Woman Lingerie,shoeswareesha.textiles men suiting,jeans,shirts,shoes,joggersZLK TRADING DUBAI JEANSDesert Sword Readymade Garment women underwearSVS Trading Co. LLC garmentsTrendy Garments LLC. Shirts,Pants,Uniforms,T-Shirts,Maternity,Kids,LadiesABDULLA BAGHERI TRDG CO. LLC. Jackets,pants,Trousers,Shirts,T shirts,jacketyounglife trading llc Undergarments, footwear, ready made garments, school bags, hair brush,Briefs, Panties, Thongs & …BACKUP INNOVATORS PVT LTD FZC Leather Jackets,Leather Goods,Books,Motorcycle Jackets,Textile Garments,T-Shirts,women …mhz group cement,glass,aluminium,sugar,dieasel,water,rice,flour,sunflower oil,clothingTrendy Garments uniform,manufacturerSpoha stock lot garments,Mens CargoSMS Trading GarmentsArdh AL Fayrouz Bldg Mat Tr Gloves, industrial fabrics, leather products, leather raw materials 


CategoryApparel & ClothingMen"s ClothingMen"s ShortsUnited Arab Emirates Apparel & ClothingUnited Arab Emirates Men"s ClothingUnited Arab Emirates Men"s Shorts

Related ProductBOXER SHORTSBoxing EquipmentsLADIES DRESSESSingletWeightlifting glovescargo pantTHAI SHORTSShorts TrousersSports Bra


Countries   China   India   Indonesia   Malaysia   Pakistan   Turkey   United Kingdom   United States   All Countries

Add your free listing Browse Countries Categories Mobile Version Contact Us © 2015 Companiess.com
 



Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version


















SERENITY TRADING LLC-










 China.cn Homepage  | Sign In  |  Join Now  | New Products  | New Companies













SERENITY TRADING LLC





Home Selling Leads About UsContact










Home >Suppliers>SERENITY TRADING LLC

Selling Leads
About Us
Site Map
Contact Us

SERENITY TRADING LLC 

Street Address :P. O. Box.62338,, Dubai, United Arab Emirates
Country/Region : United Arab Emirates
Telephone:+971-4-3974531






About Us


	In the borderless global economy, the tariff barriers have already started falling. In this era of digitalization and deregulation, the trade environment involves fleet footed decisions and an unceasing dynamism.  To meet such challenging environment, our company serenity trading llc with dynamic ideas operates with a wide network of connective offices world around. We are primarily engaged in international trade activities around the globe from ... Read more >>
moreSelling Leads








United Ar...



Company Profile


Basic Information
 


Company Name: 
SERENITY TRADING LLC


Business Type:
--


Product/Service:
General Trade Agents; Apparel Stocks; Metal Mineral; Fuel Oil


Year Established: 
1995


Trade & Market
 

















Address: P. O. Box.62338,, Dubai, United Arab EmiratesTelephone:+971-4-3974531Mobile Phone:0097150 6573819
Browse Products Alphabetically:
A | 
B | 
C | 
D | 

E | 
F | 
G | 
H | 
I | 
J | 

K | 
L | 
M | 
N | 
O | 
P | 

Q | 
R | 
S | 
T | 
U | 
V | 

W | 
X | 
Y | 
Z | 
0-9

SERENITY TRADING LLC Technical Support:China Suppliers











Serenity Trading LLC Dubai, UAE, Food Importers & Exporters, FOOD IMPORTERS & EXPORTERS, Garments Readymade





























































        






Username











Password							






Remember Me 



Log in





					Forgot your username?



					Forgot your password?





 

       Login    










atninfo Menu









					Home
					
					






					About
					
					






					Publications
					
					






					ABC Business Pages
					
					






					ATN Product Finder
					
					






					E Directory
					
					






					ATN Hotel & Restaurant Guide
					
					






					PrintWeek MEA
					
					








					Mobile App
					
					






					Promotional Gifts
					
					






					Ensure Your Entry
					
					






					Contact
					
					















 
                  
















Search Dubai and UAE
Companies, Categories, Brands, Hotels & Restaurants






All Emirates
Abu Dhabi
Ajman
Al Ain
Dubai
Fujairah
Jebel Ali
RAK
Sharjah
UAQ
International














Business Pages
Hotel & Restaurant Guide
Product Finder



E-directories


























Media































Category listed


Food Importers & Exporters


Garments Readymade


Rice











 
 










Back
You are looking for Serenity Trading LLC
Home





                                    Serenity Trading LLC		                








 

 





Update Your Listing 




Phone +971-4-3974531
Fax +971-4-3974532 
Box No.62338

Emirate
Dubai            

AreaKarama 
LocationKarama, Naresco Bldg
Websitewww.serenitydubai.com


Food Importers & Exporters




Update Profile

Company Profile

			
				There is no profile for this listing. If you are the authorized contact then please update your profile by clicking Update Profile link above.

							

		

Keywords

                        No keywords to display. If you are an authorized representative of Serenity Trading LLC then please click here to fill in keywords of your choice related to your company/industry.
            
                    

Back
You are looking for Serenity Trading LLC
Home
 







Email Form
    	




Send email  to
Your name
Your Email
Details







Terms of use      
                Please use this form for for genuine enquiries only. There is a limit of sending 20 emails per day. 
                Users misusing the system or found sending more than this maximum limit in a day is in violation of our terms and conditions and may subsequently be banned.
            
        









 



















 







Footer Menu

About usMailing List



Footer Links

NewsPrintweekDubai Commercial DirectoryEmbassies & ConsulatesEcatalogLogin


 
Follow Us


Facebook
Twitter




 
Our Locations



Dubai – Head Office
Abu Hail - Deira


Abu Dhabi
Salam St.


India
Mumbai





 


More

Advertise with us
Bulk email
Get your copy











DisclaimerTerms & ConditionsSitemapPartnersCareersPrivacy Policy


© 2007 ATN Media Publishing FZ LLC.
This website is designed by Web Design Dubai

















Scroll





Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











	
        Serenity Trading LLC | Metal Bulletin Company Database
        
    


























 

































                            Store

                            Metal Bulletin
AMM

                            Research
Steel First

                            Events



Metal, mines and metal industry directory




            Subscribe 

            Request demo
Log in 

About us

History
Contact us
Site demo
Help






        Welcome,  Guest







    Begin your search

    Base metals

    Carbon steel

    Coal

    Industrial minerals

    Minor metals & precious metals

    Scrap & secondary

    Stainless & special steels

    Steelmaking raw materials









                Serenity Trading LLC

    Request demo





Company report 





                        Share this page on 
LinkedIn
 
Twitter





                        Based in Dubai 62338. Established in 1993. The company is a trader of carbon steel products, steelmaking raw materials products, scrap & secondary products



                        Address


                            Naresco 4, Office No 5, Ground Floor, Karama
 




                        Town, State, Country


                            Dubai 62338, United Arab Emirates
 
















    Basic information

    Personnel & Financials

    Affiliations

    Activities

    Mines & plants

    Products















                Managing Director
            

            Malligarjunan Raman
            Moorthy
            
        







            Year Established


                1993
            








            No. of employees


                21-50
            















            Trade Association Membership







                            BIR - Bureau of International Recycling 













                Forum



Please post a comment about this company (only available for logged in users). Your comment will be reviewed by our editorial team before being published.









        Report this comment
    




                        Report text:
                    


























        What would you like to do today?




                    Request a demo
                




Company quick search






Advanced search: companies





People search






                    Mines data






                    Plants data






                    Rank companies






                    Plan your next trip





Map search: head offices





















 






13016 companies
                



Privacy statement
T&C
Contact us
Report data correction








                Copyright ©
                Euromoney Global Limited. All Rights Reserved





































SERENITY TRADING LLC - General Trade Agents, Apparel Stocks













































Alibaba.com





                            Sourcing Solutions
                            




                            Services & Membership
                            




                            Help & Community
                            






















































SERENITY TRADING LLC




United Arab Emirates






Contact Detail








The supplier supports Trade Assurance – A free service that protects your orders from payment to delivery.Supplier's Trade Assurance Limit:  US $Learn More















Add to My Favorites




































SERENITY TRADING LLC








	    		Unverified members are users who have unverified or insufficient company information associated with their Alibaba.com account. 
	    	









How do I set this?









Home


Product Categories


Company Profile

Company Overview
Industrial Certification
Company Capability
Business Performance



Contacts








How do I set this?
















                            Company Introduction
            			






Mr. Raman Moorthy



Loading...





		Contact Supplier
	











                            Business Type:
                        


                            Location:
                        


                            Year Established:
                        


                            Total Annual Revenue:
                        


                            Main Products:
                        


                            Main Markets:
                        




                                                            Distributor/Wholesaler                                                    

                                                            Dubai, United Arab Emirates                                                    

                                                            1995                                                    

                                                            US$5 Million - US$10 Million                                                    

                                                            General Trade Agents, Apparel Stocks, Metal Mineral, Fuel Oil                                                    

                                                            North America                                                    




Learn more about us









How do I set this?









                            Main Products
            			










Oil seeds

Min. Order: 50 Metric Tons	    					

FOB Price: US $ 500 / Metric Ton	    					







edible oil







Woven









Knits







Wood free Paper







Newsprint Paper










How do I set this?







Email to this supplier







How do I set this?











SERENITY TRADING LLC




United Arab Emirates






Contact Detail








The supplier supports Trade Assurance – A free service that protects your orders from payment to delivery.Supplier's Trade Assurance Limit:  US $Learn More








How do I set this?















How do I set this?









                            Product Categories
            			




oil seeds


Apparel Stocks


Ungrouped

See All Categories








How do I set this?
























How do I set this?






  





 






 























Serenity Global Trading ltd
























Serenity Global Trading ltd







Search











Introduction


Established in China since 2004, Serenity Global Trading ltd offers its customers services in service outsourcing production and trading. From your initial design we even take over the manufacturing, assembly and packaging of your products. Serenity GT can also assist you in creating your new products in accordance with the strictest confidentiality. We mainly export to Europe, Latin America, and the Middle East. The cultural diversity of the company and the mastery of language has allowed us to establish trusting partnerships with local businesses for many years. Our low cost structure will guarantee the best value for our services reports.
For quotes please click here.
 







Our achievements
















































Export logistics




Serenity GT exports for 8 years in China to the rest of the world, mainly Europe, the Middle East, and Latin America.
Our experience allows us to deliver to the destination port, directly to your subsidiary company or your client according to your preferences.








				Photo credit: Telstar Logistics / Foter.com / CC BY-NC
				




				Photo credit: (nz)dave / Foter.com / CC BY-NC-ND
				


Photo credit: (nz)dave / Foter.com / CC BY-NC-ND
Photo credit: Telstar Logistics / Foter.com / CC BY-NC







Production monitoring


Our longstanding partnerships with our suppliers allow us to ensure rigorous monitoring according to your expectations, associates has a permanent quality control. We can make a 100% control of manufactured parts. 






				Machine d’injection /Injection Machine
				




				Chaîne d’injection  / Injection chain
				




				Fraiseuse automatique / Automatic milling machine
				




				Machines d’injection plastique / Plastic injection machines
				




				Circuits electroniques / Electronic circuits
				




				Chaine d’assemblage / Assembly line 
				




				Chaine d’assemblage 2 / Assembly line 2
				




				Chaine d’assemblage 3 / Assembly line 3
				




				Poste de montage / Assembly station
				




				Poste de montage / Assembly station
				




				Station de Test des circuits électroniques /Test Station  for Electronic Circuitry
				




				Contrôle qualité avant expédition / Quality control before shipment
				








Field of activity


Serenity GT offers its expertise in the following areas:
 Production

     Making molds
     Injection
     Electronics
     Mounting
     Packaging
     …

Trading

     Toys
     Under clothes
     Porcelains
     …

All new applications will be studied carefully, a feasibility study will be done in return Click here.







Contact












Your Name (mandatory)
 
Your Company (mandatory)
 
Your Capacity (mandatory)
 
Your email (mandatory)
 
Your subject
 
Your message
 
















