





A leader in alternative investments | FS Investments





































FS Financial Scholars
FS Foundation’s financial literacy program is expanding to additional Philadelphia schools.
More information and our application







GET TO KNOW A LEADER IN ALTERNATIVES
Our strategies are designed to help investors build better portfolios.
Learn more about us







Economic growth: perception vs. reality
Is Q1 growth data too pessimistic or is rising consumer and business sentiment too optimistic?
Find out more







New: visit the fs chart library
Get the data behind the latest market trends.
Learn more





NextPrev








We are a leading manager of alternative investments.






Explore









Access our latest Fund commentaries
Fund performance reviews, market trends and opportunities






FS Energy Total Return
a closed-end interval fund that invests in the equity and debt of energy and energy infrastructure companies






The U.S. middle market
Learn about investing in private U.S. companies

















Educate yourself
Browse our library of fund and market literature Check it out


View our chart of the week
Gain perspective on the data behind market trends Take a look


View our latest videos
See what economic trends are impacting investors Watch now











Investments





Invest in the backbone of the U.S. economy

FSIC IV (class T shares) is a core income strategy that allows individuals to invest in private credit of U.S. companies through a BDC.
View shareholder returns


$11.65
Public Offering Price 1
(As of 7/26/2017)


5.97%
Annualized distribution rate 2





Capitalize on under-valued global credit

FSGCO–T2 is structured to invest globally as opportunities arise. This closed-end fund takes a value-driven approach to credit.
View shareholder returns


––
Public Offering Price 1
(As of 6/7/2017)


––
Annualized distribution rate 2





Access untapped opportunities in energy

FS Energy and Power Fund invests in the private debt of U.S. energy companies. This BDC provides income, growth and portfolio diversification.
View shareholder returns
CLOSED


$7.57
Net Asset Value 1
(As of 3/31/2017)


9.36%
Annualized distribution rate 1















          View Investments Disclosure for FSIC IV, FSGCO and FSEP
        




FSIC IV

1
                      The public offering price of FSIC IV’s shares of Class T common stock is subject to an upfront sales load of up to 4.25%. Shares of FSIC IV’s Class T common stock are also subject to an annual distribution fee of 1.00% of the estimated value of the shares as determined in accordance with applicable FINRA rules. The public offering price is subject to change. FSIC IV’s total expenses as a percentage of average net assets attributable to common stock was 7.74% for the period from January 6, 2016 (commencement of operations) to December 31, 2016. Expenses and fees are described more fully in FSIC IV’s prospectus. Please consult the prospectus and read it carefully.
                  

2
                      The annualized distribution rate shown is expressed as a percentage equal to the projected annualized distribution amount per share of Class T common stock (which is calculated by annualizing the regular weekly cash distribution per share of Class T common stock as of the date indicated, without compounding), divided by the public offering price per share of Class T common stock as of the date indicated. The annualized distribution rate and amount shown are net of the 1.00% annual distribution fee and may be rounded. The payment of future distributions on FSIC IV’s shares of Class T common stock is subject to the discretion of FSIC IV’s board of directors and applicable legal restrictions and, therefore, there can be no assurance as to the amount or timing of any such future distributions. For the three months ended March 31, 2017, 30% of FSIC IV’s distributions were funded through net investment income (prior to expense reimbursement) and 70% of FSIC IV’s distributions were funded through short-term capital gains proceeds from the sale of assets, on a tax basis. The determination of the tax attributes of FSIC IV’s distributions is made annually at the end of FSIC IV’s fiscal year and a determination made on an interim basis may not be representative of the actual tax attributes of FSIC IV’s distributions for a full year. The actual tax characteristics of distributions to stockholders are reported to stockholders annually of Form 1099-DIV.
                  


FSGCO–T2

1
                      FSGCO–T2’s common shares are subject to an upfront sales load of up to 4.00% of FSGCO–T2’s public offering price per common share, offering costs of up to 1.00% of the aggregate proceeds raised in FSGCO–T2’s continuous public offering, after payment of the upfront sales load, and an annual distribution fee of 1.33% of the net asset value (NAV) of the common shares. Additionally, FSGCO–T2’s common shares will be subject to a contingent deferred sales charge if they are tendered within a certain period of time. See FSGCO–T2’s prospectus for additional information regarding applicable fees and expenses, including additional annual expenses to which FSGCO–T2 is subject.
                  

2
                      The annualized distribution rate shown is expressed as a percentage equal to the projected annualized distribution amount per share (which is calculated by annualizing the regular weekly cash distribution per share as of the date indicated, without compounding), divided by FSGCO–T2's public offering price per share as of the date indicated. The annualized distribution rate shown may be rounded. The payment of future distributions on FSGCO–T2's common shares is subject to the discretion of FSGCO–T2's board of trustees and applicable legal restrictions and, therefore, there can be no assurance as to the amount or timing of any such future distributions.
                  


FSEP

1
                        The annualized distribution rate shown is expressed as a percentage equal to the projected annualized distribution amount per share (which is calculated by annualizing the monthly cash distribution per share as of the date indicated, without compounding), divided by net asset value (NAV) per share as of the date indicated. The annualized distribution rate shown may be rounded. The payment of future distributions on FSEP’s common shares is subject to the discretion of FSEP’s board of trustees and applicable legal restrictions and, therefore, there can be no assurance as to the amount or timing of any such future distributions. For the three months ended March 31, 2017, approximately 75% of FSEP's distributions were funded through net investment income, 2% distributions on account of investments in portfolio companies and 23% on expense reimbursement from sponsor. The determination of the tax attributes of FSEP’s distributions is made annually at the end of FSEP’s fiscal year, and a determination made on an interim basis may not be representative of the actual tax attributes of FSEP’s distributions for a full year. The actual tax characteristics of distributions to shareholders are reported to shareholders annually on Form 1099-DIV. FSEP's total expenses as a percentage of average net assets attributable to common shares was 4.88% for the year ended December 31, 2016.
                    

Past performance is not a guarantee of future results.








About FS




FS news


7/26/2017 
FS Investments Names Mike Kelly President



7/24/2017 
FSIC Announces Earnings Release and Conference Call Schedule For Second Quarter 2017



7/10/2017 
Application Process for 2017 FS Financial Scholars Opens



6/16/2017 
Michael Forman Honored by Mural Arts




FS Investments Names Mike Kelly President





FS Investments announced the promotion of the firm’s Chief Investment Officer, Mike Kelly. Effective immediately, Mr. Kelly will become President while also remaining Chief Investment Officer.
See more











Select your role

Financial advisor
Registered investment advisor
Individual investor
Other


















 













 







Series R- Fundamental Partners III, a series of Green Square Private Investment Partners, LLC - Pooled Investment Fund- Finch  FormDs.com - SEC filings of fundraisings and investments in hedge funds, private equity firms, startups, and growing companies 











 FormDs.com 





 Newest
 Filter
 Local




 









Series R- Fundamental Partners III, a series of Green Square Private Investment Partners, LLC

      Industry: Pooled Investment Fund
      (See others in industry)

Address:



    Farmers Bank Building 301 N. Market Street, Suite 1410 
    Wilmington, DE, 19801Phone: 302-472-9100 




Filings



Date
FilingType
Reported Sold
Incremental Cash 
Type
Exemptions
Link to Raw Filing




	2016-12-06


Amended


$15,190,000


$15,190,000


Equity Only


06b


SEC link




	2015-10-08


New


Yet to Sell


$0


Equity Only


06b


SEC link




	2015-10-08


Amended


Yet to Sell


$0


Equity Only


06b


SEC link






Directors and Executives (Current and Past)



Name
Role



 Richard Finch 
 Director 


 N/A Green Square Pip Manager, Llc 
 Director, Executive 


 Darrell Horn 
 Director 


 Steven Sansom 
 Director 


 C. Anthony Shippam 
 Director, Executive 


 James West 
 Director 














Series M - Archview Fund, A Series of Green Square Private Investment Partners, LLC


















graypools
Sign in
Learn more







Series M - Archview Fund, A Series of Green Square Private Investment Partners, LLC
Hedge Fund






Institutional Investors

Hedge Funds

Series M - Archview Fund, A Series of Green Square Private Investment Partners, LLC





















Series M - Archview Fund, A Series of Green Square Private Investment Partners, LLC
is  a Delaware Hedge Fund located in Memphis,
Tennessee.  
 






6075 Poplar Avenue
Memphis,
Tennessee, 
38119 
United States
Phone: (901) 259-6300




Minimum Investment100.00K
JurisdictionDelaware
Updated2017-06-20 13:26:25.068976
NameSeries M - Archview Fund, A Series of Green Square Private Investment Partners, LLC
Latest Filing2017-03-31
As of Date2017-03-31
Private Fund ID805-6017124731











Statements



Portfolio


Beneficial Owners






Advisers



Fund Managers: 1












03-17




Portfolios
21.85M











03-17




Beneficial Owners
75.00







Fund Managers: 2017-03-31



Green Square Capital, LLC
Delaware
































About /
Entities /
Legal
© 2017 Graypools LLC










SERIES B- HAMLIN SMA, A SERIES OF GREEN SQUARE PRIVATE INVESTMENT PARTNERS, LLC Top Holdings  

































WhaleWisdom









Search All
Search 13F Filers Only
Search SEC Filer
Search Stocks Only
Search Mgmt Inv. Cos Only
ETFs Only
Search Active




















                      SERIES B- HAMLIN SMA, A SERIES OF GREEN SQUARE PRIVATE INVESTMENT PARTNERS, LLC
                    

•   WILMINGTON, DE
                          • Private Equity
                      
How do I update this listing?




                                             Series B- Hamlin Sma, A Series OF Green Square Private Investment Partners is based out of Wilmington.    The firm last filed a Form D notice of exempt offering of securities on 2017-01-12. The filing was for a pooled investment fund:  private equity fund The notice  included securities offered of Equity,Pooled Investment Fund Interests
                                           














Summary
13D/G
Insider (Form 4)
Form D 3



   Create Email Alert
 




×
Email Notification.







                   ***Log In or
                   Sign-up
                   to see more advanced email alert options such as selecting any type of
                   SEC form, multiple filers or classes of filers, and much more.***
                 

                    ...or to simply have an email sent to you whenever we receive a new
                           13F filing from SERIES B- HAMLIN SMA, A SERIES OF GREEN SQUARE PRIVATE INVESTMENT PARTNERS, LLC, enter your
                    email address below and choose 'Submit'.
                

Your email:








Cancel














Contact Info




series b- hamlin sma, a series of green square private investment partners, llc


SUITE 1419, NEMOURS BUILDING

WILMINGTON
DE
                                                        
                                                    19801


                                                      Business Phone:
                                                      (302) 472-9100







Recent SEC Filings




D/A filed on 01/12/2017
D/A filed on 12/21/2015
D filed on 02/12/2013
















Schedule 13D and 13G events since 03/31/2017

Subscription required



 
Form 4 - Non-derivative Insider Transactions Since 03/31/2017
Loading...



Form D Filings

  Form D is a form to be used to file a notice of an exempt offering of securities with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
  Form D contains basic information about the offering and the company.


Form D Filings


Filing Date
Form Type
Industry Group
Securities Offered
Total Offering Amount
Total Amount Sold
Total Remaining




2017-01-12
D/A
POOLED INVESTMENT FUND:  PRIVATE EQUITY FUND

      Equity,Pooled Investment Fund Interests
    
INDEFINITE
34,317,539
INDEFINITE


2015-12-21
D/A
POOLED INVESTMENT FUND:  PRIVATE EQUITY FUND

      Equity,Pooled Investment Fund Interests
    
INDEFINITE
26,373,630
INDEFINITE


2013-02-12
D
POOLED INVESTMENT FUND:  PRIVATE EQUITY FUND

      Equity,Pooled Investment Fund Interests
    
INDEFINITE
0
INDEFINITE




Other Issuers in Filings


Name
Address





  No Other Issuers
  




Related Parties included in filings


Name
Address
Relationship




C. ANTHONY  SHIPIPAM

          subscription required
    


          EXECUTIVE OFFICER
          DIRECTOR
      



C. ANTHONY  SHIPPAM

          subscription required
    


          EXECUTIVE OFFICER
          DIRECTOR
      



DARRELL   HORN

          subscription required
    


          DIRECTOR
      



JAMES   WEST

          subscription required
    


          DIRECTOR
      



N/A   GREEN SQUARE PIP MANAGER, LLC

          subscription required
    


          PROMOTER
      



RICHARD   FINCH

          subscription required
    


          DIRECTOR
      



STEVEN   SANSOM

          subscription required
    


          DIRECTOR
      











Elevate your investments
Try it for free

















 

Steven Sansom's involvement in venture capital (via Series B- Hamlin Sma A Series Of Green Square Private Investment Partners Llc, Series E-midocean Absolute Return Credit A Series Of Green Square Private Investment Partners Llc, Series F - Bankers South High Yield A Series Of Green Square Private Investment Partners Llc, Series H - Green Square Municipal Strategies A Series Of Green Square Capital Investment Partners Ii Llc, Series I-stonetown 4 A Series Of Green Square Private Investment Partners Llc, Series J-kkr Real Estate Partners Americas A Series Of Green Square Private Investment Partners Llc, Series G - Aims Private Credit Opportunities A Series Of Green Square Private Investment Partners Llc, Series L-southpaw Credit Opportunity Partners A Series Of Green Square Private Investment Partners Llc, Series M-archview Fund A Series Of Green Square Private Investment Partners Llc, Series O-gso European Debt Fund A Series Of Green Square Private Investment Partners Llc, Series P-lexington Capital Partners Viii A Series Of Green Square Private Investment Partners Llc, Series R- Fundamental Partners Iii A Series Of Green Square Private Investment Partners Llc, Series K - Avenue Europe Capital Solutions Fund A Series Of Green Square Private Investment Partners Llc, Series T - Origami Opportunities Fund Iii A Series Of Gs Pip, Series S - Parabellum Partners I Lp A Series Of Green Square Private Investment Partners Llc)































Want to see more?Want to find out who got funded, and who’s funding the next big thing? in real time? all across the world? tailored to your specific areas of focus?100+ deals per dayGet access to the most exhaustive worldwide funding watch on the web!Comprehensive funding informationKnow about who invested in a company, which sites covered the event, the funding history, etc.Exclusive insightsView original analytics such as most dynamic industries, most active investors, and more!Stay aware!Get emailed when deals critical to your business happen. Filter by region, industry and topics of interest.As seen onHave a login?Sign inRegister now!It's free!Use your social accountOr fill in the quick form:Register nowpromise we won't spamSign invia your social account:via your existing WGF account:Remember meRegister, it's freeForgot your password?SIGN INForgot your password?Enter your e-mail and we will send you your new password.reset passwordThe world's largest funding base/people/143430-steven-sansomsection=people&subsection=detail&id=143430




			Search deals by company name, industry, location, investors...			
			




SEARCH


StevenSansomGet alertedif Steven Sansom gets funded!Steven SansomSeries B- Hamlin Sma A Series Of Green Square Private Investment Partners Llc - DirectorSeries E-midocean Absolute Return Credit A Series Of Green Square Private Investment Partners Llc - DirectorSeries F - Bankers South High Yield A Series Of Green Square Private Investment Partners Llc - DirectorSeries H - Green Square Municipal Strategies A Series Of Green Square Capital Investment Partners Ii Llc - DirectorSeries I-stonetown 4 A Series Of Green Square Private Investment Partners Llc - DirectorSeries J-kkr Real Estate Partners Americas A Series Of Green Square Private Investment Partners Llc - DirectorSeries G - Aims Private Credit Opportunities A Series Of Green Square Private Investment Partners Llc - DirectorSeries L-southpaw Credit Opportunity Partners A Series Of Green Square Private Investment Partners Llc - DirectorSeries M-archview Fund A Series Of Green Square Private Investment Partners Llc - DirectorSeries O-gso European Debt Fund A Series Of Green Square Private Investment Partners Llc - DirectorSeries P-lexington Capital Partners Viii A Series Of Green Square Private Investment Partners Llc - DirectorSeries R- Fundamental Partners Iii A Series Of Green Square Private Investment Partners Llc - DirectorSeries K - Avenue Europe Capital Solutions Fund A Series Of Green Square Private Investment Partners Llc - DirectorSeries T - Origami Opportunities Fund Iii A Series Of Gs Pip - DirectorSeries S - Parabellum Partners I Lp A Series Of Green Square Private Investment Partners Llc - DirectorDeals involving Steven Sansom$26,373,630 raised with Series B- Hamlin Sma A Series Of Green Square Private Investment Partners Llc on December, 2015Undisclosed raised with Series B- Hamlin Sma A Series Of Green Square Private Investment Partners Llc on February, 2013$35,677,500 raised with Series E-midocean Absolute Return Credit A Series Of Green Square Private Investment Partners Llc on December, 2015$13,625,000 raised with Series E-midocean Absolute Return Credit A Series Of Green Square Private Investment Partners Llc on June, 2013$19,337,500 raised with Series F - Bankers South High Yield A Series Of Green Square Private Investment Partners Llc on December, 2015Undisclosed raised with Series F - Bankers South High Yield A Series Of Green Square Private Investment Partners Llc on August, 2013$18,910,000 raised with Series H - Green Square Municipal Strategies A Series Of Green Square Capital Investment Partners Ii Llc on November, 2013$7,575,000 raised with Series I-stonetown 4 A Series Of Green Square Private Investment Partners Llc on March, 2014$11,966,402 raised with Series J-kkr Real Estate Partners Americas A Series Of Green Square Private Investment Partners Llc on December, 2015$4,555,254 raised with Series J-kkr Real Estate Partners Americas A Series Of Green Square Private Investment Partners Llc on March, 2014$925,380 raised with Series G - Aims Private Credit Opportunities A Series Of Green Square Private Investment Partners Llc on April, 2014Undisclosed raised with Series L-southpaw Credit Opportunity Partners A Series Of Green Square Private Investment Partners Llc on April, 2014$9,675,000 raised with Series M-archview Fund A Series Of Green Square Private Investment Partners Llc on September, 2014Undisclosed raised with Series O-gso European Debt Fund A Series Of Green Square Private Investment Partners Llc on November, 2014Undisclosed raised with Series P-lexington Capital Partners Viii A Series Of Green Square Private Investment Partners Llc on March, 2015Undisclosed raised with Series R- Fundamental Partners Iii A Series Of Green Square Private Investment Partners Llc on October, 2015$7,277,250 raised with Series K - Avenue Europe Capital Solutions Fund A Series Of Green Square Private Investment Partners Llc on December, 2015Undisclosed raised with Series T - Origami Opportunities Fund Iii A Series Of Gs Pip on February, 2016Undisclosed raised with Series S - Parabellum Partners I Lp A Series Of Green Square Private Investment Partners Llc on March, 2016Please note that all data is automatically extracted and errors can occur.The WhoGotFunded team has not necessarily reviewed the information in this page and has not determined if it is accurate and complete.Some of the profile information was collected using the Crunchbase API. For more details on the profile, please check Steven Sansom on Crunchbase.Inaccurate Data? Help us improve WhoGotFunded: post a comment!