




Series B Columbus, as series of BTA US Series Platform, LLC - Pooled Investment Fund- Bta Investment Advisors, Llc  FormDs.com - SEC filings of fundraisings and investments in hedge funds, private equity firms, startups, and growing companies 











 FormDs.com 





 Newest
 Filter
 Local




 









Series B Columbus, as series of BTA US Series Platform, LLC

      Industry: Pooled Investment Fund
      (See others in industry)

Address:



    733 Third Avenue 15 Th Floor 
    New York, NY, 10017Phone: 212-916-7450 




Filings



Date
FilingType
Reported Sold
Incremental Cash 
Type
Exemptions
Link to Raw Filing




	2017-01-20


Amended


Yet to Sell


$0


Equity Only


06b 3C 3C.7


SEC link




	2016-12-08


Amended


Yet to Sell


$0


Equity Only


06b 3C 3C.7


SEC link




	2015-12-09


New


Yet to Sell


$0


Equity Only


06b 3C 3C.7


SEC link






Directors and Executives (Current and Past)



Name
Role



 N/A Bta Investment Advisors, Llc 
 Promoter 


 N/A Concorde Asset Management, Ltd. 
 Promoter 


 Clarke Gray 
 Executive 


 Paul M. Toldalagi 
 Executive 





















 




N/A  BTA Investment Advisors, LLC - CEO, founder, businessman - profile

















directorpedia.net - List of CEOs, founders, board members and company directors











N/A  BTA Investment Advisors, LLC
Check out list of companies and businesses related to N/A  BTA Investment Advisors, LLC. Find out N/A  BTA Investment Advisors, LLC address and contact details. View other people related to N/A  BTA Investment Advisors, LLC - coworkers, colleagues, companions, etc.
Address:   

950 Third Avenue  New York 10022 NY




Companies related to N/A  BTA Investment Advisors, LLC
CIKCompany NamePositionCompany Address0001659276Series B Columbus, as series of BTA US Series Platform, LLC733 THIRD AVENUE 15TH FLOOR NEW YORK 10017




N/A  BTA Investment Advisors, LLC on the Web
Persons related to N/A  BTA Investment Advisors, LLC - Series B Columbus, as series of BTA US Series Platform, LLCNamePositionCityN/A  BTA Investment Advisors, LLCNew YorkN/A  BTA Investment Advisors, LLCNew YorkN/A  BTA Investment Advisors, LLCNew YorkGray  ClarkeNew YorkGray  ClarkeNew YorkGray  ClarkeNew YorkN/A  Concorde Asset Management, Ltd.BudapestToldalagi  PaulNew YorkToldalagi  PaulNew YorkToldalagi  PaulNew York












 










Series B Columbus, as series of BTA US Series Platform, LLC


















graypools
Sign in
Learn more







Series B Columbus, as series of BTA US Series Platform, LLC
Hedge Fund






Institutional Investors

Hedge Funds

Series B Columbus, as series of BTA US Series Platform, LLC





















Series B Columbus, as series of BTA US Series Platform, LLC
is  a Delaware Hedge Fund located in New York,
New York.  
 






733 Third Avenue
New York,
New York, 
10017 
United States
Phone: (212) 916-7450




CIK0001659276
JurisdictionDelaware
Updated2017-06-20 13:21:51.849686
NameSeries B Columbus, as series of BTA US Series Platform, LLC
Latest Filing2017-01-20
As of Date2017-01-20
EIN371794264
Form D File Number021-252664
Legal Entity TypeOther











Statements



Private Investors


Commitments and Contributions












01-17
12-16
12-15




Investors
None
None
None











01-17
12-16
12-15




Commitments/Contributions
None
None
None

































About /
Entities /
Legal
© 2017 Graypools LLC





















The Cage: How To Prepare For The Toughest Set Of Your Life


























































































 
  
 Suggested SearchesRecent SearchesStore ArticlesVideos




 Need Help? Customer Support  1-866-236-8417  FREE SHIPPING on orders over $49 Details   United States   











                Training
            






                Motivation
            






        The Cage: How To Prepare For The Toughest Set Of Your Life
    






























                                    Animal
                            

                    June 30, 2017
                


Sponsored By:








    Being invited to lift in The Animal Cage is a big deal. Some of the strongest people in the world will be watching, along with a rapt crowd. Here's how one powerlifter prepared for the event.




























                                    Animal
                            

                    June 30, 2017
                


Sponsored By:









The Expo at the Arnold Sports Festival in Columbus, Ohio, each year is, in a single word, madness. It's a seething mass of pushing bodies, glaring posters, and high-volume noise that can feel overwhelming even to people who've been to dozens of similar events. But some parts are crazier than others.
While the majority of the booths are handing out samples, pushing products, and focusing on the dollars and cents, Animal envisioned a different approach when we first visited the Arnold over a decade ago: Bring the barbells, dumbbells, squat racks, a bench press, and a deadlift platform to the expo floor. Throw up a 20-foot chain-link cage around it, and let the best powerlifters and bodybuilders in the world put on a show for fans while they stand just a few feet away.





Over the years, "The Cage" has come to be known as the "Super Bowl of Powerlifting" in many lifters' eyes. No, it's not an official competition, and no, what happens aren't official "recorded" lifts. But that doesn't mean they don't count. Being invited to lift for the crowd here is a major honor for any lifter.




Just ask Pete Rubish. This up-and-coming powerlifter has already pulled 920 pounds at a bodyweight of just 245, and totaled 2028 pounds in competition. He's even pulled 800 pounds an astonishing 18 times in a single workout for an Animal video earlier this year. He knows the pressure of a big stage and a heavy weight, but he also relishes grinding through high-rep sets with weights that would buckle other strong lifters.
In short, he was perfect for The Cage. Here's how he prepared.
Have a Plan, But Don't Be Afraid to Change It
"Originally, I planned on doing 660 for 15 reps," Rubish says, "But I wanted to increase the challenge. Because we decide what we're doing in these things like 2 months out, and then obviously as The Cage gets closer, plans change. So I decided I wanted to do 735 for 10."
On Pete's Instagram leading up to the event, you can see him pulling 695 pounds for 10 reps, then 710 for 10—both beltless. The latter, he says, was a "massive PR," but he knew it was only the appetizer for the main course in Columbus.
  A post shared by Pete Rubish (@pete.rubish) on Feb 21, 2017 at 3:46pm PST

Let the Greats Inspire You
When Pete arrived in Ohio on Friday, an immense surprise was in store. Russian Olympic weightlifting and powerlifting champion Mikhail Koklyaev, one of the greats in the sport, wanted to deadlift with Pete while he was in town.
"I just thought what better time to do it than on Saturday when I'm lifting," Pete says.
This wasn't going to be a competition, per se—Koklyaev was coming off a triceps tear, after all—but a chance to push one another to a great performance.
"It's not often you get to be around a legend like that, and it made me step my game up," Pete said.





Universal Nutrition Animal Nitro
Promotes Recovery, Increased Energy, and Greater Strength!

GO NOW



Let Your Training Guide You
With the crowd screaming, the MC booming, and Koklyaev having already pulled a single at 755 pounds, the stage was set for Pete's battle against 735. At another time in his life he would have prepared by making himself see red, but in this case, the only red was his Animal T-shirt.
"That's a lot different than in the past, when I would try to get as angry as I could, and get all amped up," he recalls. "Now, it's like I try to calm myself. I try to focus. Deep breaths. Close my eyes and just get into a state where there's nothing around me. I block it all out. It's just me and that bar in front of me. I know what the goal is, and I set up to do that. And no matter what gets thrown at me, I'm still in that same state."
In short, he tried to mimic his training in his home gym. Earbuds went in, the crowd went away, and it was just man and iron.
Leave No Doubt If You Could Have Done More
For six reps, the bar went up as smooth as silk. Number seven was a grind, but Pete can grind with the best of them, and he locked it out—even though he was brought to his knees at the end of the rep. But he kept his hands on the bar. This was a crucial moment. Would he stop?
"For the eighth rep, I basically know that this is all I've got," he recalls. "This is going to be it. It's going to be a matter of if I can get this up or not. And I'm thinking about how tired I am, and how heavy this feels, but I know I have to try it. I want to go to absolute failure. I don't want to leave anything back. No second guessing as far as if I could have done more reps."
He pulled. The bar went up…then came down. He was done. But as Koklyaev walked toward Pete and raised his hands in the air, it was clear that this man had left it all out there.
Take Your PR and Come Back Another Day
The goal was 735 pounds for 10 reps; the result was 735 pounds for 7 reps. But a PR is a PR, and Pete wasn't going to dismiss it.
"I'm not too upset, but I would have liked to do better. That was a pretty cool moment when Mikhail lifted my arm up," he recalls. "It was a really good day. Just not quite what I would have hoped I could hit. It's still the most I've ever done beltless."





That's the beauty and cruelty of The Cage. You get one opportunity to display what you can do, and that moment defines you in the eyes of everyone present—maybe even some of your heroes. Would you play it safe or would you push it until you had absolutely nothing left in the tank? For this powerful strength icon, there was no doubt.
"Live in the moment. Enjoy it," Pete says. "Try to take it all in and do the best you can when you have the opportunity, because it might not always be there."




You May Like













Double Amputee Jared Bullock Hits The Bodybuilding Stage













Jim Stoppani Comes Home To Bodybuilding.com













Editors' Picks: Our Favorite Things For June 2017













10 Inspiring Instagram Fitness Fanatics













Let Big-Screen Heroes Like Wonder Woman Inspire Your Next Workout













How Fitness Experts Fight The Summer Training Lull















TrainingLose FatBuild MuscleFind A PlanFitness AppsWorkoutsExercise DatabaseTransformationsFor SportsContestsAsk the ExpertsMotivationTrackers
















































Series B Columbus, as series of BTA US Series Platform, LLC - List of CEOs, founders and company directors

















directorpedia.net - List of CEOs, founders, board members and company directors











Series B Columbus, as series of BTA US Series Platform, LLC
List of persons related to the company Series B Columbus, as series of BTA US Series Platform, LLC. Find out list of CEOs, founders, board members, and company directors of Series B Columbus, as series of BTA US Series Platform, LLC.

CIK Number: 0001659276IRS Number: 371794264Company address: 733 THIRD AVENUE 15TH FLOOR NEW YORK 10017Phone number: 212-916-7450Former name: Series B Columbus, as series of BTA Absolute Return CEE Strategy Platform, LLC, date of change: 2015-11-24



People related to Series B Columbus, as series of BTA US Series Platform, LLC
NamePositionStreetCityCountryN/A  BTA Investment Advisors, LLC135 E. 57th Street, 24th Floor New YorkNYN/A  BTA Investment Advisors, LLC950 Third Avenue New YorkNYN/A  BTA Investment Advisors, LLC733 Third Avenue 15th FloorNew YorkNYGray  Clarke135 E. 57th Street, 24th Floor New YorkNYGray  Clarke950 Third Avenue New YorkNYGray  Clarke733 Third Avenue 15th FloorNew YorkNYN/A  Concorde Asset Management, Ltd.Alkotas Point Irodahaz 1123 Budapest, Alkotas ut 50BudapestHungaryM. Toldalagi  Paul135 E. 57th Street, 24th Floor New YorkNYM. Toldalagi  Paul950 Third Avenue New YorkNYM. Toldalagi  Paul733 Third Avenue 15th FloorNew YorkNY




Series B Columbus, as series of BTA US Series Platform, LLC on the Web
Related companiesSeries 1 - Virage Capital Post Settlement Fund LP, Series 1 of Nightscape Special Opportunities Fund, LP, Series 1 of RMB Fixed Income Opportunities QP LLC, Series 1 of RMB Private Equity Opportunities QP LLC, Series 1 of RMB Real Estate Opportunities QP LLC, Series 1-LIN of Windspeed Partners Series LLC, Series 2 of RMB Private Equity Opportunities QP LLC, Series 5 - Virage Capital Partners LP, Series A of Gaw Capital U.S. Value Add REIT I, LLC, Series A PI, as series of BTA Absolute Return CEE Strategy Platform, LLC, Series A PI, as series of BTA US Series Platform, LLC, Series A, a series of Balter '40 Act Capital Alternatives, L, Series A- Carlyle Energy Mezzanine Opportunities, a series o, Series ABC, Inc., Series ABS of Mesirow Financial TALF Opportunity Fund LLC












 













Index Exhibition


























26 - 29 MARCH, 2018
DUBAI WORLD TRADE CENTRE DUBAI




Exhibit in 2018




Home

Exhibit



Event Brochures


Top Post-Show Figures


Top 5 reasons to exhibit


About INDEX


Exhibitor Case Studies




Visit



2017 Exhibitor List


Products You Can Source


Meet New Suppliers


Visitor Admission Policy


Date & Venue


Plan your visit




What's On



Architecture & Design Awards


Design Talks


2017 Feature Highlights




Market Intelligence



Free Market Reports


About the Region


Expo 2020


2017 Design Trends




News & Media



Contact Us



Alaa Alush


Alaa Alush (1)


Esha Elawadhi


Melissa O'Gorman (1)


Melissa O'Gorman (2)


Melissa O'Gorman (3)


Burcin Tas


Burcin Tas (1)


Kenny Hajj


Esha Elawadhi (1)


Vina Alcala


Euan Mclelland


Aashita Vaya


Michaela Pennington


Edna Evangelista


DMG


Savitha Abreo

















search


























2017 Winners 
View the INDEX Architecture & Design Awards winners

READ MORE











Event Brochures
Download the INDEX post-show reports

READ MORE





                    Latest Tweets









INDEXDubai

									  An Insider’s Take on Workspace Trends in 2017 https://t.co/l9PQy9t27B via @lovethatdesign1
                                            26/07/2017











INDEXDubai

									  New Dubai Harbour mega project to feature Dubai Lighthouse tower https://t.co/HAB9UmIYim
@designMENA https://t.co/SwdYB5Hsq4
                                            25/07/2017











INDEXDubai

									  RT @Chantiers_Maroc: INDEX DUBAI : la Maison de l’Artisan, une présence marquante
https://t.co/QLgyrggTa7 via @Chantiers_Maroc @INDEXDubai…
                                            25/07/2017













News & Press Releases








Noura AlGhandi, 23, named INDEX Design Entrepreneur of the Year
The brains and creative flair behind ALBAL Design Studio, Noura is a truly inspiring Emirati businesswoman and interior designer whose already firmly established brand not only has a sterling client list, but is also routinely offering a helping hand to local firms looking to get off the ground...

READ MORE










Design celebrated at INDEX awards as show opens up to consumers for its final days
Held at the Palazzo Versace Dubai on Tuesday, the prize-giving paid tribute to the vast pool of design minds who continue to transform the UAE’s stunning interior and architectural landscape, while also rewarding the most innovative local and international products featuring at the 2017 INDEX Design Series...

READ MORE










INDEX learns of the latest residential trends for 2017
Wellbeing, sunset colours, lighting, the colour green and texture were the key words taken from today’s residential trends talk by Letitia Taylor, Jo Hamilton & Adrian Shaw...

READ MORE










Jo Hamilton talks luxury at INDEX's opening Design Talk
The London-based designer, writer and broadcaster took part in an In Conversation seminar this afternoon, during which she explained the opportunities and challenges that come her way as the go-to interior stylist for the well-heeled...

READ MORE










His Highness Sheikh Hamdan bin Rashid Al-Maktoum, Deputy Ruler of Dubai and UAE Minister of Finance, launches INDEX & Middle East Stone
Joined by INDEX event director Samantha Kane-Macdonald, Yan Wang of Middle East Stone, and dmg events design portfolio director Tony Crinion, His Highness launched the four-day exhibitions before being given a guided tour of the show floor, interacting with stand-holders...

READ MORE










INDEX 2017 set to begin as report reveals region's interiors marker now worth $18bn
A region-wide study – the details of which are released today, the day before the official start of the 2017 INDEX Design Series; the Middle East’s biggest interior design exhibition – found that despite oil price fluctuations, the Gulf’s interiors industry has grown in value by more than US$2.2billion in the last 12 months alone...

READ MORE










Debut INDEX appearance takes Bethan Gray full circle
The 2014 ‘Best British Designer’ has an extraordinary family history. Descendants of an ancient Rajasthani clan, Bethan’s ancestors spent centuries migrating across Arabia and Persia before eventually settling in rural Wales...

READ MORE












SHOW GALLERY












































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































INDEX SECTORS 
INDEX is comprised of 8 market-leading interiors, design and surface materials sectors that allow architects, creatives, designers, hoteliers, retailers and wholesalers to come together, network, learn and source products that create world-class interiors for some of the biggest residential, commercial, hospitality, educational and medical projects.









Objets
A Showcase of Décor That Enhances Every Room

Find out more












Furniture & Furnishings
Furniture For Every Living Space

Find out more












Kitchen & Bathroom
Kitchen & Bathroom fit-outs for every home

Find out more












Lighting
Lighting Up The Region’s Latest Design Projects

Find out more












Sleep
The Ultimate Sleep Environment for Your Design Projects

Find out more












Textiles
Textiles That Give Identity To Every Project

Find out more










show highlights




Day 1







Day 2







Day 3










Index Partners

Silver Sponsor
Design Talks Sponsor
Best Hospitality Project
Best Commercial Design Project, Public Space
Best Residential Project
Best Restaurant Design Project
INDEX Design Cafe Sponsor
Elite Sponsor - Made a Mano
Elite Sponsor - Finasi
Gift Sponsor - Salt
Gift Sponsor - Playsam
Gift Sponsor - Parkers
Dubai Design & Fashion Council
APID
BCFA
EPCH
ICC
IIID





Media Partners

AEC Online
Architect
Construction Week
Design 4 2day
Eye of Dubai
Eye of Riyadh
Interior Design
Lamasat
Touch

















Discover the other events part of the INDEX Design Series



















































 Close








































Ballistic Advantage | Premium AR Barrels and AR Replacement Parts

















































JavaScript seems to be disabled in your browser.
                    You must have JavaScript enabled in your browser to utilize the functionality of this website.                











 



 
 
 














Menu



Search



Account



Compare






Ballistic Advantage Logo






Search:

Search












Cart
 

 


You have no items in your shopping cart.
 
 
 





Compare
 



You have no items to compare.




Account
Wishlist
Log In
Sign Up

 
 
 
 
 
 






Menu






Shop AR Parts AR Barrels 5.56 Nato Barrels 5.56 Modern Series5.56 Performance Series.223 Wylde Premium Series6.5 Creedmoor6.5 Grendel - NEW!300 Blackout Barrels .300 Blackout Modern Series.300 Blackout Performance Series.300 Blackout Premium Series9mm Barrels308 Win Barrels AR308 Modern SeriesAR308 Premium Series5.45x39mmBA Hanson Barrels 5.56 Nato BA Hanson.223 Wylde BA Hanson6.5 Grendel BA Hanson - NEW!.300 Blackout BA Hanson.308 Win BA HansonAR Complete Uppers KeyMod Complete UppersMOE®  Complete UppersAR Replacement Parts Muzzle DevicesGas TubesBarrel PartsReceiversReceiver PartsOn Sale Barrel of the WeekFluted Barrels .223 Wylde Premium SeriesNon-Threaded Barrels .223 Wylde Premium Series5.56 NATO Modern Series.308 Win Modern SeriesLifestyle T-ShirtsPatches


AR 15 Blog




Resources




Careers




Dealers




FAQ




Contact




About




 
 
 
 
 
 











 

Leading the industry in quality and performance, Ballistic Advantage produces precision AR barrels and AR replacement parts at an unbelievably low price point.  Take advantage and shop now. 

With old-fashioned craftsmanship and state-of-the-art equipment our AR 15 barrels maintain the highest quality standard in the industry. Just one look at the finish reveals the pride we administer in every AR barrel. 

AR replacement parts and AR 15 accessories are what we do best. Enjoy free shipping on our entire catalog of AR parts. 
 
 
 
 















 
  










 
 
 





 
About Ballistic Advantage


Here at Ballistic Advantage we produce quality AR barrels that exceed the most enduring demands of our customers. All of our AR-15 barrels surpass the competition in accuracy, precision, and beautifully contoured aesthetics. Our engaged team of engineers and machinists continually improve designs and create new innovations to enhance performance, from our popular 16" AR barrels to all other lengths and styles we provide to produce the best functioning AR's available.
View Our AR Accessories

 Quality AR Barrels 
 Hanson Series Barrels 
 AR Replacement Parts 
 BA Apparel 

 

 
 AR Replacement Parts and Accessories


1
AR Barrels: 5.56 NATO, .223 Wylde, 5.45x39mm, .300 Blackout and More!


3
BA Hanson Series AR BarrelsImproved Design, Superior Accuracy.


2
AR Replacement Parts: Barrel Accessories, Receiver Parts, Gas System Parts.



(QMS) Quality Statement
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy

 
Company Info



Phone - 407.347.4584



Email - sales@bamfg.com



HoursPhone: M - Fr. 9am - 5pm est, Closed WeekendsShop: By appointment only


  



















 




Newsletter



Subscribe






 
 
 






© 2014 Ballistic Advantage, LLC. All Rights Reserved.

 
 
 


 
 

v: 1498
                












KEEP IN TOUCH
Make sure to subscribe for the latest deals, giveaways and new product announcements!

 




Subscribe



More Ways to Stay Connected
Join Us on Facebook and Instagram for Exciting Deals and Offers!




Like us on Facebook
Visit us on Instagram



 






 
 

 







Silver Line® Windows and Doors

























































Request a Quote
Find A Dealer
1-800-426-4261




































                    Silver Line®
                

Whether you’re replacing windows, expanding your home or building new from the ground up, Silver Line® products provide the reliability, low maintenance and affordability you’re looking for in a vinyl window or patio door.








The easy choice for reliable, affordable windows & patio doors.
Not every home requires the same solution. Not every homeowner has the same taste. With a range of solutions, Silver Line® windows and patio doors have just what you need to help make your house your home.
Whether you prefer traditional styling, a contemporary look, a lot of options or just the basics, there are two series of Silver Line® windows and patio doors to help meet your needs and your budget.















V3 SERIES
The Silver Line® V3 Series is our premium vinyl window & patio door portfolio with traditional styling, enhanced features and performance.

Wide profiles for a more traditional look
Variety of features, options and sizes
Available with glass options that are ENERGY STAR® certified for greater energy efficiency
Low-maintenance vinyl construction inside and out
Custom sizes available 
Backed by industry-leading Limited Lifetime Warranty*

VIEW ALL V3 SERIES PRODUCTS













V1 SERIES
The Silver Line® V1 Series has a simple design and offers the most common sizes and options.

Slim profiles for a more contemporary look
Most popular features, options and sizes
Available with glass options that are ENERGY STAR® certified for greater energy efficiency
Low-maintenance vinyl construction inside and out
Custom sizes available
Backed by industry-leading Limited Lifetime Warranty*

VIEW ALL V1 SERIES PRODUCTS










 










*See the Silver Line limited warranty for details.









Find This Product








 Use current location



















See More














Zabitat.com 

(855) 813-3111


Dealer Website 
 





View more Home Depot locations 
 










