




Series A PI, as series of BTA US Series Platform, LLC - Pooled Investment Fund- Bta Investment Advisors, Llc  FormDs.com - SEC filings of fundraisings and investments in hedge funds, private equity firms, startups, and growing companies 











 FormDs.com 





 Newest
 Filter
 Local




 









Series A PI, as series of BTA US Series Platform, LLC

      Industry: Pooled Investment Fund
      (See others in industry)

Address:



    733 Third Avenue 15 Th Floor 
    New York, NY, 10017Phone: 212-916-7450 




Filings



Date
FilingType
Reported Sold
Incremental Cash 
Type
Exemptions
Link to Raw Filing




	2017-01-20


Amended


Yet to Sell


$0


Equity Only


06b 3C 3C.7


SEC link




	2016-12-08


Amended


Yet to Sell


$0


Equity Only


06b 3C 3C.7


SEC link




	2015-12-08


New


Yet to Sell


$0


Equity Only


06b 3C 3C.7


SEC link






Directors and Executives (Current and Past)



Name
Role



 N/A Bta Investment Advisors, Llc 
 Promoter 


 N/A Concorde Asset Management, Ltd. 
 Promoter 


 Clarke Gray 
 Executive 


 Paul M. Toldalagi 
 Executive 





















 













 






Service Provider Products, Solutions, and Services - Cisco





































































































Home
Skip to content
Skip to footer

















Cisco.com Worldwide Home


Guest






Search

























Service Provider Products, Solutions, and Services















How can we help you?
Explore our service provider offerings below, or view our infographic to learn the benefits of Cisco Open Network architecture.
See whitepaper






























Network Infrastructure











Data Center and Cloud Infrastructure









Data Center Interconnect


Data Center and Virtualization


Network Function Virtualization (NFV)


NFV Infrastructure


Software Defined Networking (SDN)







 


Network Management









Application Centric Infrastructure (ACI)


Cloud and Systems Management


Data Center Management and Automation


Network Infrastructure Management


Network Management for Service Providers


Network Service Orchestration and Automation







 




Network Infrastructure









Cable Access


Carrier Ethernet, Aggregation and Edge Solutions


Core Networks


Mobility Infrastructure


Network Infrastructure and Mobility Security


Optical Networking


OSS and Network Management







 
















Cloud









Service Provider Cloud









Network Services Orchestrator Solutions


Virtual Managed Services


Virtual Topology System







 
















Video









Service Provider Video









Infinite Video Platform


Video Security Solutions


Virtualized Video Processing (V2P)







 
















Mobility









Service Provider Mobility









Evolved Packet Core (EPC)


Fronthaul and Mobile xHaul


Internet of Things Cloud Connect


Ultra Services Platform







 



 
 


Evolved Packet Core (LTE EPC)









Prime for Mobility


ASR 5000 Series


MME Mobility Management Entity


PGW Packet Data Network Gateway


SGW Serving Gateway


ePDG Evolved Packet Data Gateway


Services







 


 
 


Policy Suite









Access Policy Server


Policy Suite for BNG


Policy Suite for Mobile


Policy Suite for Wi-Fi


SON Suite


ASR 5000 Series







 


 
 


Universal Wi-Fi Solution









8500 Series Wireless Controller


Mobility Services Engine


Enterprise Mobility Services Platform


ASR 1000 Series Aggregation Services Routers


Prime Access Registrar


Network Control System for Cisco Prime


Services for Service Providers


 Aironet 1560 Series Outdoor Universal Wi-Fi Access Points


 Aironet 1570 Series Outdoor Universal Wi-Fi Access Points


Aironet 3800 Series Indoor Access Points


Aironet 3700 Series Indoor Access Points


Aironet 3600 Series Indoor Access Points


Aironet 2800 Series Indoor Access Points


Aironet 1810W Series Indoor Access Points







 


 
 


Universal Small Cell









Universal Small Cell RAN Management System


Universal Small Cell 8000 Series


Universal Small Cell 7000 Series


Universal Small Cell 5000 Series


Universal Small Cell 3000 Series


ASR 5000 Series


ASR 5000 Series Small Cell Gateway


ASR 901S Series Aggregation Services Routers


Advanced Services for Service Providers







 



























 

Paul Toldalagi's involvement in venture capital (via Series A Pi As Series Of Bta Absolute Return Cee Strategy Platform Llc, Concorde Pi Alternative Investment Master Fund Ltd, Concorde Columbus Global Opportunity Offshore Fund Ltd)































Want to see more?Want to find out who got funded, and who’s funding the next big thing? in real time? all across the world? tailored to your specific areas of focus?100+ deals per dayGet access to the most exhaustive worldwide funding watch on the web!Comprehensive funding informationKnow about who invested in a company, which sites covered the event, the funding history, etc.Exclusive insightsView original analytics such as most dynamic industries, most active investors, and more!Stay aware!Get emailed when deals critical to your business happen. Filter by region, industry and topics of interest.As seen onHave a login?Sign inRegister now!It's free!Use your social accountOr fill in the quick form:Register nowpromise we won't spamSign invia your social account:via your existing WGF account:Remember meRegister, it's freeForgot your password?SIGN INForgot your password?Enter your e-mail and we will send you your new password.reset passwordThe world's largest funding base/people/233997-paul-toldalagisection=people&subsection=detail&id=233997




			Search deals by company name, industry, location, investors...			
			




SEARCH


PaulToldalagiGet alertedif Paul Toldalagi gets funded!Paul ToldalagiSeries A Pi As Series Of Bta Absolute Return Cee Strategy Platform Llc - Executive OfficerConcorde Pi Alternative Investment Master Fund Ltd - Director, Executive OfficerConcorde Columbus Global Opportunity Offshore Fund Ltd - Executive Officer, DirectorDeals involving Paul ToldalagiUndisclosed raised with Series A Pi As Series Of Bta Absolute Return Cee Strategy Platform Llc on December, 2015$11,870,963 raised with Concorde Pi Alternative Investment Master Fund Ltd on December, 2015$10,739,895 raised with Concorde Columbus Global Opportunity Offshore Fund Ltd on December, 2015Please note that all data is automatically extracted and errors can occur.The WhoGotFunded team has not necessarily reviewed the information in this page and has not determined if it is accurate and complete.Some of the profile information was collected using the Crunchbase API. For more details on the profile, please check Paul Toldalagi on Crunchbase.Inaccurate Data? Help us improve WhoGotFunded: post a comment!
















Series B Financing



















































































 























Topics



What's New



Starbucks Shares Tumble on Fears of Slowing US Growth




FANG Stocks Hit Nasdaq with Major Bearish Reversal


Topics

News
Financial Advisors
Markets
Anxiety Index
Investing
Managing Wealth
ETFs
The Trump Economy
Retirement
Personal Finance
Trading
ETFs Made Simple
Tech
Life Stages
Small Business
Bitcoin





Reference



Dictionary
Term Of The Day

Free Rider Problem
1. In economics, the free rider problem refers to a situation where some individuals ... 
Read More »



Broker Reviews




Find the best broker for your trading or investing needs
See Reviews



Latest Videos


Influence: Terri Kallsen


Guides

Stock Basics
Economics Basics
Options Basics


Exam Prep

Series 7 Exam
CFA Level 1
Series 65 Exam





Advisors




Advisor Insights
Our network of expert financial advisors field questions from our community.
Ask A Question



Join Advisor Insights
Are you a financial advisor? Showcase your expertise to 20+ million investors.
Join Now



Financial Advisors
Sophisticated content for financial advisors around investment strategies, industry trends, and advisor education.


Find an Advisor

Atlanta
Los Angeles
Boston
New York
Houston





Markets




Markets
The latest markets news, real time quotes, financials and more.



Watchlist
Track stocks and ETFs
Add New Watchlist





Simulator




Stock Simulator
Trade with a starting balance of $100,000 and zero risk!



FX Trader
Trade the Forex market risk free using our free Forex trading simulator.






NEW
                                Academy
                            




Investopedia Academy
Learn from the world's leader in financial education
Check out all courses


Featured Courses



Become a day trader
Start Learning



Excel for Finance
Start Learning



Latest Courses

Become a Day Trader
Excel for Finance
Coming soon: Fundamental Investing
Coming soon: Financial Modeling
All Courses






















Site Log In


Advisor Insights Log In



Newsletters

























Series B Financing









Share










































Loading the player...
















 

What is the 'Series B Financing'
Series B financing is the second round of financing for a business through any type of investment including private equity investors and venture capitalists. Successive rounds of financing or funding a business are consecutively termed Series A, Series B and Series C financing. The Series B round generally takes place when the company has accomplished certain milestones in developing its business.

      
BREAKING DOWN 'Series B Financing'
      In a Series B financing round, companies have generally advanced their business, resulting in a higher valuation by this time. Companies can seek various ways to raise funds in a Series B financing round. Investors usually pay a higher price for investing in the company than the Series A investors.For publicly traded companies, an increased number of shares can be issued on the open market. In early stage funding and specifically in a Series B funding round, equity investors typically prefer to receive convertible preferred stock to common stock because of the special features of preferred stock, such as dividend accrual and anti-dilution, that may not be available in common stock.In addition to the public markets, businesses have an increasing number of fundraising resources for which they can obtain capital. In Series B funding, companies often utilize similar previously pursued fundraising channels due to familiarity and reporting convenience.For startups and small businesses, funding can come from private equity investors and venture capitalists as well crowdfunded equity and credit investments. Direct capital raising from private equity investors and venture capitalists can require some specific investment constraints with limits on capital and percentage capital allowed from each investor.Crowdfunded InvestmentsCrowdfunded investments are also becoming more popular in the small business sector thanks to support from the federal government and the Jumpstart Our Business Startups (JOBS) Act. These investments also have limitations on fundraising levels and capital allowances per investor. However, crowdfunded investments provide for a wider market from which businesses can receive capital.In the crowdfunded market, businesses can offer their company for investment to an unconstrained market of retail, private equity, venture capital and institutional investors. Businesses can also receive loans from crowdfunded investors. All such investing activities are transacted through an internet finance platform operated by a crowdfunded internet finance provider that connects companies with investors at low costs to both parties due to the minimized cost structures achieved through the internet finance operations.Overall, small businesses have a growing number of options from which to choose when raising capital at all stages of financing. In Series B financing, companies can choose new financing methods that better fit their current situation or repeat similar funding methods as used in Series A financing.






  


 









 




Trading Center




















                                                    Series A Financing                                            




                                                    Alphabet Rounds                                            




                                                    "A" Round Financing                                             




                                                    Crowdfunding                                            




                                                    Investment Crowdfunding                                            




                                                    Down Round                                            




                                                    Finance                                            




                                                    Venture Capital                                            




                                                    Venture Capital Funds                                            




Next Up 

































 

Dictionary:
#
a
b
c
d
e
f
g
h
i
j
k
l
m
n
o
p
q
r
s
t
u
v
w
x
y
z




Content Library
Articles
Terms
Videos
Guides
Slideshows
FAQs
Calculators
Chart Advisor
Stock Analysis
Stock Simulator
FXtrader
Exam Prep Quizzer
Net Worth Calculator




Connect With Investopedia
























Work With Investopedia
About Us
Advertise With Us
Write For Us
Contact Us
Careers




Get Free Newsletters
Newsletters









Work With Investopedia
About Us
Advertise With Us
Write For Us
Contact Us
Careers



© 2017, Investopedia, LLC.

All Rights Reserved
Terms Of Use
Privacy Policy
























Series C CEE Long-Only, as a series of BTA US Series Platform, LLC - Who is raising money? | SEC filings of fundraisings and investments in hedge funds, startups and private equity companies















Who is raising money?











Series C CEE Long-Only, as a series of BTA US Series Platform, LLC  Funding details


Series C CEE Long-Only, as a series of BTA US Series Platform, LLC Industry: Pooled Investment FundCIK Number: 0001709456IRS Number: 300991888Address: 733 THIRD AVENUE, 15TH FLOOR  NEW YORK 10017Phone number: 212-916-7450



Series C CEE Long-Only, as a series of BTA US Series Platform, LLC Filings

DateFiling TypeOfferedSoldRemainingMin. investmentInvest. countExemption / Exlusions
2017-06-16New Form DIndefiniteYet To SellIndefinite$0006b 3C 3C.7[SEC Filing]



Directors and Executives of Series C CEE Long-Only, as a series of BTA US Series Platform, LLC
Key People in Series C CEE Long-Only, as a series of BTA US Series Platform, LLC:

N/A BTA Investment Advisors, LLCN/A Concorde Asset Management, Ltd.Clarke GrayPaul Toldalagi
Similar companiesSeries ABS of Mesirow Financial TALF Opportunity Fund LLC, Series CMBS of Mesirow Financial TALF Opportunity Fund LLC, Series C of Tarpon All Equities Fund, LLC, Series C, a series of Magnetar SPV LLC, Series L, a series of Magnetar SPV LLC, Series C Amar - OMP Partners III LLC, Series D Painter - OMP Partners III LLC, Series E - Enterprise OMP Partners III LLC, Series F Las Palmas - OMP Partners III LLC, Series 1 of RMB Fixed Income Opportunities QP LLC, Series A- Carlyle Energy Mezzanine Opportunities, a series o, Series B- Hamlin SMA, a series of Green Square Private Investment Partners, LLC








Last visited companies: ZIPLIST INC, Beach Point Strategic Fund II LP, Beach Point Strategic Fund LP, Beach Point Strategic Offshore Fund Ltd., Beach Point Strategic Offshore Fund Ltd.

								© whoisraisingmoney.com
Daily updated news about investment into startups, hedge funds and private equity companies.
















Series B Columbus, as series of BTA US Series Platform, LLC - List of CEOs, founders and company directors

















directorpedia.net - List of CEOs, founders, board members and company directors











Series B Columbus, as series of BTA US Series Platform, LLC
List of persons related to the company Series B Columbus, as series of BTA US Series Platform, LLC. Find out list of CEOs, founders, board members, and company directors of Series B Columbus, as series of BTA US Series Platform, LLC.

CIK Number: 0001659276IRS Number: 371794264Company address: 733 THIRD AVENUE 15TH FLOOR NEW YORK 10017Phone number: 212-916-7450Former name: Series B Columbus, as series of BTA Absolute Return CEE Strategy Platform, LLC, date of change: 2015-11-24



People related to Series B Columbus, as series of BTA US Series Platform, LLC
NamePositionStreetCityCountryN/A  BTA Investment Advisors, LLC135 E. 57th Street, 24th Floor New YorkNYN/A  BTA Investment Advisors, LLC950 Third Avenue New YorkNYN/A  BTA Investment Advisors, LLC733 Third Avenue 15th FloorNew YorkNYGray  Clarke135 E. 57th Street, 24th Floor New YorkNYGray  Clarke950 Third Avenue New YorkNYGray  Clarke733 Third Avenue 15th FloorNew YorkNYN/A  Concorde Asset Management, Ltd.Alkotas Point Irodahaz 1123 Budapest, Alkotas ut 50BudapestHungaryM. Toldalagi  Paul135 E. 57th Street, 24th Floor New YorkNYM. Toldalagi  Paul950 Third Avenue New YorkNYM. Toldalagi  Paul733 Third Avenue 15th FloorNew YorkNY




Series B Columbus, as series of BTA US Series Platform, LLC on the Web
Related companiesSeries 1 - Virage Capital Post Settlement Fund LP, Series 1 of Nightscape Special Opportunities Fund, LP, Series 1 of RMB Fixed Income Opportunities QP LLC, Series 1 of RMB Private Equity Opportunities QP LLC, Series 1 of RMB Real Estate Opportunities QP LLC, Series 1-LIN of Windspeed Partners Series LLC, Series 2 of RMB Private Equity Opportunities QP LLC, Series 5 - Virage Capital Partners LP, Series A of Gaw Capital U.S. Value Add REIT I, LLC, Series A PI, as series of BTA Absolute Return CEE Strategy Platform, LLC, Series A PI, as series of BTA US Series Platform, LLC, Series A, a series of Balter '40 Act Capital Alternatives, L, Series A- Carlyle Energy Mezzanine Opportunities, a series o, Series ABC, Inc., Series ABS of Mesirow Financial TALF Opportunity Fund LLC












 






 

Series A Pi As Series Of Bta Absolute Return Cee Strategy Platform Llc - Funding history, company info, news ...































Want to see more?Want to find out who got funded, and who’s funding the next big thing? in real time? all across the world? tailored to your specific areas of focus?100+ deals per dayGet access to the most exhaustive worldwide funding watch on the web!Comprehensive funding informationKnow about who invested in a company, which sites covered the event, the funding history, etc.Exclusive insightsView original analytics such as most dynamic industries, most active investors, and more!Stay aware!Get emailed when deals critical to your business happen. Filter by region, industry and topics of interest.As seen onHave a login?Sign inRegister now!It's free!Use your social accountOr fill in the quick form:Register nowpromise we won't spamSign invia your social account:via your existing WGF account:Remember meRegister, it's freeForgot your password?SIGN INForgot your password?Enter your e-mail and we will send you your new password.reset passwordThe world's largest funding base/companies/219638-series-a-pi-as-series-of-bta-absolute-return-cee-strategy-platform-llcsection=companies&subsection=detail&id=219638  




			Search deals by company name, industry, location, investors...			
			




SEARCH


Series A Pi As Series Of Bta Absolute Return Cee Strategy Platform LlcCompany DetailsGet alertedif Series A Pi As Series Of Bta Absolute Return Cee Strategy Platform Llc gets funded!Series A Pi As Series Of Bta Absolute Return Cee Strategy Platform LlcFunding history Key peopleCountry:State:City:United StatesNew YorkNew York CityIndustry:Finance Funding history DateDeal sizeInvestors December 8th, 2015Undisclosed-View DealCreate alertManage your alerts in accountWant to know when Series A Pi As Series Of Bta Absolute Return Cee Strategy Platform Llc gets funded?Key peopleClarke GrayExecutive OfficerPaul ToldalagiExecutive OfficerPlease note that all data is automatically extracted and errors can occur.The WhoGotFunded team has not necessarily reviewed the information in this page and has not determined if it is accurate and complete.Inaccurate Data? Help us improve WhoGotFunded: post a comment!