 


Board of Directors :: Actinium Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (ATNM)




























  






















Home


About













	About
 


Board of Directors



Sandesh Seth

                        Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board                        
Mr. Seth has 20+ years experience in investment banking (Laidlaw & Co., Cowen & Co.), equity research (Bear Stearns, Commonwealth Associates) and in the pharmaceutical industry (Pfizer, Warner-Lambert, SmithKline in strategic planning, business development and R&D project management). Mr. Seth is the Chairman of the Board of Relmada Therapeutics Inc., a publicly listed, specialty pharmaceuticals company focused on pain therapeutics. Mr. Seth has received his M.S. degree in Pharmaceutical Science from the University of Oklahoma and his M.B.A. with a concentration in finance from NYU Stern. 



C. David Nicholson, B.S., Ph.D

                        Director                        
C. David Nicholson, BS, PhD., is Independent Director of Actinium Pharmaceuticals Inc. He is Senior Vice President, Global Brands R&D at Actavis plc. Previously he was on the Executive Committee of Bayer CropScience as Head of Research & Development responsible for the integration of the company’s R&D activities into one global organization. Dr. Nicholson graduated in pharmacology, earning his B.Sc. from the University of Manchester (1975) and his Ph.D. from the University of Wales (1980). Between 1978 and 1988, Dr. Nicholson worked in the pharmaceutical industry for the British company Beecham-Wülfing in Gronau, Germany. The main emphasis of his activities as group leader in a multidisciplinary project group was the development of cardiovascular drugs. From 1988-2007, Dr. Nicholson held various positions of increasing seniority in the UK, the Netherlands and the USA with Organon a Business Unit of Akzo Nobel. Ultimately he became Executive Vice President, Research & Development, and member of the Organon Executive Management Committee. He implemented change programs, leading to maximizing effectiveness in research & development, ensuring customer focus and the establishment of a competitive pipeline of innovative drugs. In 2007, Dr. Nicholson transferred to Schering-Plough, Kenilworth, New Jersey, USA, as Senior Vice President, responsible for Global Project Management and Drug Safety. From 2009 to December 2011, he was Vice President Licensing and Knowledge Management at Merck in Rahway, New Jersey, USA, reporting to the President of Merck R&D. As an integration team member, David Nicholson played a role in the strategic mergers of Organon BioSciences, the human and animal health business of Dutch chemical giant Akzo-Nobel, and Schering-Plough in 2007 as well as of Schering-Plough and Merck in 2009. C. David Nicholson is presently on the Board of multiple biotechnology companies, including Actinium Pharmaceuticals, Inc.

Committees



Committee
Role




Compensation Committee
 Chair




Audit Committee
 Member




Corporate Governance Committee
 Member








Ajit Shetty, Ph.D.

                        Director                        
Dr. Shetty is a pharmaceutical industry executive with 36 years of experience at Johnson & Johnson (J&J) and its subsidiary Janssen. Most recently Dr. Shetty served as the Head of Enterprise Supply Chain at J&J where he was responsible for the transformation and optimization of J&J's global supply chain.
Dr. Shetty joined Janssen Pharmaceutica, Inc. in 1976 ultimately rising to the position of President in 1986 where he led the establishment of Janssen's business in the U.S. From 1999 to 2008 he was Managing Director of Janssen Pharmaceutica, during this time the Janssen Group of companies' global sales grew from $1 billion to $8 billion, and from 2004 until 2012 he was Chairman of the Board of Directors. In Dr. Shetty's most recent role at Johnson & Johnson he was head of Enterprise Supply Chain, where he reported to the CEO and was responsible for the transformation and optimization of Johnson & Johnson's supply chain. Dr. Shetty earned a Ph.D. in Metallurgy and B.A. Natural Sciences from Trinity College, Cambridge University and a Master of Business Administration from Carnegie Mellon University.
In 2007, Dr. Shetty was bestowed the title of Baron by King Albert II of Belgium for his exceptional merits. He is a member of the Board of Trustees of Carnegie Mellon University, serves on the Board of Governors for GS1 (Global Standards) in Belgium and formerly served on the Corporate Advisory Board of the John Hopkins Carey Business School. In 2016, Dr. Shetty was named as Chairperson of the Vlaams Instituut voor Biotechnologie (VIB), a Belgium based life sciences research institute focused on translating scientific results into pharmaceutical, agricultural and industrial applications. In addition, he was elected Manager of the Year in 2004 in Flanders and received a Life-Time Achievement Award in India in 2010.

Committees



Committee
Role




Corporate Governance Committee
 Chair




Audit Committee
 Member




Compensation Committee
 Member








Richard l. Steinhart

                        Director                        
Richard I. Steinhart has served as our Director and Chairman of the Audit Committee since November 2013. Mr. Steinhart is also a member of our Compensation Committee. Through December 2013, Mr. Steinhart was employed by MELA Sciences, Inc, as their Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Secretary since April 2006 and in April 2012, Mr. Steinhart received a promotion to Sr. Vice President, Finance. From May 1992 until joining the Company, Mr. Steinhart was a Managing Director of Forest Street Capital/SAE Ventures, a boutique investment banking, venture capital, and management consulting firm focused on healthcare and technology companies. Prior to Forest Street Capital/SAE Ventures, he was Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Emisphere Technologies, Inc.
Mr. Steinhart’s other experience includes seven years at CW Group, Inc., a venture capital firm focused on medical technology and biopharmaceutical companies, where he was a General Partner and Chief Financial Officer. Until December 2011, Mr. Steinhart served on the Board of Manhattan Pharmaceuticals, Inc., a biopharmaceutical company and was Chairman of its Audit Committee. Mr. Steinhart began his career at Price Waterhouse, now known as PricewaterhouseCoopers. He holds B.B.A. and M.B.A degrees from Pace University and is a Certified Public Accountant (inactive).

Committees



Committee
Role




Audit Committee
 Chair




Compensation Committee
 Member




Corporate Governance Committee
 Member






 




Bone Marrow Transplant Induction and Conditioning in One
Iomab-B, Actinium’s lead asset, is in a pivotal Phase 3 clinical trial as an induction and conditioning agent in patients over the age of 55 with relapsed or refractory Acute Myeloid Leukemia (AML) prior to receiving a bone marrow transplant (BMT), also known as a hematopoietic stem cell transplant or HSCT. View highlights of Key Opinion Leaders discussing Iomab-B: View Clinical Panel Discussion 

Robust Pipeline
Actinium Pharmaceuticals' drug development pipeline features Iomab-B, which is in a pivotal Phase 3 clinical trial, Actimab-A, which is in a Phase 2 clinical trial, and Actimab-M currently in a Phase 1 clinical trial. Actinium is focused on continuing to expand its drug development pipeline by leveraging its APIT technology platform and domain expertise. View Pipeline





Email Sign Up
Receive the latest news, events and updates!
Sign Up Now




 




Sandesh C. Seth M.S.,MBA: Executive Profile & Biography - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 11:50 AM ET
Biotechnology

Company Overview of Actinium Pharmaceuticals, Inc.



SnapshotPeople 




OverviewBoard MembersCommittees



Executive Profile
Sandesh C. Seth M.S.,MBAExecutive Chairman & CEO, Actinium Pharmaceuticals, Inc.AgeTotal Calculated CompensationThis person is connected to 2 Board Members in 2 different organizations across 4 different industries.See Board Relationships53--
Background

		Mr. Sandesh C. Seth, M.S., MBA has been Chief Executive Officer of Actinium Pharmaceuticals, Inc. since June 9, 2017. Mr. Seth serves as the Head of Healthcare Investment Banking at Laidlaw & Company (UK) Ltd. Mr. Seth has been the Executive Chairman and Director of Actinium Pharmaceuticals, Inc. since October 2013 and March 2012 respectively. Prior to this, he served as the Managing Partner at AmerAsia Capital Partners, LLC. He also founded the firm. Prior to that, ... He served as an Investment Banker at SG Cowen & Co. LLC. Prior to that, he served as an Equity Analyst at Bear Stearns Companies Inc., Research Division. Prior to that, Mr. Seth was at Commonwealth Associates, Inc. where he covered the life sciences sector. He served as a Research Analyst at Commonwealth Associates L.P., Research Division. As part of his financial services experience, He was also involved with various strategic initiatives such as mergers and acquisitions, leveraged and management buy-outs and licensing and joint ventures, including the $100 billion merger of Pfizer and Warner-Lambert and the $20 billion merger of Pharmacia & Upjohn with Monsanto. In addition, he has over seven years of pharmaceutical industry experience including R&D project management, marketing and strategic planning at SmithKline Beecham Inc., Warner-Lambert & Co., and Pfizer Inc respectively. He served as the Chairman of Relmada Therapeutics, Inc. from June 2015 to June 6, 2017. He served as Director of Relmada Therapeutics, Inc. from October 2012 to June 6, 2017 and served as its Lead Director since January 2014. He served as a Director of Cactus Ventures, Inc., since December 28, 2012. He has over 20 years of experience in merchant and investment banking, equity research at Cowen & Co., Bear Stearns and Commonwealth Associates and in the pharma industry at Pfizer, Warner-Lambert and SmithKline. Mr. Seth has published and presented several scientific articles and was awarded the University Regents Award for Research Excellence at the University of Oklahoma. He was designated as Regulatory Affairs Certified by the Regulatory Affairs Professionals Society which signified proficiency with U.S. FDA regulations. Mr. Seth is also registered with the NASD as a General Securities Representative (Series 7, 79 and 63). He has an M.B.A. in Finance from New York University, an M.S. in the Pharmaceutical Sciences from the University of Oklahoma Health Center and a B.Sc. in Chemistry from Bombay University.Read Full Background




Corporate Headquarters
275 Madison AvenueNew York, New York 10016United StatesPhone: 646-767-3870Fax: --
Board Members Memberships
DirectorActinium Corporation2012-PresentExecutive Chairman & CEOActinium Pharmaceuticals, Inc.
Education
MBA New York UniversityMS University of OklahomaBS University of Mumbai
Other Affiliations
New York UniversityUniversity of OklahomaUniversity of MumbaiRelmada Therapeutics, Inc.Bear Stearns Companies Inc., Research DivisionAmerAsia Capital Partners, LLCCactus Ventures, Inc.Commonwealth Associates L.P., Research DivisionActinium Corporation


Annual Compensation
				There is no Annual Compensation data available.
				Stocks Options
				There is no Stock Options data available.
				Total Compensation
				There is no Total Compensation data available.
			



Request Profile Update
















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



COMPETITOR COMPENSATIONThere is no Competitor Compensation data available.










Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Actinium Pharmaceuticals, Inc., please visit .  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close































Expert - Sandesh Seth
































Streetwise Reports The Gold Report The Energy Report The Life Sciences Report


The Gold ReportThe Energy ReportThe Life Sciences Report






























Sector Expert: Sandesh Seth



Actinium Pharmaceuticals Inc.



Sandesh Seth is the executive chairman of Actinium Pharmaceuticals Inc., a biopharmaceutical company developing innovative, targeted payload radioimmunotherapeutics for the treatment of advanced cancers. Mr. Seth has 20-plus years of healthcare industry experience that encompasses in investment banking (Cowen & Co.), equity research (Bear Stearns, Commonwealth Associates) and the pharma industry (Pfizer, Warner-Lambert, SmithKline in strategic planning, business development and R&D project management). In addition, Mr. Seth is the chairman of Relmada Therapeutics Inc., a publicly listed specialty pharmaceuticals company focused on pain therapeutics. He has an M.S. in pharmaceutical science from the University of Oklahoma, and an M.B.A. in finance from New York University's Leonard Stern School of Business.



Subscribe toStreetwise Reports




Recent Interviews



	

	Radioimmunotherapy 2.0: Actinium Sets Eyes on Bone Marrow Transplant and AML with Later-Stage Programs (8/17/16)

Radioimmunotherapy is experiencing a renaissance, and Actinium Pharmaceuticals Inc. is in position to benefit, according to company executive chairman Sandesh Seth. With two assets targeting treatment of AML in older adults in clinical trials, and a platform primed to "nuke cancer," the company has a number of milestones in its near future that investors should be watching.


Due to permission requirements, not all quotes are shown.





SubscribeAboutDisclaimerContactSponsorshipSyndicationCareersPolicies




© 2017 Streetwise Reports. All rights reserved.
Streetwise Reports is registered with the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office.

























Actinium Pharmaceuticals Announces Appointment Of Sandesh Seth As Chief Executive Officer - TheStreet





























































 

 




















Action Alerts PLUS

Access AAPJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 2017Charitable Trust PortfolioMost Recent Trade Alert25 Investing Rules10 Trading Commandments

Real Money

Access RM25 Rules of InvestingJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 201710 CommandmentsStressed Out StocksCramer's Blog

Cramer
Mad Money
ETFs
Futures
Markets
Much More

BanksBiotechRetailTechPersonal FinanceRetirementFinancial Advisor CenterHow to SpendOptionsFixed IncomeVideo










Privacy Policy|Terms of Use© 1996- TheStreet Inc. All rights reserved
















                                DJIA
                            







                                NASDAQ
                            







                                S&P 500
                            






Market Data updated






Sign In




Your Membership(s)








Your Account





Account Preferences


Alerts


Newsletters







Subscribe





Logout



Subscribe

Access insights and guidance from our Wall Street pros. Find the product that's right for you.
Action Alerts PLUS
Action Alerts OPTIONS
Daily Swing Trade
Income Seeker
Quant Ratings
Real Money
Real Money Pro
Stocks Under $10
Top Stocks
Trifecta Stocks
Real Money Pro Portfolio
Chairman's Club
Compare All 
Chatter on the Street













































 








































Actinium Pharmaceuticals Announces Appointment Of Sandesh Seth As Chief Executive Officer






GlobeNewswire



Jun 9, 2017 7:30 AM EDT













 


















































  - Mr. Seth to serve as Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of Directors  - Independent Director Dr. Ajit Shetty appointed to the Company's Corporate Governance, Audit and Compensation Committees NEW YORK, June 09, 2017 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Actinium Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (NYSE MKT:ATNM) ("Actinium" or "the Company"), a biopharmaceutical company developing innovative targeted payload immunotherapeutics for the treatment of advanced cancers, announced today that Actinium's Board of Directors unanimously appointed Mr. Seth as Chief Executive Officer, effective immediately.  Mr. Seth will continue his role as Chairman that commenced in October of 2013.  In addition, Steve O'Loughlin has been appointed Principal Financial and Accounting Officer as of May 15, 2017. Actinium's Board of Directors released a statement that said, "As Executive Chairman, Mr. Seth has been dedicated to advancing the goals of Actinium Pharmaceuticals with a focus on patient outcomes and shareholder value.  Under Mr. Seth's guidance, the Company has made tremendous progress recently, which includes hiring of key personnel such as our Chief Medical Officer, Dr. Mark Berger, VP-Clinical and Commercial Strategy, Steven Price, and several senior members of the core manufacturing team.  Mr. Seth's initiatives have sharply focused the clinical organization that is driving progress of our clinical trials.  In addition, key intellectual property is being filed and value enhancing initiatives are being progressed as he assembles a robust team that is capable of generating value.  We are excited to announce the appointment of Mr. Seth as the Company's Chief Executive Officer as we have great confidence in his ability to lead Actinium in its next phase of development, which includes continued development of our Iomab-B, Actimab-A, and Actimab-M drug candidates as well as our alpha particle technology platform.  In doing so, we believe Actinium will establish itself as a leader at the intersection of radioimmunotherapy and oncology."  



 








 










































If you liked this article you might like













Anthem Denies Cigna Breakup Fee as Merger Bid Crumbles
Anthem's statement comes a day after a Delaware judge declined to grant an extension to Anthem's takeover effort.



Tony Owusu

May 12, 2017 2:03 PM EDT
























These 5 Stocks Under $10 Could Explode Up Soon
Here's a technical look at how to trade several under-$10 stocks triggering breakout trades.



Roberto Pedone

Feb 9, 2017 2:03 PM EST
























These 5 Stocks Are Breaking Out
Here's how to trade five stocks that are ready to break out and trade higher from current levels.



Roberto Pedone

Aug 26, 2016 12:00 PM EDT

















Friday Small-Cap Focus: Actinium
FDA's approval of one of its primary drug candidates was crucial.



Bret Jensen

Dec 18, 2015 11:00 AM EST








































 











Trending


Amazon and General Electric Are Friday's Smoking Hot Tickers: AMZN, TSLA, SBUX, GE, AAPL


Amazon and Starbucks Team Up to Take Down Nasdaq


Here Is Why Jim Cramer Doesn't Want to Buy More Starbucks Shares for Action Alerts PLUS


Apple Investing Billions in OLED Display


Buy Chevron, Exxon Mobil on Solid Dividends: Chart Pinpoints When to Load











Advertising Partners



 






 






 






 


























 

























 































 


©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved.Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc.




Compare Brokers



 







 







 







 







 







 












     ATNM Company Profile & Executives - Actinium Pharmaceuticals Inc. - Wall Street Journal                                     DOW JONES, A NEWS CORP COMPANY         News Corp is a network of leading companies in the worlds of diversified media, news, education, and information services.  DOW JONES  Barron's BigCharts DJX Dow Jones Newswires Factiva Financial News Mansion Global MarketWatch   Newsmart NewsPlus Private Markets Risk & Compliance WSJ.com WSJ Pro WSJ Conference WSJ Video    NEWS CORP  Big Decisions Business Spectator Checkout51 Harper Collins New York Post PropTiger REA   realtor.com Storyful The Australian The Sun The Times              DJIA ▲  21792.58 -0.02%        S&P 500 ▲  2469.16 -0.25%        Nasdaq ▲  6360.97 -0.33%        U.S. 10 Yr ▲  5/32 yield 2.293%        Crude Oil ▲  49.63 1.20%        Euro ▲  1.1752 0.65%                 Subscribe Now Sign In      The Wall Street Journal     U.S. Edition  U.S. Asia Europe India 中国 (China) 日本 (Japan)    July 28, 2017   Today's Paper     Sections    My Journal       Home   World   U.S.   Politics   Economy   Business   Tech   Markets   Opinion   Arts   Life   Real Estate   Today's Paper   SHOW ALL SECTIONS HIDE ALL SECTIONS     World Home   Africa Asia Canada China Europe Latin America Middle East   Economy   World Video     U.S. Home   Economy Law New York Politics   Real Time Economics Washington Wire   Journal Report U.S. Video What's News Podcast     Politics Home   Washington Wire   Politics Video WSJ/NBC News Poll     Economy Home   Real Time Economics   Economic Forecasting Survey Economy Video     Business Home   Management Tech/WSJ.D   Aerospace & Defense Autos & Transportation Commercial Real Estate Consumer Products Energy Entrepreneurship Financial Services Food & Services Health Care Hospitality Law Manufacturing Media & Marketing Natural Resources Retail   CFO Journal CIO Journal CMO Today Logistics Report Risk & Compliance   Heard on the Street   Business Video Journal Report Business Podcast     Tech Home   CIO Journal   Geoffrey Fowler Christopher Mims Joanna Stern Li Yuan   Billion Dollar Startup Club Tech Video Tech Podcast Startup Stock Trader     Markets Home   Bonds Commercial Real Estate Commodities & Futures Currencies Deals Financial Services Funds Stocks Your Money   Heard on the Street MoneyBeat Wealth Adviser Ahead of the Tape   CFO Journal Journal Report Market Data Markets Video Markets Podcast MoneyBeat Podcast Watching Your Wealth Podcast     Opinion Home   James Freeman William A. Galston Daniel Henninger Holman W. Jenkins William McGurn Peggy Noonan Mary Anastasia O'Grady Jason Riley Kimberley A. Strassel   Books Film Television Theater Art Masterpiece Series Music Dance Opera Exhibition Cultural Commentary   Editorials Commentary Letters to the Editor The Weekend Interview Potomac Watch Podcast Foreign Edition Podcast Opinion Video Notable & Quotable Best of the Web Newsletter Morning Editorial Report Newsletter     Arts Home   Books Film Television Theater Art Masterpiece Series   Arts Video WSJ. Magazine     Life Home   Careers Cars Food & Drink Health Ideas Real Estate Science Sports Style & Fashion Travel   Life Video WSJ. Magazine WSJ Puzzles The Future of Everything     Real Estate Home   Commercial Real Estate House of the Day Mansion   Real Estate Video      HIDE ALL SECTIONS      Aim higher, reach further.  Get the Wall Street Journal $12 for 12 weeks. Subscribe Now   Sign In   Reveal Navigation Options    Subscribe Sign In              Actinium Pharmaceuticals Inc. ATNM (U.S.: NYSE American)      search    View All companies           REAL TIME 11:50 AM EDT 07/28/17     $0.68 USD     -0.28 -29.41%     Volume 2,843,637       Volume 2,843,637     65 Day Avg Vol 390,815     1 Day Range 0.65 - 0.90     52 Week Range 0.65 - 2.15 (07/28/17 - 09/27/16)          1 D 5 D 1 M 3 M YTD 1 Y 3 Y    $ %            Advanced Charting Compare     Compare to Benchmark:   DJIA   S&P 500   GLOBAL DOW   NASDAQ   Health Care/Life Sciences      Compare to    Add          Open  0.90   Prior Close  0.97 (07/26/17)     1 Day    ATNM -29.41%     DJIA -0.03%     Russell 2K -0.46%     Health Care/Life Sciences 0.00%                             Overview Profile Key People     Overview Profile Financials Income Statement Balance Sheet Cash Flow Research & Ratings Historical Prices Options Advanced Charting              Sandesh Seth, 53 Executive Chairman & Chief Executive Officer, Actinium Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Mr. Sandesh Seth is Executive Chairman & Chief Executive Officer at Actinium Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and Managing Partner at Jamess Capital Group LLC. Mr. Seth was previously employed as Lead Director by Camp Nine, Inc., Lead Director by Relmada Therapeutics, Inc. /Old/, Chairman by Relmada Therapeutics, Inc., and Head-Healthcare Investment Banking by Laidlaw & Co. (UK) Ltd. He also served on the board at Cactus Ventures, Inc. and Actinium Pharmaceuticals, Inc. /Old/. He received his undergraduate degree from the University of Mumbai, a graduate degree from the University of Oklahoma Health Sciences Center and an MBA from The Leonard N Stern School of Business.          News Actinium Pharmaceuticals Inc.ATNM   Significant News Only       2 hours ago Dow Jones Newswires   Actinium Pharmaceuticals Files 8K - Entry Into Definitive Agreement   Dow Jones Newswires     2 hours ago Dow Jones Newswires   Actinium Pharmaceuticals Files 8K - Regulation FD   Dow Jones Newswires     2 hours ago Press Release   Actinium Announces Pricing of Public Offering of Common Stock and Warrants to Purchase Common Stock   Press Release     19 hours ago Press Release   Actinium Announces Proposed Public Offering of Common Stock and Warrants to Purchase Stock   Press Release     07/25/17 Press Release   Stock Performance Review on Biotech Industry -- BioPharmX, AmpliPhi Biosciences, Actinium Pharma, and Matinas BioPharma   Press Release     07/13/17 Press Release   Actinium Pharmaceuticals to Host Webinar Focused on Actimab-A and Recent Developments Related to CD33 Targeted AML Therapies on July 13, 2017 at 8:00 am ET   Press Release     07/06/17 Press Release   Actinium Pharmaceuticals to Host Webinar Focused on Actimab-A and Recent Developments Related to CD33 Targeted AML Therapies on July 13, 2017 at 8:00 am ET   Press Release     07/03/17 Dow Jones Newswires   Actinium Pharmaceuticals Files 8K - Entry Into Definitive Agreement   Dow Jones Newswires     06/16/17 Dow Jones Newswires   Actinium Pharmaceuticals Files 8K - Changes Exec Mgmt   Dow Jones Newswires     06/16/17 Dow Jones Newswires   Actinium Pharmaceuticals Files 8K - Entry Into Definitive Agreement   Dow Jones Newswires     06/15/17 Press Release   Actinium Pharmaceuticals Issues Mid-Year Letter to Shareholders Highlighting Accomplishments and Significant Value Enumerating Catalysts Over the Coming Quarters   Press Release     06/15/17 Press Release   Actinium Pharmaceuticals Announces Appointment of Nitya Ray, Ph.D. as Executive Vice-President, Head of Product Development, Manufacturing and Supply Chain and Other Key Hires in its Product Development and Manufacturing Teams   Press Release     06/12/17 Press Release   Actinium Pharmaceuticals to Host Webinar on June 12th to Update on Pivotal Phase 3 SIERRA Clinical Trial for Iomab-B   Press Release     06/09/17 Dow Jones Newswires   Actinium Pharmaceuticals Files 8K - Changes Exec Mgmt   Dow Jones Newswires     06/09/17 Press Release   Actinium Pharmaceuticals Announces Appointment of Sandesh Seth as Chief Executive Officer   Press Release     06/08/17 Dow Jones Newswires   Actinium Pharmaceuticals Files 8K - Entry Into Definitive Agreement   Dow Jones Newswires     06/08/17 Press Release   Actinium Pharmaceuticals Highlights Presence at Upcoming Society of Nuclear Medicine and Molecular Imaging Annual Meeting   Press Release     06/08/17 Press Release   UPDATE -- Actinium Pharmaceuticals to Host Webinar on June 12th to Update on Pivotal Phase 3 SIERRA Clinical Trial for Iomab-B   Press Release     05/31/17 Press Release   Actinium Pharmaceuticals to Host Webinar on June 12th to Update on Pivotal Phase 3 SIERRA Clinical Trial for Iomab-B   Press Release     05/24/17 Press Release   Actinium Pharmaceuticals Granted Orphan Designation from the European Medicines Agency for Actimab-A   Press Release     05/23/17 Press Release   Actinium Pharmaceuticals to Present Actimab-A Data at the 10th International Symposium on Targeted Alpha Therapy   Press Release     05/19/17 Press Release   Research Reports Initiation on Biotech Stocks -- Agenus, Athersys, Actinium Pharma, and AVEO Pharma   Press Release     05/17/17 Press Release   Actinium Pharmaceuticals Announces Appointment of Hematology Expert Dr. Richard Stone of the Dana-Farber Cancer Institute to its Scientific Advisory Board   Press Release     05/16/17 Dow Jones Newswires   Actinium Pharmaceuticals Files 8K - Changes Exec Mgmt   Dow Jones Newswires     05/11/17 Dow Jones Newswires   Actinium Pharmaceuticals Files 8K - Changes Exec Mgmt   Dow Jones Newswires     05/11/17 Dow Jones Newswires   Actinium Pharmaceuticals Files 8K - Entry Into Definitive Agreement   Dow Jones Newswires     05/10/17 Press Release   Actinium Pharmaceuticals Receives Clearance from Health Canada to Initiate Pivotal Phase 3 SIERRA Trial of Iomab-B   Press Release     load more                All Company Executives Actinium Pharmaceuticals Inc.       Sandesh Seth, 53 Executive Chairman & Chief Executive Officer     Steve Oloughlin Chief Financial & Accounting Officer     Mark S. Berger Chief Medical Officer     Nitya G. Ray, 64 Executive Vice President     Maria Gomes Nunes Manager-Quality Control & Assurance     Jeannine Larrieux Director-Analytical Development     Laura Chen Senior Quality Assurance Specialist     David Gould Senior VP-Finance & Corporate Development     Rowena Choudrie Director-Pharmaceutical Product Development     Corey Sohmer Vice President-Finance & Business Development     Ajit S. Shetty Director     Evan Smith Vice President-Investor Relations & Finance     Richard M. Stone Chief of Staff & Program Director     C. David Nicholson, 62 Independent Director     Richard I. Steinhart, 60 Independent Director      expand          Advertisement                 Notes & Data Providers   Real-time U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. International stock quotes are delayed as per exchange requirements. Indexes may be real-time or delayed; refer to time stamps on index quote pages for information on delay times. Quote data, except U.S. stocks, provided by SIX Financial Information. Data is provided "as is" for informational purposes only and is not intended for trading purposes. SIX Financial Information (a) does not make any express or implied warranties of any kind regarding the data, including, without limitation, any warranty of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose or use; and (b) shall not be liable for any errors, incompleteness, interruption or delay, action taken in reliance on any data, or for any damages resulting therefrom. Data may be intentionally delayed pursuant to supplier requirements.  All of the mutual fund and ETF information contained in this display was supplied by Lipper, A Thomson Reuters Company, subject to the following: Copyright  © Thomson Reuters. All rights reserved. Any copying, republication or redistribution of Lipper content, including by caching, framing or similar means, is expressly prohibited without the prior written consent of Lipper. Lipper shall not be liable for any errors or delays in the content, or for any actions taken in reliance thereon. Bond quotes are updated in real-time. Source: Tullett Prebon. Currency quotes are updated in real-time. Source: Tullet Prebon. Fundamental company data and analyst estimates provided by FactSet. Copyright  FactSet Research Systems Inc. All rights reserved.        Advertisement                


ATNM Sandesh Seth Insider Trades for Actinium Pharmaceuticals Inc.


































X

Tweet
 

Share this bulletin

Get news bulletins by email

Bulletin

Pentagon confirms detection of North Korea missile launch Friday »
        




Investor Alert







New York Markets Close in:



Market Snapshot
Winners and Losers


















Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close































Actinium Pharmaceuticals Inc.

                  NYSE American: ATNM
          



GO



Set Alerts
Find a Broker




Join TD Ameritrade




Market Index


 

Overview
      
Profile
      
News
      
Charts
      
Financials
      
Historical Quotes
      
Analyst Estimates
      
Options
      
SEC Filings
      
Insiders
      


/marketstate/country/us

Actinium Pharmaceuticals Inc.



Market open
 --Real time quotes
Jul 28, 2017, 11:50 a.m.


ATNM

/quotes/zigman/31805674/composite


$
0.68




Change

-0.28
-29.41%

Volume
Volume 2.92m
Real time quotes








/quotes/zigman/31805674/composite
Previous close

$
			0.97
		


$
				0.68
			
Change

-0.28
-29.41%





Day low
Day high
$0.65
$0.90










52 week low
52 week high

            $0.65
        

            $2.15
        


















Insider Activity


Individual




Sandesh Seth



Mr. Sandesh Seth is Executive Chairman & Chief Executive Officer at Actinium Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and Managing Partner at Jamess Capital Group LLC. Mr. Seth was previously employed as Lead Director by Camp Nine, Inc., Lead Director by Relmada Therapeutics, Inc. /Old/, Chairman by Relmada Therapeutics, Inc., and Head-Healthcare Investment Banking by Laidlaw & Co. (UK) Ltd. He also served on the board at Cactus Ventures, Inc. and Actinium Pharmaceuticals, Inc. /Old/. He received his undergraduate degree from the University of Mumbai, a graduate degree from the University of Oklahoma Health Sciences Center and an MBA from The Leonard N Stern School of Business.



Transactions


Date
Shares
Transaction
Value





06/15/2017
5,000


 
Acquisition at $1.16 per share.


5,800


06/15/2017
2,500


 
Acquisition at $1.17 per share.


2,925


12/30/2016
5,000


 
Acquisition at $0.88 per share.


4,400


12/12/2016
5,000


 
Acquisition at $0.98 per share.


4,900


04/18/2016
1,500


 
Acquisition at $1.99 per share.


2,985


04/18/2016
5,000


 
Acquisition at $1.98 per share.


9,900


04/15/2016
1,500


 
Acquisition at $2.01 per share.


3,015


04/15/2016
2,000


 
Acquisition at $2 per share.


4,000


04/14/2016
5,000


 
Acquisition at $2 per share.


10,000


08/08/2013
10,000


 
Award at $3.6 per share.


36,000





        Copyright 2017 FactSet Research Systems Inc. All rights reserved. Source FactSet Fundamentals.
    











            Officers and Executives
        





Mr. Sandesh  Seth 
Executive Chairman & Chief Executive Officer




Mr. Steve  Oloughlin 
Chief Financial & Accounting Officer




Dr. Mark S. Berger 
Chief Medical Officer




Dr. Nitya G. Ray 
Executive Vice President




Dr. Maria Gomes Nunes 
Manager-Quality Control & Assurance




Dr. Jeannine  Larrieux 
Director-Analytical Development




Ms. Laura  Chen 
Senior Quality Assurance Specialist




Dr. David  Gould 
Senior VP-Finance & Corporate Development




Ms. Rowena  Choudrie 
Director-Pharmaceutical Product Development




Mr. Corey  Sohmer 
Vice President-Finance & Business Development




Dr. Ajit S. Shetty 
Director




Mr. Evan  Smith 
Vice President-Investor Relations & Finance




Dr. Richard M. Stone 
Chief of Staff & Program Director




Dr. C. David Nicholson 
Independent Director




Mr. Richard I. Steinhart 
Independent Director









Trending Tickers


/quotes/zigman/17636479/composite VUZI+15.60%


/quotes/zigman/237947/composite JCP-5.83%


/quotes/zigman/59392505/composite NUGT-2.93%


/quotes/zigman/59386294/composite JNUG-5.94%


/quotes/zigman/65801738/composite TLT+1.11%


X




Powered by














Log In




11:50 AM EDT
July 28, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Open


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
11:49aHere’s one Trump fan who might make you some money
11:49aWhat the solar eclipse on Aug. 21 will mean for stocks
11:48aYou’ll save money on gas with the Tesla Model 3, but you may end up paying more elsewhere
11:47aSurprise: Those ‘great’ companies generally turn out to be meh ... or duds
11:47aThis quant pro and card counter says gambling can make you a better investor
11:45aWatch out: ‘Kids’ are making the most money in this stock market 
11:45aThis basic balanced index fund is beating the hedge fund averages
11:42aGold prices trade near session highs after reports of missile test in North Korea
11:42aAug. gold climbs by $8.70, or 0.7%, to $1,268.70/oz
11:40aWeekend roundup: Amazon’s spending | Surviving Amazon |  Caterpillar’s comeback
11:37aTesla’s Model 3 will be launched with panache--and a party--later Friday
11:35aWhat we can learn about dealing with setbacks at work from the Obamacare repeal failure
11:35aWhite House should tighten sanctions on North Korea, experts say
11:27aWhat is an ICO?
11:22aOne way you’re paying credit-card fees, even if you don’t have a card
11:18aStock market edges lower, on track for weekly losses 
11:18aOil sets sights on biggest weekly gain of the year
11:16aUPDATE: Invisalign maker Align stocks surge 8% after earnings blow past estimates
11:12aAirbus to sell plant holdings to Motorola
11:11aAmerican Airlines profit falls, unit revenue gains
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,792.14

-4.41
-0.02%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,360.93

-21.25
-0.33%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,469.12

-6.30
-0.25%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15

























































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft















Seth, Sandesh - The Wall Street Transcript











































 





































Sandesh  Seth
 Sandesh Seth is the Chairman of Actinium Pharmaceuticals, Inc. He has 20-plus years’ experience in merchant and investment banking, equity research — Laidlaw & Co. (UK) Ltd., Cowen & Co., Bear Stearns, Commonwealth Associates — and in the pharma industry — Pfizer, Warner-Lambert, SmithKline — in strategic planning, business development and R&D project management. Mr. Seth has an MBA in finance from New York University, an M.S. in the pharmaceutical sciences from the University of Oklahoma Health Center and a B.S. in chemistry from Bombay University. In addition, Mr. Seth is also Head of Healthcare Investment Banking at Laidlaw & Co. (UK) Ltd., a full-service investment banking and brokerage firm, and a director of Relmada Therapeutics Inc., a public specialty pharmaceuticals company.
Related Interviews:Interview with the Chairman: Actinium Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (ATNM)August 28, 2014







CartLatest NewsAll American USC Footbal Player Joseph M. Boskovich Jr. Now Picks All American Value Stocks for his ClientsPaul Hogan Picks Tech Dividend Growers Microchip Technology (NASDAQ:MCHP), Xilinx (NASDAQ:XLNX) and Versum Materials (NYSE:VSM)600 Gallons of Water to Produce a McDonalds (NYSE:MCD) Quarter Pounder:  How Will Investors Profit?The Wall Street Transcript is a completely unique resource for investors and business researchers.Over 20,000 CEO, Equity Analyst and Money Manager InterviewsSubscribe now!Sign Up For Newsletter Weekly email with New In-Depth Interviews


Email: 



Most Popular InterviewsBuilding Diversified Portfolios with Quality Global EquitiesGregory D. PadillaAlberto Jimenez Crespo Published July 27, 2017 in Investing StrategiesCompanies covered: AMZN 005930 AAPL MU WHR KIMBERA GS VOD PPG SHW VIV PEY Buy ($25)Building Accountability and Avoiding Mistakes Through the Decision ProcessDean  Pagonis Published July 27, 2017 in Investing StrategiesCompanies covered: CMP SBH AMZN ULTA CVS LRLCY KMB WWW SDF Buy ($25)Finding Optimal Balance Sheets by Utilizing High Yield Market ExpertiseZach  Miller Published July 27, 2017 in Investing StrategiesCompanies covered: LSXMK SIRI BLL CHTR ARMK Buy ($25)Most Popular ReportsInvesting Strategies Published July 24, 2017Buy ($175)Wireless Communications & Telecom Published July 14, 2017Buy ($175)Investing Strategies Published July 11, 2017Buy ($175) 






Top Company Interviews






Register for a Free Account to gain greater access to
            The Wall Street Transcript right now




CEO INTERVIEWSInterview with the President and CEO: Lumos Networks Corp. (NASDAQ:LMOS)Interview with the Corporate VP of Business Development, Strategy and Investor Relations: DSP Group, Inc. (NASDAQ:DSPG)Interview with the CEO and Director: Tactile Systems Technology, Inc. (NASDAQ:TCMD) 

SECTOR ROUNDTABLESNatural Gas Weighs Heavy On E&P Near-Term ProspectsRoundtable Forum:optimism Despite Uncertainty In For-profit EducationRoundtable Forum:a Shift In Focus To Natural Gas From Oil 

MONEY MANAGER INTERVIEWSBuilding Diversified Portfolios with Quality Global EquitiesBuilding Accountability and Avoiding Mistakes Through the Decision ProcessFinding Optimal Balance Sheets by Utilizing High Yield Market Expertise 

ANALYST INTERVIEWSAnalyzing the Secular Drivers Within Communications Infrastructure and TelecomSatellite Companies Benefiting from Growth in Data TrafficIncreased Focus on Content as Consumers Shift to Digital Consumption 




Subscribe Today!







                Since 1963
                © The Wall Street Transcript 1997-2016
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy  
            





https://www.twst.com/wp-admin/admin-ajax.php

Pin It on Pinterest





































Share This





Twitter





Facebook





Google+





Gmail





LinkedIn








































×





Join now for free!
Already a member?






First Name 





Last Name 





Email address *








Create new account
 


or create an account with a social network.

Join with Facebook


Join with Twitter


Join with Google








Username or Email address: *





Password: *






LoginJoin now! | Forgot password?
 


or login using a social network


Log in with Facebook


Log in with Twitter


Log in with Google
















Actinium Pharmaceuticals Announces Appointment of Sandesh Seth as Chief Executive Officer NYSE:ATNM









































































English
Français











Register
Sign In













Actinium Pharmaceuticals Announces Appointment of Sandesh Seth as Chief Executive Officer




















June 09, 2017 07:30 ET

 | Source: Actinium Pharmaceuticals






- Mr. Seth to serve as Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of Directors - Independent Director Dr. Ajit Shetty appointed to the Company’s Corporate Governance, Audit and Compensation Committees NEW YORK, June  09, 2017  (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Actinium Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (NYSE MKT:ATNM) ("Actinium" or "the Company"), a biopharmaceutical company developing innovative targeted payload immunotherapeutics for the treatment of advanced cancers, announced today that Actinium’s Board of Directors unanimously appointed Mr. Seth as Chief Executive Officer, effective immediately.  Mr. Seth will continue his role as Chairman that commenced in October of 2013.  In addition, Steve O’Loughlin has been appointed Principal Financial and Accounting Officer as of May 15, 2017. Actinium’s Board of Directors released a statement that said, “As Executive Chairman, Mr. Seth has been dedicated to advancing the goals of Actinium Pharmaceuticals with a focus on patient outcomes and shareholder value.  Under Mr. Seth’s guidance, the Company has made tremendous progress recently, which includes hiring of key personnel such as our Chief Medical Officer, Dr. Mark Berger, VP-Clinical and Commercial Strategy, Steven Price, and several senior members of the core manufacturing team.  Mr. Seth’s initiatives have sharply focused the clinical organization that is driving progress of our clinical trials.  In addition, key intellectual property is being filed and value enhancing initiatives are being progressed as he assembles a robust team that is capable of generating value.  We are excited to announce the appointment of Mr. Seth as the Company’s Chief Executive Officer as we have great confidence in his ability to lead Actinium in its next phase of development, which includes continued development of our Iomab-B, Actimab-A, and Actimab-M drug candidates as well as our alpha particle technology platform.  In doing so, we believe Actinium will establish itself as a leader at the intersection of radioimmunotherapy and oncology.” Sandesh Seth said, “It is an honor to be appointed Chief Executive Officer of Actinium at such an exciting time for the Company.  Our radioimmunotherapies hold tremendous potential for extremely sick cancer patients who lack effective treatment options especially in the areas of bone marrow transplant, acute myeloid leukemia and multiple myeloma.  I am excited to continue to work with the ever-stronger Actinium team to execute our vision of building an innovative biopharmaceutical company that transforms the treatment of patients with radioimmunotherapies.” The Company also announced that Dr. Ajit Shetty has been appointed to the Company’s Corporate Governance (Chairman), Audit and Compensation Committees in the place of Mr. Sergio Traversa who has resigned from Actinium’s Board of Directors.  Dr. Shetty joined Actinium’s Board of Directors as an independent director in March of 2017.  Dr. Shetty spent 36 years in key executive roles at Janssen and Johnson & Johnson.  From 1986 to 1990 he served as President of Janssen Pharmaceutica, Inc. where he established Janssen’s U.S. business.  From 1999 to 2008 he served as Managing Director and oversaw Janssen Group of companies’ growth in global sales from $1 billion to $ 8 billion and from 2004 to 2012 he served as Chairman of the Board of Directors. Most recently, Dr. Shetty was head of Enterprise Supply Chain at Johnson & Johnson.  In addition, the Company appointed Steve O’Loughlin Principal Financial and Accounting Officer on May 15, 2017.  Mr. O’Loughlin joined Actinium in October 2015 and has served as Vice President, Corporate Finance and Development. About Actinium Pharmaceuticals, Inc.  Actinium Pharmaceuticals, Inc. is a biopharmaceutical company developing innovative targeted therapies for patients with cancers lacking effective treatment options. Actinium's proprietary platform utilizes monoclonal antibodies to deliver radioisotopes directly to cells of interest in order to kill those cells safely and effectively. The Company's lead product candidate Iomab-B is designed to be used, upon approval, in preparing patients for a hematopoietic stem cell transplant, commonly referred to as bone marrow transplant. A bone marrow transplant is often the only potential cure for patients with blood-borne cancers but the current standard preparation for a transplant requires chemotherapy and/or total body irradiation that result in significant toxicities. Actinium believes Iomab-B will enable a faster and less toxic preparation of patients seeking a bone marrow transplant, leading to increase transplant success and survival rates. The Company is currently conducting a single pivotal 150-patient, multicenter Phase 3 clinical study of Iomab-B in patients with active, relapsed or refractory acute myeloid leukemia (AML) age 55 and older. The Company's second product candidate, Actimab-A, is currently in a multicenter open-label, 53-patient Phase 2 trial for patients newly diagnosed with AML age 60 and over. Actimab-A is being developed to induce remissions in elderly patients with AML who lack effective treatment options and often cannot tolerate the toxicities of standard frontline therapies. In addition, Actinium is developing Actimab-M, which is being studied in patients with relapsed or refractory multiple myeloma in a Phase 1 clinical trial. Actinium is also utilizing its alpha-particle immunotherapy (APIT) technology platform to generate new drug candidates based on antibodies linked to the element Actinium-225 that are directed at various cancers that are blood-borne or form solid tumors. Actinium Pharmaceuticals is based in New York, NY. To learn more about Actinium Pharmaceuticals, please visit www.actiniumpharma.com and to follow @ActiniumPharma on Twitter please visit, www.twitter.com/actiniumpharma. Forward-Looking Statements for Actinium Pharmaceuticals, Inc.   This news release contains "forward-looking statements" as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are based on management's current expectations and involve risks and uncertainties, which may cause actual results to differ materially from those set forth in the statements. The forward-looking statements may include statements regarding product development, product potential, or financial performance. No forward-looking statement can be guaranteed and actual results may differ materially from those projected. Actinium Pharmaceuticals undertakes no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise.Actinium Pharmaceuticals, Inc.

Steve O'Loughlin
Vice President, Finance and Corporate Development
soloughlin@actiniumpharma.com


Related Articles
other press releases by Actinium Pharmaceuticals


Actinium Announces Pricing of Public Offering of Common Stock and Warrants to Purchase Common Stock
July 28, 2017 09:10


Actinium Announces Proposed Public Offering of Common Stock and Warrants to Purchase Stock
July 27, 2017 16:05


Actinium Pharmaceuticals to Host Webinar Focused on Actimab-A and Recent Developments Related to CD33 Targeted AML Therapies on July 13, 2017 at 8:00 am ET
July 13, 2017 07:00


Actinium Pharmaceuticals to Host Webinar Focused on Actimab-A and Recent Developments Related to CD33 Targeted AML Therapies on July 13, 2017 at 8:00 am ET
July 06, 2017 07:30


Actinium Pharmaceuticals Issues Mid-Year Letter to Shareholders Highlighting Accomplishments and Significant Value Enumerating Catalysts Over the Coming Quarters
June 15, 2017 08:30






225



other news releases in

Directors and Officers

in the last 30 days
                            











Profile

Actinium Pharmaceuticals





  Subscribe via RSS
 Subscribe via ATOM
 Javascript



  New York, New York, UNITED STATES




Contact Data
Actinium Pharmaceuticals, Inc.

Steve O'Loughlin
Vice President, Finance and Corporate Development
soloughlin@actiniumpharma.com

Contact



With a Reader Account, it's easy to send email directly to the contact for this release. Sign up today for your free Reader Account!



Already have an account?  Log in here.











Media Files



Actinium Pharmaceuticals  Logo






LOGO URL | Copy the link below
            





Formats available:






                            Original
                        




                            Medium
                        




                            Small
                        








Tags
Acute Myeloid Leukemia
BMT Tandem
Bone Marrow Transplant
hematology
Leukemia
oncology
radioimmunotherapy
Stem Cell Transplant














Newswire Distribution Network & Management



Home
Newsroom
RSS Feeds
Legal
Contact Us






About Us
GlobeNewswire, a Nasdaq company, is one of the world's largest newswire distribution networks, specializing in the delivery of corporate press releases financial disclosures and multimedia content to the media, investment community, individual investors and the general public.
            




Contact Us


Corporate Headquarters
2321 Rosecrans Avenue.
Suite 2200
El Segundo, CA 90245
Phone: (800) 307-6627
Fax:  (800) 307-3567
            


European Headquarters
Woolgate Exchange,
25 Basinghall Street,
London EC2V 5HA
UK
Phone: +1 866-465-8454




© 2017 GlobeNewswire, Inc. All Rights Reserved.





