



MARTINEZ v. CONSULATE GEN | No. 16 Civ. 2390 (HBP). | Leagle.com












































Menu





Home
Featured Lawyers
Featured Decisions
Latest Decisions
Browse Decisions
Advanced Search



















LAWYER LOGIN








Home
Browse Decisions
MARTINEZ v. CONSULATE GENERAL OF ALGERIA IN NEW YORK



					 
				




								MARTINEZ v. CONSULATE GENERAL OF ALGERIA IN NEW YORK
							

Email  | 
								Print  |
								Comments (0)



									No. 16 Civ. 2390 (HBP).
								




View Case
Cited Cases






JOSE MARTINEZ, Plaintiff,
v.
CONSULATE GENERAL OF ALGERIA IN NEW YORK, Defendant.


United States District Court, S.D. New York.
November 15, 2016.


Editors Note
									
									Applicable Law: 29 U.S.C. § 201 
									
									Cause: 29 U.S.C. § 201 Fair Labor Standards Act 
									
									Nature of Suit: 710 Labor: Fair Standards 
Source: PACER









Attorney(s) appearing for the Case
Jose Martinez, Plaintiff, represented by  Jeffrey Hill Dorfman , Fitapelli & Schaffer LLP.
Jose Martinez, Plaintiff, represented by  Brian Scott Schaffer , Fitapelli & Schaffer LLP.
Consulate General Of Algeria In New York, Defendant, represented by  Eric William Ruden , Duane Morris, LLP.





OPINION AND ORDER OF DISMISSAL
HENRY PITMAN, Magistrate Judge.
This matter is before me on the parties' joint application to approve the parties' settlement (Docket Item 21). All parties have consented to my exercising plenary jurisdiction pursuant to 28 U.S.C. § 636(c).
The plaintiff formerly worked for the Consulate General of Algeria in New York (the "Consulate") as a chauffeur, seeking overtime premium pay and damages for wrongful termination. The overtime claims are brought under the Fair Labor Standards Act ("FLSA"), 29 U.S.C. §§ 201 et seq., and the New York Labor Law; plaintiff's wrongful termination claim is asserted under the New York City Human Rights Law, N.Y.C. Admin. Code §§ 8-107 et seq. Plaintiff also asserts claims under the Labor Law based on defendant's alleged failure to maintain certain records and to provide certain notices and defendant's allegedly making unlawful deductions from plaintiff's wages.
Plaintiff alleges that he was employed as the personal driver of the General Counsel of the Consulate from November 20, 2011 through January 18, 2016. Plaintiff claims that he received a set monthly salary of $2,895.00 with no overtime premium pay despite the fact that, according to plaintiff, he routinely worked 60 hours per week. Plaintiff claims that he is owed $84,320.00 in unpaid overtime, liquidated damages under the FLSA in the amount of $55,044.00, liquidated damages under the Labor Law in the amount of $84,320.00 and $7,500.00 for wage notice violations. Plaintiff's submissions do not quantify the amount due as a result of the allegedly illegal deductions from plaintiff's wages.
Plaintiff's wrongful termination claim arises from incidents that occurred in late December 2015 and early 2016. On December 26, 2015, plaintiff drove home in the Consulate's car. Plaintiff claims he began experiencing chest pains on the way home, stopped at the Emergency Department of Interfaith Medical Center in Brooklyn and was subsequently admitted to New York Methodist Hospital for a heart attack. Plaintiff underwent open heart surgery on December 30, 2016. Plaintiff states that he was unable to return to work until February 2016 and that he was wrongfully terminated due to his disability on January 18, 2016. Plaintiff seeks wrongful termination damages of $150,000.00.
Defendant takes issue with the complaint on multiple grounds. First, the Consulate claims that hiring a chauffeur does not constitute commercial activity within the meaning of the Foreign Sovereign Immunities Act, 28 U.S.C. §§ 1602 et seq. ("FSIA"), and that it is, therefore, entitled to sovereign immunity with respect to all of plaintiff's claims. Even if it were not immune, the Consulate claims that plaintiff's overtime claim is inflated in terms of both the hours plaintiff worked and his hourly rate. The Consulate claims that although plaintiff occasionally worked more than 40 hours per week, plaintiff's claim that he routinely worked 60 hours per week is grossly overstated. In addition, the Consulate claims that plaintiff's overtime claim is further overstated because plaintiff has calculated his regular hourly rate assuming that his salary was intended to compensate him for only 40 hours per week. The Consulate claims that the correct way to calculate plaintiff's regular hourly is to assume that the salary was intended to provide compensation for all the hours plaintiff actually worked. Using a regular work week of 50 hours per week, which the Consulate claims is still overstated, the Consulate claims that plaintiff's unpaid overtime wages are approximately $9,200.00. Finally, with respect to plaintiff's wrongful termination claim, the Consulate claims that plaintiff was terminated for taking the Consulate's car home without authorization and for being absent for an extended period of time without explanation. The Consulate contends that prior to his termination, plaintiff never contacted the Consulate to explain his absence, to request an accommodation or to advise when he would be able to return to work.
The parties have agreed to a settlement in the total amount of $65,000.00. The proposed settlement further provides that plaintiff's counsel will receive $21,945.33 and that the balance of $43,054.67 will be paid to plaintiff. The amount allocated to counsel appears to be comprised of the $400.00 filing fee plus one-third of the remaining settlement proceeds, i. e., $400.00 + ($64,600.00 + 3). The settlement agreement does not allocate the settlement figure between plaintiff's overtime claims and his wrongful termination claim.
I held a lengthy settlement conference on July 8, 2016 that was attended by the principals and their counsel. Although the parties did not settle at the conference, they reported the settlement during a follow-up conference call on July 22, 2016.
Court approval of an FLSA settlement is appropriate
"when [the settlement] [is] reached as a result of contested litigation to resolve bona fide disputes." Johnson v. Brennan, No. 10 Civ. 4712, 2011 WL 4357376, at *12 (S.D.N.Y. Sept. 16, 2011). "If the proposed settlement reflects a reasonable compromise over contested issues, the court should approve the settlement." Id. (citing Lynn's Food Stores, Inc. v. United States, 679 F.2d 1350, 1353 n. 8 (11th Cir. 1982)).
Aqudelo v. E & D LLC, 12 Civ. 960 (HB), 2013 WL 1401887 at *1 (S.D.N.Y. Apr. 4, 2013) (Baer, D.J.). "Generally, there is a strong presumption in favor of finding a settlement fair, [because] the Court is generally not in as good a position as the parties to determine the reasonableness of an FLSA settlement." Lliguichuzhca v. Cinema 60, LLC, 948 F.Supp.2d 362, 365 (S.D.N.Y. 2013) (Gorenstein, M.J.) (inner quotation marks and citations omitted). "Typically, courts regard the adversarial nature of a litigated FLSA case to be an adequate indicator of the fairness of the settlement." Beckman v. Keybank, N.A., 293 F.R.D. 467, 476 (S.D.N.Y. 2013) (Ellis, M.J.), citing Lynn's Food Stores, Inc. v. United States, 679 F.2d 1350, 1353-54 (11th Cir. 1982). The presumption of fairness in this case is bolstered by the caliber the parties' counsel. Based upon their pre-conference submissions and their performance at the settlement conference, it is clear to me that all parties are represented by counsel who are known to me to be extremely knowledgeable regarding all issues in the case and who are well suited to assess the risks of litigation and the benefits of the proposed settlement.
In Wolinsky v. Scholastic, Inc., 900 F.Supp.2d 332, 335 (S.D.N.Y. 2012), the Honorable Jesse M. Furman, United States District Judge, identified five factors that are relevant to an assessment of the fairness of an FLSA settlement:
In determining whether [a] proposed [FLSA] settlement is fair and reasonable, a court should consider the totality of circumstances, including but not limited to the following factors: (1) the plaintiff's range of possible recovery; (2) the extent to which the settlement will enable the parties to avoid anticipated burdens and expenses in establishing their respective claims and defenses; (3) the seriousness of the litigation risks faced by the parties; (4) whether the settlement agreement is the product of arm's-length bargaining between experienced counsel; and (5) the possibility of fraud or collusion.
(Inner quotations and citations omitted) The settlement here satisfies these criteria.
The estimates of plaintiff's unpaid overtime damages range from $9,200.00 to $84,320.00. Thus, the settlement figure represents either a substantial multiple of plaintiff's unpaid overtime damages or a substantial fraction of those damages.
Second, the settlement will entirely avoid the burden, expense and aggravation of litigation. Plaintiff's case rests largely on plaintiff's oral testimony and the reasons for his termination. Trial preparation would require several depositions to explore these issues. The settlement avoids the necessity of conducting these depositions.
Third, the settlement will enable plaintiff to avoid the risk of litigation. The Consulate's sovereign immunity defense appears to present a substantial obstacle to any recovery by plaintiff. In Crum v. Kingdom of Saudi Arabia, No. Civ. A. 05-275, 2005 WL 3752271 (E.D. Va. July 13, 2005), a chauffeur employed by the Royal Embassy of Saudi Arabia alleged that he had been terminated illegally and was the victim of discrimination on the basis of his national origin. The Court granted defendants' motion for judgment on the pleadings and dismissed the action, finding that the hiring of a chauffeur was not commercial activity within the meaning of the FSIA and that defendants were, therefore, entitled to sovereign immunity. Although there are other authorities suggesting the opposite result on different facts, see El-Hadad v. United Arab Emirates, 496 F.3d 658, 664 n.2 (D.C. Cir. 2008), the similarity between the facts here and the facts in Crum demonstrate that defendant's sovereign immunity defense is substantial.
Fourth, because I presided over the settlement conference at which the parties came close to the $65,000 settlement figure, I know that the settlement is the product of arm's-length bargaining between experienced counsel. Both counsel represented their clients zealously at the settlement conference.
Fifth, there are no factors here that suggest the existence of fraud. The settlement was reached after a mediation before the Court and the settlement figure is not far off from the numbers discussed at that mediation. These facts further negate the possibility of fraud or collusion.
The settlement agreement also provides that, after deduction of out-of pocket costs, one-third of the settlement fund will be paid to plaintiff's counsel as a contingency fee. Contingency fees of one-third in FLSA cases are routinely approved in this Circuit. Santos v. EL Tepeyac Butcher Shop Inc., 15 Civ. 814 (RA), 2015 WL 9077172 at *3 (S.D.N.Y. Dec. 15, 2015) (Abrams, D.J.) ("courts in this District have declined to award more than one third of the net settlement amount as attorney's fees except in extraordinary circumstances"); Rangel v. 639 Grand St. Meat & Produce Corp., No. 13-CV-3234 (LB), 2013 WL 5308277 at *1 (E.D.N.Y. Sept. 19, 2013) (approving attorneys' fees of one-third of FLSA settlement amount, plus costs, pursuant to plaintiff's retainer agreement, and noting that such a fee arrangement "is routinely approved by the courts in this Circuit"); Febus v. Guardian First Funding Group, LLC, 870 F.Supp.2d 337, 340-41 (S.D.N.Y. 2012) (Stein, D.J.) ("a fee that is one-third of the fund is typical" in FLSA cases); accord Calle v. Elite Specialty Coatings Plus, Inc., No. 13-CV-6126 (NGG)(VMS), 2014 WL 6621081, at *3 (E.D.N.Y. Nov. 21, 2014); Palacio V. E*TRADE Fin. Corp., 10 Civ. 4030 (LAP), 2012 WL 2384419 at *6 (S.D.N.Y. June 22, 2012) (Freeman, D.J.).
Accordingly, for all the foregoing reasons, I approve the settlement in this matter. In light of the settlement, the action is dismissed with prejudice and without costs. The Clerk of the Court is requested to mark this matter closed.
SO ORDERED.







Comment



Your Name



Your Email



Comments

1000 Characters Remaining




Leagle.com reserves the right to edit or remove comments but is under no obligation to do so, or to explain individual moderation decisions. 

User Comments









Reply | Flag as Offensive









Listed below are the cases that are cited in this Featured Case. Click the citation to see the full text of the cited case. Citations are also linked in the body of the Featured Case. 
Cited Cases 

No Cases Found





Listed below are those cases in which this Featured Case is cited. Click on the case name to see the full text of the citing case.
Citing Cases 












 







Copyright © 2017, Leagle, Inc.



Disclaimer
 Terms of Use
Privacy Statement
About Us
Contact Us
































Settlement Products Wikia | FANDOM powered by Wikia





















































FANDOM






  


	Games

	Movies

	TV


Wikis
 



	Explore Wikis


	Community Central


	FANDOM University







 


 

 





 My Account
 




		Sign In	

 
		Don't have an account?	

		Register	






Start a Wiki
 




























Advertisement














Settlement Products Wikia


24
Pages



 Add new page











Home


 




 View source



 




							History						



							Talk (0)						






 Share

















     
N.B. If you don't see the table of contents, click on "show" in the contents box



Welcome!
Note: This site uses a program similar to that of Wikipedia. You can jump to any section in the table of contents, or to the table of common settlement products, by clicking on the appropriate line.
Clicking on any word or line in blue opens a page with additional information.
לעברית

What is Wiki Settlement Products?
Wiki Settlement Products is a project by the Gush Shalom Movement (Israeli Peace Bloc). Its goal is to organize and make available to the public, in the most systematic and up to date manner possible, information about the factories and businesses that operate in settlements beyond the Green Line (pre-1967 border) and the products that they produce.
In 1996-97, not long after the establishment of Gush Shalom, we publicized information about settlement products, based on data gathered by our activists. In the intervening years that information, for which we did not claim any copyright, was widely disseminated – not only in the print and online versions that we publicized ourselves, but also by many other individuals and organizations. The information was copied and disseminated by various groups in the broad Israeli peace movement and abroad, and it was even read from the Knesset podium by Knesset Member Tamar Zandberg of Meretz.

http://israblog.nana10.co.il/blogread.asp?blog=283767&blogcode=12617348
http://mekomit.co.il

Moreover – on several occasions the settlers themselves, and their allies, when calling upon their supporters to use settlement products, also used the information that was publicized by Gush Shalom - verbatim, including several typos…

 http://www.kr8.co.il/BRPortal/br/P102.jsp?arc=52441

Constructing the Project
Over the years, many changes have taken place in the economic, political and legal situation in general and in particular in the composition of the factories and businesses active in the settlements. A considerable number of businesses that were located in the settlements in the 1990's have since moved to within the Green Line, or have ceased to exist. Some of these cases earned extensive media publicity. Many other cases were not as famous. In recent months our activists undertook a systematic examination.
It should be stressed that all of the information that appears here was gathered by means of the voluntary activity of activists from Gush Shalom, an NGO with limited resources and funds and which (attn. Justice Minister Shaked) receives no government support – neither from the government of Israel nor from any foreign government.
We used the Wikipedia software which is freely available online to anyone wanting to open their own Wiki on any subject and in any field they wish. We are grateful to Wikipedia for providing us with this opportunity. Clicking on any word that appears in blue leads to a webpage with additional information.

http://www.pcmag.com/article2/0,2817,2399582,00.asp
http://www.wikia.com/Special:CreateNewWiki

It should be mentioned that this is an ongoing project, as the Settlement Products Team continues its activity. On this page you can view information about common settlement products and links to more extensive information about factories and businesses in settlements, divided into subjects as well as according to areas of economic operations. Also available is other relevant information, such as companies that are located within the Green Line but are active in marketing settlement products.

Sources and Methods of Gathering Information on Settlement Products
To the material that was publicized by Gush Shalom in 1996-97 and which was updated from time to time since then, data was periodically added as it was provided to us by members and supporters who discovered settlement products in the course of their daily lives (we are deeply grateful to everyone who has helped us in collecting this information).
In the framework of Settlement Products Wiki we present below links to information that was gathered about factories that have left their locations in settlements and moved to within the Green Line, businesses that have gone out of business, and those whose continued existence and location remain in doubt. We thank everyone who has helped us with these issues.
In the course of our work we found material that was previously gathered and publicized by other peace groups, especially the "Who Profits From the Occupation?" project. We are also grateful to Peace Now for the information that Modan Bags has closed down its plant in the settlement of Shaked.

 http://www.whoprofits.org/
 http://peacenow.org.il/content/modan

In the course of gathering the data it was found that much, varied information is publicized online by the settlers themselves. Not only do businesses and factories maintain their own websites, there are two online directories that specifically cover factories and businesses in the settlements – "Dapei Katom" (Orange Pages) and "The Business Community of Samaria, Ariel, Jordan Valley, Binyamin". The editing and presentation of these directories have a clear and prominent ideological slant. At the same time, we saw fit to refer to them frequently in the course of our work and to cross-reference the listings concerning different factories and businesses. Generally speaking we consider the listings of a business in those directories to be a reliable testimony to its existence and to its being active in a settlement. And vice versa – when a business which is known to have been located at a certain settlement no longer appears in the current directories that are publicized by the settlers, that constitutes evidence that the business has relocated or has ceased to exist.

http://www.shopil.co.il/
http://www.dkatom.co.il/

In addition to the above, industrial zones in the settlements publicize detailed lists of the factories located within them. The Barkan industrial zone specifically publicizes a detailed and user-friendly list of the factories located there, including their area of business, contact people and telephone numbers.

http://www.shomron.org.il/_Uploads/dbsAttachedFiles/mifalim(1).pdf

However, it was found that such lists are not necessarily fully updated. Several phone numbers that appear on the Barkan Industrial Zone's website yield the automatic message "the number you have reached has been disconnected". The telephone number of the Bar Chairs/United Systems furniture company is answered with a recording that announces that the company "has moved to it's new location in Tel-Aviv".
Finally, we must mention the immense benefit that our team reaped from Dunsguide, "Dun and Bradstreet"'s online directory of companies as well as from judicial portal Takdin which comprises an extensive collection of court rulings in civil proceedings, including those in which settlement companies are involved. More than once, details were found in these two resources that the companies themselves chose not to reveal in their websites and in the information that they provide to the media.

http://www.dundb.co.il/prod9.asp
http://www.takdin.co.il/

How to send us questions, corrections and additional information
The purpose of this project is not to harm anyone, but rather to provide the public with accurate as possible information. The information that appears in this project was collected by volunteers and although we made immense efforts to avoid mistakes, it is possible that the project is not devoid of such. In the event that any mistakes are found in the information, they were done inadvertently and with no malicious intent.
Anyone wishing to correct mistakes, add details and/or share new information can do so by emailing us at the address below. In the event that new information is found to be reliable, we undertake to correct any mistake and to add relevant information, so that each and every user can make independent and informed decisions.
We can be contacted by email at the address:

settlement.products@gmail.com

Findings
Findings: Misleading and Concealing the Location of Factories
Many factories and businesses that are located in settlements try to conceal or obscure their location – especially companies that export to other countries or maintain other international relations. The information on the companies' websites, their advertisements in newspapers and on the packaging of their products, is often incomplete or misleading. Many companies provide two addresses, one in a settlement and one within the Green Line, in a manner that makes it very difficult to ascertain their actual location.
Click here for the compilation of the findings:

Businesses that Provide Dual Addresses - In Settlements and Within the Green Line

Settlement Businesses that Conceal Their Location - in Advertisements, on Websites, and/or on Packaging

Following are several examples:
The Frid blanket manufacturing company is located in the Barkan Industrial Zone. The company publicizes a list of shops all over Israel where its products are sold, yet without mentioning the location of the factory where the blankets are made. The same tactic is used by the furniture chain store Beitili, by Keter Plastic and by additional companies.
The Meshek Zuriel dairy markets products that come in part from the settlement Shadmot Mehola in the Jordan Valley, and part come from plants in the Galilee and the Negev. In many cases there is no transparency and no mention of the source of the product on the package.
Another method of misleading is concealing the source of the product under a "manufacturer's code". For example, General Mills Ltd., the Israeli branch of a large US manufacturer of baked goods, manufactures the brand Pillsbury. The package of the product "Pillsbury Brownies – Chocolate Flavored Balls" reads: "Produced for General Mills Ltd., Ramle, by manufacturer's code SLGL."
A website operated by the Ministry of the Economy enables deciphering manufacturer's codes of this type, leading to the discovery that in the case at hand the product comes from the Shalgal Food Ltd. Factory, located in the Atarot Industrial Zone, in an area that was annexed to Jerusalem (in fact, it is much closer to Ramallah than to the center of Jerusalem, and is the site of numerous conflicts between the Israeli military and the Palestinian residents). Even though the code can be deciphered, it is obvious that there is a huge discrepancy between the information provided in this manner on a product label and the fundamental commitment of a commercial company to provide the consumer with reliable and transparent information on the products that it markets.

 http://israelnewtech.gov.il/findManufacturerCode/Pages/default.aspx

In the case of foods, we often used the location of the rabbinate that issued the kosher certificate for products – information which the companies must provide on the package if they want to reach consumers who observe kashrut. We adopted the reasonable surmise, that the rabbinate that issues the certificate for a product is the rabbinate in the location or the area where the product was manufactured (except in cases of ultra-Orthodox kashrut, in which case the certificates are nation-wide). A kashrut certificate that was issued by the rabbinates in West Bank locations such as Ariel, Hebron, the Samaria Region Rabbinate, the Jordan Valley Rabbinate, etc., is reliable evidence that the products come from settlements at these locations. Thus, for example, a container of hummus produced by Achva may provide an address in Nes Tsiona, but the kashrut certificate from the Ariel Rabbinate testifies to the location of the factory where the hummus was manufactured.

     
The most blatant deception that our team found has to do with dates – especially Medjool dates, which are a major economic branch in the Jordan Valley settlements and a large portion of which are designated for export. For example, the Jordan River company markets dates from the Jordan Valley in carton boxes on which there is no printing in Hebrew nor any mention of the origin of the dates. The writing on the boxes of dates is in English, sometimes in other European languages (German, French, Spanish, Italian) and sometimes also in Arabic. Some of the Jordan River boxes bear "Orientalist" illustrations of camel-riders against the background of an exotic city with mosque minarets, which might create the impression for a superficial observer that they are an Arab product. However, when marketed in Israel, a Hebrew-language sticker is added to the packages that notes the origin of the dates as the Jordan Valley, the name of the packaging plant (Gilgal, Tomer, etc.) and the rabbinate that certified kashrut – the Jordan Valley Rabbinate.
Click here for more information about dates:

Supplementary Table: Dates

As opposed to the examples above, we should note the transparency policy of the Sasson Levinsky company, which markets assorted dried fruits, some of which are produced at its plant in Kiryat Gat and some at the packaging plant in the settlement Gilgal in the Jordan Valley. In this case the origin of the fruit is clearly noted on each and every package, in a manner that allows – at least a knowledgeable consumer who checks labels – ascertaining the source of the product before purchasing.

 Findings: Companies that have left the settlements or have closed 
In recent years there have been several prominent examples of companies that were located in the settlements (especially in the Barkan industrial zone) and relocated to within the Green Line, often in connection with forming international relations and specifically the purchase of the company by an international company. These examples include the Barkan Winery, which moved from the industrial zone from which it takes its name, to Kibbutz Hulda; Yardeni Locks, which moved from Barkan to the Bar Lev Industrial Park in the Galilee; Multilock,which moved from Barkan to Yavne; Bagel & Bagel, which moved from Barkan to Safed; and recently Soda Stream, which relocated from Mishor Adumim to the Negev, following an unsuccessful attempt at a PR campaign starring Scarlett Johansson. Soon afterwards the cosmetics firm Ahava announced that it was relocating from the Mitspe Shalem settlement to Kibbutz Ein Gedi, within the Green Line.
Other cases which were less prominent in the media included Intercosma Cosmetics (Atarot industrial zone to Ashdod); children's furniture company Ikoo Designs (Barkan to Ashdod and Nesher); MBT Biological Laboratories that is owned by the pharmaceutical giant Teva, which quietly relocated from the Atarot industrial zone to Beit Shemesh; and the Delta textile company, which moved its warehouses from the Atarot industrial zone to Cesaria. As mentioned above, these companies are joined by the furniture company Bar Chairs/United Systems, which still appears in the Barkan industrial zone directory, but has set up an automatic message notifying of its relocation to Tel-Aviv.
See here for the full list:

Factories/Businesses that have left the settlements

Another prominent case that has not yet been covered in the media is that of the Adanim Tea company, which was established and operated in its first years in the settlement Ofra, the "flagship" of the national-religious ideological settlements. According to the information that the team was able to gather, around 2002 the company moved from Ofra to Bethelehem-in-the-Galilee, then from there to Upper Nazareth, That was the time of the second intifada, and at that time the company was starting to develop widespread activity in Europe, especially in France and Germany.
Information that we found online testifies to the long history of shoe polish company Mavrik Industries, which was founded in the 1930's in Tel-Aviv, became the largest factory of its type in Israel and in the entire Middle East and engulfed 28 competing factories. The company moved to the Mishor Adumim settlement industrial zone – which turned out to be an unlucky business choice that ended in its folding during the second intifada. Similarly, Atlas Sweets, which was one of the leading manufacturers of chewing gum in Israel since the 1970's, relocated to the Atarot industrial zone in East Jerusalem and there faced serious business difficulties when the second intifada broke out. The company ultimately folded and its equipment and brand were purchased by the Mastix company from Beit Shemesh. Documents from the Companies' Registrar and court rulings tell the story of Abir Textile Industries, Abir Thread Industries, Sabrilon Thread Technology and Hadoron Textile Marketing, which were located in the Barkan industrial zone, became intertwined, conducted intricate power struggles and ultimately nearly all of them went bankrupt and entered into receivership. We can mention information that was uncovered about additional settlement companies that faced bankruptcy, receivership and closure – including Ariye Plast from the Ma'aleh Efraim industrial zone, Mey Tsurim from Rosh Tsurim in Gush Etzion, the Hebron Settlers' Carpentry, and several others.
For details click here:

Settlement Businesses that have Folded or Disappeared

 Findings: "Hebrew Labor" and Palestinian Workers 
Since 1967 the State of Israel has maintained control over the Palestinian economy. The policies concerning economic development, taxation, customs, import and export – are all controlled by the Israeli government according to the economic interests of Israel in general and of Israeli companies in particular, without the Palestinians having any way to exert influence. Even the Gaza Strip, from which the State of Israel "separated", is still included within the "Customs Envelope" and constitutes a captive market. Israeli companies reap significant profits from exporting to the Gaza Strip. Part of the economic dependence which Israel has enforced on the Palestinians is the situation in which many Palestinian workers must seek work in the settlement industrial zones, where they serve as a pool of cheap labor (even if the salaries are sometimes higher than those paid by Palestinian employers).
In recent years the settlers have been portraying themselves as the patrons of the Palestinian workers. Spokespersons for the settlers in the political arena routinely bemoan the fate of the Palestinian workers in the settlements, who might lose their jobs as the result of steps such as marking settlement products in Europe. However, perusing the Orange Pages directory, which is published by the settlers for the purpose of their own internal communications, reveals a picture that is quite opposite.

http://www.dkatom.co.il/

Many businesses that operate in the settlements prominently proclaim their policy of not employing Palestinian workers. This is done by means of employing the term "Hebrew labor", and sometimes in a more blatant manner, such as "the work is performed by Jewish workers only". Among the expressions used by settler businesses to describe themselves our team found "Hebrew labor!!!" (exclamation points in the original), "Hebrew labor from A to Z", "Produced by high quality Hebrew labor", "Do you require Hebrew labor? You've come to the right place!", "Reliability, dedication, good service and Hebrew labor", "Gracious service, Hebrew labor from the heart", and also paradoxical statements, such as "Hebrew labor, French speaking". It is obvious that among the target audience of this directory, a business that employs only Jews and has a policy of excluding Arabs is attractive to potential clients.
In the framework of the consumer information here we saw fit to gather in a special table the settlement businesses that advertise and take pride in "Hebrew labor".

Settlement Business Declaring 'Jews Only' Employment Policy

Definitions and the Political and Legal Background
What is a Settlement? Who is a Settler? Who is listed here and why?
Since 1967 the terms "settler" and"settlement" have become prevalent in the public and political discourse in Israel. However, there is disagreement concerning the exact meaning of those terms. Often, the word "settlers" is used to describe people who hold a religious, radically nationalist outlook, bordering on messianic, who consider settling in "Judea and Samaria" to be a religious and national mission of the first order, the realization of a divine promise, and who set themselves apart by means of characteristic dress and lifestyle, which are very different from the norm in Israeli society in general.
As far as we are concerned, settlements of this type are merely one type of the settlements that were established in the Occupied Territories since 1967. Our definition, on the basis of which we decided which factories and businesses would be included in this project, is: a settlement is any civilian community that is designated for the residence of Israeli citizens in the territories that were occupied by the IDF in June 1967 and which the State of Israel continues to hold to the present day. A settler is any person residing in such a settlement. And especially relevant for the information that appears here – an industrial zone that is designated for Israeli entrepreneurs and business people and which was established in the occupied territories is a settlement industrial zone.
We do not ignore the fact that the settlers are not a homogeneous public. There are secular settlers, pretty ordinary Israelis, who were drawn to locations such as Ma'aleh Adumim or Ariel mainly because of the generously government-subsidized housing there; orthodox settlers in places like Beitar Elite and Modi'in Elite, who would have just as easily moved to orthodox towns within the Green Line, if any were built; and "Labor Movement settlers" in the Jordan Valley and the Golan Heights, who live in kibbutzim and moshavim. There are secular settlers and religious settlers, ideological settlers and non-ideological settlers, violent settlers who personally use force against their Palestinian neighbors and non-violent settlers who leave it to the IDF soldiers to employ force in order to maintain settlements in occupied territory.
However, all of the settlers – regardless of their personal motivation – are complicit in the settlement enterprise by the fact of their living there. The settlement enterprise's fundamental and proclaimed goal is to create "facts on the ground", to perpetuate Israel's rule over the territories that were occupied in 1967 and to prevent the Palestinian residents in those territories from establishing an independent state and living as a free nation in their land – without there being any intention of ever granting them Israeli citizenship, or the right to vote for the parliament and government that control their lives. Thus, all of the settlers, by the fact of their residing in settlements, are complicit in violating international law which prohibits an occupying power from settling its citizens in the occupied territory. All of the settlers are complicit in establishing and maintaining an obstruction that prevents Israel and its citizens from achieving peace with our Palestinian neighbors and with the Arab states. All of the settlers – whatever their personal motivation – are complicit in the continued deterioration of Israel towards the future of an apartheid state, a state that is quagmired in endless wars and bloodshed, and which is denounced and treated as a pariah around the globe.
Sometimes we are asked, "Why do you hate the settlers?" The answer is unequivocal: we do not hate the settlers. The settlers are human beings just like us and Israeli citizens just like us. They love their families no less that we do ours. Like most human beings, the settlers are fully and honestly convinced that their actions and lifestyle are right and just. We do not hate the settlers. We do consider them to be people who are performing an extremely significant political act by residing in occupied territory. In our view, that action is extremely damaging and dangerous to the future of all of us (and especially to the future of the settlers themselves!). If the settlers cease and desist from this political act, then from that moment on we will have no reason to argue with or confront them.
The lists here also include businesses that are physically located within the Green Line, yet which contribute significantly to the settlement activity. For example, the Shufersal supermarket chain, which is a nationwide chain, yet under its brand Green, it markets numerous products that originate in settlements, or the Meiron & Salman Law Office, which is located in Tel-Aviv but which describes itself thus: "Our office specializes in real estate, especially in the Judea and Samaria district. Our office has vast experience in handling issues vis a vis the authorities that regulate assets in Judea and Samaria, including the Civil Administration."

"The Boycott Law"
In 2011 an event shook the political and legal systems in Israel. Late at night and following an explosive debate, the Knesset passed the law known as the Boycott Law, which prohibits Israeli citizens from calling for a boycott of settlement products. Only a boycott of settlement products was prohibited, not calling for any other type of boycott.
Israeli citizens who are religious Jews are permitted to call for a boycott of non-kosher restaurants (the Chief Rabbinate of Israel and the municipal rabbinates do this all the time, on a large scale and with public funding). Social justice movements can call for boycotting products that are exorbitantly priced (as they did in the course of the social protest in 2011). Vegetarians can call for boycotting animal products. Even the extreme right wing is allowed to call for a boycott against the Arab citizens. A settler organization called The Samaria Settlers' Committee recently did just that, including publicizing a detailed list of the names and addresses of Arab-owned shops which the organization called to boycott – without the law enforcement authorities in Israel considering taking any action against them.

http://www.haaretz.co.il/blogs/misgav/.premium-1.2827062

http://www.ynet.co.il/articles/0,7340,L-4710133,00.html

As opposed to all the types of boycotts that are legal, calling for a boycott of settlement products, and only that specific call, became the grounds for being sued for damages under Israeli law.
Gush Shalom considers this legal and public reality as being unfair and a grave blow to the freedom of expression of Israeli citizens. Together with many other movements and institutions we participated in protest demonstrations in the streets before and after the law was passed, and also in petitioning the High Court of Justice to support our campaign. Unfortunately, the judges of the High Court of Justice dashed our hopes and following deliberations that lasted several years, they rejected all of the petitions against the the Boycott Law.

http://zope.gush-shalom.org/home/he/events/1429200763
https://www.facebook.com/GushShalom.Heb/posts/461237847250919
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3NITH0QlgXA
http://www.haaretz.co.il/news/law/.premium-1.2615120

Considering this legal situation, Gush Shalom clarifies, for the avoidance of all doubt, that the action of gathering information about factories and businesses in settlements and publicizing same through the Settlement Products Wiki is by no means an intention to call for the boycotting of settlement products. The purpose of gathering and publicizing the information is to provide the most reliable and accurate consumer information that we were able to gather, in order to enable consumers – each and every one individually – to make wise and informed decisions according to their personal considerations.
As things stand in Israel in March 2016, there is no legislative or legal restriction on gathering and publicizing consumer information. The source of the products that are offered for sale on shelves is essential and relevant consumer information – no less than their chemical and nutritional contents, the working conditions of the workers who produced them, the effect of their production on the environment or on animals, and other factors that are currently considered to be material consumer considerations. Therefore, the Gush Shalom Movement takes full responsibility for the gathering and publication of the data that appears in Settlement Products Wiki, as a voluntary action for the public benefit.

Table of Common Settlement Products
Notes:
As far as we know, there is no connection between the Tvu'ot Bar company that appears in this list and is located in the Barkan Industrial Zone in the West Bank, and the Tvu'ot company, which is located in Kibbutz Ma'aleh Ha'chamisha, within the Green Line.
2) "Samaria Dairies" (Machlevot Ha'shomron) that manufacture Ha'shomron Cheeses, is not a settlement business and it is located in Binyamina, within the Green Line. The word "Samaria" (Shomron) in the name of the business does not refer to "Judea and Samaria" as this term has been used since 1967, rather to an earlier use, whereby Samaria was the term for the area of Emek Hefer, Hedera and Binyamina.
Note to English Version: These tables have been translated from the original Hebrew lists, which are organized alphabetically. The English version has retained the original order of the names in Hebrew.



Company  ProductsLocation Notes (1)  Notes (2)


 Adumim Chemicals/Castigan  Cleaning products, baking products,
additives and stabilizers for foods

 Mishor Adumim industrial zone Click for notes-Adumim Chemicals


Avgol(Subsidiary of Gazit-Globe) Hygiene Products Barkan Industrial Zone


Oppenheimer   Sweets  Atarot Industrial Zone  


Achva/Achdut   Tehina, halva, sweets Ariel/Barkan Industrial Zone
Extensive marketing abroad. On some packages address listed as Tel-Aviv or Nes Tsiona

 Click for notes - Achva/Achdut


XMarket   Mattresses, beds  Barkan Industrial Zone  


A.L. 5 Stars/AL Five Stars   Sweets, baked goods  Barkan Industrial Zone  


 E.M.B. Yarden Agricultural Farm Ltd.   Cosmetics, Yarden soap  Elazar Industrial Zone  Has address also in Beit Dagan 


Amgazit   Gas canisters, picnic and camping stoves  Kfar Etzion  Lists address as Harel Industrial Zone which is inside Israel 



Antikovich Investments/
Antikovich Bakery

 Cakes and cookies  Barkan Industrial Zone  


Anise Kitchens/YD Wood Industry  Kitchens  Mishor Adumim Industrial Zone  


AS Cohen Marketing   Asli brand onion and grill-flavored snacks   also cleaning products, bleach, dishwashing soap 


Aroma Na'ama   Spices, herbs  Na'ama, Jordan Valley  



Better and Different/"Eretz Yisrael Fruit ("Land of Israel Fruit")

 Vegan foods Mishor Adumim Industrial Zone Also lists addresses in Migdal Ha'emek and Jerusalem 



Beytsei Kfar-Farm Eggs/Quality Food Industry

 Eggs  Barkan Industrial Zone  


Beitili/Carmel Group Holdings (I.L.) Ltd.   Furnuture chain store, carpets and home furnishings  Barkan Industrial Zone  Owned by Carmel Holdings (I.L.) Ltd. Click for notes - Beitili


Hashomron ("Samaria") Meat Ltd.-Glasner   Meat wholesellers  Karney Shomron  Also operates in the Sharon area, in addition to the settlements 


Hashomron ("Samaria") Meat and Karnei Shomron Ltd.   Meat  Elon Moreh  


Jump Fashion Ltd.   Women's clothing  Barkan Industrial Zone  


Giv'ot Olam/GO   Organic freerange eggs/goat cheese products/yogurt/grapes for wine  Itamar/ Giv'ot Olam outpost  Eggs marketed by Shufersal/Teva Kastel/Liv ("Live More in Nature")/Harduf/Adama Owner Avri Ran has violently attacked Palestinians and Israeli peace activists


Good Food   Preserved meat  Ma'aleh Efraim  


Gariney Ha'bayit   Nuts and seeds  Mishor Adumim Industrial Zone  


  Pure Natural Honey("Dvash Tahor Tiv'i") Honey Avigail 


Adumim Fish ("Dagei Adumim") Manufacturing and Processing Foods Ma'aleh Adumim


Holy Cacao Artisan chocolate Pnei Hever 


Zehavei Hakerem/Yemenite Delicacies Spices and Salads, Yemenite cuisine Barkan Industrial Zone Click for notes - Zehavei Hakerem/Ma'adanei Teyman


Zorganika Medjool Dates Organic dates Hamra 


Barkan Mounts("Zro'ot Barkan") TV mounts Barkan Industrial Zone 


Zriha Hlavin Industries   Plastic Barkan Industrial Zone The Zriha Hlavin Group includes six other firmsClick for notes - Zriha Hlavin Industries


Hagolan Spice Farm Spices and medicinal herbs Avinoam 


Tofu Taim Ltd. Whole foods Alfey Menashe 


Ta'aman Canned food, foods with special "Mehuderet" kosher certificate Mishor Adumim Industrial Zone Brands include Zaza, Chupi, Palfi


Yevuley Eretz Bereshit ("Genesis") Dates Dates Ma'aleh Efraim Yevuley Eretz Bereshit is owned by N.S.Water and Maintenance Services


Yahalom Cleaning Products Industries Ltd. Cleaning products Karney Shomron Industrial Zone Location is not listed on product labels


Yikvei Ha'cormim Wine Mishor Adumim Industrial Zone 


Yikvei Ramat Ha'golan
("Golan Heights Winery")

 Wine Katzrin Industrial Zone 


Kerem Natural Food Products Manufactures and imports health foods Barkan industrial zone At least some labels on products give address in Beit Shemesh Company website notes Barkan industrial zone as their location


Keter Plastic Household and garden products, plastic furniture Barkan Industrial Zone Website obscures the location of the factoryClick for notes - Keter Plastic


Ramat Ha'golan Dairies("Golan Heights Dairies") Milk and milk products, esp. UHT milk, UHT chocolate milk and UHT cream Katzrin Industrial Zone Products also marketed as the brands Tnuva, Tara, Yotveta


Molitan Industries (2010) Ltd. Sewing threads, dye works Barkan Industrial Zone On the internet, Molitan gives addresses in Nahariya and Migdal Ha'emekClick for notes - Molitan Industries


Mey Eden/Ma'ayanot Eden Mineral Water Katzrin Industrial Zone 


Mia Spice of Life/Mia Food Industries/Mia Foods/T.M. Ltd./Selected Spices, legumes, sweets Mishor Adumim Industrial Zone Click for notes - Mia Spice of Life


Neguhot Apiary/Nego Honey Healthy honey Neguhot 


Melah Ha'aretz/Israel Salt Co. Salt Kibbutz Kalia Has additional plant in AtlitBrands: Oz Salt, Ha'aretz Salt


Ma'adanei Ha'boreh Foods Shilo 


Ma'adanei Sharp Sausages Elon Moreh Industrial Zone 


Ha'bira Chicken Salughterhouse Chicken Mishor Adumim Industrial Zone 


Jerusalem Chicken Slaughterhouse Chicken Atarot Industrial Zone 


Meshek Zuriel Cow and goat milk, soy milk, goat milk yogurt, cheese, tofu Shedamot Mehola Labels do not disclose originClick for notes - Meshek Zuriel


Nahar Hayarden("Jordan River") Medjool dates Settlements in the Jordan Valley 


Nicol/Bianca Scrub pads, sponges, dishwashing pads Barkan Industrial Zone 


Sun City Solar Systems Solar systems Elon Moreh 


Sachut Tari/Eco Alpha Natural juices Barkan Industrial Zone 


Shamir Salads Salads, including the brand "Tari-Tari" Barkan Industrial Zone Conceals its location on its websiteClick for notes - Shamir Salads


Abadi Cookies/Abadi Middle Eastern Cookies Savory baked goods Atarot Industrial Zone Products sold in ten countriesClick for notes - Abadi Cookies


Ofertex cleaning cloths Barkan Industrial Zone 


Etz Ha'sadeh Buckwheat flour Yitzhar Labels note: "Produced by Hebrew Labor"


Herbs of Kedem/Les Herbes Kedem Organic products - cosmetics, skin care, health products Carmel-South Hebron Mt. Carmel settlers participate in harassment of marginalized Palestinian communitiesClick for notes - Herbs of Kedem


Pomerantz Juices Ltd. Soft drinks Mevo Horon/Giv'at Ze'ev 


Fun Bak Nut spread, black tehina Barkan Industrial Zone 


Tekoa Mushrooms/Tekoa Mushroom Farm Growing, importing, packaging and marketing fruit and vegetables Tekoa Including fresh and dries edible mushrooms, endive, fresh ginger, shallotsHas nearly absolute control of marketing ginger in Israel


Pillsbury/Shalgal/General Mills Baked goods Atarot Industrial Zone Pillsbury is a worldwide brand owned by the USA General Mills Corp.Click for notes - Pillsbury


Fibertech Fiberglass pipes Karney Shomron Industrial Zone Click for notes - Fibertech


Hativ snacks 2015 Ltd. Dried sweetened pineapple The company is located in Petach Tikva; the fruit comes from the Bekaot packaging plant 


Plasto-Polish/Zebra Japanese scouring pads Scouring pads Barkan Industrial Zone Marketed as the Shufersal brand


Palphot Paper goods and pop products Karney Shomron School supplies, tourist guide books, cards, souvenirs


Frid Quilts, pillows, linen Ariel Industrial Zone The company's website lists its address as Petach TikvaClick for notes - Fried


Top Parquet Carpets and parquet Ma'aleh Shomron Click for notes - Top Parquet


Cookiedo Cakes and cookies Beit Ariye/Ofarim Distributes also in Petach Tikva and Bikat Ono


Klil Industries Aluminum Barkan Industrial Zone 


Kravitz Office supplies, office furniture Nilli Electronics, computer supplies, craft supplies, giftsClick for notes - Kravitz


Eynavis Chocolate Chocolate and pralines Barkan 


Carmel Carpets/Carmel Floor Design/Carmel Carpets and Parquet Carpets Barkan Industrial Zone Part of Carmel HoldingsClick for Notes - Carmel Carpets


Motola Conserves Ltd. Pickles Emmanuel Industrial Zone 


Eretz Gshur Olive Oil Olive Oil Gshur Won international prize for olive oil TerraOlivio in 2010 Click for notes - Eretz Gshur


Sasson & Co/Sasson Levinsky Nuts and dried fruit Located in Kiryat Gat, markets products from Gilgal in the Jordan Valley The company discloses the origin of its productsClick for notes - Sasson & Co/Sasson Levinsky


Tvuot Bar Food 1997/Ha'aretz Bakery/Bar Mazon Produce 1997 Cakes, cookies, gluten-free baked goods, peanuts, coconut Barkan Industrial Zone Products marketed in Europe and the USA, location not noted on company's websiteClick for notes - Tvuot Bar Food 1997/Ha'aretz Bakery


Bar Spices Packaging and marketing spices Barkan Industrial Zone 


Jordan River Herbs/Ha'arava Growers for Export Spices Mehola Partial shareholder in Ha'arava Growers for ExportProducts sold in Holland, Britain and the USA

Settlement Businesses, Institutions and Products - Sorted by Theme
Factories/Businesses that have left the settlements
Settlement Businesses that have Folded or Disappeared
Businesses that Provide Dual Addresses - In Settlements and Within the Green Line
Settlement Businesses that Conceal Their Location - in Advertisements, on Websites, and/or on Packaging
Israeli Business Groups and Corporations With One or More Members in Settlements
Companies Not in Settlements, that Market Settlement Products or Use Settlement Raw Materials
Settlement Businesses that Export or Maintain International Relations
Settlement Business Declaring 'Jews Only' Employment Policy
Settlement Businesses, Institutions and Products - Sorted by Field of Activity
Food and Drinks
Supplementary Table: Wineries
Supplementary Table: Dates
Household Products, Cosmetics
Furniture, Carpentry
Textile, Linen, Shoes, Carpets
Industry, General
Minor Industry, Workshops, Factory Outlets, Services
Architecture, Construction, Real Estate
Vehicles, Moving, Transport, Supply
Printing, Computers, Video, Graphic Design, Electronics
Gardening and Plant Nurseries
Arts, Crafts, Books, Theater, Cinema, Religion
Lawyers
Miscellaneous



Retrieved from "http://settlement-products.wikia.com/wiki/Settlement_Products_Wikia?oldid=392"



Ad blocker interference detected!

Wikia is a free-to-use site that makes money from advertising. We have a modified experience for viewers using ad blockers							
							Wikia is not accessible if you’ve made further modifications. Remove the custom ad blocker rule(s) and the page will load as expected.						




 

































Transformers



Summer Sci-Fi



Morrowind Top 5















































Jet.com - Prices Drop As You ShopSkip to navigationSkip to cartSkip to footerMy FavesPromotionsEasy ReorderWhy Shop Jet?Track Your OrderFree shipping on your first order!Free Shipping Over $35 & Free Returns DetailsFree shipping on your first order!Free Shipping Over $35 & Free Returns DetailsCATEGORIESRegister | Log InEnter Zip CodeAccountMy FavesEasy ReorderEasy ReorderMy ProfileOrder HistoryShipping AddressesPayment MethodsLog OutLog InRegisterEnter your zip codeMy FavesEasy ReorderMy ProfileMy FavesEasy ReorderOrder HistoryShipping AddressesPayment MethodsLog OutCat NavNeed help? We're available 24/7.1 (855) 538-4323|help@jet.com|FAQCompanyAbout UsCareersSell on JetJet AffiliatesJetCaresTech BlogDownloadSocialfacebooktwitterlinkedininstagramTips, Tricks, and Life HacksJet BlogGet the Offersemail iconSign up for our emailsFeedbackat sign iconSend us your feedbackCopyright © 2017 Jet.com, Inc. | Version: 3:960:1501108466388:Version: 3:960:1501108466388:Privacy NoticeTerms of Use


Insider Trading - Settlement T-2390-a - Form 4 SEC Filings












Home |
Archives |
Products |
About |
Contact |
FAQ |



New User?
Sign Up | 
Sign In









Form 4 Filings


Insider Buys


Significant Buys


Penny StocksInsider Buying


Insider Sales




Insider Buy Sell Ratios


Stock Options


Insider TradingStock Screener


Insider TradingGraph View


Insider Watch





Sec Filings Insider Trading - Settlement T-2390-a





Select Time period: 
1 Month
2 Months
3 Months
6 Months
1 Year
2 Years
3 Years
4 Years
All Data
 

     



google

   



yahoo!



Send this page to:  

Blog
  



Digg

  



Reddit

  



Facebook

  



Stumble

  



del.icio.us








Enter Stock Ticker Symbol or Cik:




Cik Lookup...






Search By Company or Insider Name:







"Insiders might sell their shares for any number of reasons, but they buy them for only one:
they think the price will rise"
- Peter Lynch ==>>

What is insider trading>>



Email a friend >>...







Historical filings delayed by 6 months. New user?
Sign Up for real time data.
Existing user?
Sign In

Stock options: Exercise, Award, Grant, Conversion



TransactionDate
ReportedDate
ExercisableExpiration
Company
Symnbol
InsiderRelationship
SharesTraded
ConversionPrice
SharesOwned
Filing




2016-12-22Other
2016-12-276:18 pm
N/AN/A
Hyatt Hotels Corp
H
Settlement T-2390-aOther
87,694
$0
0(Direct)
View









    © 2005-2017 SecForm4.Com All rights reserved.
    Archives:
    2017 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 ... 
    Fri, 28 Jul 2017 14:00:54 -0500
  

    SEC is the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. EDGAR is a trademark of the SEC.
    SecForm4.Com is not affiliated with or approved by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC).
Terms of Use |
    Privacy Statement |
  











Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Defective Products Settlements










HOME
HOT LEGAL ISSUES
LEGAL NEWS
POTENTIAL LAWSUITS
LAWSUITS FILED
SETTLEMENTS
STATE LAW
VIDEO
BLOG


















Advertisement

Home Page >> Settlements >> Defective Products



Settlements - Defective Products

Sort alphabetically



Jury Awards $25M to Plaintiffs in Nissan Defective Infiniti QX56 SUV Braking System Lawsuit (Jul-24-17)
$9.8M Awarded in Defective Wheelchair Injury Lawsuit (Jul-20-17)
$9M Settlement Proposed in TD Coin Machine Class Action Lawsuit (Jun-28-17)
Toyota, Subaru, Mazda and BMW Agree $553.6M Settlement in Takata Airbag MDL  (May-18-17)
$20M Verdict Awarded in Ethicon TVT Mesh Personal Injury Mass Torte (May-15-17)
$1.2B  Settlement Approved in VW 3 Liter Engine Emissions Lawsuit (May-12-17)
Woman Awarded $110M in J&J Talc Cancer Lawsuit (May-5-17)
$26.3M Preliminary Settlement Reached in WEN Hair Loss Class Action Lawsuit (May-3-17)
Canadian $2.1B VW Emissions Scandal Class Action Settlement Gets Final Approval (Apr-27-17)
Hyundai Stalling Santa Fe SUVs Settlement Gets Final Approval (Apr-4-17)
$12.5M Settlement Approved in Caldera Trans Vaginal Mesh Injury Litigation (Mar-7-17)
$9.3M Settlement Final in Rust-Oleum Defective Products MDL (Mar-6-17)
Takata Settles Defective Airbags MDL for $1B (Mar-1-17)
Kia Sorento Defective Automotive Class Action Settlement Reached (Feb-24-17)
$67M Settlement in BP Solar Panels Class Action Lawsuit (Jan-30-17)
$2.1B Settlement Reached in Canadian VW Defeat Device Class Action Lawsuit (Dec-26-16)
$50M Settlement Reached In Three  Ikea-related Toddler Deaths (Dec-21-16)
Watts Plumbing Settles Defective Products Class Actions for $14M (Dec-8-16)
J&J Ordered to Pay $1B in DePuy Pinnacle Hip Implant MDL (Dec-2-16)
Toyota Agrees $3.48B Settlement In Truck Frame Corrosion Class Action (Nov-14-16)
$240M Wright Hip Implant MDL Settlement Reached (Nov-10-16)
$70M Award Granted in J&J Talc Powder Cancer Lawsuit (Oct-28-16)
VW $14.2B Emissions Class Action Settlement Finalized (Oct-26-16)
Nissan Settles Transmission Class Action Lawsuits (Oct-12-16)
$1.6B Settlement Between VW and 652 Franchise Dealerships in Emissions MDL Receives Final Approval  (Oct-2-16)
Preliminary $26M Settlement Reached In WEN Hair Care Class Action Lawsuit (Aug-17-16)
$60M Settlement Reached in Caterpillar Defective Engine Class Action Lawsuit (Jul-14-16)
Volkswagen to Pay $14.7B to US Settle Emissions Allegations (Jun-28-16)
Whirlpool Moldy Washing Machine Class Actions Reach Settlement Deal (Jun-22-16)
$67M Settlement Reached in Tarceva False Claims Lawsuit (Jun-8-16)
Canadian Zimmer Durom Cup Hip Implant Class Action Settlements Reached (May-20-16)
$55M Settlement Awarded Against J&J in Second Talc-Cancer Lawsuit (May-3-16)
$502M Settlement Awarded in Ultamet Hip Implant Lawsuits (Apr-7-16)
$250M Settlement Reached in Fresenius Granuflo and Naturalyte Lawsuits (Mar-22-16)
$8M Settlement Awarded in Mattress Pad Suffocation Lawsuit (Mar-21-16)
J&J to Pay $502M in DePuy Pinnacle Metal-On-Metal Hip Replacement Lawsuits (Mar-18-16)
$1.15M Settlement Reached in Mandatory Poster Agency Consumer Fraud Lawsuit (Mar-10-16)
$72M Settlement Awarded in Talc Powder Cancer Lawsuit (Feb-26-16)
$13.5M Verdict Awarded In 2nd J&J Pelvic Mesh Trial (Feb-10-16)
EOS Reaches Settlement in Lip Balm Class Action Lawsuits (Feb-2-16)
Merck to Pay $830M In Shareholder Suit Over Vioxx Marketing (Jan-15-16)
$30M BMW Mini Cooper Timing Belt Class Action Settlement Reached (Jan-7-16)
Jury Awards $11M Verdict In Wright Hip Implant Bellwether Lawsuit (Nov-26-15)
$300M Settlement Reached in GM Ignition Switch Securities Class Action Lawsuit (Nov-16-15)
 $200M Settlement Imposed on Takata for Defective Air Bags (Nov-4-15)
Andrzej Plizga and Katarzyna Plizga  v. The Euclid Chemical Company Verdict for Plaintiff for US$10,875,622 (Oct-15-15)
$1.6M Settlement Awarded in DuPont Tephlon Cancer Lawsuit (Oct-12-15)
$2.4B Settlement to Proceed in Actos Bladder Cancer Lawsuits (Sep-17-15)
$36M Settlement Proposed in Defective Fridge Class Action Lawsuit (Sep-10-15)
Lennox Defective Coil Class Action Lawsuit Settlement Reached (Aug-20-15)


Page: 1  2  3  4  5  6  7  8     Next» 




Request  Legal Help





										First name:

						Last name:

						Email address:

						Phone number(s):

						Zip/Postal Code:

												Defendant:

									Describe your complaint:

									Category:

-- please select --
Accounting Firm Malpractice
Advertising
Antitrust
Appeals
Automobile - Defective
Automobile - Accident
Aviation
Banking
Bankruptcy
Civil Rights
Commercial/Contracts
Computer/Technology
Construction
Contracts
Credit Card Abuse
Criminal
Debts
Defamation/Slander/Libel
Defective Building Products
Defective Products
Dental Malpractice
Disability Insurance
Discrimination
Dog Bites
Drugs/Pharmaceutical
Education
Elder Care
Employment/Labor
Employee Benefits/ERISA
Energy
Entertainment
Environment
Family Law
Financial
Food/Beverage/Supplements
Fraud
Government
Harassment
Harassment - Gender
Hazardous Substance
Human Rights
Identity Theft
Immigration
Insurance
Internet
Land Use
Landlord/Tenant
Legal Malpractice
Maritime Law
Media/Telecom
Medical Equipment
Medical/Health
Medical Malpractice
Military
Mortgage
Motorcycle
Negligence
Occupational Safety/Health
Occupational Disease
Patent/Trademark/Copyright
Personal Injury
Premises/Housing
Railroad/FELA
Real Estate
RICO
Securities/Stocks
Securities Brokers
Social Security
Toxic Mold
Toxic Tort
Travel
Trusts/Estates
Unfair Business Practices
Whistleblower
Wills/Probate
Workers Compensation

You must have JavaScript enabled for this form to work correctly.
By submitting this form I agree to the Terms of Service.





						There is no cost to submit this form.
 I would like to be interviewed by a journalist.
 Receive our weekly newsletter with the latest lawsuit news and legal information.
					









Hot Legal Issues


Settlements

Accidents SettlementsAntitrust SettlementsAutomotive SettlementsBankruptcy SettlementsBusiness SettlementsCivil/Human Rights SettlementsConsumer Banking SettlementsConsumer Fraud SettlementsCriminal Law SettlementsDefective Products SettlementsDiet/Health Supplements SettlementsDiscrimination SettlementsDrugs/Medical SettlementsDUI SettlementsElder Care SettlementsEmployment SettlementsEnvironment SettlementsFamily Law SettlementsFinancial SettlementsFood/Drink SettlementsImmigration SettlementsInsurance SettlementsIntellectual Property SettlementsInternet/Technology SettlementsMalpractice SettlementsMedia/Telecom SettlementsPersonal Injury SettlementsReal Estate SettlementsSecurities SettlementsWhistleblower SettlementsWills/Trusts/Estates SettlementsWorkers Compensation Settlements 
▼ More Settlements ▼

Legal Services:

Class Actions
Lawyer Directory Resources
Free Newsletter
Publish Your Settlements
Legal Forms
Email this Page to a Friend 



Advertisement





 

FAQ | 
TOS | 
Privacy | 
Disclaimer | 
About Us | 
Contact Us | 
Press | 
Advertise  | 
Member Login  | 
Site Map |
View Mobile Website

  
	  
	  
	  
	


	This work is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NoDerivs 3.0 Unported License © 2001-2017 Online Legal Media. All rights reserved.
Visit other Online Legal Media Websites:
























Avoid Israeli Settlement Products | Buycott













































UPC 

UPC
Product Name
Brand Name
Company Name














 Toggle navigation    
















Sign up





































Create Account
                  






Sign in




















Sign in
                    

Forgot password?







Easier Sign Up
Sign up with Facebook Sign up with Twitter
Already have an account?
Sign in with email 


Terms of Service














Sign up With Facebook


























 
Create Account
                






Terms of Service















 Human Rights
Avoid Israeli Settlement Products

Human Rights
8 companies









 

Avoid Israeli Settlement Products
8 companies 



        Israeli settlements are growing in the West Bank and increasingly destroying any possibility of a two state solution. Most of the land in the West Bank is used by the Israeli military and is occupied by Israeli settlers. The settlements are scattered throughout the West Bank and are interconnected by Israeli exclusive roads. These roads surround major Palestinian cities such as Bethlehem, Hebron, Jenin, Nablus, Ramallah, Jerusalem, and Jericho and thereby severing Palestinian means of communication and migration between their major cities. Most Palestinians that were born and raised in the West Bank have never seen family residing in other major cities and have been denied religious pilgrimage to Bethlehem and Jerusalem.  Since the West Bank no longer has a viable border, the territory can no longer provide Palestinians with a state. Israeli settlements are growing. Boycott the goods and services that are produced by settlers to protect yourself from supporting the occupation and the destruction of the last viable solution. It is illegal for Israelis to boycott goods and services from settlements. Such actions are prosecutable by Israeli law. Us living outside of Israel are free to do we can to uphold justice by controlling where we spend our money. In a April 2013 Jerusalem Post article, the European Union made it obligatory to label products that are made in Israeli settlements. Read more here: http://www.jpost.com/Diplomacy-and-Politics/EU-working-on-guidelines-to-label-West-Bank-products-310760In a August 2012 Guardian article, South Africa also labels goods produced in Israeli settlements. Read more here: http://www.guardian.co.uk/world/2012/aug/23/israel-south-africa-west-bank-labelSome companies that operate in Israeli Settlements are:http://www.keter.com/     Settlement: Barkan I.Z.http://abadibakery.com/   Settlement: Atarot I.Z.http://www.sodastream.com/   Settlement: Edomim I.Z.
      

Campaign organized by:
 @maladeeb


Why should I become a moderator?


 
Apply
Cancel


Interested in improving the campaign? Become a moderator









Join the Campaign
 179,316 members



Only 20,684 away from 200,000




Enter a valid name



Enter a valid email address
















 Share with my friends 






Join













Download Buycott
 


Get It















Boycott Israel Campaign




 

   
      




FREE Subscription
to our
NEWSLETTER
just enter
your email address

subscribe 
unsubscribe 




View 
        Previous Issues








BOYCOTT ISRAEL CAMPAIGN




LIST 
              OF PRODUCTS FROM ISRAELI SETTLEMENTS IN THE OCCUPIED TERRITORIES
 
 
FOOD & BEVERAGES
Note: Agricultural products (Vegetables, Fruit and Flowers), constitute a major 
              part settlement production. They are usually mixed with products 
              made in Israel, so currently, locating the exact origin of such 
              products is nearly impossible.




COMPANY


PRODUCT


SETTLEMENT




A & M Greenberg


Food agency


Atarot industrial zone




Abadi "Mizrahiot"


Salted bagel cookies


Atarot industrial zone




Adanim Tea


Herbal tea


Ofra




Ahva


Halva and candy


Barkan industrial zone




Bar Haim


Food products


Edomim I.Z.




Barkan Cellars


Wine makers


Barkan IZ




Barkan Sweets


Candy and Sweets


Barkan IZ




BarKat


Food products


Barkan industrial zone




Beigel & Beigel


Pretzel bakery


Barkan industrial zone




Better and Different


   


Edomim I.Z.




Cohen Brothers 


Butchers


Atarot industrial zone




Cool 


Mineral Water
(made in France)


Imported by Sunleader
Barkan industrial zone




Eden Springs Ltd.


Mineral water


Katzrin IZ (Golan Heights)




Elyon


Spices


Alphey Menashe




Gilad spices


Spices


Elon Moreh




Glatt Of


Chicken Slaughterhouse


Atarot industrial zone




Golan Cheese


Various cheeses 


Katzrin IZ (Golan Heights)




Golan Dairies


Milk Products


Katzrin IZ (Golan Heights)




Golan Wines


Wine makers


Katzrin IZ (Golan Heights)




Gold Pie


Pie factory


Edomim Qiryat Arba IZan Heights)hentlements is a shekel ag place of work.  
                    More importantly, broindustrial zone




Hacormim Wines


Winery


Edomim IZ




Hamizrah Wines


Winery


Edomim IZ




Hebron Wines


Winery


Qiryat Arba IZ




Jerusalem Granola


Granola bars


Atarot industrial zone




Klufim


Processing of Potatos


Edomim I.Z.




Luiza 


Herbal Tea


Alon Moreh




Malosh Borekas Kobi


Frozen foods


Edomim I.Z.




Migdanot


Cookies and bisquits


Edomim I.Z.




Negev Yam Chemicals


Cleaning products


Gush Katif




Of Habira


Chicken 


Edomim I.Z.




Openheimer


Chocolate and sweets


Atarot industrial zone




Ramat Hagolan Dairy


Dairy products


Katzrin IZ (Golan Heights)




Shamir Salads


Ready made salads


Barkan I.Z.




Shomron Meat


Meat products


Karney Shomron




Soda Club


Home soda water devices


Edomim I.Z.




Sofrei Ltd.


Food production and marketing


Edomim I.Z.




Super Class


Salads produced for
"Hyper-Col"


Barkan I.Z




Tekoa Mushrooms


Mushrooms


Tekoa




Tel Arza Wines


Winery


Edomim I.Z.




Tohikon


Arts & Crafts


Maale Ephraim




Yerek Adom


Food products


Edomim I.Z.




Zion Wines


Winery


Edomim IZ



 
 
HOUSEHOLD 
              PRODUCTS
 



COMPANY


PRODUCT


SETTLEMENT




Amgazit


Gas equipment 


Gush Etzion




Arieh Plast


Nylon bags


Maale Ephraim IZ




Barkan


Metal & Wood furniture


Barkan I.Z




Beitili


Frniture & carpets


Barkan I.Z




Benitex


Camping equipment


Edomim I.Z.




Daniel


Furniture


Edomim I.Z.




"Ahava" Dead Sea health products


Cosmetics


Mitzpe Shalem




Edomim Chemicals


Household cleaning products


Edomim I.Z.




Flanero


Kitchen utensils


Gush Etzion




Flick


Plastic bags and file folders


Mevoh Hama




Hlavin Industies


Plastic Products


Barkan I.Z.




Hod


Tiles


Kiryat Arba I.Z.




Hogla Jerusalem


Paper stuff


Atarot I.Z.




I.S.


Illumination


Edomim I.Z.




IAT


Carpets


Edomim I.Z.




InterCosma


Cosmetics


Atarot I.Z.




Jerusalem Knitworks


Uniforms plant


Edomim I.Z.




Jerusalem Pencils


Pencils


Atarot  I.Z.




Lipski


Plastics


Barkan I.Z.




Lital


Furniture


Edomim I.Z.




Mavrik


Shoe polish


Edomim I.Z.




Modan


Satchels, handbags


Shaked




MTV shampoo (Hlavin)


Hair shampoo


Barkan I.Z




Mul-t-lock


Locksmiths and security doors


Barkan I.Z.




Ofertex


Cleaning rags


Barkan I.Z.




Paint li


Importers of paint
And art tools


Nili




Pereg


Air Conditioning


Atarot I.Z.




RabinTex Ltd


Textiles and camping equip.


Edomim I.Z.




Schem Laboratories


Cleaning chemicals


Kdumim




Sol Camping


Camping equipment 


Barkan I.Z.




Streicher


Uniforms


Edomim I.Z.




Super Isra-chom


Solar systems


Edomim I.Z.




Yardeni


Locksmiths


Barkan I.Z.




Yerushalmi Industries


Ropes


Barkan I.Z.




Zivanit


Shoes & Sandals


Ein Zivan



 
 
GENERAL 
              INDUSTRIES
 



COMPANY


PRODUCT


SETTLEMENT




AGS


Toys and Games


Beit Horon




Alum-Tal


Glass products


Edomim I.Z.




Avgol


Un woven fabric


Barkan I.Z




Aviv


Builders


Atarot




Aviah


Safety equipment


Maale Ephraim I.Z.




Benda Plast


Food packing


Katzrin I.Z.




Ben-Or


Vacuum packing


Barkan I.Z.




Ben-Tal Motors


Electric motors


Merom Golan




Bloko Ltd


Printing Dyes


Edomim I.Z.




Builders of the Fathers Town


Building blocks


Kiryat Arba




Carmigal


Ceramics 


Alphei Menashe I.Z.




Dar-El


Printed circuits


Ariel




Dotan


Leather goods


Mevoh Dotan




Edomim


Wood mills


Edomim I.Z.




Eshkol


Publishers


Edomim I.Z.




Export books factory


   


Atarot I.Z.




FiberTech


Fiberglass pipes


Karnei Shomron




Gachelet


Aluminum factory


Atarot I.Z.




Gelman


Science and Technology


Atarot I.Z.




Golan Industries


Meetal works 


Bnei Yehuda




Granit 2000


Marble and granite


Edomim I.Z.




Green Oil


Machine oil


Ariel




H. Wegshel


Publishers


Edomim I.Z.




Haalonim (Oaks)


Building blocks


Edomim I.Z.




Hagim


Electronic Systems


Neveh Dekalim




Har-Shefi


Packing


Beit-El




Hasholsha products, Jerusalem


   


Atarot I.Z.




Herto


Textile Industries


Edomim I.Z




Irit


Silk Screen printing


Edomim I.Z.




Isra-Beton


Cement industries


Atarot I.Z.




Israel United Laundries


   


Atarot I.Z.




IsraVit


Plastic and metal works


Edomim I.Z.




Kanfei Yona


Tannery


Edomim I.Z.




Klima Israel Ltd


   


Atarot I.Z.




Lasri Ltd


Metal works


Edomim I.Z.




Levi


Metal and wood works


Edomim I.Z.




Mei Zurim


Water purification


Gush Etzion 




Nesarim


Wood work production & marketing


Atarot I.Z.




Neve-Zuf Computers


Software & systems


Halamish




Niron


Textile threads


Emanuel




Optima


   


Edomim I.Z.




Or-Lil


Electronics


Katzrin I.Z.




Oval 


Computers


Barkan I.Z.




Oval


Hospital Equipment


Barkan I.Z.




Plast fiber


Plastic products


Karnei Shomron




R. N. Ltd


Judaica


Edomim I.Z.




Ramat Magshimim systems


Automation


Ramat Magshimim




Readymix industries


Cement


Edomim I.Z.




Remet Trom


Aluminum products


Edomim I.Z.




Ronopol


Plastic products


Barkan I.Z.




Shahaf (Seagull)


Metal works


Edomim I.Z.




Sherut


Packaging products 


Barkan I.Z.




Shiloh Technologies


   


Edomim I.Z.




Spideshe


Ready grown lawn 


Gilgal




Sprinco


Industrial springs


Barkan I.Z




Star


Auto parts


Edomim I.Z.




TAPI


Plastics


Edomim I.Z.




Technoplast


Plastic fittings


Barkan I.Z




Tzarfati


metal works


Edomim I.Z.




Palphot


Post cards & Calanders


Karnei Shomron




Victory


Oil seals


Edomim I.Z.



 




SOURCE:



Gush Shalom- www.gush-shalom.org


URL: 
              http://www.inminds.com/boycott-settlements.html





HOME PAGE






 

























T-2390-A  Settlement - CEO, founder, businessman - profile

















directorpedia.net - List of CEOs, founders, board members and company directors











T-2390-A  Settlement
Check out list of companies and businesses related to T-2390-A  Settlement. Find out T-2390-A  Settlement address and contact details. View other people related to T-2390-A  Settlement - coworkers, colleagues, companions, etc.
Address:   

WEST BAY STREET PO BOX N-3933 NASSAU  Bahamas




Companies related to T-2390-A  Settlement
CIKCompany NamePositionCompany Address0001468174Hyatt Hotels Corp 71 SOUTH WACKER DRIVE 12TH FLOOR CHICAGO 60606




T-2390-A  Settlement on the Web
Persons related to T-2390-A  Settlement - Hyatt Hotels CorpNamePositionCity#34FD2  1740 NASSAU#37FD  1740NASSAU#37FD  1740 NASSAU1740-40 AANP TrustNASSAU1740-40 AANP Trust NASSAU#40FD-D  1740NASSAU#40FD-R  1740NASSAU1740 Trust #27FD NASSAU1740 Trust #40-37DNASSAU1740 Trust #40-37D NASSAU1740 Trust #40-37RNASSAU1740 Trust #40-37R NASSAU1740 Trust #40-AANPNASSAU1740 Trust #40-AANP NASSAU1740 Trust #40-ABNASSAU1740 Trust #40-AB NASSAU1740 Trust #40-ADNASSAU1740 Trust #40-AD NASSAU1740 Trust #40-AJNASSAU1740 Trust #40-AJ NASSAU1740 Trust #40-AlushtaNASSAU1740 Trust #40-Alushta NASSAU1740 Trust #40-ASNASSAU1740 Trust #40-AS NASSAU1740 Trust #40-Banana BNASSAU1740 Trust #40-Banana B NASSAU1740 Trust #40-DSNASSAU1740 Trust #40-DS NASSAU1740 Trust #40-EvpatoriaNASSAU1740 Trust #40-Evpatoria NASSAU1740 Trust #40-FDANASSAU1740 Trust #40-FDA NASSAU1740 Trust #40-FDJNASSAU1740 Trust #40-FDJ NASSAU1740 Trust #40-FDMNASSAU1740 Trust #40-FDM NASSAU1740 Trust #40-Festus BahamasNASSAU1740 Trust #40-Festus Bahamas NASSAU1740 Trust #40-FrancisNASSAU1740 Trust #40-Francis NASSAU1740 Trust #40-IzyumNASSAU1740 Trust #40-Izyum NASSAU1740 Trust #40-Jaybird BNASSAU1740 Trust #40-Jaybird B NASSAU1740 Trust #40-Jon Jacob BNASSAU1740 Trust #40-Jon Jacob B NASSAU1740 Trust #40-JVNASSAU1740 Trust #40-JV NASSAU1740 Trust #40-LaDini BNASSAU1740 Trust #40-LaDini B NASSAU1740 Trust #40-LocustNASSAU1740 Trust #40-Locust NASSAU1740 Trust #40-NikopolNASSAU1740 Trust #40-Nikopol NASSAU1740 Trust #40-RAPNNASSAU1740 Trust #40-RAPN NASSAU1740 Trust #40-SangduNASSAU1740 Trust #40-Sangdu NASSAU1740 Trust #40-Scorpion NassauNASSAU1740 Trust #40-Scorpion Nassau NASSAU1740 Trust #40-THPNASSAU1740 Trust #40-THP NASSAU1740 Trust #40-TVNASSAU1740 Trust #40-TV NASSAU1740 Trust #40-Vered IslandNASSAU1740 Trust #40-Vered Island NASSAU1740 Trust #40-WJGPNASSAU1740 Trust #40-WJGP NASSAU1740 Trust #40-ZAP BNASSAU1740 Trust #40-ZAP B NASSAU1740 Trust RSP FAIRFIELD1922 Trust HOUSTON1922 Trust Co LTAHOUSTON2010 N3 Purpose TrustNASSAU8-26-22 GP LLC HOUSTONA.N.P. Trust #11M8CHICAGOA.N.P. Trust #11M8 CHICAGOA.N.P Trust #12M5CHICAGOA.N.P Trust #12M5 CHICAGOA.N.P. Trust #17M8CHICAGOA.N.P. Trust #17M8 CHICAGOA.N.P. Trust #18-Thomas M6CHICAGOA.N.P. Trust #18-Thomas M6 CHICAGOA.N.P. Trust #1M6CHICAGOA.N.P. Trust #1M6 CHICAGOA.N.P. TRUST #22 - JAMES10% Owner CHICAGOA.N.P. TRUST #24 - JAMES10% Owner CHICAGOA.N.P. TRUST #28 - JAMES10% Owner CHICAGOA.N.P. Trust #2M6CHICAGOA.N.P. Trust #2M6 CHICAGOA.N.P. Trust #2M6 CHICAGOA.N.P. TRUST #30 - JAMES10% Owner CHICAGOA.N.P. Trust #31CHICAGOA.N.P. Trust #31M6CHICAGOA.N.P. Trust #31M6 CHICAGOA.N.P. Trust #34-PennyCHICAGOA.N.P. Trust #34-Penny M6CHICAGOA.N.P. Trust #34-Penny M6 CHICAGOA.N.P. Trust #36-PennyCHICAGOA.N.P. Trust #36-Penny M6CHICAGOA.N.P. Trust #36-Penny M6 CHICAGOA.N.P. Trust #37CHICAGOA.N.P. Trust #37M6CHICAGOA.N.P. Trust #37M6 CHICAGOA.N.P. Trust #3M6CHICAGOA.N.P. Trust #3M6 CHICAGOA.N.P. Trust #40-PennyCHICAGOA.N.P. Trust #40-Penny M6CHICAGOA.N.P. Trust #40-Penny M6 CHICAGOA.N.P. Trust #42-PennyCHICAGOA.N.P. Trust #42-Penny M5CHICAGOA.N.P. Trust #42-Penny M5 CHICAGOA.N.P. Trust #5-Gigi M5CHICAGOA.N.P. Trust #5-Gigi M5 CHICAGOA.N.P. Trust #6M6CHICAGOA.N.P. Trust #6M6 CHICAGOA.N.P. Trust #8M8CHICAGOA.N.P. Trust #8M8 CHICAGOAberdeen Trust-Washington Trust #170 HOUSTONDhabi Investment Authority  Abu10% Owner ABU DHABIACPS 2010 ECI Mirror Trust #5HARTFORDACPS 2010 LaSalle Mirror Trust #19HARTFORDAlushta Trust NASSAUAman Trust 1 NASSAUAman Trust 2 NASSAUAnacortes Trust-Washington Trust #176 HOUSTONPRITZKER FAMILY FOUNDATION  ANTHONYLOS ANGELESBERNARD W  ARONSONDirector CHICAGOAS 2010 N-1 TrustNASSAUAutonomy Trust 2010 A HOUSTONAutonomy Trust 2010 B HOUSTONAvignon Trust HOUSTONAvignon Trust 2010 HOUSTONPaul  BallewDirector STERLINGBanana B Trust NASSAUBanana Trust HOUSTONMaryam  BanikarimSee Remarks MCLEANMaryam  BanikarimGlobal Chief Marketing Officer CHICAGOBelleview Trust (OR 37) M2CHICAGOBelleview Trust (OR 37) M2 CHICAGOBellingham Trust-Washington Trust #173 HOUSTONBKMP H Co LP HOUSTONBlaine Trust-Washington Trust #174 HOUSTONBly Trust (OR 38) M2CHICAGOBly Trust (OR 38) M2 CHICAGOBombay Hotel CorpGEORGE TOWN, GRAND CAYMANBotticelli Trust HOUSTONBotticelli Trust HOUSTONBotticelli Trust 2010 HOUSTONBurlington Trust-Oregon Trust #103 HOUSTONCanyonville Trust (OR 39) M2CHICAGOCanyonville Trust (OR 39) M2 CHICAGOCarver Trust-Oregon Trust #184 HOUSTONChehalis Trust-Washington Trust #156 HOUSTONCheyenne Trust NASSUACHILOQUIN TRUST - OREGON TRUST #41 CHICAGOChuckanut Trust-Washington Trust #175 HOUSTONCIBC Trust Co (Bahamas) LtdNASSAUCIBC Trust Co (Bahamas) LTD as Trustee of NJP 1740 #5 Trust NASSAUCIBC Trust Co (Bahamas) LTD as Trustee of Settlement T-577FD5 NASSAUClyfford Trust HOUSTONClyfford Trust HOUSTONClyfford Trust 2010 HOUSTONCOBURG TRUST - OREGON TRUST #42 CHICAGOCoco Trust HOUSTONCONDON TRUST - OREGON TRUST #43 CHICAGOCPC, Inc.NASSAUDALAI Trust 2010 A HOUSTONDALAI Trust 2010 B HOUSTONDALAI Trust 2010 C HOUSTONDALAI Trust 2010 D HOUSTONDAYTON TRUST - OREGON TRUST #44 CHICAGODGC Germanium Trust SIOUX FALLSDGC Germanium Trust 2010 SIOUX FALLSDILLARD TRUST - OREGON TRUST #45 CHICAGODJPS 2010 ECI Mirror Trust #6HARTFORDDJPS 2010 LaSalle Mirror Trust #46HARTFORDCharles E  DobrusinCHICAGODon Family Trust #2-Adam HOUSTONDon Family Trust #2-Noah HOUSTONDon Family Trust #2-Samuel HOUSTONDon Family Trust #3-Cindy HOUSTONDon Family Trust #3-Cindy HOUSTONDon Family Trust #3-Jay HOUSTONDon Family Trust #3-Jay HOUSTONDon Family Trust #3-Jon HOUSTONDon Family Trust #3-Jon HOUSTONDon Family Trust #3-Nancy HOUSTONDon Family Trust #3-NancyHOUSTONDon Family Trust #3-Nancy HOUSTONDon Family Trust #3-Zachary HOUSTONDon Family Trust #3-ZacharyHOUSTONDon Family Trust #3-Zachary HOUSTONDon Family Trust #6-AllisonHARTFORDDon Family Trust #6-DanaHARTFORDDon Family Trust #6-JuliaHARTFORDDon Family Trust #6-TheodoreHARTFORDDon Family Trust #7-Rachel HOUSTONDon Family Trust #7-Roland HOUSTONDon Family Trust #7-Rosemary HOUSTONDon G.C. Trust #1M4CHICAGODon G.C. Trust #1M4 CHICAGODon G.C. Trust #4M4CHICAGODon G.C. Trust #4M4 CHICAGODON G.C. TRUST #510% Owner CHICAGODon G.C. Trust #8CHICAGODon G.C. Trust #8M2CHICAGODon G.C. Trust #8M2 CHICAGODon G.C. Trust #8M2 CHICAGODon Nicholas Trust HOUSTONDon Nicholas Trust 2010 HOUSTONDon Trust #25M1CHICAGODon Trust #25M1 CHICAGODonald Pritzker Traubert GST TrustCHICAGODS 2010 N-1 TrustNASSAUDUNDEE TRUST - OREGON TRUST #46 CHICAGODUNES TRUST - OREGON TRUST #47 CHICAGODurham 4 Trust SIOUX FALLSDurham Trust 2010 A SIOUX FALLSDurham Trust 2010 B SIOUX FALLSECI QSST Trust #4M3CHICAGOECI QSST Trust #4M3 CHICAGOECI QSST Trust #5M2CHICAGOECI QSST Trust #5M2 CHICAGOECI QSST Trust #6M2CHICAGOECI QSST Trust #6M2 CHICAGOECI Trust A 2010 HOUSTONECI Trust - JuliaNORTH HAVENECI Trust N 2010 HOUSTONECI Trust - TheodoreNORTH HAVENMARSHALL E  EISENBERGCHICAGOELMIRA TRUST - OREGON TRUST #48 CHICAGOElsinore Trust NASSAUEvpatoria Trust NASSAUF.L.P. Trust #11CHICAGOF.L.P. Trust #14CHICAGOLucinda  FalkGREENWICHFeatherman H Co LP HOUSTONFeatherman Trust HOUSTONFeatherman Trust HOUSTONJane E  FeererCHICAGOFestus 2010 LaSalle Trust HOUSTONFestus Bahamas Trust NASSAUFestus-Blodgett Trust 2010 HOUSTONFestus Brightwood Trust 2010 HOUSTONFestus ECI Trust 2010 HOUSTONFestus Gunn-Wash #93 Trust 2010 HOUSTONFestus Pinnacle Trust 2010 HOUSTONFestus Pyramid-Wash #94 Trust 2010 HOUSTONFestus-R.A. G.C. Trust HOUSTONFestus Toutle-Wash #153 Trust HOUSTNOH. Charles  FloydSee Remarks CHICAGOH. Charles  FloydSee Remarks CHICAGOFLP11 HHC, L.L.C.CHICAGOFLP11 HHC, L.L.C. CHICAGOFLP14 HHC L.L.C.CHICAGOFLP14 HHC L.L.C. CHICAGOFrancis Trust NASSAURICHARD A  FRIEDMANDirector NEW YORKRICHARD A  FRIEDMANDirector NEW YORKPeter  FultonSee Remarks CHICAGOG14M2 HHC, L.L.C. CHICAGOG14M2 HHC, L.L.C. CHICAGOG14M2 HHC, L.L.C. CHICAGOGalispell Trust (WA 63) M1CHICAGOGalispell Trust (WA 63) M1 CHICAGOGallium Trust 2010 A SIOUX FALLSGallium Trust 2010 B SIOUX FALLSGallium Trust 2010 C SIOUX FALLSGallium Trust 2010 D SIOUX FALLSGHHC, L.L.C.CHICAGOGHHC, L.L.C. CHICAGOGOLDMAN SACHS & COGOLDMAN SACHS & CONEW YORKGOLDMAN SACHS & CO NEW YORKGOLDMAN SACHS GROUP INC/ GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP INC10% Owner NEW YORKGOLDMAN SACHS GROUP INC10% Owner NEW YORKSACHS MANAGEMENT GP GMBH  GOLDMANSACHS MANAGEMENT GP GMBH  GOLDMAN,NEW YORKSACHS MANAGEMENT GP GMBH  GOLDMAN,FRANKFURT AM MAIN 60323SACHS MANAGEMENT GP GMBH  GOLDMAN,GERMANYSACHS MANAGEMENT GP GMBH  GOLDMAN,FRANKFURT AM MAINPatrick J  GrismerSee Remarks LOUISVILLEGS Advisors VI, L.L.C.NEW YORKGS Advisors VI, L.L.C.NEW YORKGS Capital Partners VI Fund, L.P.NEW YORKGS Capital Partners VI Fund, L.P.NEW YORKGS Capital Partners VI GmbH & Co KGNEW YORKGS Capital Partners VI GmbH & Co KGNEW YORKGS Capital Partners VI Offshore Fund, L.P.NEW YORKGS Capital Partners VI Offshore Fund, L.P.NEW YORKGS Capital Partners VI Parallel LPNEW YORKGS Capital Partners VI Parallel LPNEW YORKGS SUNRAY HOLDINGS PARALLEL SUBCO, L.L.C.NEW YORKGS SUNRAY HOLDINGS PARALLEL SUBCO, L.L.C.NEW YORKGS SUNRAY HOLDINGS PARALLEL SUBCO, L.L.C.NEW YORKGS SUNRAY HOLDINGS SUBCO I, L.L.C.10% Owner NEW YORKGS SUNRAY HOLDINGS SUBCO I, L.L.C.10% Owner NEW YORKGS SUNRAY HOLDINGS SUBCO II, L.L.C.NEW YORKGS SUNRAY HOLDINGS SUBCO II, L.L.C. NEW YORKGSCP VI Advisors, L.L.C.NEW YORKGSCP VI Advisors, L.L.C.NEW YORKGSCP VI Offshore Advisors, L.L.C.NEW YORKGSCP VI Offshore Advisors, L.L.C.NEW YORKStephen G  HaggertySee Remarks CHICAGOStephen G  HaggertySee Remarks CHICAGOHarlan Trust NASSAUHeppner Trust (OR 190) M2CHICAGOHeppner Trust (OR 190) M2 CHICAGOHoaquiam Trust-Washington Trust #171 HOUSTONHockney Trust HOUSTONHockney Trust HOUSTONHockney Trust 2010 HOUSTONHoh Trust (WA 143) M1CHICAGOHoh Trust (WA 143) M1 CHICAGOMARK SAMUEL  HOPLAMAZIANSee Remarks CHICAGOMARK SAMUEL  HOPLAMAZIANSee Remarks CHICAGOHorton Trust Co LLCCHICAGOIHE, INC.10% Owner NASSAUIzyum Trust NASSAUJay Arthur Trust HOUSTONJaybird B Trust NASSAUJaybird Trust HOUSTONJNP 2010 Parachute Trust N2 NASSAUJNP 2010 Parachute Trust N2 NASSAUJNP 2010 Parachute Trust N3NASSAUJNP 2010 Parachute Trust N3 NASSAUJNP 2010-PG TrustCHICAGOJNP 2010-PG Trust CHICAGOJNP Parachute Mirror Trust A CHICAGOJNP Parachute Mirror Trust B CHICAGOJNP Parachute Mirror Trust KCHICAGOJNP Parachute Mirror Trust K CHICAGOJNP Parachute Mirror Trust LCHICAGOJNP Parachute Mirror Trust L CHICAGOJNP Parachute Trust #2 CHICAGOJon Jacob B Trust NASSAUJon Jacob Trust HOUSTONJP Morgan Trust Co (Bahamas) LtdNASSAUJSPV 2010 LaSalle Mirror Trust #56HARTFORDJulytoon Investments GP LLC HOUSTONJV 2010 N-1 TrustNASSAUKlickitat Trust (WA 149) M2CHICAGOKlickitat Trust (WA 149) M2 CHICAGOKLP 2006 N-4 Family TrustNASSAUKLP 2006-N3 Family TrustHARTFORDKLP 2010 A.N.P. Mirror Trust #23HARTFORDKLP 2010 A.N.P. Mirror Trust #24HARTFORDKLP 2010 A.N.P. Mirror Trust #29HARTFORDKLP 2010 A.N.P. Mirror Trust #30HARTFORDKLP 2010 ANP Mirror Trust AHARTFORDKLP 2010 ANP Mirror Trust BHARTFORDKLP 2010 PG Family Trust HARTFORDKMP Trust 2010 A HOUSTONKMP Trust 2010 B HOUSTONSUSAN D  KRONICKDirector CINCINNATISUSAN D  KRONICKDirector CHICAGOLaDini B Trust NASSAULaDini Trust HOUSTONLaSalle Family Trust #3-Adam HOUSTONLaSalle Family Trust #3-Noah HOUSTONLaSalle Family Trust #3-Samuel HOUSTONLaSalle Family Trust #4-Cindy HOUSTONLaSalle Family Trust #4-Cindy HOUSTONLaSalle Family Trust #4-Jay HOUSTONLaSalle Family Trust #4-Jay HOUSTONLaSalle Family Trust #4-Jon HOUSTONLaSalle Family Trust #4-Jon HOUSTONLaSalle Family Trust #4-Nancy HOUSTONLaSalle Family Trust #4-Nancy HOUSTONLaSalle Family Trust #4-Zachary HOUSTONLaSalle Family Trust #4-Zachary HOUSTONLaSalle Family Trust #7-Rachel HOUSTONLaSalle Family Trust #7-Roland HOUSTONLaSalle Family Trust #7-Rosemary HOUSTONLaSalle Family Trust #8-AllisonHARTFORDLaSalle Family Trust #8-DanaHARTFORDLaSalle Family Trust #8-JuliaHARTFORDLaSalle Family Trust #8-TheodoreHARTFORDLaSalle G.C. Trust #2CHICAGOLaSalle G.C. Trust #2 CHICAGOLaSalle G.C. Trust #2M1CHICAGOLaSalle G.C. Trust #2M1 CHICAGOLaSalle G.C. Trust #3 HOUSTONLaSalle G.C. Trust #5M1CHICAGOLaSalle G.C. Trust #5M1 CHICAGOLASALLE G.C. TRUST #610% Owner CHICAGOLaSalle G.C. Trust #9CHICAGOLaSalle G.C. Trust #9M1CHICAGOLaSalle G.C. Trust #9M1 CHICAGOLaSalle Trust #13M3CHICAGOLaSalle Trust #13M3 CHICAGOLaSalle Trust #42M4CHICAGOLaSalle Trust #42M4 CHICAGOLaSalle Trust #44M3CHICAGOLaSalle Trust #44M3 CHICAGOLaSalle Trust #47M1 CHICAGOLASALLE TRUST #5010% Owner CHICAGOLaSalle Trust #51M1 CHICAGOLASALLE TRUST #5510% Owner CHICAGOLaSalle Trust A 2010 HOUSTONLaSalle Trust N 2010 HOUSTONLaSalle Trust No. 49M1CHICAGOLaSalle Trust No. 49M1 CHICAGOLaSalle Trust No. 54M1CHICAGOLaSalle Trust No. 54M1 CHICAGOLaSalle Trust No. 58M1CHICAGOLaSalle Trust No. 58M1 CHICAGOLaSalle Trust S 2010 HOUSTONANNE-MARIE  LAWSee Remarks MOUNTAIN VIEWLCI H Co LPHOUSTONLGC Tin Trust SIOUX FALLSLGC Tin Trust 2010 SIOUX FALLSLewis M.  LinnHOUSTONLipschitz Trust HOUSTONLipschitz Trust HOUSTONLipschitz Trust 2010 HOUSTONLocust Trust NASSAULeonard J.  LoventhalCHICAGOLummi Trust (WA 141) M3CHICAGOLummi Trust (WA 141) M3 CHICAGOLyon Trust HOUSTONLyon Trust 2010 HOUSTONMadrone GHC, LLC MENLO PARKMaroon Private Trust Company, LLCSIOUX FALLSMaroon TrustCHICAGOMACKEY J  MCDONALDDirector MACKEY J  MCDONALDDirector CHICAGOCARY D  MCMILLANDirector CARY D  MCMILLANDirector CHICAGOMile Trust-Washington Trust #111 HOUSTONJOHN A  MILLERCHICAGOMinoso Trust NASSAUMoreau Trust NASSAUMoro Trust (OR 191) M1CHICAGOMoro Trust (OR 191) M1 CHICAGOMoro Trust - ORE #191CHICAGOMoro Trust - ORE #191 CHICAGOThomas J.  MuensterSIOUX FALLSN-2 Trust NASSAUN-3 Trust NASSAUN.F.P. QSST TRUST NO. 21 CHICAGONewman Trust (WA 57) M1CHICAGONewman Trust (WA 57) M1 CHICAGOJOHN D  NICHOLSCHICAGOJOHN D  NICHOLSDirector CHICAGOPAMELA M  NICHOLSONDirector PAMELA M  NICHOLSONDirector CHICAGONikopol Trust NASSAUNMP ECI Trust HOUSTONNMP ECI Trust HOUSTONNMP ECI Trust 2010 HOUSTONNormandy Trust HOUSTONNormandy Trust 2010 HOUSTONNorthwoods Trust NASSAUBradley  O'BryanSee Remarks CHICAGOOAKLAND TRUST - OREGON TRUST #201 CHICAGOOCEANSIDE TRUST - OREGON TRUST #202 CHICAGOODELL TRUST - OREGON TRUST #203 CHICAGOOLNEY TRUST - OREGON TRUST #204 CHICAGOOPHIR TRUST - OREGON TRUST #205 CHICAGOOrchid Trust HOUSTONORENCO TRUST - OREGON TRUST #206 CHICAGOORIENT TRUST - OREGON TRUST #207 CHICAGOOx Blue Trust HOUSTONOXBOW TRUST - OREGON TRUST #208CHICAGOOXBOW TRUST - OREGON TRUST #208 CHICAGOP.G. Gigi Trust M3CHICAGOP.G. Gigi Trust M3 CHICAGOP.G. Nicholas Trust RENOP.G. Nicholas Trust M CHICAGOP.G. Nicholas Trust M CHICAGOP.G. Penny TrustCHICAGOP.G. Tom Trust MCHICAGOP.G. Tom Trust M CHICAGOP19M2 Investors II, L.L.C.CHICAGOP19M2 Investors, L.L.C. CHICAGOParis Trust HOUSTONParis Trust 2010 HOUSTONMary F  PartheCHICAGOGregory Boyd  Penner BENTONVILLEGregory Boyd  PennerMENLO PARKGregory Boyd  PennerDirector CHICAGOPenny Trust M2CHICAGOPenny Trust M2 CHICAGOPG Alma Trust SIOUX FALLSJohn Kevin  PoormanCHICAGOFamily Foundation  PritzkerCHICAGOPritzker Family U.S. Situs Trusts10% Owner CHICAGOJason  PritzkerDirector CHICAGONicholas J.  Pritzker CHICAGONicholas J.  Pritzker CHICAGONicholas J.  Pritzker CHICAGOPENNY S  PRITZKERDirector CHICAGOPENNY S  PRITZKER10% Owner CHICAGOPENNY S  PRITZKER10% Owner CHICAGOThomas  PritzkerSee Remarks CHICAGOThomas  PritzkerExec. Chm. of Board CHICAGOThomas  PritzkerSee Remarks Thomas  PritzkerSee Remarks CHICAGOThomas  PritzkerExec. Chm. of Board CHICAGOGigi Pritzker  Pucker CHICAGOGigi Pritzker  Pucker CHICAGOGigi Pritzker  Pucker CHICAGOGigi Pritzker  Pucker CHICAGOQueets Trust-Washington Trust #159 HOUSTONQuillayute Trust (WA 144) M3CHICAGOQuillayute Trust (WA 144) M3 CHICAGOQuimalt Trust-Washington Trust #158 HOUSTONR.A. Family Trust #2-Adam HOUSTONR.A. Family Trust #2-Noah HOUSTONR.A. Family Trust #2-Samuel HOUSTONR.A. Family Trust #3-Cindy HOUSTONR.A. Family Trust #3-Cindy HOUSTONR.A. Family Trust #3-Jay HOUSTONR.A. Family Trust #3-Jay HOUSTONR.A. Family Trust #3-Jon HOUSTONR.A. Family Trust #3-Jon HOUSTONR.A. Family Trust #3-Nancy HOUSTONR.A. Family Trust #3-Nancy HOUSTONR.A. Family Trust #3-Zachary HOUSTONR.A. Family Trust #3-Zachary HOUSTONR.A. Family Trust #6-AllisonHARTFORDR.A. Family Trust #6-DanaHARTFORDR.A. Family Trust #6-JuliaHARTFORDR.A. Family Trust #6-TheodoreHARTFORDR.A. G.C. Indium Trust SIOUX FALLSR.A. G.C. Indium Trust 2010 SIOUX FALLSR.A. G.C. Trust #1M3CHICAGOR.A. G.C. Trust #1M3 CHICAGOR.A. G.C. Trust #4M4CHICAGOR.A. G.C. Trust #4M4 CHICAGOR.A. G.C. TRUST #510% Owner CHICAGOR.A. G.C. Trust #8CHICAGOR.A. G.C. Trust #8M3CHICAGOR.A. G.C. Trust #8M3 CHICAGOR.A. TRUST #25CHICAGOR2 Buxton-Oregon #183 Trust 2010 HOUSTONR3-2010 A Trust HOUSTONR3-2010 B Trust HOUSTONR3-2010 C Trust HOUSTONR3-2010 D Trust HOUSTONEDWARD W  RABINCHICAGOGebhard  RainerSee Remarks CHICAGORena Hozore  ReissSee Remarks CHICAGORevocable DALAI Trust HOUSTONRevocable Gallium Trust SIOUX FALLSRevocable KMP Trust HOUSTONRevocable KMP Trust HOUSTONLawrence I.  RichmanCHICAGORKMP H Co LP HOUSTONRobert Alan Trust HOUSTONRobert Alan Trust 2010 HOUSTONMICHAEL A  ROCCADirector MICHAEL A  ROCCADirector CHICAGORock Trust (WA 58) M1CHICAGORock Trust (WA 58) M1 CHICAGORoosevelt Trust (WA 59) M1CHICAGORoosevelt Trust (WA 59) M1 CHICAGORose Pritzker Traubert GST TrustCHICAGOHarry B  RosenbergCHICAGORP 1740 #17 Apex TrustNASSAURP 1740 #17 Apex Trust NASSAURP 1740 #17 Apex Trust NASSAUSalmon Trust-Washington Trust #154 HOUSTONSangdu Trust NASSAURakesh  SarnaSee Remarks CHICAGORakesh  SarnaSee Remarks CHICAGOScorpion 2010 LaSalle Trust HOUSTONScorpion Angeles-Wash #169 Trust 2010 HOUSTONScorpion Broadbent-Ore #102 Trust HOUSTONScorpion ECI Trust 2010 HOUSTONScorpion Nassau Trust NASSAUScorpion Ophelia Trust 2010 HOUSTONScorpion-R.A. G.C. Trust HOUSTONScorpion-Remmel Trust 2010 HOUSTONPeter  SearsSee Remarks CHICAGOSecond Universe Trust CHICAGOSecond Universe TrustCHICAGOSettlement 1740 Trust #13 NASSAUSettlement 1740 Trust #14NASSAUSettlement 1740 Trust #14 NASSAUSettlement 1740 Trust #14 NASSAUSettlement 1740 Trust #15 NASSAUSettlement 1740 Trust #18 NASSAUSettlement 1740 Trust #22 NASSAUSettlement 1740 Trust #23 NASSAUSettlement 1740 Trust #24 NASSAUSettlement 1740 Trust #25 NASSAUSettlement 1740 Trust #26A NASSAUSettlement 1740 Trust #26B NASSAUSettlement 1740 Trust #26C NASSAUSettlement 1740 Trust #26D NASSAUSettlement 1740 Trust #27 NASSAUSettlement 1740 Trust #27 NASSAUSettlement 1740 Trust #27 NASSAUSettlement 1740 Trust #28NASSAUSettlement 1740 Trust #28 NASSAUSettlement 1740 Trust #28 NASSAUSettlement 1740 Trust #28 NASSAUSettlement 1740 Trust #29 NASSAUSettlement 1740 Trust #29 NASSAUSettlement 1740 Trust #29 NASSAUSettlement 1740 Trust #30 NASSAUSettlement 1740 Trust #30 NASSAUSettlement 1740 Trust #30 NASSAUSettlement 1740 Trust #30FD NASSAUSettlement 1740 Trust #31 NASSAUSettlement 1740 Trust #31 NASSAUSettlement 1740 Trust #31 NASSAUSettlement 1740 Trust #32NASSAUSettlement 1740 Trust #32 NASSAUSettlement 1740 Trust #32 NASSAUSettlement 1740 Trust #32 NASSAUSettlement 1740 Trust #33NASSAUSettlement 1740 Trust #33 NASSAUSettlement 1740 Trust #33 NASSAUSettlement 1740 Trust #34NASSAUSettlement 1740 Trust #34 NASSAUSettlement 1740 Trust #34 NASSAUSettlement 1740 Trust #35NASSAUSettlement 1740 Trust #35 NASSAUSettlement 1740 Trust #35 NASSAUSettlement 1740 Trust #36NASSAUSettlement 1740 Trust #36 NASSAUSettlement 1740 Trust #36 NASSAUSettlement 1740 Trust #37 NASSAUSettlement 1740 Trust #38 NASSAUSettlement 1740 Trust #39 NASSAUSettlement 1740 Trust #40 NASSAUT-2043  Settlement NASSAUT-2113AFD  Settlement NASSAUT-2113D-FDA  Settlement NASSAUT-2113D-FDJ  Settlement NASSAUT-2113D-FDM  Settlement NASSAUT-2390-A  Settlement NASSAUT-2390-A  Settlement NASSAUT-2390-B  SettlementNASSAUT-2390-B  Settlement NASSAUT-2390-B  Settlement NASSAUT-2390-C  Settlement NASSAUT-2390-C  Settlement NASSAUT-551-1  Settlement NASSAUT-551-1  Settlement NASSAUT-551-10  Settlement NASSAUT-551-10  Settlement NASSAUT-551-11  SettlementNASSAUT-551-11  Settlement NASSAUT-551-12  SettlementNASSAUT-551-12  Settlement NASSAUT-551-1FD  Settlement NASSAUT-551-2  SettlementNASSAUT-551-2  Settlement NASSAUT-551-2  Settlement NASSAUT-551-3  Settlement NASSAUT-551-3  Settlement NASSAUT-551-4  Settlement NASSAUT-551-4  Settlement NASSAUT-551-4FD  Settlement NASSAUT-551-5  SettlementNASSAUT-551-5  Settlement NASSAUT-551-6  SettlementNASSAUT-551-6  Settlement NASSAUT-551-7  SettlementNASSAUT-551-7  Settlement NASSAUT-577  SettlementNASSAUT-577  Settlement NASSAUATISH  SHAHSee Remarks CHICAGOShannon Trust (WA 60) M1CHICAGOShannon Trust (WA 60) M1 CHICAGOShoalwater Trust (WA 142) M3CHICAGOShoalwater Trust (WA 142) M3 CHICAGOSignal Trust-Washington Trust #96 HOUSTONWalter W.  SimmersHARTFORDHarmit J  SinghChief Financial Officer CHICAGOHarmit J  SinghChief Financial Officer CHICAGOSUSAN T  SMITHSVP, General Counsel,Secretary CHICAGOSnicky Trust HOUSTONSnicky Trust HOUSTONSnow Trust (WA 151) M2CHICAGOSnow Trust (WA 151) M2 CHICAGOStephen  SokalCHICAGOSpectacle Trust (WA 62) M1CHICAGOSpectacle Trust (WA 62) M1 CHICAGOSpencer Trust 2 HOUSTONSpencer Trust 2010 A HOUSTONSpencer Trust 2010 B HOUSTONStella Trust HOUSTONStella Trust HOUSTONStella Trust 2010 HOUSTONAaron  SternSANTA FEStevens Trust (WA 61) M1CHICAGOStevens Trust (WA 61) M1 CHICAGOSwingsville Trust 2010 A HOUSTONSwingsville Trust 2010 B HOUSTONT-551-10FD2 NASSAUT11M2 HHC, L.L.C. CHICAGOT11M2 HHC, L.L.C. CHICAGOT11M2 HHC, L.L.C. CHICAGOT11M2 Investors, L.L.C.CHICAGOT11M2 Investors, L.L.C. CHICAGOT11M5 Investors, L.L.C.CHICAGOT11M5 Investors, L.L.C. CHICAGOTal-2010 ECI Family Mirror Trust #4CHICAGOTal-2010 ECI Family Mirror Trust #4 CHICAGOTal LaSalle Mirror Trust #17DCHICAGOTal LaSalle Mirror Trust #17D CHICAGOTao Invest LLCSAN FRANCISCOLarry  TchouSee Remarks CHICAGOTexas 8-26-22 H Co LP HOUSTONTexas 8-26-22 Trust 2 HOUSTONTexas 8-26-22 Trust 2 HOUSTONTexas 8-26-22 Trust 2010 A HOUSTONTexas 8-26-22 Trust 2010 B HOUSTONTexas 8-26-22 Trust 2010 C HOUSTONTexas 8-26-22 Trust 2010 D HOUSTONTGFJ GP LLC HOUSTONTGFJ H Co LP HOUSTONTGFJ Trust 1 HOUSTONTHHC, L.L.C.CHICAGOTHHC, L.L.C. CHICAGOTHP 2010 Trust N2NASSAUTillamook Trust (OR 192) M1CHICAGOTillamook Trust (OR 192) M1 CHICAGOTopaz Trust HOUSTONByron D  TrottDirector CHICAGO1740-A  Trust NASSAU1740-B  Trust NASSAU1740-C  Trust NASSAU1740-D  Trust NASSAU1740-E  Trust NASSAU1740-F  Trust NASSAU1740-G  Trust NASSAU1740-H  Trust NASSAU2015-GHC1  TrustNASSAU2015-GHC2  TrustNASSAU2015-THC1  TrustNASSAU2015-THC2  TrustNASSAU2043-AB  TrustNASSAU2043-AB  Trust NASSAU2043-AD  TrustNASSAU2043-AD  Trust NASSAU2043-AJ  TrustNASSAU2043-AJ  Trust NASSAU2043-Banana B  TrustNASSAU2043-Banana B  Trust NASSAU2043-FDA  TrustNASSAU2043-FDA  Trust NASSAU2043-FDJ  TrustNASSAU2043-FDJ  Trust NASSAU2043-FDM  TrustNASSAU2043-FDM  Trust NASSAU2043-Francis  TrustNASSAU2043-Francis  Trust NASSAU2043-Jaybird B  TrustNASSAU2043-Jaybird B  Trust NASSAU2043-Jon Jacob B  TrustNASSAU2043-Jon Jacob B  Trust NASSAU2043-LaDini B  TrustNASSAU2043-LaDini B  Trust NASSAU2043-Locust  TrustNASSAU2043-Locust  Trust NASSAU2043-Sangdu  TrustNASSAU2043-Sangdu  Trust NASSAU2043-ZAP B  TrustNASSAU2043-ZAP B  Trust NASSAU551-A  Trust NASSAU551-E  Trust NASSAUA-2015F  TrustNASSAUB-2015C  TrustNASSAUD-2015D  TrustNASSAUJ-2015B  TrustNASSAUJ-2015H  TrustNASSAUM-2015G  TrustNASSAUTSPV 2010 LaSalle Mirror Trust #60HARTFORDRICHARD C  TUTTLEDirector CHICAGORICHARD C  TUTTLEDirector CHICAGOTV 2010 N-1 TrustNASSAUDavid  UdellSee Remarks CHICAGOUDQ Private Trust Company, LLCSIOUX FALLSUDQ TrustCHICAGOVale Trust (OR 189) M2CHICAGOVale Trust (OR 189) M2 CHICAGOVered 2010 LaSalle Trust HOUSTONVered ECI Trust HOUSTONVered Island Trust NASSAUVered-R.A. G.C. Trust HOUSTONJohn  WallisSee Remarks CHICAGOJohn  WallisSee Remarks CHICAGORobert W.K.  WebbSee Remarks CHICAGOWest Trust (WA 64) M1CHICAGOWest Trust (WA 64) M1 CHICAGOBANK  WESTAMERICAFAIRFIELDWillapa Trust (WA 150) M3CHICAGOWillapa Trust (WA 150) M3 CHICAGOWind Trust-Washington Trust #160 HOUSTONAndrew D.  WingateNORTH HAVENWJGP 2010 Trust N2NASSAUWJGP 2010 Trust N2 NASSAUJAMES H  WOOTENDirector GLENVIEWJames H  Wooten JrDirector CHICAGOWILLIAM  WRIGLEY JRDirector CHICAGOWILLIAM  WRIGLEY JRDirector CHICAGOWynoochee Trust-Washington Trust #157 HOUSTONYellow Trust-Washington Trust #155 HOUSTONZAP B Trust NASSAUZAP Trust HOUSTONZesty Trust-Washington Trust #172 HOUSTONZot Trust 2010 A HOUSTONZot Trust 2010 B HOUSTON












 






 









Consumer Action - Class Action Database








































Home

Date Archives
Popularity Archives
Publication Archive
Headline Archive
Survey Archive




About

Mission
What We Do
Projects
Partnerships
Staff
Board of Directors
CAB
History
Contact




Press

Press Releases
News Headlines
Media Inquiries
Join Press List



Outreach

Our Events

Best Practices
Training Tools
Our Network
Webinars
Alerts
Coalitions



Support

Online Membership
Paid Membership
Donate



Publications

English
Spanish
Chinese
Korean
Vietnamese
Other Languages

How to Order 



Newsletters

Consumer Action News
Consumer Action Insider
Scam Gram
Special Reports



Help Desk

Submit Complaint
FAQs
Consumer Resources
Consumer Service Guide (CSG)
Alerts
Consumer Booknotes













Class Action Database

Consumer Action maintains this listing of notable class actions so that interested consumers can learn more, join a pending action or make a claim. You can sort the listing three ways—actions or settlements that are (1) open to claims, (2) pending or (3) closed—or use the calendar to search for upcoming claims deadlines. We invite information about pending and ongoing class actions. Email .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address).

















Deadlines Calendar

« July 2017 »



S
M
T
W
T
F
S



 
 
 
 
 
 
1

2


                    3
                  

4
5
6
7
8

9
10
11


                    12
                  



                    13
                  

14


                    15
                  

 

                    16
                  

17
18
19
20
21
22

23


                    24
                  

25
26
27
28
29

30


                    31
                  

 
 
 
 
 




View Large Calendar





Class Action by Status


Open To Claims (32)

pending (38)

closed (421)



Search the Class Action Listing











Class Action Listing
View Archive | Clear Filter


Wells Fargo (Student Loans TCPA) »
Defendant: Wells Fargo
Consumers who received automated or prerecorded call or text on their cell phones from Wells Fargo regarding student loans between April 21, 2011 and December 19, 2015 may be eligible for a pro rata share of the $2 million settlement. The company reached a settlement over allegations of violations of… Claim Deadline is Monday, 31 July 2017.

Optical Disk Drive (Antitrust) »
Defendant: Panasonic; NEC; Sony; HLDS
Residents in certain states who bought a new computer with an ODD (DVD-RV, DVD-Rom, or COMBO drive) manufactured by Panasonic, NEC, Sony, and Hitachi-LG (“HLDS”) between April 1, 2003 and December 31, 2008 may be eligible for a cash payment.  The companies reached settlement over allegations of violating antitrust laws.… Claim Deadline is Tuesday, 01 August 2017.

Harbor Freight (Advertising) »
Defendant: Harbor Freight
Consumers who purchased merchandise from Harbor Freight between April 8, 2011 and December 15, 2016 that was advertised with a higher suggested retail price next to a lower current price may be eligible for cash or gift card based on the amount they “saved” or spent on their purchases. The… Claim Deadline is Monday, 07 August 2017.

AT&T U-Verse (TCPA) »
Defendant: AT&T
Consumers who received automated calls to their cell phones regarding U-verse service and made a complaint regarding the call before November 18, 2015 may be eligible for a pro rata share of the $1.9 million settlement. The company reached a settlement over allegations of violations of the Telephone Consumer Protection… Claim Deadline is Tuesday, 15 August 2017.

New York Life (TCPA) »
Defendant: New York Life
Consumers who received automated calls or to a number registered with the National Do Not Call Registry from New York Life on or after May 13, 2012 may be eligible for a pro rata share of the $3.3 million settlement. The company reached a settlement over allegations of violations of… Claim Deadline is Tuesday, 15 August 2017.

Wild Planet (Tuna) »
Defendant: Wild Planet
Consumers who bought Wild Planet or Sustainable Seas’ can of tuna between November 5, 2011 and May 12, 2017 may be eligible for a pro rata share of $1.7 million settlement.  The company reached a settlement over allegations of under-filling the amount of tuna in its cans.
   Claim Deadline is Friday, 25 August 2017.

HSBC Card Services (Telephone Recording) »
Defendant: HSBC Card Services, Inc.
California residents who received a call from or on behalf of HSBC Card Services Inc. between March 23, 2009 and May 1, 2012 that was monitored or recorded may be eligible for a share of the $13 million settlement.  The company reached a settlement over allegations of recording telephone calls… Claim Deadline is Monday, 28 August 2017.

Skeeter Snacks (Nut Free Products) »
Defendant: Skeeter Snacks
Consumers who bought certain Skeeter Snacks Nut Free products between July 1, 2013 and June 29, 2017 may be eligible for a full refund based on their purchase receipts or up to $3 cash. The company reached a settlement over allegations of falsely advertising the products as “All Natural” when… Claim Deadline is Monday, 28 August 2017.

ACE American Insurance Co. (TCPA) »
Defendant: ACE American Insurance Co.
Nationstar Mortgage or BB&T Bank current and former customers who received a telemarketing call from ACE American Insurance Co. to a number registered with the National Do Not Call Registry on or after October 16, 2013 may be eligible for a pro rata share of the $9.7 million settlement. The… Claim Deadline is Friday, 01 September 2017.

Rust-Oleum (Restore Products) »
Defendant: Rust-Oleum
Consumers who bought certain Restore Products between January 1, 2008 and October 20, 2016 may be eligible for reimbursement of the purchased product.  The company reached a settlement over allegations of selling defective products.
   Claim Deadline is Tuesday, 05 September 2017.

Direct Digital LLC (Instaflex Joint Support) »
Defendant: Direct Digital LLC
Consumers who bought Instaflex products may be eligible for $15 per bottle, with a maximum of seven bottles.  Consumers who paid for shipping and handling for a Instaflex sample trial and did not purchase Instaflex may be eligible for $5. The company reached a settlement over allegations of falsely advertising… Claim Deadline is Tuesday, 05 September 2017.

Dynamic Pet Products (Real Ham Bone For Dogs) »
Defendant: Dynamic Pet Products, LLC; Frick’s Meat Products, Inc. 
Consumers who bought Real Ham Bone For Dogs between January 1, 2011 and May 12, 2017 may be eligible for $3 per bone, with a maximum of ten products.  Consumers whose pets were injured or died from use of Real Ham Bone for Dogs between January 1, 2011 and May… Claim Deadline is Saturday, 09 September 2017.

SoulCycle (Gift Certificates) »
Defendant: SoulCycle
Consumers who bought SoulCycle Class between August 25, 2014 and February 10, 2017 that contained an expiration date and was unable to redeem the voucher due to the expiration date may be eligible for a new Class or $25 per expired class up to a total of $50 cash.   California… Claim Deadline is Monday, 11 September 2017.

Hain Celestial (JASON Natural Products) »
Defendant: Hain Celestial; JASON Natural Products
onsumers who bought certain JASON products from August 17, 2011 and June 2, 2017 may be eligible for $8 per product, with a maximum of five products, based on valid receipt submission. Class members without a valid receipt submission may be eligible for $2 per product, with a maximum of… Claim Deadline is Monday, 18 September 2017.

Wells Fargo Dealer Services, Inc. (TCPA) »
Defendant: Wells Fargo Dealer Services, Inc.
Consumers who received automated calls or unsolicited, automated text messages from Wells Fargo regarding automobile retail installment sale contracts between April 1, 2011 March 30, 2016 may be eligible for a pro rata share of the $14.8 million settlement. The company reached a settlement over allegations of violations of the… Claim Deadline is Wednesday, 20 September 2017.

← prev
123
next →
(32 actions)



View More…






Wells Fargo (Student Loans TCPA) »
Defendant: Wells Fargo
		
Consumers who received automated or prerecorded call or text on their cell phones from Wells Fargo regarding student loans between April 21, 2011 and December 19, 2015 may be eligible for a pro rata share of the $2 million settlement. The company reached a settlement over allegations of violations of the Telephone Consumer Protection Act. 
 
 Claim Deadline is Monday, 31 July 2017.
Tags/Keywords
telecom
×



Optical Disk Drive (Antitrust) »
Defendant: Panasonic; NEC; Sony; HLDS
		
Residents in certain states who bought a new computer with an ODD (DVD-RV, DVD-Rom, or COMBO drive) manufactured by Panasonic, NEC, Sony, and Hitachi-LG (“HLDS”) between April 1, 2003 and December 31, 2008 may be eligible for a cash payment.  The companies reached settlement over allegations of violating antitrust laws.
 Claim Deadline is Tuesday, 01 August 2017.
Tags/Keywords
overcharges
×



Harbor Freight (Advertising) »
Defendant: Harbor Freight
		
Consumers who purchased merchandise from Harbor Freight between April 8, 2011 and December 15, 2016 that was advertised with a higher suggested retail price next to a lower current price may be eligible for cash or gift card based on the amount they “saved” or spent on their purchases. The company reached a settlement over allegations of falsely advertising merchandise as being on sale when merchandise was not being sold at the higher suggested retail price for at least 28 of the last 90 days prior to purchase.
 Claim Deadline is Monday, 07 August 2017.
Tags/Keywords
false advertising
×



AT&T U-Verse (TCPA) »
Defendant: AT&T
		
Consumers who received automated calls to their cell phones regarding U-verse service and made a complaint regarding the call before November 18, 2015 may be eligible for a pro rata share of the $1.9 million settlement. The company reached a settlement over allegations of violations of the Telephone Consumer Protection Act.  
 Claim Deadline is Tuesday, 15 August 2017.
Tags/Keywords
telecom
×



New York Life (TCPA) »
Defendant: New York Life
		
Consumers who received automated calls or to a number registered with the National Do Not Call Registry from New York Life on or after May 13, 2012 may be eligible for a pro rata share of the $3.3 million settlement. The company reached a settlement over allegations of violations of the Telephone Consumer Protection Act.  
 Claim Deadline is Tuesday, 15 August 2017.
Tags/Keywords

×



Wild Planet (Tuna) »
Defendant: Wild Planet
		
Consumers who bought Wild Planet or Sustainable Seas’ can of tuna between November 5, 2011 and May 12, 2017 may be eligible for a pro rata share of $1.7 million settlement.  The company reached a settlement over allegations of under-filling the amount of tuna in its cans.
 Claim Deadline is Friday, 25 August 2017.
Tags/Keywords
false advertising
×



HSBC Card Services (Telephone Recording) »
Defendant: HSBC Card Services, Inc.
		
California residents who received a call from or on behalf of HSBC Card Services Inc. between March 23, 2009 and May 1, 2012 that was monitored or recorded may be eligible for a share of the $13 million settlement.  The company reached a settlement over allegations of recording telephone calls without notice or consent of California residents.
 Claim Deadline is Monday, 28 August 2017.
Tags/Keywords
privacy, telecom
×



Skeeter Snacks (Nut Free Products) »
Defendant: Skeeter Snacks
		
Consumers who bought certain Skeeter Snacks Nut Free products between July 1, 2013 and June 29, 2017 may be eligible for a full refund based on their purchase receipts or up to $3 cash. The company reached a settlement over allegations of falsely advertising the products as “All Natural” when not all the ingredients were natural.
 Claim Deadline is Monday, 28 August 2017.
Tags/Keywords
false advertising
×



ACE American Insurance Co. (TCPA) »
Defendant: ACE American Insurance Co.
		
Nationstar Mortgage or BB&T Bank current and former customers who received a telemarketing call from ACE American Insurance Co. to a number registered with the National Do Not Call Registry on or after October 16, 2013 may be eligible for a pro rata share of the $9.7 million settlement. The company reached a settlement over allegations of violations of the Telephone Consumer Protection Act.  
 Claim Deadline is Friday, 01 September 2017.
Tags/Keywords
telecom
×



Rust-Oleum (Restore Products) »
Defendant: Rust-Oleum
		
Consumers who bought certain Restore Products between January 1, 2008 and October 20, 2016 may be eligible for reimbursement of the purchased product.  The company reached a settlement over allegations of selling defective products.
 Claim Deadline is Tuesday, 05 September 2017.
Tags/Keywords
false advertising, product defects
×



Direct Digital LLC (Instaflex Joint Support) »
Defendant: Direct Digital LLC
		
Consumers who bought Instaflex products may be eligible for $15 per bottle, with a maximum of seven bottles.  Consumers who paid for shipping and handling for a Instaflex sample trial and did not purchase Instaflex may be eligible for $5. The company reached a settlement over allegations of falsely advertising Instaflex Joint Support products were “scientifically formulated” and clinically tested” to improve joint health. 
 Claim Deadline is Tuesday, 05 September 2017.
Tags/Keywords
false advertising
×



Dynamic Pet Products (Real Ham Bone For Dogs) »
Defendant: Dynamic Pet Products, LLC; Frick’s Meat Products, Inc. 
		
Consumers who bought Real Ham Bone For Dogs between January 1, 2011 and May 12, 2017 may be eligible for $3 per bone, with a maximum of ten products.  Consumers whose pets were injured or died from use of Real Ham Bone for Dogs between January 1, 2011 and May 12, 2017 may be eligible for up to $2,500 cash. The company reached a settlement over allegations of falsely advertising the bones as safe when the bones would splinter when chewed by dogs.
The case is Taylor, et al. v. Dynamic Pet Products, LLC, Case No. 1616-CV11531, in Circuit Court of Jackson County, Missouri at Independence.
 Claim Deadline is Saturday, 09 September 2017.
Tags/Keywords
false advertising, product safety
×



SoulCycle (Gift Certificates) »
Defendant: SoulCycle
		
Consumers who bought SoulCycle Class between August 25, 2014 and February 10, 2017 that contained an expiration date and was unable to redeem the voucher due to the expiration date may be eligible for a new Class or $25 per expired class up to a total of $50 cash.   California consumers who bought SoulCycle Class between February 1, 2012 and February 10, 2017 that contained an expiration date and was unable to redeem the voucher due to the expiration date may be eligible for a new Class or $25 per expired class up to a total of $50 cash.   The company reached a settlement over allegations of violation of gift card and gift certificate regulations.
 Claim Deadline is Monday, 11 September 2017.
Tags/Keywords

×



Hain Celestial (JASON Natural Products) »
Defendant: Hain Celestial; JASON Natural Products
		
onsumers who bought certain JASON products from August 17, 2011 and June 2, 2017 may be eligible for $8 per product, with a maximum of five products, based on valid receipt submission. Class members without a valid receipt submission may be eligible for $2 per product, with a maximum of five products. The company reached a settlement over allegations of falsely advertising that the products do not contain a chemical sodium lauryl sulfate.
 Claim Deadline is Monday, 18 September 2017.
Tags/Keywords
false advertising
×



Wells Fargo Dealer Services, Inc. (TCPA) »
Defendant: Wells Fargo Dealer Services, Inc.
		
Consumers who received automated calls or unsolicited, automated text messages from Wells Fargo regarding automobile retail installment sale contracts between April 1, 2011 March 30, 2016 may be eligible for a pro rata share of the $14.8 million settlement. The company reached a settlement over allegations of violations of the Telephone Consumer Protection Act.  
 Claim Deadline is Wednesday, 20 September 2017.
Tags/Keywords
financial services, telecom
×







Consumer Action
1170 Market Street, Suite 500
			San Francisco, CA 94102
			tel. (415) 777-9635
Consumer education and advocacy since 1971


Archives

Press Releases
Consumer Action News
Headline News


Archives (cont'd)

Events Archive
Publication Archive
Site Archive


Policies & Partners

Copyright Policy
Privacy Policy
Partners
Contact Us





	 











 



Class Action Rebates


























Toggle navigation


















CLAIM YOUR CLASS ACTIONSETTLEMENT MONEY TODAY
Find products you purchased
Fill out the claim form
Get your check in the mail











Varies
Flushmate Settlement“Exploding Toilet” Expires 09/18/17






Up to $50
Aveeno Active NaturalsPurchasers of ProductsExpires 04/04/2017






$30
Purchasers of TrueSteam Humidifiers Expires 11/06/2017






Up to $15
Purchasers of Instaflex Glucosamine Expires 07/01/2017











Get New Class Actions Via Email












 










Product
Estimate
Proof
Deadline





Colorado National Collection Systems FDCPA Class Action Settlement  Certain Individuals who received certain type of collection calls from National Credit Management during the qualified periodFile Claim >>
Unknown
Phone #
08/21/2017



Green Dot Prepaid Card Service Interruption Class Action Settlement  Certain Individuals who experienced service interruptions in their ability to use their prepaid card during the qualified periodFile Claim >>
Up to $100.00
Yes
12/02/2017



Neiman Marcus Data Breach Class Action Settlement Individuals who made a purchase using a credit card at Neiman Marcus during the qualified periodFile Claim >>
$100.00
Yes
01/17/2018



Skeeter All Natural Snacks Class Action Settlement Individuals who purchased Skeeter brand snacks marketed as all natural during the qualified periodFile Claim >>
$3.00
No
08/28/30/2017



MetLife Discrimination Class Action Settlement Certain individuals who identify as African American and may have experienced certain patterns of unfair or discriminatory treatment as disclosed in the notice during the qualified periodFile Claim >>
Varies
N/A
08/27/30/2017



Starion Variable Electricity Class Action Settlement Individuals in certain states that received their electricity service from Starion during the qualified periodFile Claim >>
Varies
yes
10/30/2017



Porsche Dashboard Glare Class Action Settlement Individuals who own or lease or have owned or leased certain Porsche brand vehicles manufactured during the qualified periodFile Claim >>
Varies
VIN
09/21/2017



Michael Foods Shell Eggs Direct Purchaser Class Action Settlement Individuals or organizations that purchased eggs or egg products from the defendants during the qualified periodFile Claim >>
Varies
Yes
10/09/2017



PHH Mortgage Forced-Placed Insurance Class Action Settlement Individuals who had a mortgage with PHH and were subject to forced-insurance during the qualified periodFile Claim >>
Varies
Yes
10/27/2017



Polaris and Rehabcare Junk Fax Class Action Settlement Individuals and corporate persons who received an unsolicited fax or several from the defendant during the qualified periodFile Claim >>
Varies
Fax #
09/07/2017



Sears Gift Card with under $10 balance Class Action Settlement (California Only)Individuals in California who were denied the ability to get a cash reimbursement for gift cards with less than $10 during the qualified periodFile Claim >>
$9.99
No
TBD



Wild Planet Foods Under-filled  Class Action SettlementIndividuals who purchased cans of Wild Planet Foods tuna during the qualified periodFile Claim >>
$29
No
08/25/2017



Amish Secret Wood Polish Class Action SettlementIndividuals in Missouri who purchased Amish Secret Handmade Wood Polish during the qualified periodFile Claim >>
up to $10
No
08/30/2017



SoulCycle Expired Gift Card Class Action SettlementIndividuals whose gift card balance was forfeited on a set expiration date during the qualified periodFile Claim >>
up to $50
No
09/11/2017



AT & T U-Verse TCPA Class Action SettlementAll subscribers to those wireless telephone numbers identified as having lodged a complaint prior to November 18, 2015, regarding receiving a communication from AT&T regarding an AT&T U- Verse account for which they were not the accountholderFile Claim >>
up to $250
Tel #
08/15/2017



JASON Natural Products Sodium Lauryl Sulfate Class Action SettlementYou are a class member if you purchased certain JASON products containing sodium lauryl sulfate  during the qualified periodFile Claim >>
up to $40
no
09/18/2017



Delano Farms Grape Workers Class Action SettlementYou are a class member if worked for Delano farms as a grape harvest worker in certain roles during the qualified periodFile Claim >>
Varies
yes
08/04/2017



Sirius XM Pre 1972 Recordings Class Action SettlementYou are a class member if Sirius played music for which you hold rights released before 1972File Claim >>
Varies
Yes
12/31/2017



USAA Sales Tax Class Action Settlement(Florida Only)You are a class member if you were insured under a Florida Automobile Insurance Policy issued by USAA that suffered one or more Total Losses to their vehicles during during the qualified periodFile Claim >>
Varies
Yes
11/23/2018



Aveeno Active Naturals Class Action SettlementYou are a class member if you purchased certain Aveeno Active Naturals products during the qualified periodFile Claim >>
Up to $50
No
04/04/2018



Chase Mortgaged Properties Class Action Settlement (New York Only)You are a class member if paid your loan in full to Chase for your property located in New York during the qualified period and did not receive a letter of satisfaction within 30 days File Claim >>
Up to $750
Yes
09/25/2017



Infiniti Q50 InTouch False Advertising Class Action SettlementYou are a class member if you purchased or leased a new 2014 Infiniti Q50 during the qualified periodFile Claim >>
Up to $1250
Yes
01/09/18



ACE American Insurance TCPA Class Action SettlementYou are a class member if you were in the do not call registry and you received a call during the qualified periodFile Claim >>
Varies
Tel #
09/01/17



Montecito Water District Class Action SettlementYou are a class member if you were a non-agricultural customer of the Montecito Water District during the qualified periodFile Claim >>
Varies
Yes
07/05/17



Aero Knife False Advertising Class Action SettlementYou are a class member if you purchased an Aero Knife during the qualified periodFile Claim >>
$5
no
07/12/17



Komet USA TCPA Junk Fax Class Action SettlementYou are a class member if you received an unsolicited/unauthorized sales fax from Komet USA during the qualified periodFile Claim >>
$90
Fax #
09/08/17



Wells Fargo Dealer TCPA Action SettlementYou are a class member if you received a call or text from Wells Fargo on your cell in connection with a car payment or a sales contract via an automatic dialer during the qualified periodFile Claim >>
$50
Cell #
09/20/17



Instaflex Glucosamine Class Action SettlementYou are a class member if you purchased or ordered free samples of Instaflex during the qualified periodFile Claim >>
$15
No
09/05/17



HSBC Unauthorized Call Recording Class Action Settlement (California Only)You are a class member if you called HSBC in California and your call was recorded without your authorization during the qualified periodFile Claim >>
Varies
Phone #
08/28/17



Amazon In-App Unauthorized Purchase Class Action SettlementYou are a member of the class  if your child under 18 made an unauthorized in-app purchase. during the qualified periodFile Claim >>
Full Refund
Yes
05/28/18



Staples Rewards Pro Rata Coupon Accounting Practices Class Action SettlementYou are a member of the class  if as Staples Rewards® member you [1] bought a Rewards-eligible product and a non-Rewards eligible product in the same transaction, [2] used an item-specific coupon on the non-Rewards eligible product, and [3] were negatively impacted by Staples’s pro rata coupon accounting. during the qualified periodFile Claim >>
$10.00
No
07/24/17



Real Time Resolutions TCPA Class Action SettlementYou are a member if you received unauthorized calls on your cell phone generated via robocalls during the qualified periodFile Claim >>
$25.00
No
08/23/17



Flushmate Class Action SettlementYou are a member if you own or owned certain toilets with Flushmate system during the qualified periodFile Claim >>
Varies
Yes
09/18/18



PennyMac Force-Placed Insurance Class Action SettlementYou are a member if you had force-placed insurance placed on your mortgage by PennyMac during the qualified periodFile Claim >>
Varies
Yes
07/23/17



TrueSTEAM humidifiers Class Action SettlementIndividuals who purchased TrueSTEAM humidifiers made by Honeywell during the qualified periodFile Claim >>
$30
Yes
11/06/17



Real Ham Bone Dog Treat Class Action SettlementIndividuals who purchased smoked real ham bone dog treats during the qualified periodFile Claim >>
Varies
No
09/09/17



Patriot Payment Bankcard TCPA Class Action SettlementIndividuals whose numbers were in the do not call registry and continued to receive robocalls from the defendant during the qualified periodFile Claim >>
$80
Tel
07/03/17



Wells Fargo Student Loan Calls TCPA Class Action SettlementCertain individuals who received robocalls regarding student loans from Wells Fargo during the qualified periodFile Claim >>
$20
Cell
07/31/17



Discover TCPA Class Action SettlementIndividuals who received unsolicited calls from Discover Home Loans during the qualified period while enrolled in the do not call listFile Claim >>
$25
Phone
07/24/17



WCA Waste Management Class Action SettlementAll individuals and entities in the United States which paid Defendants or Released Parties one or more of the Fees at any time within the applicable statutes of limitation for each claim through the date notice of this settlement is provided to such individuals and entities.File Claim >>
Varies
Yes
08/25/17



Vital Nutrients “Made in the USA” Class Action SettlementYou may be a class member if you purchased Vital Nutrients products during the qualified periodFile Claim >>
$6
No
11/27/17



Yapstone Data Breach Class Action SettlementYou may be a class member if certain personal information such a social security and passport number was exposed by Yapstone during the qualified periodFile Claim >>
monitoring
Yes
10/10/17



GateHouse Media Class Action SettlementYou are a member of the class if you subscribed to certain publications by GateHouse media and received premium add-ons during the qualified periodFile Claim >>
Varies
Yes
07/19/17



Roche Diagnostics TCPA Class Action SettlementYou are a member of the class if you are a pharmacy that received unauthorized faxes concerning the availability of goods and/or services from Roche Diagnostics during the qualified periodFile Claim >>
$500+
Fax#
07/17/17



The Body Shop FACTA Class Action SettlementYou are a member of the class if you made a purchase at a Body Shop in the U.S. and more than 5 digits of your credit card were displayed on the receipt during the qualified periodFile Claim >>
$12
No
07/12/17



Capacitors Antitrust Class Action SettlementYou are a member of the class if you purchased certain devices with capacitors during the qualified periodFile Claim >>
Varies
No
TBD



Nissan & Infiniti Transmission Defect Class Action SettlementYou are a member of the class if you own or lease or have owned or leased certain Nissan or Infiniti vehiclesFile Claim >>
Extended Guarantee
Yes
Varies



City of Grovetown GA, Water & Sewer Class Action SettlementYou are a member of the class if you had water and sewer service provided by the City of Grovetown GA during qualified periodFile Claim >>
$50
Yes
10/02/2017



We-Vibe Data Collection Class Action SettlementYou may be a member of the class if you purchased We-Vibe device during the qualified periodFile Claim >>
$100
Yes
7/20/2017



Gastite and Wardflex Class Action Settlement (Maryland Only)You may be a member of the class if your property was built using gastite or Wardflex products during the qualified periodFile Claim >>
Varies
Yes
03/15/2018



Seterus Force-Placed Insurance Class Action SettlementYou may be a member of the class if you were charged LPI insurance by several providers during the qualified periodFile Claim >>
Varies
Yes
TBD



Harbor Freight Sales Price Class Action SettlementYou may be a member of the class if you purchased certain products advertised as being on sale during the qualified periodFile Claim >>
Varies
No
08/07/2017



Bosch Diesel Emissions Software Class Action SettlementYou may be a member of the class if you purchased or leased an affected vehicle during the qualified periodFile Claim >>
Varies
Yes
08/15/2017



Kenmore Grill Defective Firebox Class Action SettlementYou may be a member if you purchased certain Kenmore grills during the qualified period.File Claim >>
$125
Yes
01/26/2018



KB Homes Weather Barrier Class Action Settlement North Carolina OnlyYou are a member of the class if during the qualified period you purchased a home in the affected subdivisionsFile Claim >>
$3,250+
Yes
TBD



Provigil Generic Delay Class Action SettlementYou are a member of the class if during the qualified period you purchased Provigil with our without insurance in certain statesFile Claim >>
Varies
No
06/25/2017



Watts Connectors Class Action SettlementYou are a member of the class if during the qualified period you owned a home with Watts FloodSafe and heater connectorsFile Claim >>
Varies
Yes
Varies



Toyota Rusty Frames Class Action SettlementYou are a member of the class you if you own or lease certain Toyota trucks affected by a defect in manufacturing that leads to premature rusting of the frameFile Claim >>
Varies
Yes
TBD



JCI-York International Defective Copper Evaporator Coil Class Action SettlementYou are a member of the class if you purchased certain air handlers or condensing units or standalone copper coils manufactured by the plaintiff during the qualified periodFile Claim >>
Up to $1100
Yes
Varies



Automotive Parts Price-Fixing Class Action SettlementCertain individuals in certain states who purchased or leased a car during qualified periodFile Claim >>
TBD
Yes
TBD



Michigan Hospitals Class Action SettlementCertain individuals who secured and paid for medical services at many Michigan hospitals during the qualified periodFile Claim >>
$40
Yes
TBD



New Hawaii Sea Restaurant Hepatitis Class Action SettlementIndividuals who received prophylactic vaccinations due to the hepatitis A scare during the qualified periodFile Claim >>
Varies
Yes
12/16/2017



Electrolux Dryers Class Action SettlementOwners of certain dryers that have caught fire due to a manufacturing defect. Brands included are Frigidaire,White Westinghouse, Kelvinator, Gibson, Tappan, Crosley, KenmoreFile Claim >>
Varies
Yes
12/31/2022



Monarch Decking 20-year Warranty  Class Action SettlementIndividuals who purchased certain Monarch Brand Decking during the qualified periodFile Claim >>
Varies
Yes
12/22/17



McAfee Subscription Renewal Class Action SettlementCertain individuals who purchased subscriptions to McAfee and whose subscriptions were auto-renewed or otherwise received a discount while renewing the subscription manually during the qualified periodFile Claim >>
$11.50
Yes
12/23/2017



KB Homes Construction Defect Class Action Settlement (Florida Only)Owners of certain homes built by KB Homes during the qualified periodFile Claim >>
Repairs
Yes
08/10/17



Equifax FCRA Class Action SettlementCertain individuals whose credit reports reflected disclosures containing public records during the qualified periodFile Claim >>
Credit Monitoring
N/A
TBD



Similasan Class Action SettlementIndividuals who purchased certain Similasan brand products during the qualified periodFile Claim >>
$10
No
07/08/17



CRT Reseller Antitrust Class Action Settlement Individuals who purchased electronics featuring cathode ray tubes for resale during the qualified periodFile Claim >>
Varies
No
Varies



Volkswagen Audi Emissions Fraud Class Action Settlement Individuals whose vehicles are included in the VW Audi emissions scandalFile Claim >>
Up to $5100
Yes
Varies



Lithium Ion Batteries Antitrust Class Action Settlement Individuals who purchased battery operated devices with a lithium ion battery during the qualified periodFile Claim >>
Varies
TBD
TBD



Mitsubishi LaserVue TV Class Action SettlementIndividuals who purchased certain models of Mitsubishi LaserVue TVs for private use during the qualified periodFile Claim >>
Varies
Yes
Varies



Dodge Durango & Jeep Grand Cherokee Class Action SettlementCurrent and former owners or lessees of  2011, 2012, and/or 2013 Dodge Durangos or Jeeps Grand CherokeesFile Claim >>
Varies
Yes
None



Uponor Brass Pipe Fittings Class Action SettlementIndividuals who own or owned buildings in the United States built starting Jan 2002 whose buildings have Uponor Brass Pipe FittingsFile Claim >>
up to $150,000
Yes
Varies



CertainTeed Fiber Cement Siding Class Action  Covers CertainTeed brand cement siding that suffered premature deterioration.File Claim >>
$7,000
Photos
1/1/20




 


When a company settles a class action lawsuit for a product you have purchased, you will often be eligible for a cash payment as compensation.  But, to get your compensation payment, you need to make sure you are filing claim forms for the settlements.  Here’s how:
Step 1: Find Products You Purchased
First you need to find open settlements for products you may have purchased.  Take Look at our list of open class action settlements.
When deciding whether to file a claim, look at what the estimated payout will be, and whether you need a proof of purchase.  For some of the settlements the payouts are too small to be worth bothering.  Additionally, some settlements have proof of purchase requirements.  While most settlements require no proof of purchase, others have unreasonable requirements such as needing a receipt from a purchase made 5 years ago, and if you don’t have the receipt you should not bother filing.
Step 2: Fill out the claim form
Once you have found settlements for which you are eligible, click through to the settlement claim form.  Fill out the online claim form, which will usually require you to enter your name and address as well as the number of products you purchased, and then submit your claim.
If you are confused regarding the eligibility for the settlement of the conditions of the settlement, you can often find more information in the “Frequently Asked Questions” section of the settlement website.
Step Three: Get your Check in the Mail
Once your claim has been approved, your claim check will be mailed out to you at the address you provided.  Most claims checks are mailed 1-2 months after the claims period closes.
And don’t forget to subscribe to our monthly newsletter, so we can send you new class action settlement opportunities as they arise.



Comments are closed.












Polyfoam Antitrust Class Action Settlement | Class Action Rebates



























Toggle navigation














    Polyfoam Antitrust Class Action Settlement  



Class Eligibility


You are a member of the class if you purchased upholstered furniture, mattress toppers, pillows or carpet underlay containing flexible polyurethane manufactured in the United States during the period beginning in January 1999 to August 1, 2015 in the following states: 

Alabama
Arizona
California
Colorado
Florida
Hawaii
Illinois
Iowa
Kansas
Maine
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Oregon
Rhode Island
South Dakota
Tennessee
West Virginia
Wisconsin
District of Columbia





Estimated Amount


$100
Please note that the court has not yet decided on the allocation model




Proof of Purchase


No




Claim Form


Polyfoam Antitrust Claim Form.




Case Name


In re Polyurethane Foam Antitrust Litigation,0-MD-2196, MDL No. 2196United States District Court for the Northern District of Ohio  




Case Summary


The plaintiffs allege in the lawsuit that certain manufacturers of flexible polyurethane foam, which is used in upholstered furniture, carpet underlay (also called carpet padding or carpet cushion), and bedding (for example, mattresses, mattress toppers, or pillows) conspired to raise the prices of flexible polyurethane foam. Plaintiffs contend that Defendants’ actions violated numerous States’ antitrust and consumer protection laws. 




Settlement Pool


$151,250,000




Settlement Website


Polyfoam Antitrust Class Action Settlement




Deadline


02/29/2016




Contact


  In re: Polyurethane Foam Antitrust Litigation
c/o A.B. Data, Ltd.
P.O. Box 170500
Milwaukee, WI 53217 
info@PolyFoamClassAction.com 


  



		134 responses to “Polyfoam Antitrust Class Action Settlement”	








Janelle Reichardt says: 

			October 7, 2015 at 7:06 pm 
Would like more info.
Reply





anthony ambrose says: 

			October 8, 2015 at 1:10 am 
bought 4 mattress toppers for my bedrooms in 2005
Reply





Doug Depue says: 

			October 8, 2015 at 2:34 am 
We purchased furniture during the dates listed, how do we go about filing a claim ???
ADMIN – Hi Doug,
You file a claim by clicking on the orange link and completing the claim form.
Reply





paul hickman says: 

			October 8, 2015 at 3:40 am 
I bought furniture in  Nashville, Tennessee and brought to Indiana with me…am I still entitled to fill out this claim…
ADMIN- Hi Paul,
Yes you are entitled. 
Reply





Evette Bell says: 

			October 8, 2015 at 9:51 am 
I did purchased several of these products during this time
Reply





Chris hedblom says: 

			October 8, 2015 at 4:58 pm 
Please send claim form. I attempted to file online by was unable to submit for some reason. I purchased 4pillows and mattress topper in this time frame.please help. 
ADMIN – Hi Chris,
There is an option for a paper form on the website. 
Reply





Jill says: 

			October 8, 2015 at 5:28 pm 
I bought Memory Foam Mattress Toppers in 2014 will I be ale to file a claim?
ADMIN – Hi Jill,
Refer to the section titled: “Class Eligibility” 
Reply





marjorie thomason says: 

			October 8, 2015 at 7:56 pm 
I purchased a gel memory foam mattress topper through EBAY (California).
the Beautyrest foam topper was listed on EBAY by seller –Overstock.com, market partner EB, Inc.
I live in Missouri.  Can I file a claim?
Also, the claim form says any claim over $100 requires verification (I have my Paypal receipt).  How do I file a claim without having to furnish proof of purchase?
thank you
ADMIN – Hi Marjorie,
Yes you may file a claim and verification applies for purchases over $100,000 not $100.00 
Reply





WAYNE COLLINS says: 

			May 9, 2017 at 8:05 pm 
I am inquiring about claim # 27894445 submitted by All Saints Episcopal School.
Please advise the status of this claim.
Thank you.
Wayne Collins
ADMIN – Hi Wayne,
I have heard this settlement will be paid mid summer.
Reply







Craig says: 

			October 9, 2015 at 1:33 pm 
I had carpet installed along the entire basement of my residence.  In addition, we purchased a love seat, sofa and new mattress for our master bedroom during that time period.  Since then, we’ve divorced and I no longer own the love seat, sofa or mattress, but, I paid for such items intially in 2005.   
Bottom-line, I have no idea whether or not any of these products contain polyfoam.  Can I still file a claim?  I want to ensure I cannot be penalized if I truly do not know if polyfoam is in these items.
ADMIN – HI Craig,
Generally speaking all upholstered furniture and all carpet underlayment contains polyurethane foam.
Reply





Stephanie says: 

			December 13, 2015 at 9:30 am 
You just don’t know what u purchase anymore.  How can I yell.
Reply







Steven Green says: 

			October 10, 2015 at 5:58 am 
I have purchased several  pillows and mattress toppers in that time frame for my entire famly.
Reply





Marlene Crum says: 

			October 10, 2015 at 6:59 pm 
I bought the carpet and carpet padding and furniture
Reply





Gerald R. says: 

			October 11, 2015 at 2:08 am 
I would have notice price fixing had it not been brought to my attention.  Thank God for consumer watchdogs.
Reply





phyllis storey says: 

			October 11, 2015 at 3:40 pm 
Hi I bought. Three mattresses. In 2013. I hop u guys can give me a refund.    Thank.  You. .
ADMIN – Hi Phyllis,
Fantastic! We can’t give you a refund but if you are in a qualifying state all you need to do is file a claim using the link provided. 
Reply





jared says: 

			February 4, 2016 at 8:33 pm 
Reading this every couple of months makes me laugh.  These comments are one of the funniest things online today.  Oh, and admin, can you send me a refund too?  I understand that you run a great site that includes very clear instructions for people to file claims and have nothing to do with the claims themselves, but I purchased some stuff, so send me a check please.
ADMIN – Hi Jared,
Please visit us more often to enjoy the comments of our dear visitors. Would love to send you checks but as you probably know I make no money from this project so there is no money to be sent. If on the other hand you want to send a little donation to keep us going you can always paypal us a little gift! 
Reply





jared says: 

			March 15, 2016 at 9:04 pm 
Not a bad idea, a donate button on the main page would be a great addition to your website.  Keep up the good work!
ADMIN – Hi Jared,
Thank you for your support! 
Reply









mili says: 

			October 12, 2015 at 8:05 pm 
Hi
we bought vinyl leather sofa and mattress from sam’s are we eligible?
ADMIN – Hi Mili,
If you are in one of the qualifying states you may go ahead and file.
Reply





Lori Hudson says: 

			October 13, 2015 at 4:41 am 
We bought 3 rooms of carpet and padding when we lived in NY
Reply





DianaJensen says: 

			October 21, 2015 at 10:04 pm 
i purchased mattress and pillows and bedfoam from home shopping network on dec 200 was delivered to my home .i want to file a claim form. can i please  get one .to fill out . thank-you DianaJensen
ADMIN – Hi Diana,
Please use the digital form provided by the settlement admin. 
Reply





Dc says: 

			November 3, 2015 at 3:10 am 
Hi, I bought a couch and three recliners in NYC a couple of years ago. How do I know whether they contain this polyurethane stuff? I don’t know if I can file or not
ADMIN – Hi Dc,
Unless your furniture is from a company that focuses on natural/organic furniture your stuff does have poly foam. Go ahead and file.
Reply





Marie Hastings says: 

			November 14, 2015 at 9:31 am 
Purchased sofa from Sofas Etc in Ventura in 2010.
Reply





janice litchfield says: 

			November 15, 2015 at 12:37 am 
bought 8 mattress toppers for Christmas gifts for family in 2014
Reply





Janet Corbett says: 

			November 21, 2015 at 4:32 pm 
I purchased 4 mattress toppers.
Reply





Kevin says: 

			November 28, 2015 at 4:33 am 
It says no verification for under $100,000 but they are asking us for our ssocial security number.  Why is that? Wouldn’t that be considered as verification?
ADMIN – Hi Kevin,
Your social security does not verify a purchase. Your social security is used to identify you as an individual. 
Reply





Elizabeth Williams Johnson says: 

			December 1, 2015 at 12:02 am 
I purchased pillows for all 3 of my bedrooms.
Reply





Christine Moreno says: 

			December 1, 2015 at 3:57 pm 
I purchased 3 mattress toppers and 6 pillows
Reply





Candace Prevost says: 

			December 5, 2015 at 8:42 pm 
I purchased 4 pillows and 1 mattress topper for my daughters bedroom, this is very disappointing.
Reply





Brenda Holmes says: 

			December 6, 2015 at 1:39 pm 
I did purchased carpet padding, mattress, and pillows . [email removed]
ADMIN – Hi Brenda,
If you believe you qualify for this settlement please file a claim. Leaving your email in a comment does not constitute filing. 
Reply





jared says: 

			February 4, 2016 at 8:34 pm 
if I just leave my address, can you send me a check, thanks
ADMIN – Hi Jared,
No. To get checks for the settlements you must first check if you are a member of the class then file and submit. 
Reply







Ellen Jones says: 

			December 9, 2015 at 2:25 am 
I have purchased 1 couch, 2 chairs with ottomans, 1 recliner, and replaced 4 beds twice during this time frame. and bought a futon. What type of rebate, return, refund? are discussing for the settlement, and do they have an amount in mind, or is it too early yet in proceedings? How will the participants be notified? Thank You, Ellen Jones
ADMIN – Hi Ellen,
Just go ahead and file. It will take a long time before we know the amounts but you should get a little something. 
Reply





Howard Williams Jr. says: 

			December 9, 2015 at 1:46 pm 
I qualify
Reply





Anon says: 

			December 11, 2015 at 11:23 pm 
Social Security to give out though or EIN?? thats always way too much for a rebate for me.
Reply





Hermione says: 

			January 27, 2016 at 12:08 pm 
Yes, I’m not comfortable  with  that “just for identification “.
Reply





jared says: 

			February 4, 2016 at 8:35 pm 
good, higher amounts for those who file correctly
Reply







Des says: 

			February 9, 2016 at 10:01 pm 
You realize it’s not a rebate it’s a clas action lawsuit. Lol
Reply







R.Weathersby says: 

			December 13, 2015 at 7:05 pm 
I submitted my claim a few weeks ago. How do I know it has been received? Do you sent out emails?
ADMIN – Hi R,
We don’t send anything as we are not the class action administrator. You can contact the class action administrator using the information we have provided on the main settlement page to ask if they have received your settlement.
Reply





Allen Payne says: 

			December 15, 2015 at 8:18 pm 
If we give you are social security number does that mean we will half to pay taxes on this settlement refund ?
ADMIN – Hi Allen,
Yes, my guess is that the settlement will be quite large and you will have to pay taxes
Reply





Barbara Hays says: 

			December 16, 2015 at 2:19 pm 
i bought two pillows and mattress
Reply





Anonymous says: 

			December 16, 2015 at 5:57 pm 
I purchased several sofa, mattress and other qualifying items online from companies in states that are part of the class action. The items were delivered to my home in Louisiana, which is not a state covered in the class action.
Do these items count?
ADMIN – Hi Anonymous,
If you can prove that you made the purchase in a qualifying state you can submit.
Reply





Hasna says: 

			December 18, 2015 at 10:33 pm 
Hi, i purchased a sofa and mattress in new jersey do i am qualifing in this stat or no!
ADMIN – HI Hasna,
Per the terms of the settlement New Jersey is not included. 
Reply





nakeysha bates says: 

			December 18, 2015 at 10:46 pm 
I bought 4 pillows and a mattress
Reply





mary loredo says: 

			December 22, 2015 at 1:55 pm 
i bought 4pillows and a mattress
Reply





Margie Brown says: 

			December 30, 2015 at 3:39 am 
I bought a couch and bed pillows in 2014
Reply





DALE LANG says: 

			January 1, 2016 at 6:30 am 
Wow, could these products make people sick? I and my wife were around polyform product at work and at home, being that they were one and the same.💀🙉🙊🙈
Reply





Danny Google says: 

			March 13, 2016 at 2:41 am 
I divorced my wife because I thought she was making me sick. Then I realized that she bought the furniture. So, I guess it all ends up well in the end.
Reply







Cui Wu says: 

			January 2, 2016 at 9:56 pm 
Bought 2 mattresses and a couch.
Reply





jared says: 

			February 4, 2016 at 8:36 pm 
good to hear
Reply







Brenton mcvay says: 

			January 6, 2016 at 3:15 pm 
How to resubmit my claim  I found some more repeats
ADMIN – Hi Brenton,
You can contact the class action administrator using the information we provide at the bottom of this page and ask if you can resubmit. 
Reply





Gaelle says: 

			January 6, 2016 at 7:05 pm 
I bought 2 mattresses and 2 pillow toppers in July of 2012.
Reply





Anthony white says: 

			January 8, 2016 at 10:26 pm 
Bought toppers in 2012
Reply





Vicki says: 

			January 9, 2016 at 6:29 am 
I also made purchases of a few of these items.
Reply





Ari says: 

			January 10, 2016 at 8:35 pm 
I purchased $7,000 in furniture containing polyurethanefoam in 2013. I also have my purchase receipt. will I receive my full purchase amount?  if so, how long is the expected time to receive a refund?
ADMIN – Hi Ari,
No you will not receive full purchase amount. On settlements for price fixing you generally don’t receive a full refund. Instead you receive a pro-rata share of the pool based on the dollar amount submitted. 
Reply





Kelly says: 

			January 12, 2016 at 1:45 am 
How do I know if the foam was manufactured in the U.S.?
ADMIN – Hi Kelly,
If the tag on your product reads Made in the USA your foam is likely made in the USA.
Reply





Ella Morgan says: 

			January 13, 2016 at 12:50 am 
I purchased 3 memory toppers, three mattress’s & a couch
ADMIN – Hi Ella,
Thanks for telling us about your purchase. Now go to the proper link click on it and file your claim.
Reply





Ella Morgan says: 

			January 13, 2016 at 12:55 am 
What is moderation?
ADMIN – Hi Ella,
Moderation is a process by which all comments are reviewed prior to appearing on the website. 
Reply







nathaniel godwin says: 

			January 16, 2016 at 5:00 pm 
I have purchased 3 mattress,s and a couch and recliner.
Reply





Stephanie Jones says: 

			January 17, 2016 at 2:02 am 
How can you be proud to put your name on this product.
ADMIN – Hi Stephanie,
This settlement has nothing to do with product performance nor does it apply to a single manufacturer. It is about price fixing. Please refer to the long notice to fully understand the nature of this case. 
Reply





T.H. says: 

			January 22, 2016 at 7:56 pm 
Hello, the Claim Form link is NOT working. Please fix the link so I can submit my claim. Thank you.
ADMIN – Hi T.H,
I just tested the form and it appears to be working. 
Reply





a.burgess says: 

			January 25, 2016 at 6:06 pm 
I have purchased several  items on each settlement over the fifteen year period , Is live video or photos attachments considered proof of purchase ? ? ?
ADMIN – Hi A,
I don’t think so. Thankfully you can claim without.
Reply





MB says: 

			January 25, 2016 at 8:21 pm 
I bought a sofa, loveseat and mattress in FL back in 2010 and moved to GA and still have my furniture. Am I still eligible
ADMIN – Hi MB, 
Yes
Reply





Shanda Barlow says: 

			January 26, 2016 at 7:26 pm 
I purchased matress toppers for all four of my beds and 8 pillows
Reply





Christine says: 

			January 27, 2016 at 7:08 pm 
How come NJ is not included in this class action?
ADMIN – Hi Christine,
Because NJ was not engaged in antitrust practices. 
Reply





Ari says: 

			January 28, 2016 at 6:24 pm 
I submitted two separate  claims   however I only have the receipt to one   would this cause a issue? I made two  furniture  purchases in california in 2013.
ADMIN – Hi Ari,
Please contact the class action admin directly with your inquiry. 
Reply





Paula byrd says: 

			February 2, 2016 at 1:20 am 
my husband and I purchased a sectional sofa from a furniture dealer in our town, we paid 1800.00 for it, we had it for about 6-8 months when we noticed the filling in the recliner was falling out, I contacted the dealer several times but they never did any thing. we cannot afford another sofa and it is only my husband and I living here. the sofa has not been rough housed on ,but the yellow filling has come out of one of the recliners.can we be helped?
ADMIN – Hi Paula,
You can’t be helped via this settlement. This settlement addresses price fixing and not necessarily quality concerns. 
Reply





Lucy says: 

			February 2, 2016 at 12:49 pm 
What about the foam in padded bra’s.
ADMIN – Hi Lucy,
Bras are not included in this settlement. 
Reply





Maymay says: 

			February 4, 2016 at 3:17 pm 
We are military family and lived in several of the states. We purchased a lot of stuff with foam. We had kids go to college we had to buy pillows, mattress, comforts. Sometimes when we move we brought, sofas, recliner chairs, mattress, misc. Can we file a claim for each states we live in. We do have some receipts.
ADMIN – Hi Maymay,
If you have receipts you can certainly file your claims.
Reply





Stacy Schwartz says: 

			February 5, 2016 at 2:15 am 
Yes, I made 6 purchases for each bed in our household during that length of time and 2  additional recently for memory foam. 
Stacy Schwartz
ADMIN – Hi Stacy,
Please consider filing a claim.
Reply





Edwin Galestian says: 

			February 5, 2016 at 8:26 am 
Purchae was made!
Reply





melanie henry says: 

			February 8, 2016 at 7:32 pm 
purchased two of those type pillows
Reply





kevin f says: 

			February 10, 2016 at 2:13 pm 
Is the amount you receive taxable?.—Can you file a claim for someone who has passed?.
ADMIN – Hi Kevin,
Yes it is taxable. I am uncertain if you can file a claim on behalf of a estate but I encourage you to contact the administrator with your question.
Reply





kevin f says: 

			February 11, 2016 at 4:04 pm 
I thought on the claim form-it states that the IRS said this is not taxable?.
ADMIN – Hi Kevin,
I reached out to the admin to try to get more info. However, generally speaking settlements are taxable. Take a look at this nifty read from Intuit:
https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1955014-is-a-distribution-from-a-class-action-suit-settlement-taxable
Reply





Gina G says: 

			February 13, 2016 at 7:03 am 
Are Tempurpedic Mattresses included in this action?
ADMIN – Hi Gina,
I think so but it would be best to check with the administrator.
Reply





Tami B. says: 

			February 16, 2016 at 1:34 am 
Do Futon Mattresses qualify?
Mattresses from Ikea?
ADMIN – Hi Tami,
The furniture must be made in the U.S.
Reply





Andrea says: 

			February 16, 2016 at 6:49 am 
Would like more info please as I have purchased many furniture items between 2009-2015
ADMIN – Hi Andrea,
For additional information go to the settlement page and read the long notice.
Reply





Chip W says: 

			February 19, 2016 at 4:47 pm 
Do I really have to give out my social security number for a claim?
ADMIN – HI Chip,
Per the terms of the settlement that is correct. 
Reply





Peggy Posey says: 

			February 24, 2016 at 3:20 am 
Purchases were made.
Reply





Cynthia M. rhodes says: 

			February 24, 2016 at 4:49 pm 
Include please
ADMIN – Hi Cynthia,
If you believe you are a member of the class you must file a claim using the link provided. 
Reply





jon says: 

			February 25, 2016 at 5:18 pm 
I spent a bunch of money on all these products
Reply





Sherry says: 

			February 26, 2016 at 11:17 pm 
I have spent money on carpet and would like claim
Reply





Vivian Lee says: 

			February 29, 2016 at 1:45 am 
I purchased a mattress topper.
Reply





Cynthia O. says: 

			March 1, 2016 at 8:14 pm 
When will the settlement proceeds be disbursed?
ADMIN – Hi Cynthia,
First we have to wait for the deadline, then we wait until all appeals clear. 
Reply





Sandra says: 

			March 1, 2016 at 8:14 pm 
When are we getting the check??? Are the checks been mailed out???
ADMIN – Hi Sandra,
Not yet. The settlement has not closed. 
Reply





Ann Lefkowitz says: 

			March 2, 2016 at 11:24 pm 
Thank you for your information.  I look forward to hearing from you,
Reply





Dexter Gardner says: 

			March 3, 2016 at 3:17 am 
I purchased a mattress topper from this company.
Reply





charnese says: 

			March 4, 2016 at 7:04 am 
Is the status of the settlement known? The closing date was feb 29 im just confused as to how long after settlement closing date will disbursement begin?
ADMIN – Hi Charnese,
It normally takes a few months or even years before payments are issued. 
Reply





Umpa Lumpa says: 

			March 6, 2016 at 7:08 am 
Formula will most likely look like this based on the recent posted court document:
Example:
$1000 goss cost of item
75% value = $750 now consider the pro rate formula based on the full number of claims and gross value of claims and it is estimated that the amount one will get is about 6.9% or so but this can range from 20% not likely to below 10%. So on the case of 6.9% the take home check amount will be a measly $51.75 which you can use to buy some pampers for the overfed potty pooper. Makes one wish we had pursued law school in hopes of one day hoarding on a case like this riding the coat tails of the gross lawyer 35% take on the full case value. I hope they spill fine wine on their lavish foamy lux bed set. Time for me to go back to willy wonka for more sugar patties…
ADMIN – Hi Umpa,
You can still go to law school. You would make a fine lawyer. 
Reply





Kathleen Mangelsdorf says: 

			March 8, 2016 at 4:34 pm 
Recliner, chairs, $2000.00 mattress set, pillows  The list goes on.
ADMIN – HI Karen,
Have you filed your claim? 
Reply





Mattutt says: 

			March 10, 2016 at 12:05 am 
Hello- The form requests my SSN, which I’m not comfortable giving out without know more about who is getting it or how it will be used. Can I submit without it or is there another way to verify the needed info?
Thanks,
Matt
ADMIN – Hi Mattutt,
The social security number requirement is to avoid fraud and duplication. I don’t believe there is an alternative. Your social security will be in the hands of the class action administrator. 
Reply





john says: 

			March 14, 2016 at 10:52 pm 
Would this also include memory form?
I have some memory products. But not sure if that counts.
ADMIN – Hi John,
I don’t believe memory foam is made of polyurethane. 
Reply





Nancy says: 

			March 24, 2016 at 10:49 pm 
I actually have some of these furniture items and mattresses. I would like to replace them, but waiting for the claim payments to be sent in case I need to prove I purchased them. I thought claims had to filed by the end of February 2106. Has this closed?  Any word on disbursements? Thank you so much.
ADMIN – Hi Nancy,
This settlement has closed.
Reply





Chadd Weber says: 

			March 24, 2016 at 11:46 pm 
Has anyone heard anything further about this case?
Reply





lou says: 

			March 30, 2016 at 10:17 pm 
No, still waiting on the appeals if any…If you hear anything let us know.
ADMIN – Hi Lou,
I will let you know as soon as I hear something. 
Reply







Allen Payne says: 

			March 28, 2016 at 12:51 pm 
If the settlement had closed why is the claim web site still accepting claims as of 03/28/2016. ?
ADMIN – Hi Allen,
Most likely because the admin failed to turn off the form. You still have to adhere to the terms which indicate that the claim must be submitted online or postmarked by the deadline. 
Reply





K Edwards says: 

			March 29, 2016 at 3:00 pm 
I purchased a mattress topper 4 or 5 years ago. I didnt know about a claim/ settlement. I would like to fill out a form. Thanks
ADMIN – Hi K. Edwards,
The last day to file was February 29. 
Reply





lou says: 

			March 30, 2016 at 10:11 pm 
ok
Reply





R. Johnston says: 

			March 31, 2016 at 8:38 pm 
I sent my claim in on 9/10/15, when can I expect a check from the settlement.
ADMIN – Hi R,
We don’t have any updates on this one. As soon as I hear something I will post it on our Facebook page. 
Reply





Russell Voice says: 

			April 6, 2016 at 4:29 am 
I purchased  4 Lane big man’s recliners from authorized distributors and one no name unit from now defunct ALCO can you provide a phone number my POA caregiver does not have a computer
ADMIN – Hi Russell,
This settlement is no longer available. The deadline has passed. 
Reply





Willie says: 

			April 11, 2016 at 4:25 pm 
When will checks be mailed out?
ADMIN – Hi Willie,
I have not received updates for this one. My best guess is that we will see money before the year is over. 
Reply





Kate says: 

			April 11, 2016 at 7:42 pm 
Are they doing any appeals?  If not, do you have a date for disbursement?
ADMIN – Hi Kate,
When we hear something about this claim we will post it on our Facebook page. 
Reply





Kate says: 

			April 12, 2016 at 9:37 pm 
Please post here.  I don’t use Facebook.
ADMIN – Hi Kate,
To keep the page simple and user-friendly I don’t post updates here. 
Reply





Nancy says: 

			April 13, 2016 at 5:14 pm 
@Kate. It appears that you can still view their Facebook page even if you do not have an Facebook account. I am able to view their page and do not have a Facebook account. Hope this helps.
Reply







John M Sheehan says: 

			April 13, 2016 at 8:19 pm 
Would like more information
ADMIN -Hi John,
The deadline has passed.
Reply





Allen Payne says: 

			April 14, 2016 at 9:08 pm 
Web site is still accepting claims as of 4-14-2016
Reply





Allen Payne says: 

			May 10, 2016 at 4:15 pm 
No refund yet ?
Reply





Kendall Summers says: 

			February 12, 2017 at 1:21 am 
Any updates?
ADMIN – Hi Kendall,
None at the moment. 
Reply





Roger Wallace says: 

			February 13, 2017 at 7:11 am 
Is there any expected time frame for this to be settled?  When might participants be notified of any activity?
ADMIN – Hi Roger,
Not at the moment.
Reply





j says: 

			February 15, 2017 at 9:50 pm 
still no refund? this is bull. bought plenty of things with poly in them
Reply





RENE says: 

			March 7, 2017 at 12:27 am 
Checks mailed Summer 2017 instead of spring 2017.
Reply





R.L.J. says: 

			March 12, 2017 at 9:00 pm 
At what time will the checks be mailed out to the people of the poly foam suit.
ADMIN – HI RL, 
At the moment we don’t have an update. 
Reply





Dominique Clay says: 

			March 17, 2017 at 11:00 pm 
What is the status of the settlements?
ADMIN – Hi Dominique,
We don’t have a new update.
Reply





IZOLA TAYLOR says: 

			March 20, 2017 at 5:08 pm 
I called and got a recording that said because of high call volume  you can’t talk to anyone. It says leave your callback information,  but no one called back. Would like to know when settlement checks will be  received
ADMIN – Hi Izola,
At the moment we do not have any updates. 
Reply





RENE says: 

			March 25, 2017 at 12:05 am 
Checks will be mailed Summer 2017 instead of Spring 2017
Reply







yale moslowitz says: 

			April 2, 2017 at 10:21 am 
april 2017 when do the checks get mailed???
ADMIN – Hi Yale,
It make take another year before we see any monies.
Reply





Bonnie says: 

			April 9, 2017 at 3:26 am 
Why will it take another year before $$ is disbursed?  We sent in the claims on time…just curious why this is taking so long.
ADMIN – Hi Bonnie,
There are many legal complexities related to compliance when it comes to settlement distribution. 
Reply







IZOLA TAYLOR says: 

			April 24, 2017 at 3:00 pm 
What is the percentage   or about how much will the checks be?
ADMIN – Hi Izola,
This settlement is not yet to the point where there is a determination of the amount. 
Reply





N Roles says: 

			April 28, 2017 at 12:16 pm 
I filed a change of address with them this week. As part of their response they noted, “At this point we don’t anticipate distribution to occur until the mid-summer of 2017 at the earliest.” (direct copy and paste from email)
Hope this info helps.
Reply





MIA says: 

			May 2, 2017 at 7:36 pm 
This is soo strange because I received an email from the fund administrator advising that distribution will occur sometime this summer, never do they say in a year. I really don’t know who to believe anymore.
ADMIN – Hi Mia,
Feel free to send your email to us so we can check and see if it is the real thing. You can send it to questions@classactionrebates.com
Reply





Cynthia O. says: 

			May 9, 2017 at 4:49 am 
Is there any update regarding the distribution time frame?
ADMIN – Hi Cynthia,
For some reason I recall reading first quarter of 2018
Reply





Tiffany says: 

			May 10, 2017 at 7:11 pm 
I was told by the administrator that they expect distribution no sooner that mid summer 2017 into early fall 2017, however, on one of the websites for this class action stated that some checks went out spring of 2016.
http://www.flexiblepolyurethanefoamsettlement.com
This is what it said:  Distribution
Settlement checks related to the Vitafoam, Carpenter, Leggett & Platt, FFP, FXI, Future Foam, Hickory Springs, Mohawk, and Woodbridge Settlements were mailed on June 17, 2016. These checks were mailed following the Court’s Order approving distribution of Settlement funds, which is available for viewing under the “Court Documents” section of this website.
On March 31, 2017, a second settlement payment was mailed to eligible Class Members. This payment represents funds received from Hickory Springs and Woodbridge since the initial distribution in June 2016.
ADMIN – Hi Tiffany,
When did you contact the admin for the settlement? Usually the best is to reach out in writing via email so you can get a written reply and see if they match.
Reply





Tiffany says: 

			May 23, 2017 at 5:59 pm 
I emailed a couple of weeks ago and was told that there was no definite time of distribution but would likely no sooner than mid summer 2017.  The other information I posted was directly from a website.  Hopefully they will distribute in June.  That would be great!!
Reply







J.R. says: 

			May 16, 2017 at 11:11 pm 
Hi there, Several people called late last week and they were advised that checks will be going out next month (June 2017).  No other information was provided.
ADMIN – Hi JR,
I heard similar info from other community members. 
Reply





MN612 says: 

			May 20, 2017 at 10:20 pm 
IS there any clarification on the allocation plan?  or anticipated payouts?
ADMIN – Hi MN,
None at the moment. 
Reply





LA says: 

			June 5, 2017 at 5:22 pm 
Seems there are two separate sites… one being handled by GCG and the other by AB Data
Not sure if claim needed to filed separately on each site. Seems strange as most of the same parties are involved on both sites and I didn’t notice consolidation of cases.
ADMIN – Hi LA,
I believe one is for direct and the other one for indirect purchases. Let me check.
Reply





Tb says: 

			June 12, 2017 at 1:39 pm 
Did you ever find out the difference?
ADMIN – Hi TB
Between this one
http://www.polyfoamclassaction.com
and this one
http://www.flexiblepolyurethanefoamsettlement.com
?
Reply





Tb says: 

			June 13, 2017 at 2:07 pm 
Yes.
ADMIN – Hi Tb,
One is for people who purchased furniture made with foam and the other one for people who purchased foam.
Reply









Renee says: 

			June 13, 2017 at 9:09 pm 
Are there any dates on distribution?
ADMIN – Hi Renee,
It appears it will take place in 6 to 8 weeks. 
Reply





Web says: 

			June 14, 2017 at 1:54 pm 
This is a copy/paste from the polyfoamclassaction.com regarding sending of checks.
 *******June 1, 2017 – Important Update*******
The Administrator is in the process of finalizing claims. Once complete, a motion will be filed with the Court for final approval of distribution. We anticipate the distribution will occur in the next 6 to 8 weeks.
Reply





Valerie aviles says: 

			July 11, 2017 at 10:37 pm 
Willschecks be mail this week we be six weeks from June 1valst????
ADMIN – Hi Valerie,
It appears that way. I will update our Facebook page when people start receiving checks. 
Reply





tb says: 

			July 17, 2017 at 2:40 pm 
If you are getting a check, they have not been issued and likely won’t be issued this week even though they anticipated 6-8 weeks from June 1st.  Also, unless you claimed an extremely large amount of purchases, you likely will not even receive a check.  They are not sending out checks to anyone who is receiving $10 or less.  This lawsuit was a “scam” as some people are putting it.  You can go on the court documents section on their website and see that for yourself.  There are individuals who claimed millions of dollars worth of purchases and they are the ones who will get the money.  Those of us who were honest and claimed what we actually spent, are not getting payment.  If you do get payment, it will be pennies compared to what you claimed.  If you have your claim #, you can look up to see if your claim is eligible by going to the court documents on the poly foam web site.  It will not tell you how much you are getting, just how much your claim was for.
Reply





john says: 

			July 23, 2017 at 8:51 pm 
And on which of the 20 documents it is on? And what page?
Reply







Valerie aviles says: 

			July 20, 2017 at 5:21 pm 
Just call the number no checks in six to eight weeks maybe at the end of summer along await
Reply





Midnight in Montana says: 

			July 22, 2017 at 4:58 am 
I read on another website that check mailings will begin on July 24, 2017.  I’m also seeing an approximate 1-10% payout on claim amount.  Not really sure.
Reply





Wi says: 

			July 27, 2017 at 1:32 am 
ADMIN, Could you explain why the amount we claimed is different than the amount posted on documents on miller court Documents? Thanks
ADMIN – Hi Wi,
The amount you claimed personally? The amount you are receiving? Please clarify your question. 
Reply








Leave a Reply Cancel reply 
Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *Comment Name * 
Email * 
 

 




Search for:



Search



 
 Revlon DNA Advantage


 Home City Ice 


Hydroxycut Products


 Navient TCPA Unsolicited Calls
















Norton Insurance Class Action Settlement | Class Action Rebates



























Toggle navigation














    Norton Insurance Class Action Settlement  



Class Eligibility


If you purchased Extended Download Service for Norton Products or Norton Download Insurance between January 23, 2005 and March 10, 2011, you may be eligible to receive a payment from a class action settlement and your rights will be affected by the settlement.




Estimated Amount


$50
Note: This settlement may be adjusted down pro rata if the number of applicants exceed the available settlement pool




Proof of Purchase


No




Claim Form


Norton Security Insurance Claim Form




Case Name


Khoday v. SymantecNO. 0:11-cv-00180 (JRT-FLN)Circuit Court District Of Minnesota




Case Summary


According to the settlement and lawsuit the defendants violated consumer protection laws and the common law – specifically, that Digital River violated the Minnesota Consumer Fraud Act, and that Symantec violated California’s Unfair Competition Law and Consumer Legal Remedies Act, when they failed to disclose to Class members that there were free alternative methods to redownload purchased software existed. 






Settlement Pool


$60,000,000




Settlement Website


 Norton Insurance Class Action Settlement




Deadline


02/18/2016




Contact


Khoday v. Symantec Corp.
c/o GCG
P.O. Box 10081
Dublin, OH 43017-6681
Toll Free: 1-855-382-6395







		107 responses to “Norton Insurance Class Action Settlement”	








emilio sciortino says: 

			October 22, 2015 at 10:40 pm 
before I got my free Norton from Comcast  I was seeing charges i did not authorize  for two of my PC,s
what a mess it was to get them to stop it took two years
Reply





THERESE GLENNON says: 

			October 23, 2015 at 7:07 am 
I PURCHASED NORTON SERVICES WHEN I BOUGHT MY NEW COMPUTER.
ADMIN – Hi Therese,
Did you further extend your services to include the insurance or extension package? If so consider filing a claim you may be a part of the class. 
Reply





Matt says: 

			October 24, 2015 at 2:23 pm 
They are asking for e-mail addresses associated with the purchase. Won’t they check those e-mails against their records? Doesn’t that mean proof is required? I don’t remember if I used my work e-mail, old e-mail, or my current e-mail address…
ADMIN – Hi Matt,
I encourage you to call the admin and ask to check both emails for you. 
Reply





Ron Ross says: 

			October 24, 2015 at 11:53 pm 
When I got my Norton service I thought I was well protected.  Goes to show; you can’t trust anyone.
Reply





Patrick Wightman says: 

			October 25, 2015 at 4:19 pm 
I used Norton on my dell desktop, hp desktop and hp laptop, I had many of the same issues with additional charges for service I did not purchase! On two of my devices I had puchased the extended protection!
Reply





Marcy Davis says: 

			October 25, 2015 at 9:38 pm 
They just take over your computer! Then you can’t even get them off if you tried you have no choice but to renew or your computer won’t even run correctly until you do.
Reply





morina says: 

			February 22, 2016 at 5:09 am 
yes i tried to get them off my computer and still haven’t been succesful.
Reply







Hannah Kinsey says: 

			October 26, 2015 at 11:06 pm 
Norton is pesky and completely overruns my laptop. I’ve had to restore my laptop after trying to uninstall this from my computer over and over and nothing seems to work. It constantly sends me reminders to repurchase norton even though i will be doing no such thing and have told them so.
Reply





William Aylward says: 

			October 27, 2015 at 5:51 am 
I never thought I would see the day that I would be reimbursed for being charged for this service.  I wrote it off thinking that you live and learn.  I am glad somebody stepped up and filed a lawsuit for the regular folk.
Reply





Bianca says: 

			October 28, 2015 at 1:33 am 
I’m just glad that someone is trying to give us our money back for this product
Reply





Martha Lane says: 

			November 2, 2015 at 2:49 pm 
Norton did not protect my computer. I had a hard time with norton l had to  Do a restore on my  twice and try to remember what l had on there and put it back on my computer. Norton even let pop ups  come on my computer alot.
Reply





Karrington Harris says: 

			November 4, 2015 at 4:52 am 
I purchased this when I got my first laptop in 2010 and 2011.
Reply





peter carbone says: 

			November 4, 2015 at 6:50 am 
charged me more by adding other services
Reply





peter carbone says: 

			November 4, 2015 at 6:52 am 
norton charged me more by adding other services.
Reply





lisa edwards says: 

			November 4, 2015 at 3:06 pm 
Did not protect my desk tops or lap tops
Reply





Debrah Wells says: 

			November 5, 2015 at 2:33 am 
We replaced 2 computers before we switched from Norton.  Took me around 2 years to get them to stop charging me.
Reply





Jon penkava says: 

			November 10, 2015 at 6:11 am 
I called norton to discontinue my service with the and they continued my monthy charges. (This went on for months).
Reply





William lane says: 

			November 10, 2015 at 6:20 pm 
Norton did not protect my laptop
Reply





Florine Johnson says: 

			November 10, 2015 at 7:13 pm 
I brought norton  product  in 2005 year
Reply





Arlene Lake says: 

			November 11, 2015 at 3:36 am 
Even after my download my computer crashed and I had to take to have all the worms and bugs removed.  Then another 150.00 to load new spy ware and windows 10. Thanks for nothing (as far as protection) Norton!!!
Reply





Gary Abraham says: 

			November 11, 2015 at 12:25 pm 
It would really make sense that you could cancel this program as fast as they would like to charge you for their service.
Reply





Gary Abraham says: 

			November 11, 2015 at 12:26 pm 
why is it that it seems to take forever to get a cancellation from these people?
Reply





Joseph Kiselburgh says: 

			November 12, 2015 at 1:10 am 
After i purchased and downloaded my computer crashed. It said that i didn’t purchase and i had to do it again.
Reply





Allison Lee says: 

			November 13, 2015 at 3:46 am 
It says that you need the email that was associated with it. What if that email is no longer in use?
ADMIN – Hi Allie,
You still need it! They won’t email you there but they will verify your purchase.
Reply





Cynthia Carlisle says: 

			November 17, 2015 at 4:58 pm 
From 2008-2015 i have downloaded Norton on my cell phone.
Reply





Mary Bell says: 

			November 17, 2015 at 9:25 pm 
Had Norton on my computer when purchased. Tried to discontinue after first year, couldn’t find a way to do that nor a way to contact them by phone.  Took forever before I was able to remove it by finally getting in touch with someone at Norton.
Reply





Trent Werner says: 

			November 18, 2015 at 6:58 am 
I got Norton through Comcast and ended up getting charged for “add-ons” that ended up crashing my desktop computer causing me to buy a new one.
Reply





Lori Moroski says: 

			November 18, 2015 at 7:40 pm 
Our company was small so I took every precaution to protect it using Norton. Not everything is as it seems to be.
Reply





Andrea Lewis says: 

			November 19, 2015 at 5:23 pm 
Norton did not work long term on my lap top. When it was time to renew the entire system would CRASH .  The only way I could get my lap top functioning again , I would have to purchase $200.00 worth of spyware protection. Needless, to say I just purchased a new lap top. Norton Sucks!
Reply





Steve bock says: 

			November 21, 2015 at 9:26 pm 
Thank god someone is doing something about them.
Reply





Don Welter says: 

			November 29, 2015 at 5:48 pm 
Nov. 30, 2015
Thank you for taking this action.  Had problems with the Norton download
Reply







kathy thompson says: 

			November 24, 2015 at 3:11 am 
I purchased a Norton anti-virus back in 2010, I believe. When it was almost time to run out I kept getting notices to extend my Norton services. I just didn’t respond, then right before Norton was to expire my laptop went haywire/crashed. I had a repairman look at it to see what was wrong or if could be fixed and he said no the computer was junk. So does this qualify me to file a claim or no?
ADMIN – Hi Kathy,
Please refer to the terms of the settlement. 
Reply





Barbara Johnson says: 

			November 30, 2015 at 7:34 pm 
I purchased Norton’s Anti-virus protection (2009 or 2010) and I was always eery that they were actually causing virus attacks, because it seems that near expiration date, crazy pictures would take over my computer & when I contacted CSR, they immediately want money for that session as well.
Reply





Mike Crowell says: 

			December 1, 2015 at 2:28 am 
I also purchased nortons and received a virus.
Reply





Gwendolyn House says: 

			December 1, 2015 at 10:28 am 
I purchased Norton’s antivirus back in 2007 or 2008 when I purchased a new computer. I was still getting viruses on my computer with the protection. So I eventually switch service.
Reply





janine perez says: 

			December 2, 2015 at 7:41 pm 
I purchased the program and still continued to get virus and was still charged several times.
Reply





thomas pipes says: 

			December 6, 2015 at 6:46 am 
I had to purchase a different protection. McAfee.
Reply





Cynthia Bradwell'foy says: 

			December 7, 2015 at 2:01 am 
I purchased Norton’s antivirus back in 2007-2008-2010 and 2012 for my Desktop and Laptop Because the company was well Known for It’s reputation,
But I keep having the same problems Virus on both so I switch to McAfee and it also was a problem with them.
Reply





Margarette Ross says: 

			December 7, 2015 at 10:54 pm 
ipurchased nortonantivirus in 2008-2012 it did not provide what the advertisement says
Reply





Margarette Ross says: 

			December 7, 2015 at 10:56 pm 
Norton is not as good as it used to be I still got a virus in 2010 so I had to go elsewhere and they messed puter up so I had to get a new computor
Reply





Nova Rupertus says: 

			December 8, 2015 at 3:02 am 
I purchased Norton
Reply





Paul Tipton says: 

			December 9, 2015 at 6:19 am 
I believe I may have purchased Norton during the time frame listed.
Reply





Howard Williams Jr. says: 

			December 9, 2015 at 1:39 pm 
I purchased Norton
Reply





Kellie Brady says: 

			December 13, 2015 at 3:58 pm 
I purchased Norton for a laptop 2010 2011.
Reply





Robin McKinniss says: 

			December 14, 2015 at 10:17 pm 
Purchased Norton for desktop in 2007.
Reply





Barbara Hays says: 

			December 16, 2015 at 1:59 pm 
purchased Norton for desk and laptop
Reply





lydia says: 

			December 18, 2015 at 7:37 pm 
Purchased Norton
for windows seven
Reply





LINDA SCHRAMM says: 

			December 19, 2015 at 1:10 pm 
I PURCHASED NORTON FOR MY DELL DESKTOP AND THEY TOOK OVER!!
Reply





latesha Osborne says: 

			December 23, 2015 at 7:41 pm 
I purchased  a desk top & a lap top and used Norton’s for both of them. This was in 2009 and I can’t do anything with neither computers because of Norton’s… Smh Sad
Reply





Nicholas A says: 

			December 24, 2015 at 5:09 am 
In Around 2006-2008 I had Downloaded the free version of Norton little did I know for them 2 years I was charged random fee’s after finally purchasing product that were hidden on my statements and I had no idea what the money was going too…very disappointed with Norton! I felt violated, this caused me to change all my bank information and start fresh to stop random charges.
Reply





Vickie y collins says: 

			December 30, 2015 at 3:27 pm 
I apply started year 2005 till 2016
Reply





Heslop M. says: 

			December 30, 2015 at 4:53 pm 
We bought an HP all-in-one touch screen..came with Norton, and also was included in our internet package from Comcast…covered for sure you would think….but no. Even after purchasing their highest intivirus protection package that covered all our internet devices (3 or 5 I can’t recall) all devices ended up with irreparable hard drive errors making the devices worthless… Total loss result $1400+
Reply





K Garcia says: 

			January 4, 2016 at 11:56 pm 
Purchased laptop and Norton was installed. Continually got viruses and still do.
Reply





Annie LEE says: 

			January 12, 2016 at 2:01 am 
I  Download Norton on my laptop and it continually got viruses
ADMIN – Hi Annie LEE,
This settlement is not related to the performance of the product. 
Reply





Randy Gobbel says: 

			January 12, 2016 at 11:35 pm 
I went to the online claim form. It asked for an ID and confirmation number from the e-mail I received. However there was no ID or confirmation number in the e-mail. How do I proceed?
ADMIN – Hi Randy,
Note that there is a box you can check that reads ” I do not have a personal ID #” By checking this box you will be asked to submit personal information to validate your claim
Reply





Frances Dobbins says: 

			January 14, 2016 at 3:29 am 
Norton is nerve wrecking
Reply





Teresa Harris says: 

			January 15, 2016 at 5:07 pm 
When I bought my computer in 2012 after my free Norton Anti Virus.  I purchased the Norton Security for the next two years. At the time my name was Teresa Pinkney, I purchased my computer from Best Buy.  My address is 7728 C Sunrise Drive
Birmingham, AL   35210
ADMIN – Hi Teresa,
Posting your info here does not constitute a claim. Please file a claim using the link provided
Reply





Jim says: 

			January 15, 2016 at 9:40 pm 
How does one know for sure if they purchased this? Can we file and they will verify it with our email address? What about where it asks how many times we purchased this specific product?
ADMIN – Hi Jim,
You know you purchased this service because you have it installed on your computer or computers. You also know the number of instances by referring to prior emails confirming purchases. 
Reply





Jim says: 

			January 21, 2016 at 5:37 pm 
What about those who do not have the same computer(s) or emails that they had from 2005-2011? How does one know for sure if they purchased this? Can we file and they will verify it with our email address? What about where it asks how many times we purchased this specific product?
ADMIN – Hi Jim,
This is where good record keeping kicks in. Most email accounts give you sufficient space to archive every receipt ever. The burden of proof falls upon you and it is not up to the admin. You provide a sworn statement indicated that you purchased the product. Generally speaking this is not something that you would forget. 
Reply







Montgomery Beyer says: 

			January 17, 2016 at 2:14 am 
I understand the concerns of those before me however I think that the brunt of the statements actually refer to the fact that one could have alternative means of regaining the software other than their cost to download from their service.  In no way shape or form will this be considered a reimbursement for the software, nor will the settlement come close to that level of payment. Be grateful that you will receive some small amount for the misrepresentation of the product and its delivery service.
Reply





A Razo says: 

			January 17, 2016 at 8:00 am 
I down loaded the  free version of Norton and then had to pay for the real version more than once.  I had to pay for the desk top  and on my laptop. I thought I was protected but was not i still had problems and viruses and  had to reset my computer serval times.
Reply





Curtis Staten says: 

			January 18, 2016 at 5:52 pm 
Have trouble when time for renewal, keep trying to charge me, over and over for same service.
Reply





Steve says: 

			January 18, 2016 at 7:40 pm 
I elect not to get $50 from Norton.  Probably they did me more than 50 bucks of holding off the “invaders”, we cannot know the benefit.
I have more serious issues with Microsoft, as even if they “support” a software, they have NEVER sent a person over to my house to check on the problems we have with that (today my wife upgraded her Win7 to Win10 and it doesn’t allow her to do Facebook).   Martin Luther King would be even more pissed than she is, I think!!
Reply





Gwendolyn Sled says: 

			January 19, 2016 at 11:40 pm 
Viruses took over my computer, even though I had Norton
Reply





Clint says: 

			January 26, 2016 at 11:08 pm 
They kept charging me.
Reply





karen varela says: 

			January 27, 2016 at 5:26 pm 
Our computer had to be trashed only 9 months old.. my mother keep getting all kinds of problems too. One computer over 2,000. The other 1700. We only have a tablet now. Can, t afford a new one. Limited income.
Reply





Cynthia M. rhodes says: 

			January 29, 2016 at 4:40 pm 
I had Norton on my desk top.
Reply





Michael says: 

			January 29, 2016 at 11:27 pm 
It trashed my computer
Reply





Tammy says: 

			February 1, 2016 at 3:16 am 
I purchased Norton with our desktop and had nothing but problems.  When it came time to renew, it crashed my computer before I had a chance to renew.
Reply





Kristen Dybas says: 

			February 1, 2016 at 10:28 pm 
always had problems with Norton
Reply





Carol T Birt says: 

			February 4, 2016 at 8:00 pm 
Norton literally made my life hell, I it crashed my laptop by letting a virus in. I had nothing but problems with charges and try homeschooling a child with Norton for security. It will keep you from doing the simplest of task and the stuff it should have blocked would come right up. I will never deal with them again. It’s like being strong-armed by your own computer.
ADMIN – Hi Carol,
This settlement has nothing to do with product performance. You can file for this settlement if you signed up for extended insurance. 
Reply





Nancy Wesley says: 

			February 4, 2016 at 10:22 pm 
I had two computers to crash after I purchase Nortons
Reply





nancy doege says: 

			February 6, 2016 at 1:54 am 
Purchased Norton for Laptop in 2010
Reply





melanie henry says: 

			February 8, 2016 at 7:29 pm 
my brand new computer crashed after purchasing Norton
Reply





Alisha Callicott says: 

			February 10, 2016 at 7:22 pm 
Purchase 3 year renewal Norton pack and have to renew every year.
Reply





Renata Jenkins says: 

			February 11, 2016 at 5:43 pm 
I purchased Norton that was to be good for a year but continued to get viruses before year was up.
Reply





SMJ says: 

			February 13, 2016 at 10:41 am 
I purchased in 2005, but I don’t believe it was the insurance or extended download they’re talking about.  I want to recommend AVG or avast free editions as I switched to them after I realized was paying too much to these companies.
Reply





margo neil says: 

			February 16, 2016 at 4:01 pm 
I purchased Norton in 2006,2010 and 2013 for lap and desk for computer
Reply





Vickie y collins says: 

			February 16, 2016 at 9:51 pm 
I did this during this period
Reply





kenneth maglione says: 

			February 18, 2016 at 8:10 am 
been waiting on rebate i think this is not true
Reply





Charles white says: 

			February 24, 2016 at 7:32 pm 
I did in 2005
Reply





Tony pham says: 

			February 26, 2016 at 11:14 pm 
I downloaded norton in 2010 on my laptop and it messed up my computer, its very hard to get rid of
Reply





Sherry says: 

			February 26, 2016 at 11:15 pm 
I have purchase Norton  twice between time period noted
Reply





Emmanuel says: 

			March 8, 2016 at 8:13 pm 
It’s awful! It messed up my computer and most of the things they flagged were fine! Had to take it to the store to get it fixed before I could use again!
Reply





Arthurlyn Upshaw says: 

			March 11, 2016 at 11:46 pm 
I purchased when I got my Dell laptop
Reply





Sylvia Carlisle says: 

			March 13, 2016 at 5:57 am 
I had purchased Norton, numerous problems, but can’t remember old email.  Not sure what it was.
ADMIN – Hi Sylvia,
I am afraid without the email address you won’t be able to file. 
Reply





Tamara Gordon says: 

			March 14, 2016 at 7:34 pm 
I have purchased norton several times.
Reply





Priyanka says: 

			March 15, 2016 at 8:21 am 
Norton is not so much beneficial for most of tha devices .It is unable to detect various harmful viruses.
Reply





Patricia Grayshock says: 

			March 21, 2016 at 3:54 pm 
I think it was in 2013 I purchased the extended protection and was never able to use it.
Reply





Ralph aguilar says: 

			March 22, 2016 at 12:18 am 
I thought I was well protected but I wasn’t I was lied to
Reply





hermon shelton says: 

			March 25, 2016 at 5:59 pm 
my Norton protection package on my computer was frozen foe months and only came back on line when I had to purchase the same package for another year
Reply





Denise Green says: 

			March 29, 2016 at 2:36 pm 
I purchased norton for my computer when I first got it and it crashed my computer.
Reply





Letitia Jordan says: 

			March 29, 2016 at 8:53 pm 
I purchase norton for my computer on line.
ADMIN – Hi Letitia!
Fantastic, if you feel you are a class member I encourage you to file a claim using the handy link we provided. 
Reply





Rosalyn E. Tucker says: 

			April 2, 2016 at 3:41 am 
I had Norton on my PC since the day I purchased it.  I thought having Norton would at least ease my mind by being secure.  I have been harassed by hackers trying to get me take Microsoft from them.  I called AT&T and question the called and was to led it was fraud.
Reply





Gina Potter says: 

			April 5, 2016 at 12:52 pm 
I had put norton on both mine and my sons new computer
Reply





amanda monita says: 

			April 6, 2016 at 10:27 pm 
I have used norton on every computer I have owed.I purchased this product at least 8 different times if not more. Always had to purchase it twice a year even though it stated it was a one year protection plan.
Reply





Janis melton says: 

			April 7, 2016 at 8:32 am 
Hello Admin I didn’t know this was out there til a few weeks ago I purchased the Norton 3 times from 2006 they 2011,is there any way that I can still be included in this or email me the forms
Thanks in advance
Janis
ADMIN – Hi Janis,
There are no extensions for deadlines. Make sure you visit our website often to avoid missing future settlements. 
Reply





Timothy Rowan says: 

			April 11, 2016 at 5:24 am 
I submitted my claim form by the February Deadline, now I see you advise others to file the form even though that deadline has passed.  It is now April.  Where is my money?
ADMIN – Hi Timothy,
Have you contacted the actual class action administrator to make an inquiry? Remember, classactionrebates is an independent informational website. We are not handling this case.
Reply





Crystal Pleasants says: 

			April 14, 2016 at 7:16 pm 
Norton did not protect my devices
Reply





James Winstead says: 

			April 15, 2016 at 6:27 pm 
I don’t think ANYONE will see ANY money from this. Except the Attorney’s of course!!!!
I am with Timothy Rowan…..It is now mid-April…..Where is my money??????!!!!!!
Reply





Myrtle Basien says: 

			April 15, 2016 at 8:35 pm 
I have know idea why I have to have Norton, when I have MacAfee. I had a problem with my HP printer yesterday and my phone company could not help me and told me to contact HP. I did and I am sooo afraid to download to fix the printer ( I paid to get the printer to work), and now, I see Norton overpowering it. There should be something or someone to stop this company of taking over your computer and printer. Another computer in my house had to reset up to go to the host phone company instead of infinity which is Comcast. This is horrible.
Reply





David Beisell says: 

			April 3, 2017 at 5:55 pm 
It is 2017, where’s the money?  This is as bad as the problem itself.
ADMIN – Hi David,
Have you reached out to the class action administrator? 
Reply





Christopher Salbego says: 

			June 27, 2017 at 1:43 pm 
Hi, I have not received a payment yet. How do you go about contacting the actual class action administrator?
ADMIN – Hi Christopher,
This is the number we have Toll Free: 1-855-382-6395
Reply





Daniel says: 

			July 19, 2017 at 7:38 pm 
Will make payments in “late July” their website states. Typical legal strategy……take years to settle, hope some claimers die off and file bankruptcy.
 Got $300 coming to me. Believe it when i see it!
Reply





Daniel says: 

			July 19, 2017 at 7:44 pm 
How about a real UPDATE for payment since we only have 7 business days left in July. Crickets??
Reply





Daniel says: 

			July 27, 2017 at 4:31 pm 
“ADMIN”‘
 It’s July 27th……I still hear crickets with two “business” days left in “late July”.
ADMIN – Hi Daniel,
We are not the “ADMIN” for this settlement. To get updates on this matter please reach out to the class action admin. their info is posted above.
Reply









April Mendiola says: 

			July 19, 2017 at 10:37 pm 
Can I still claim even if I missed the deadline?
ADMIN – Hi April,
No
Reply








Leave a Reply Cancel reply 
Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *Comment Name * 
Email * 
 

 




Search for:



Search



 
 Revlon DNA Advantage


 Home City Ice 


Hydroxycut Products


 Navient TCPA Unsolicited Calls
















Ford Spark Plug Defect Class Action Settlement | Class Action Rebates



























Toggle navigation














    Ford Spark Plug Defect Class Action Settlement  



Class Eligibility


You are a class member if you are a current or former owner and lessee of the following vehicles in the United States, if the vehicles have a 5.4 liter 3-valve engine: 2004-2008 Ford F-150 trucks, 2005-2008 Ford F-Super Duty trucks (e.g., F-250 and F-350), 2005-2008 Ford Expeditions, 2005-2008 Lincoln Navigators and 2006-2008 Lincoln Mark LTs (“Vehicles”). 





Estimated Amount


Varies




Proof of Purchase


No




Claim Form


Ford Spark Plug Claim Form.




Case Name


FORD MOTOR CO. SPARK PLUG AND THREE VALVE ENGINE PRODUCTS LIABILITY LITIGATIONCase No. Case No. 1:12-md-2316. 
District Court for the District of Northern District of Ohio 




Case Summary


According to the lawsuit Ford should have had knowledge that the two-piece spark plugs used in these engines had a proclivity to become stuck and break in the engine during the removal process, making the broken spark plugs more difficult and expensive to remove. 
The defendant denies the allegations




Settlement Pool


N/A




Settlement Website


Ford Spark Plugs Class Action Settlement




Deadline


08/25/16-Deadline for submitting claims for Spark Plug Replacements performed before October 23, 2015

02/27/17-Deadline for submitting claims for Spark Plug Replacements performed on or after October 23, 2015




Contact


Renkim Corporation, Ford Spark Plug Claim Center
PO Box 1968, Southgate, 
MI 48195-0968. 
844-881-0285.


  
  



		140 responses to “Ford Spark Plug Defect Class Action Settlement”	








Ramiro Palacios says: 

			November 3, 2015 at 3:24 pm 
Went to dealership and they told me to call you first to see how much would be paid and by who
ADMIN – Hi Ramiro,
You should not call me first. You should contact the class action admin. You can find their info at the bottom of the listing. Also note that this is only valid if your plugs broke.
Reply





jack chendo says: 

			April 4, 2016 at 7:46 pm 
When are the payouts coming? anyone know?
Reply





Jeanette R says: 

			February 17, 2017 at 4:17 am 
Has anyone been paid out?
Reply





monroe hubbard says: 

			February 19, 2017 at 2:24 pm 
only thing I can find says “please be patient”. beginning to wonder if payments are even going to happen.
ADMIN – Hi Monroe,
Some users have reported checks in the mail. 
Reply





scott says: 

			March 9, 2017 at 3:13 pm 
i paid 1700 for tune up 5 of 8 broke got a check for 128 dollars filed appeal







Dan Kinsley says: 

			February 19, 2017 at 7:45 pm 
I received a check in the mail last week!  I spent $495.00 for a tune up on my 04 f150 and an additional $897.00 to extract/remove 7 broken plugs. My settlement check was a whopping $ 10.71 amazing how they do the math !
Reply





Joe says: 

			March 12, 2017 at 5:44 pm 
Same expenses and received 46.88…..enough to buy replacements…..







Meatwagon2005 says: 

			March 11, 2017 at 11:48 pm 
I did all the work myself.  Using the Lisle tool, I was able to extract 4 broken plugs.  The other 4 came out without any issues.  I submitted a non-standard claim form before the deadline (since I had no receipts for any labor).  I Received a letter from 2/28/17 stating “The out-of-pocket” costs were too low to be eligible for reimbursement.  It also stated to visit http://www.fordsparkplugsettlement.com for further info – and the site is down.
Oh well, I tried to recoup some of my costs and now am getting crap.
Reply





Linda Solich says: 

			March 20, 2017 at 9:04 pm 
We received a check for $30.62 on Thursday of last week from Comerica Bank in Ann Arbor for the spark plug settlement.  I deposited the check in my bank account that day.  Today I received notice from my bank that there were “insufficient funds” and the check bounced.  My bank charged me $12.50. 😖I have the check because I deposited it digitally, but threw away the paperwork that came with it.  I am not sure where to go from here.
ADMIN – Hi Linda,
Please contact the class action admin. The info is posted on this page. 
Reply





E Brown says: 

			March 21, 2017 at 5:54 pm 
Linda, Thanks so much!  I got my check yesterday and was going to deposit it today. I filed in November of 2015 and it took 16 months to get to me.  If it bounces, I am going to blow a gasket!





Steve says: 

			June 12, 2017 at 5:17 pm 
My check also bounced.  I called 844-881-0285 and it was just a recording.  How can I cash this check?
ADMIN – Hi Steve,
Try class counsel
James C. Shah
Shepherd, Finkelman, Miller & Shah, LLP 35 E. State Street
Media, PA, 19063
Telephone: 877/891-9880
Email: jshah@sfmslaw.com







Natasha A says: 

			March 21, 2017 at 8:10 pm 
We received a check today for a whopping $5.71. Seven out of the eight plugs broke but our dealer only charged us the removal fee for four, still, we paid out $709.94. Per the FAQ Class Member Pays At Least $500 and Less Than $1,000 to Replace 8 Spark Plugs Ford will reimburse the Class Member $5.00 per replaced plug plus 50% of the actual amount paid that is in excess of $500. So, 5*8=40 and 209.94*.50= 104.97 + 40 we should have been paid 144.97 NOT 5.71.. So I’ve submitted an appeal, but from things I’ve been reading others have had their small checks returned as NSF… We’ll see but I’m not holding my breath.
Reply





D K says: 

			April 2, 2017 at 4:27 pm 
Seems like settlements are off by a factor of 10.  I got a whopping $60 after spending over $1000.







Lisa says: 

			July 25, 2017 at 12:56 pm 
I just received a check for $16.00 totally crazy I spent $1000 having all coils and spark plugs changed not because I wanted to but because I had to
Reply







H. V. Grundy says: 

			February 28, 2017 at 7:13 pm 
I submitted a claim within 2 weeks  of receiving the form ,, as of this  date, about a year later, I have not received any payment, nor can I find out anything about my claim….what do I do next?   HVG
ADMIN – Hi Mr. Grundy,
You contact the class action administrator. 
Reply





Sue Korpai says: 

			March 4, 2017 at 7:03 pm 
I submitted a form last April (2016)-met all requirements for our 2006 F150-and haven’t heard a thing. I have called the Admin. # several times and just get a recording indicating to be patient. After leaving many messages, I got a return message saying that my claim form had been received-that’s it!!! 11 months for reimbursement is too long for the hundreds of dollars we had to spend twice to replace the faulty plugs, towing, and inconvenience we have endured due to the poor performance of the truck while driving!!! We have had Fords for years and loved them. We are so disappointed. Never again! We will stop buying Ford products and will contact the media about the poor response/customer service. This is a travesty. I guess Ford doesn’t care if they get sued again. No wonder their stock is down!!!
Reply





Joann says: 

			May 30, 2017 at 6:57 pm 
I called there lawyers i just got my check i was waiting a long time also when i finally got a lett r from them they said it wasn’t enough so i resent them more copies and they still said it wasn’t clear enough so I called their lawyers and sent them through email everything and 2 weeks later I received my check







Jen and Bill Gaines says: 

			May 5, 2017 at 5:32 pm 
Submitted ours well over a year or so ago. Haven’t received anything… called and just get recording… ?
ADMIN – Hi Jen,
Reach out in writing via certified mail.
Reply





Joann says: 

			May 30, 2017 at 4:48 pm 
Call there  lawyers that’s what I did I just got my check







Joann says: 

			May 30, 2017 at 4:46 pm 
I called their lawyers . I was getting the run around ,I kept getting letters saying I didn’t have the papers,so I got I touch with their lawyers and just received my check in the mail today
Reply





Kathy says: 

			June 4, 2017 at 12:33 am 
What’s the lawyers name or number?





Delfina says: 

			July 11, 2017 at 5:12 pm 
Hi Joann my name Delfina castilla and am going thru the same process with them now could you please give me the number to their lawyer please at castillaj4@yahoo.com
ADMIN – Hi Delfina,
The number to the lawyers of this case is in the long notice. 









M says: 

			March 11, 2017 at 5:44 pm 
I have not. Just got a lettER stating they need “documentation that identifies the claimant as the person incurred the out of pocket costs” who dI’d they think paid for it to get fixed?
Reply





Timothy Ray says: 

			March 22, 2017 at 3:22 pm 
I had the same delay tactic.   Well past any payment dates and still nothing.
Reply





Michael G says: 

			March 31, 2017 at 1:59 pm 
I received a letter as well stating they needed proof that the invoice was paid.    I had an invoice from my mechanic shop stating all the work that was performed.    Do they think the work was done for free.    Extremely frustrated on how long this process is taking.
Reply











GREG says: 

			November 3, 2015 at 11:29 pm 
HI ALL.. I REC’D A LETTER FROM THE LAWSUIT ABOVE BEFORE I REC’D THIS EMAIL. HERE IS MY STORY.. MY TRUCK HAD ENGINE LIGHT ON AND ALSO FELT LIKE THE TRUCK WAS JERKING AS IM STOPPED AT LIGHT AND ALSO WHEN I GIVE IT GAS IT FELT LIKE IT WANTED TO STALL. I TOOK IT TO QUICKLANE/FORD DEALER WHERE I ORIGINALLY PURCHSED MY TRUCK FOR SERVICE. AFTER HAVING MY TRUCK FOR 1 WEEK THERE CONCLUSION WAS IT NEEDS A NEW MOTOR. ($8,942) I WAS CHARGED ALMOST $400.00 FOR DIAGNOSTIC WHICH I WAS QUOTED $89.00 BUT SINCE THEY HAD IT FOR 1 WEEK THEY DECIDED TO CHARGE ME FOR THE TIME THEY HAD MY TRUCK. I TOOK MY TRUCK TO ANOTHER MECHANIC AND HIS FIRST WORDS OUT OF HIS MOUTH WHEN I TOLD HIM THE PROBLEM WAS THE SPARK PLUGS. SURE ENOUGH THEY WHERE ALL BROKEN INSIDE MY MOTOR. HE HAD TO BUY A SPECIAL TOOL TO GET THEM OUT.. I PAID CLOSE TO $2000 ON DIAGNOSTICS FEES TO HAVE MY TRUCK LOOKED INTO AND NO ONE KNEW UNTIL THIS TRUE MECHANIC.. HOPE IT HELPED ON MY STORY..
Reply





Tracy says: 

			December 30, 2015 at 2:14 pm 
Greg, what year/model truck?  Husband had same thing happen to his 2008 F-250. Dealership misdiagnosed first time.  Three service visits later they told him he had to replace the engine.
Reply





nader says: 

			March 6, 2016 at 5:42 am 
some exact happened here. I almost busted a window since I was so mad.
Reply









Eleanor Carden says: 

			November 7, 2015 at 3:53 pm 
Owned a 2004 F 150 purchased several spark plugs over the years
Reply





Juan says: 

			November 8, 2015 at 10:38 pm 
Have had issues often and just recently with sparkplugs. My mechanic told me about it. I own 2004 f150
Reply





Jim says: 

			November 9, 2015 at 2:22 pm 
We bought a brand new f250/super duty 2014/
It stalled constantly/had to be towed back to dealer several times! We had to pay AAA to tow it back at our cost!
It was a nightmare! Ford did nothing! The dealership never mentioned spark plug problem which would make sense! They said it was the battery!
Reply





Kimberley Kerszy says: 

			November 12, 2015 at 1:20 pm 
Are they giving out multiple rebates. I own a f 150 and expedition all within the descrives years all ynder 120K miles and I have receipts for spark plug replacement on both. I am assuming I can submit multiple claims????
ADMIN – Hi Kimberley,
It appears you can.
Reply





Vincent Buonocore says: 

			November 19, 2015 at 7:36 pm 
I had a 2006 Ford F-250 Super Duty truck. I had significant performance issues to the point it had to be towed 4 times for repair. Each time I was told the cause of the issues were things ranging from the gas cap, battery, computer issues, etc. I Finally became so frustrated I sought to trade the vehicle. A friend who was a former mechanic for ford told me of this problem and it was fixed. I have since sold the vehicle.
Reply





Sandra M. Anderson says: 

			November 19, 2015 at 11:54 pm 
Bought a 2006 Loaded Lincoln Navigator, brand new.  At 42,000+ miles the vehicle started choking and seem to be misfiring.  When I took it in the Lincoln Dealer in Fayetteville, NC they explained that it was the spark plugs and that there was a problem with them but the manufacturer was not covering it.  He warned me that if the spark plug broke when trying to get them out he would need to pull the engine.  The bill ended up being 1,200+ and I wrote a letter to Lincoln regarding such an absurd situation.  This should never happen.  How do I register for any kind of reimbursement???
ADMIN – Hi Sandra,
You file a claim per the instructions. 
Reply





Kyle says: 

			November 24, 2015 at 6:00 pm 
If my vehicle was at 126k does that completely rule out any rebate after all?
ADMIN – Hi Kyle,
It appears so, per the terms of the settlement 120k miles or less.
Reply





Nancy says: 

			November 29, 2015 at 11:35 pm 
Is this the only class action lawsuit regarding this issue?  I received a letter, but I have misplaced it.  I want to make sure this is the same class action lawsuit.
ADMIN – Hi Nancy,
Even if it was not if you claim meets all the requirements disclosed you can file. 
Reply





Diana Paz says: 

			December 5, 2015 at 3:56 pm 
Had issues with spark plugs
Reply





Jorge Angulo says: 

			December 8, 2015 at 6:00 am 
Yo le cambie las bujillas a Mi truka ford 250 2006  does verses y no se le apagaba el check egain y le tube que cambiar el catalico comberte y 4 sensors Del oxygen.
Reply





D Mitch says: 

			December 11, 2015 at 1:35 am 
I just want to know something my truck is a 2007 F150 with only 54,000 miles should I have my spark plugs change now or at 75,000 so far I have been bless with no problem.
ADMIN – Hi Mitch,
We are not qualified to give you maintenance advice. 
Reply





scott says: 

			March 9, 2017 at 3:20 pm 
i changed mine at 80,000 miles the sooner the better cant say you wont have problems but you might be able to get plugs out faster cost me 1700 for a tune up
Reply







D Mitch says: 

			December 11, 2015 at 1:36 am 
5.4 engine
Reply





Nicole Gamez says: 

			December 14, 2015 at 7:50 pm 
Yes had to replace spark plugs 3x in 2 years on 2006 Lincoln Navigator
Also 1x on ford f-350
Reply





Nicole Gamez says: 

			December 14, 2015 at 7:57 pm 
And I have my receipts go all as well
Reply





nakeysha bates says: 

			December 18, 2015 at 10:39 pm 
I hadn’t had many problems besides my spark plugs ,my brother had to change them about 3 times
Reply





william langill says: 

			December 22, 2015 at 11:36 pm 
changed twice in six months
Reply





why do none of you bother to read says: 

			December 29, 2015 at 5:58 pm 
Dont any of you read the descriptions…..
2004-2008 Ford F-150 trucks, 2005-2008 Ford F-Super Duty trucks (e.g., F-250 and F-350), 2005-2008 Ford Expeditions, 2005-2008 Lincoln Navigators and 2006-2008 Lincoln Mark LTs 
And it is ONLY if your plugs broke off in the engine, on their OWN…
Reply





frank long says: 

			January 1, 2016 at 3:52 pm 
if you had to replace plugs multiple times in a very short period I would err on the side of caution and file, obviously they were defective, having been a mechanic for many years if there are problems like this there are most likely more and the company is gambling they wont get caught. Remember Firestone tires?
Reply





Joann says: 

			May 30, 2017 at 7:07 pm 
Not true my plugs didn’t break the were just misfiring had to change them at 75,000 miles from Lincoln I got a check from the settlement
Reply







La' Nitra Rucker says: 

			December 31, 2015 at 2:49 am 
I had to replace spark plugs 3x in 2 years on 2001 Lincoln Navigator.
Reply





Angela Wynkoop says: 

			December 31, 2015 at 3:32 pm 
I currently own a Ford Edge with I purchased 11/01/2015, I had to take it back 3 times within the last 3 months and pay for repairs out my pocket that I thought was covered in my warranty I paid for 2 dialogistic test in one day
Reply





Randy Bowen says: 

			January 4, 2016 at 10:05 pm 
Am a little frustrated by the lack of communication regarding  the http://www.fordsparkplugsettlement.com website or through my local dealer.   Hoping to get an answer to a question regarding the settlement that is not addressed.
My pickup is involved in this Class Action Settlement.  2007 F-150, 5.4 V8, 118,000 miles
Knowing that there is a hearing scheduled for Jan. 25, 2016 “on whether to approve the settlement, including the amount of attorneys’ fees and expenses and what Contribution Award, if any, should be given to the Class Representatives.”
Does this mean that if I have my truck taken care of prior to the Jan.25 hearing that I “may not” receive reimbursement for the work done?
– or –
Are the current %’s quoted on “Standard Claim Form – Claim No. BO30936766” guaranteed to be paid regardless of the outcome of the Jan.25 hearing?
ADMIN – Hi Randy,
To get the answers to your questions you need to  contact the class action administrator. Their contact information is available on the main page for this settlement. 
Reply





Josh says: 

			January 4, 2016 at 10:45 pm 
owned a 2008 F-250. and had this issue.
Reply





Emma Smith says: 

			January 5, 2016 at 7:26 pm 
I have 2006 F-150 and my spark  plugs was giving me problems and we had to keep coming out of our pockets to get repairs and the payouts wasnt’ cheap .
Reply





Don Dorn says: 

			January 6, 2016 at 2:11 pm 
I sent in all my paperwork for my rebate back around Nov. 8th. How long does it take to get your rebate check?
ADMIN – Hi Don,
We are an informational website and not administrators of this settlement. To ask questions regarding the settlement you can call 844-881-0285.
Reply





Bekki Brown says: 

			January 8, 2016 at 3:53 pm 
What if I bought a 01 f150 supercrew I haven’t had to change spark plug but I think it needs it dealer never told me anything about having to take to dealer because of breakage risk nor the cost to change spark plugs.  I already went through class action with my 05 f350 6.0 deisl engine and got screwed never even received the little bit that they had to pay just got run around they wouldn’t even take as trade in why I bought another Ford I don’t know just stupid of me.  Guaranteed I’m going back to Chevy.
ADMIN – Hi Bekki,
We are unable to direct you on this matter. If the car needs a spark plug change by all means take it to get it done. 
Reply





Jeff says: 

			January 12, 2016 at 6:58 am 
I have a 2004 F150 5.4 3v Triton with 48k miles – bought new.  Guess I should look into getting my plugs changed soon!
ADMIN – Hi Jeff,
Sounds like a great plan.
Reply





Alex says: 

			January 13, 2016 at 2:57 pm 
Why isn’t this offered for Ford Escapes?
My plugs go out so often. I’ve replaced mine 5 times because they keep going out..
Then those dicks cover 3 of the plugs with the intake so it’s time consuming as hell to actually replace.
I’ve been a Ford owner my entire life but the headaches from this one have made me look at other brands.
ADMIN – Hi Alex,
If you believe there is a defect that applies to a large number of consumers I encourage you to contact a class action attorney and check if there is the potential for a case. 
Reply





Lisa wallace says: 

			January 14, 2016 at 4:29 am 
I had a Ford f150  2008 and  my husband had  to  change my spark plugs  a lot it made  quit truck quit
Reply





Kathi says: 

			January 14, 2016 at 4:32 am 
I had this exact same problem with my Ford F-150, however mine in a 1992, and still has less than 120,000 miles. Can I still file a claim?
ADMIN – Hi Kathi,
Please refer to class eligibility. 1992 is not included. 
Reply





Stephanie Jones says: 

			January 17, 2016 at 2:00 am 
I th out I was getting a quality product.  I can not afford to contine to by sparks plus that aren’t worth the money that it cost to make them come American how about your brother man.
Reply





jack chendo says: 

			January 28, 2016 at 3:55 pm 
when would payouts begin?
ADMIN – Hi Jack,
As soon as we hear something we will post it on our Facebook. Meanwhile I encourage to contact the class action administrator.
Reply





Joaquin says: 

			February 4, 2016 at 11:04 pm 
How can I get reimbursed for the money I have spent on my F-150 . My check engine light was on so I had a mechanic get a reading and the reading said that I needed a catalytic converter.. he said that I needed two of them for over $3000. I took it to another mechanic and he said that it was the sparkplugs. He has changed them because they were all broken but my truck has over 50,000 miles.. do I still qualify for a reimbursement? HELP
NOW MY CHECK ENGINE LIGHT HAS COME BACK ON !!!!
ADMIN – Hi Joaquin,
This settlement reimburses you for additional expenses associated with effective spark plugs. If the error on your engine light was specific to that issue I encourage you to submit a claim and the supporting paperwork. 
Reply





Judith Peace says: 

			February 15, 2016 at 6:38 pm 
We submitted a claim on claim No. BE04875189. Can you give us an idea when this claim will be paid?
ADMIN – Hi Judy,
I can’t but I am certain the class action administrator can provide you with some guidance. Call them. Their phone number is listed on this page for your convenience. 
Reply





emilio sciortino says: 

			February 15, 2016 at 10:28 pm 
please take note the online form for the spark plug claim is not working correctly when you hit the send link
A run time era shows up so potential clients cant send there information
I am a client and would like to have the ability to use the online form  thank you for your help
ADMIN – Hi Emilio
I just tried the form and it appears to be working.
Reply





cindy clem says: 

			February 19, 2016 at 4:20 pm 
I want to pay for what I get not generic spark plugs
ADMIN – Hi Cindy,
This has nothing to do with branding or a generic tag.
Reply





robert briton says: 

			February 20, 2016 at 6:15 pm 
hi i bought my f150 2006 in Canada  had to spend over $3000 to fix spark plug problems can i claim through you
thank you robert
ADMIN – Hi Robert,
You are a class member if you are a current or former owner and lessee of the following vehicles in the United States. It appears you are not a class member.
Reply





.james b smith says: 

			February 21, 2016 at 10:49 pm 
We mailed our claim in moths ago still didn’t hear anything cst us over 1000.00 to replace dark plugs in November lms530@yahoo.com
ADMIN – Hi James,
Leaving a comment on this page does not result in follow-up. We are not the class action administrator. to find out the status of your claim you must contact the admin directly. To find their info scroll up until you find the section that reads “contact”
Reply





Anthony says: 

			February 23, 2016 at 3:25 am 
When can we expect our rebate?
ADMIN – Hi Anthony,
It may take a little while. Your best bet is to contact the class action admin using the information we provide on the main page for this settlement.
Reply





Jim says: 

			March 1, 2016 at 12:00 am 
I e-mailed them a couple of weeks ago and they said be patient and it would be several weeks and there would be an e-mail sent out
Reply







Paula smith says: 

			February 29, 2016 at 2:01 am 
I had to replace spark plugs 2times in 6 months.
Reply





Melissa says: 

			March 1, 2016 at 2:00 am 
I submitted a claim back in December has anyone received a check back from the lawsuit?  Has anyone received a phone call from the 844 number letting you know when payment will be made to us?
Reply





Stacy says: 

			March 4, 2016 at 2:59 pm 
I submitted 2 claims last year.  Have heard nothing. Not even an acknowledgment
ADMIN – Hi Stacy,
I encourage you to contact the admin to follow-up 
Reply







Dalynn says: 

			March 1, 2016 at 3:47 am 
I have the 5.4 replace.spark plugs 3 times beore alotted mileage do it qualify if it is a 1998
ADMIN – Hi Dalynn,
You are a class member if you are a current or former owner and lessee of the following vehicles in the United States, if the vehicles have a 5.4 liter 3-valve engine: 2004-2008 Ford F-150 trucks, 2005-2008 Ford F-Super Duty trucks (e.g., F-250 and F-350), 2005-2008 Ford Expeditions, 2005-2008 Lincoln Navigators and 2006-2008 Lincoln Mark LTs (“Vehicles”). 
Per the terms of the settlement you don’t qualify. 
Reply





noreen freeman says: 

			March 4, 2016 at 9:04 pm 
ford 150 2006 over the years have had problems with purchased spark plugs at an expense of 800.oo
Reply





Anthony Cato Jr. says: 

			March 9, 2016 at 10:02 pm 
I haven’t heard anything regarding this case and I submitted all of the documents last fall as required and I’d like to know when I and others can expect payment since the case was settled in January? It would be of great professional courtesy for your office to either send out a mass letter or call to all of the parties involved in the case I’m just say in.
ADMIN – Hi Anthony,
In order to get an update on your case you need to contact the class action administrator. Like I mentioned before http://www.classactionrebates.com is simply informational in nature. To get the contact information for this settlement scroll up and at the bottom of the class action listing you will see a section with the heading “contact”. Use the information we have provided to reach out to the admin. If the admin fails to take care of your concern you can escalate to class counsel.
Reply





Tammy McNaughton says: 

			March 21, 2016 at 6:01 pm 
I mailed in our claim form, receipt, etc in October and have not even received an acknowledgement. I have also left a voice mesaage for the administrator at phone # 844-881-0285. I would appriciate an update on the claim status.Who do I need to contact?
ADMIN – Hi Tammy,
If you are getting nowhere with the class action admin you can contact class counsel. 
Reply





Mike says: 

			March 22, 2016 at 5:25 pm 
I had mine replaced in canada – is it available in Canada?
ADMIN – Hi Mike, 
Here are the terms of the settlement: You are a class member if you are a current or former owner and lessee of the following vehicles in the United States. It appears Canada is not included. Sorry about that. 
Reply





Blanca contreras says: 

			March 23, 2016 at 12:23 am 
Hi i will highly appreciate it if you can give me the website to check my claim status! Or if you can give me the actual status of my claim. This website is no help and only takes me to different links. I want to know my status asap!! Please help!!
ADMIN – Hi Blanca,
There is not a website where you can enter a claim number and get an update. To find out the status of your claim you must contact the admin directly. The information to contact the admin is listed at the bottom of the settlement. 
Reply





Frederick N Wilkes says: 

			March 23, 2016 at 2:37 am 
Had to change my spark plugs twice in the last 8 months.
Reply





Rob says: 

			March 31, 2016 at 4:42 pm 
Just checked the settlement website.  The link and website address no longer works/exists.  What gives?  I submitted my settlement paperwork more than 5 months ago and no contact no nothing.  Makes me want to go buy a Toyota!  Any info you can give would be great!
Thanks.
ADMIN – Hi Rob,
The best approach is to contact Ford customer service or the attorneys that handled the case. 
Reply





Chester C. czerwinski says: 

			March 31, 2016 at 5:05 pm 
I received the Ford Spark Plug Class Action Settlement notification, as i’m aware about this problem, I only have 61,000 miles on my 2005 Ford Lincoln Navigator, the spark plugs are alright so far. I took the Navigator to the Ford Quickstop and received an estimate of $1,250.00, that is if non of the spark plugs break, so I don’t know how they say the spark plugs break, what if they just say they broke, we receive no proof, and they charge another $550.00. Why should I pay this amount if Ford knows about this problem, and I purchased this Navigator new off the lot, now Ford wants me to pay up front, not knowing when I will receive the settlement money back, which they say should only be $1,040.00. With the problems of Ford products, I’m not going to purchase another Ford product, which they are the only ones I ever purchased in my life these past 64 years.Does anyone know the corporate’s Ford Office Phone Number.
ADMIN – Hi Chester,
Here is the information for Ford Corporate
https://corporate.ford.com/contact-us.html
Reply





Chester C. czerwinski says: 

			March 31, 2016 at 5:15 pm 
The phone number 1-844-881-0285 Ford Spark Plug Class Action Settlement Form just gives you the same information as whats on the Legal Notice and Claim Form. Ford does not have any phone number directly to call, we just receive a pre-recorded message. The address to send your claim is
Ford Spark Plug Class Action Settlement
P. O. Box 1968
SouthGate, Mi. 48195-0968   Example, if you spend $2.000. for spark plug replacement, you only receive $1,040 as a settlement. Why if this is Fords problem, the public should take the differance, this is Fords problem.
ADMIN – Hi Chester,
When you feel that a settlement is not fair the best approach is to decline the settlement and get your own legal representation. 
Reply





DAVID D. BAKER says: 

			April 3, 2016 at 2:09 am 
I have changed plugs for my 1987 Mustang once a year since 1990 !
ADMIN – Hi David,
Unfortunately Mustangs are not part of this settlement. 
Reply





dawn m goodspeed says: 

			February 8, 2017 at 4:53 am 
My husband had 2006 f 250 super duty truck it had 98000 miles on it my husband bought it used but it had hardly any miles on it when he purchased it, he was on his way to a job the first time it started skipping and cutting out on him  it turned out that it had a broken spark plug, he went through  alot of frustration trying to get it out. it wasn’t the first or last time it happened!! unfortunately 18 months ag he was in a serious car accident and his beloved truck was totaled, even tho it had issues he loved is truck.
Reply





Karen Dutcher says: 

			February 9, 2017 at 11:39 pm 
Received  letter  stating  I did not provide paperwork and I need to refile. I sent all the paperwork  so with a 2 year wait. Paperwork  must have gotten  lost.  I read others  have gotten  the same letter. Well guess back to the drawing  board. Never buying ford again.  Even the dealership  here is crooks.
Reply





Richard says: 

			February 10, 2017 at 2:46 pm 
I submitted my claim back in Dec2015 and repeated email contacts with their site and all I get back is a canned email response  that essentially says noting they can do and just “sit back and wait”  It is now 15 months since submitting my claim…has anyone received reimbursement on their claim or has this all been a scam?
ADMIN – Hi Richard,
It is not a scam. Settlements take a very long time to come to a final conclusion. 
Reply





jess vincent says: 

			February 11, 2017 at 10:57 pm 
i have a 2004 f,150 the first truck i ever owned 5,4 tritan because i am not the original owner the dealership willnot tell me the history of work done so i dont know if plugs were changed or not ,i have 150,000 miles .lucky i guess have reworked plastic guides in front because chain broke threw rockercover after it broke up 3500 bucks The class action specifies you have to have work done at dealership o ya then hoo has got their checks
Reply





Robert Clark says: 

			February 14, 2017 at 2:14 pm 
Dear sir or mam, on Jan 9 2017 i mailed my rebate form to you on my 2016 ford f 150 king ranch. As of this letter i have not received any notice or word of the decision on the rebate. Please let me know your decision as soon as possible as i’m still trying to pay off the charges and could use the funds. Yours Truly Robert Clark. Phone 410 326 3582
ADMIN – Hi Robert,
Please call 844-881-0285.
Reply





Ryan says: 

			February 14, 2017 at 5:36 pm 
When will they start working on getting payments out. I submitted all my paperwork a year ago and have not heard anything! Any update would be nice.
ADMIN – Hi Ryan,
I am going to reach out to the admin and will post whatever I hear on our Facebook page.
Reply





Ryan says: 

			February 16, 2017 at 3:36 am 
I don’t do Facebook
ADMIN – Hi Ryan,
Then I encourage you to contact the class action administrator directly. 
Reply





Ryan says: 

			February 17, 2017 at 3:26 pm 
Can you post there contact info.
ADMIN – Hi Ryan,
This is the info for class counsel: 
James C. Shah	                 Jeffrey S. Goldenberg
Email: jshah@sfmslaw.com	Email: jgoldenberg@gs-legal.com
Reply









Mark says: 

			February 14, 2017 at 11:50 pm 
I am also waiting on a refund on the spark plugs, Now I have a new problem I need a new motor. Because the motor has a compression problem. Is this caused from the bad plugs?
ADMIN – Hi Mark,
We are not mechanically well versed so we won’t be able to provide you guidance on this matter. Please contact your dealership. 
Reply





Jennm0621 says: 

			March 12, 2017 at 12:43 pm 
Yup mark we need a new engine about a year a half later. My mechanic said it’s because of the shaving of the spark plug getting into the engine block!
Reply







Ramiro Lara says: 

			February 20, 2017 at 9:20 pm 
Hello folks, getting close to the end date on this setlemen case and not gotten any response from you. Getting to think the attorneys settled and kept the money. All of the emails on this website not one individual has received a fair settlement. I have been a Ford owner all my life buying cars for all my children when they went off to college and never experienced anything like this. My 2005 eddie baur expedition was thowen out of timming because of bad spark plug and had to replace both timing chains and guides. Please call or respond by email. Thank you
ADMIN – Hi Ramiro,
I think someone reported getting $10
Reply





RANDY THORN says: 

			February 21, 2017 at 1:22 pm 
How much longer will it be til claims are paid
ADMIN – Hi Randy,
Someone mentioned that they have already received checks.
Reply





Rob G says: 

			February 22, 2017 at 3:31 am 
Ford Expedition 2007
Had all 8 replaced at the dealership and spent $550
got a check back for $65.04
Not sure how they did the math and feeling ripped off for a second time
Reply





Terry says: 

			February 22, 2017 at 1:37 pm 
These greedy bastards are paying themselves first. They only needed us to sign up for the class action lawsuit then they no longer need us. These lawyers are bigger crooks than a bank mobber.
Reply





Terry says: 

			February 22, 2017 at 1:44 pm 
Maybe the lawyers and the payout company need to be sued!
Reply





Jason says: 

			March 20, 2017 at 7:41 pm 
Sounds like you actually got what they claimed you should get.  They currently say “If a Class Member paid at least $500 and less than $1,000 for eight replaced plugs, Ford will reimburse the Class Member $5.00 per replaced plug plus 50% of the actual amount paid that is in excess of $500”.   In this case, you would be entitled to $40+$25 = $65.     However, I paid $437.48 to replace 8 plugs, and only got $7.07.   According to the terms of the settlement, I should have received “20% of the actual amount paid that is in excess of $300”, which should have been $27.46.   I have no idea what kind of math they are doing to arrive at $7.07, but if the lawyers running this thing can’t compute 20% of a 3 digit number, they should have their bar licenses revoked; they’re either morons or crooks….maybe both.
Reply







Cody says: 

			February 27, 2017 at 9:18 pm 
Just got my check today after waiting almost a year and a half.  Spent almost $900 any got a check for $114.00.  Giant rip off stating you’ll get more back when they sent the paperwork and then get pocket change back.
Reply





D. Wolf says: 

			February 28, 2017 at 2:11 am 
Repaired 2005 F 150 on 3/2014 for $660.  Submitted 10/2015. DENIED for lack of proof yesterday, even though I submitted Ford dealership paid shop bill.   Now I’m supposed to resubmit or appeal, so more delays.  At this rate, the plugs will need replaced again (NOT !!!) before I see anything…
Reply





FoundOnRoadDead says: 

			February 28, 2017 at 9:47 pm 
If a class member receives a check for much less than the legal order stated, can class member not cash out check, thus not be considered part of the suit? Will they be able to open another class suit separately? Bazaar how this turned out.
ADMIN – Hi,
If you did not object when the lawsuit was open to objections you no longer have legal recourse. 
Reply





Bob Olson says: 

			March 2, 2017 at 1:23 pm 
Sent in my form and the receipt for the plug change to Ford and received NOTHING.  Since then I got rid of the rid and bought a GMC with a Duramax Diesel and Allison Transmission.  Ford Lied to me by sending me the form to fill out. asking for the receipt and not paying for their screw-up with those nasty plugs.  Good Bye FORD.  I thought I bought from and honest company.  All auto manufacturers are liars and scammers.  Too bad the UAW don’t take control and make good on the vehicles.
Reply





Jeff Whitman says: 

			March 7, 2017 at 5:37 pm 
Yeah just thought the main website for the Class Action would have the timing for the checks to be sent out?  The details of the Class Action takes you to probably less than $100 for the reimbursement and I had all of my receipts.
Reply





Jennm0621 says: 

			March 12, 2017 at 12:39 pm 
So I submitted everything last year also. This February I received a notice to redo the process. We spent $3,000 fixing the broken spark plug that broke into pieces! Even after fixing it we had problems and ended up needing a whole new engine. Total nightmare eventually the 06 expedition broke down my mechanic had no clue what was wrong. We needed a new car so now I have a credit card with $10,000 on it due to constantly fixing this truck and a car payment 😡 Hoping Ford does right and sends a check soon to start paying back bills
Reply





Shannon McClellan says: 

			March 28, 2017 at 4:57 pm 
There are known issues with this engine. We had an f-150 and expedition el with the triton engine. Our expedition got was is called the triton tick while under warranty and Ford refused to do anything about it. Eventually our engine blew when we still owed $9000 on it and we wound up in the same spot you were in. We bought ford because it didn’t take money in the bailout, but we will never buy ford again after they failed to even honor their warranty!
Reply







Charles Denham says: 

			March 15, 2017 at 1:57 pm 
After filing 7/16 for rebate on F 150 2007  for work 6/16 on claim form sent by Clas Action group, on 3/7/17 get a letter saying, claim denied because was not done at Ford Dealership…..But they are done by a Ford Certified Mechanic, who does warranty work for Ford.   I am remailing all my claim forms to you  Also sending copies to the Department of Transportation and advising others  to do the same.   Also consumer protection groups.
Reply





Larissa says: 

			March 15, 2017 at 2:13 pm 
Submitted my claim on 11/19/2015 along with a detailed invoice from my mechanic. Just got a letter in the mail the other day that I needed “PROOF” that the service was paid for. Do you REALLY think that any mechanic would allow me to drive away with out paying for a $1500 bill? And to boot….it was done in 2012. I don’t even have bank statements from that year to prove that it was paid!!
Reply





Michael G says: 

			March 31, 2017 at 2:05 pm 
I got the same letter
Reply







Michele says: 

			March 20, 2017 at 6:59 pm 
I, too, am waiting.  Based on the pay scale they gave us for when submitting the claim,  I should receive hundreds of dollars, as I had to have some of the spark plugs replaced twice!  I have not seen a thing other than they “have my claim on file.”  I could really use more than $10 from the claim to fix the new leaking transmission problem that will cost $1,000.
ADMIN – Hi Michele,
This settlement has nothing to do with transmission issues. 
Reply





Jason says: 

			March 20, 2017 at 7:54 pm 
I submitted my claim on 3/28/2016 and got a check today (3/20/2017) for $7.07.   I spent $428.37 to replace all 8 plugs at a Ford Dealer.   According to the terms of the settlement, I should have been entitled to “20% of the actual amount paid that is in excess of $300”.   20% of $137.28 is $27.46. I have no idea what kind of math they are doing to arrive at $7.07, but now I have to file an appeal in order to get the other $20 I am owed.   The check for $7.07 expires in 6 months, but I’m sure it will take longer than that to receive a response feeding me some lie about how the $7.07 was correct.  Of course, by then, it will be too late to cash the original check.   Class action lawsuits are a joke.   They’re just a way for lawyers to make millions by screwing the victims over a second time.
Reply





Jason says: 

			July 14, 2017 at 4:05 pm 
UPDATE: It’s been almost 4 months since I sent my appeal and I still have not received a response from the Administrator.   Of course, they provide no way to contact them other than a PO box that they don’t respond to.   I don’t fault Ford for having faulty spark plugs…I’m sure they didn’t design them that way intentionally.   The real crooks here are the lawyers who are stealing the money that was rightfully awarded to me (and others) based on the terms of the settlement.
ADMIN – Hi Jason,
The lawyers get a fixed amount. 
Reply







Steve says: 

			March 21, 2017 at 7:36 pm 
Got my denial letter. I guess I did not read the whole letter. I had our family mechanic that we have used for 30 years replace the spark plugs and this disqualified me as it had to have been done by a Ford Dealership. More then a little disappointed.
Reply





J Hemenes says: 

			March 23, 2017 at 1:11 am 
Received a letter today saying claim denied due to lack of info. I submitted all of the required info online well over a year ago. Resubmit to attorneys that can’t read or file appeal with attorneys that won’t read anything but my statement?
ADMIN – Hi J,
Is your question rhetorical? Or do you need further direction beyond the instructions provided by your denial letter?
Reply





Jou Camel says: 

			March 23, 2017 at 3:55 pm 
I paid 975 for spark plugs. Broke 4 of them. Also change spark plug boots. Frond sent a check for $125. Seems low to me. Ford knew about this problem for years and ignored it.
Reply





Nick wilson says: 

			March 29, 2017 at 3:58 am 
I sent all my info to the lawyers more than once. Zero replays or responses. Is there a phone number I can call to determine the status of my claim? I’m owed over $1000…. Please respond to enickb1@gmail.com… What is the law office called that’s handling this
ADMIN – Hi Nick,
Please realize that we are not the class action administrator. We are unable to contact you back. 
Reply





Landry Buller iii says: 

			March 29, 2017 at 3:35 pm 
Sent in my information on January 2, 2016, but haven’t heard or received anything. Is there a number I could reach out to so I can check on it? Thanks so much.
ADMIN – Hi Landry,
Please scroll up and refer to the area titled contact.
Reply





Joe says: 

			March 30, 2017 at 11:47 am 
Does anyone know if we can take settlement lawyers to small claims court in our local states for non payment of claims?
ADMIN – Hi Joe,
I don’t think you can. The class action admin is the one tasked with paying your claim and not the lawyers. 
Reply





Joe says: 

			March 30, 2017 at 10:51 pm 
Thank you for your response.  Can we take the class action administrator to small claims court?
ADMIN – Hi Joe,
I don’t think there is precedent for that. 
Reply





Joe says: 

			March 31, 2017 at 2:34 pm 
Does that mean if the administrator is dragging their feet or being unfair with their determination, we have no recourse?
ADMIN – Hi Joe,
Sometimes your best option is to contact class counsel with your complaint. 
Reply









alim shaddid says: 

			March 30, 2017 at 6:19 pm 
spark replacement for f150 2010 lariat
Reply





FoundOnRoadDead says: 

			March 31, 2017 at 8:19 pm 
I contacted the claims administrator, via email. I have always received a response. Contacted them 4-5 times. The response is ridiculously vague. Ask them to call me, they did. They left a message to call them back, at a number that does not work. So…emailed again. They finally say my claim is being expedited. I should have it in less than 2 weeks. My bill was just under $3,000. I contacted a lawyer before the class action occurred, and even gave a written account to GS legal.
I will notify this board on my claim result when I get it, since they would not tell me over my communication with them.
I think they are trying to make people forget about it, become so frustrated they give up on it, or something along that line….
Class Actions are a joke.
ADMIN – Hi There,
When you are not comfortable with a class action you can ask to be excluded and take the company to court on your own. 
Reply





shannan says: 

			April 3, 2017 at 5:56 pm 
does anyone have an email address for questions I received an insufficient info letter
ADMIN – Hi Shannon,
This is the email for class counsel jgoldenberg@gs-legal.com contact them to see if they can point you in the right direction. 
Reply





Russ Morrison says: 

			April 8, 2017 at 6:30 pm 
Paid over 400.00 to replace plugs got 31.00 settlement what a rip off won’t buy a ford again 😡😡😡😡😡
Reply





Veda thomas says: 

			April 14, 2017 at 3:21 pm 
We submitted our claim and as of today we still have not received a check or a letter stating what we will receive. We have spent well over $300 to replace the spark plugs. Ford really needs to practice what they preach and refund the dedicated customers.
Reply





Glenn A. Stephens says: 

			April 21, 2017 at 10:40 pm 
I just want to be assured that the administator has all my paperwork submitted for settlement. I mailed all these items way before the deadline date. Then I received another letter from the admiistrator on 1/31/2017 requiring me to to resubmit according to the letter I had omitted the mileage at the time the repairs were done. Sir I highlighted the mileage that was clearly stated on the workorder repair receipt that I originally submitted. When I re-submiited as required I highlighted the mileage on the workorder and receipt. Along with a hand written statement. All this was mailed to P.O.4007 College Station,Tx. 77842  I have not received confirmation of receipt of the re-submitted claim form or a letter of award. Patiently awaiting a reply..
ADMIN – Hi Glenn,
Think about us as if we are a newspaper for class actions. We don’t have info into specific cases. You need to contact the admin directly.
Reply





BRITTANY Y says: 

			April 26, 2017 at 5:06 pm 
These people do not care and aren’t doing anything to give people a proper reimbursement. I spent 1800 and got a letter saying because it wasn’t a ford dealer I’m not covered. Absolutely bogus because i had my 08 f250 done about 2 years ago before all this started. And all 8 plugs broke at 80k miles. This is just a crock of crap with an administrator who doesn’t care. Apparently we need to contact lawers who were assigned to this case to actually get a decent reimbursement!
Reply





BRITTANY Y says: 

			April 26, 2017 at 5:09 pm 
Hum 1800 in costs for 8 broken spark plugs 2yrs later not willing to give a reimbursement. Wow i wonder who’s getting to keep my money!
Reply





BRITTANY Y says: 

			April 26, 2017 at 5:10 pm 
Hopefully by now everyone included in this “class action” realizes there not really going to get a real reimbursement!!!
Reply





Marvin Spencer says: 

			May 1, 2017 at 2:41 pm 
So where do customer go to get refund on cost to repalce these plug, since the lawsuit is not working?  Do we contact the Attorney General contact attorney’s for lawsuit?
ADMIN – HI Marvin,
Contact class counsel first and express your concerns.
Reply





Jonie M says: 

			May 12, 2017 at 2:33 pm 
You can send everything in to them and you get no response not answering phones or nothing poor management no more Ford products for me
Reply





Kayla says: 

			May 13, 2017 at 5:34 am 
I replaced my spark plugs for my 2004 Ford F-150 in 2016.  I just heard about the rebate for getting new spark plugs, they were expensive to replace.  Can I still submit a claim?
ADMIN – Hi Kayla,
No. You no longer have legal recourse.
Reply





Glenn says: 

			June 14, 2017 at 9:41 pm 
2004 f150. Dealer didn’t have time to look at my problem. Was sent to a mechanic they recommended. Plugs were broken, replaced engineengine, but same plugs. 6 years and 5 plug replacements later, haven’t heard anything at all from class action suit. Had all receipts and cancelled checks. I smell a rat. Still rattle around with check engine light on. Bull!!
ADMIN – Hi Glenn,
If you filed a claim and have a claim number you need to contact the class action administrator. 
Reply





sean flynn says: 

			June 17, 2017 at 6:59 pm 
THE LAWYERS  GET PAID….. JUDGE GAVE THEM OVER 5 MILLION  this country we live in and think is so great in reality is ONE BIG JOKE….. no wonder the rest of the world hates us….. lol
Reply





Lawrence Giangrande says: 

			July 5, 2017 at 6:05 pm 
seems i’m not alone. 5 times in 24 months i,ve received a letter that states I did not submit proper proof of payment. The repair shop original invoice itemizing all work done including labor charge to extract broken plugs $210.00 what more can I send. Well today I called MI States atty. General’s office and filed a legal complaint. Anybody have a number to call these liars directly. The fewer claims ford has to pay the more the attorneys receive.
ADMIN – Hi Lawrence,
I don’t think the fees are shifted to the lawyers. They get paid a fixed rate approved by the judge.
Reply





Jason says: 

			July 14, 2017 at 3:55 pm 
At least you received a response.   It’s been 4 months since I sent an appeal and they still haven’t responded to me.
Reply







Ms. Hoye says: 

			July 9, 2017 at 12:44 am 
We  submitted claim October 2015.  Paid $2422  to have our engine replaced ($300 to Ford dealership that broke spark plugs in cylinder head and charged us for labor).  We had to pay them $300 and tow truck home.   It cost us $2122 to replace engine.   We received check for $1301.  It appeared to have been based on this formula in Example 3.
Example 3: Class Member Pays $1,000 or More to Replace 8 Spark Plugs – If a Class Member paid $1,000 or more for eight replaced plugs, Ford will reimburse the Class Member $36.25 per replaced plug plus 75% of the actual amount paid that is in excess of $1,000 (or $36.25 per replaced plug plus 75% of the amount in excess of $125 per replaced plug). For example, if a Class Member pays $2,000 to replace 8 plugs ($250 per replaced plug), that Class Member (upon submission of a properly documented claim) would be entitled to $1,040.
Reply





MandiF says: 

			July 14, 2017 at 5:23 pm 
We got initially denied and had to appeal because the invoice did not appear to be paid when in fact it was. This is the most ridiculous, lengthy process. I’m quite sure that consumer paid more than $5 million to have their vehicles repaired for something not their fault.
Reply





Charles Wilcox says: 

			July 22, 2017 at 10:16 am 
I have a 2007 f-150 truck I today7-22-2017 found out about the suit against ford for the plugs, I was never notified of this issue. I am disabled and try to live on the small amount of money I get. I am can not afford this kind of money. What can I do. Thank You
ADMIN – Hi Charles,
There is nothing that you can do once a deadline has passed. 
Reply





Miles Bonner says: 

			July 26, 2017 at 5:34 pm 
i filed my claim in Jan 2016 any ideal when ill be receiving my check ??
ADMIN – Hi Miles,
People are already receiving their checks. Contact the class action admin. 
Reply








Leave a Reply Cancel reply 
Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *Comment Name * 
Email * 
 

 




Search for:



Search



 
 Revlon DNA Advantage


 Home City Ice 


Hydroxycut Products


 Navient TCPA Unsolicited Calls
















Starkist  Tuna Class Action Settlement | Class Action Rebates



























Toggle navigation














    Starkist  Tuna Class Action Settlement  



Class Eligibility


Class Members of the StarKist tuna settlement include all U.S. residents who purchased any of the following StarKist products between Feb. 19, 2009 and Oct. 31, 2014:


5 oz. Chunk Light in Water
5 oz. Chunk Light in Oil
5 oz. Solid White in Water
5 oz. Solid White in Oil

NOTE: StarKist 5 oz. Chunk White in Water is not included in the class action settlement.




Estimated Amount


Up to $50 in cash or tuna vouchers




Proof of Purchase


No Proof of Purchase Needed




Claim Form


Starkist Tuna Claim Form




Case Name


Hendricks v. StarKist Co.,Case No. 13-cv-00729-HSGU.S. District Court for the Northern District of California




Case Summary


the settlement resolves claims that the manufacturer under-filled certain tuna products in direct violation of federal law.




Settlement Pool


$8,000,000 in monetary compensation and $4,000,000 in vouchers




Settlement Website


StarKist Tuna Class Action Settlement




Deadline


11/20/2015




Contact


Hendricks v. StarKist Co. Settlement Administrator

P.O. Box 40007
College Station, TX 77842-4007
1-888-643-6376




		459 responses to “Starkist  Tuna Class Action Settlement”	








Carey Rehm says: 

			August 24, 2015 at 9:02 pm 
It sure would be nice if a “5” oz. can of tuna meant that there was 5 ounces of tuna in the can!!!
Reply





E. B. Tyree-Phelps says: 

			August 29, 2015 at 2:42 pm 
I thought the Starkist tuna cans were becoming more like so many other prouducts ie; candy bars, slimfast etc. pay more get less. I really think Starkist is the better tuna product and I wasn’t happy about having to open so many cans and depelet the pantry to make enough family size servings. It would be wonderful if the tuna in oil was more readily available.
Reply





Barbara S. says: 

			September 4, 2015 at 9:53 pm 
I totally agree that there is less tuna and more water and oil in StarKish Tuna, which is a real ripoff for the consumer.
Reply





Emily says: 

			September 8, 2015 at 5:02 pm 
I’m glad that I wasn’t the only one who thought that there was more oil /water in the cans than tuna.
Where’s Charlie the Tuna?
Reply





MarkFL says: 

			March 13, 2016 at 3:28 pm 
Charley got laid off after a merger.







j goldberg says: 

			December 30, 2015 at 6:41 am 
Well, it’s a good thing you ONLY consume “supersized” foodstuffs from fast food outlets; heaven forbid you ever feel threatened and made a victim of by what the healthy among us would consider a sensible, healthy portion size….
Reply









Laura says: 

			September 1, 2015 at 4:11 pm 
I totally agree!!
Reply





shawn amaral says: 

			November 23, 2015 at 2:42 pm 
I like starkist tuna seems like alot more bones in the cans and suppose to be solid tuna and when u open them more like chunk tuna
Reply





Miranda says: 

			January 8, 2016 at 7:33 pm 
I am noticing this with at least every other can having a bone or scale-like items in the can.  I got a rather large bone today and will be contacting Starkist.  Don’t remember ever finding anything in my tuna when I bought Bumblebee.
Reply





concerned says: 

			February 7, 2016 at 3:32 pm 
two things.. first, I had not received my money either. I am very disappointed in starkest and how long this is taking. They sure didn’t waste any time altering their product and taking our money.  The other issue (I read above) about finding bones in the product – I hope they have not resorted to doing this because they got caught and are trying to recoup some of the money they are supposed to be paying OUT… apparently WE are the ones paying and receiving our own refund… thanks starkest, way to ‘man up’.
Reply





Diane says: 

			February 12, 2016 at 10:44 pm 
I have not received my coupons, and yes the tuna taste different now, WHAT’S GOING IN WITH STARKIST? my daughter won’t touch the stuff anymore ;(





Karan L. tressler says: 

			February 17, 2016 at 12:12 am 
I have not received my tuna voucher either.  I still have my claim number and filed mine on September 11, 2015 what’s up with that Starkist?  Will there have to be a lawsuit for failure to honor your class action suit for those of us who filed?
ADMIN – Hi Karan,
There won’t be a class action for failure to honor anything. They are still in the process of finalizing this settlement and have not yet started distribution.





Shirley powell says: 

			February 22, 2016 at 3:58 am 
I filed my claim in Oct. 2015 and I haven’t received a refund. Who made all the money? Evidently the customers didn’t get compensated.
ADMIN – Hi Shirley,
Please note that settlements can take a long time to be finalized. We are just starting to receive checks from settlements that had a deadline of 2014.





John says: 

			February 23, 2016 at 9:01 pm 
When i filled out the claim, I was approved but have not seen or heard anything about the money due to me any idea when we will start to see them?
ADMIN – Hi John,
When you file a claim they are not approved or denied. Claims are simply submitted. Once submitted you must wait until the deadline has passed. After the deadline has passed there are options of appeals that may further delay the process. Please be patient and don’t make any plans with the funds or coupons you expect to receive from the brand. 





kate says: 

			February 25, 2016 at 6:28 pm 
i haven’t received my settlement money either, does anyone know when it is supposed to arrive? they settled 12-17-15….anyone????





Sunny says: 

			March 8, 2016 at 9:14 pm 
Be patient.. There must be 1,000s of them to go through and process.. Takes time.. My husband did the Redbull settlement about a 1 1/2 to 2 years ago.. Totally forgot about it..  Then all of a sudden it came in the mail.. But I would love to hear an update on the December 2015 hearing..
ADMIN – Hi Sunny,
The terms of the settlement were rejected by the judge. He found the terms to be unfair to the final consumer. Now we wait. 





Alicia D Hickman says: 

			March 17, 2016 at 1:54 pm 
I have not gotten my money either how can we contact someone about it







Tuna Piano says: 

			February 16, 2016 at 8:02 pm 
Are yoi freaking serious? Are you trying to get MORE money from this company on false terms? I was one hundred percent legit on my claim that had to be filed by November 20th 2015, I still haven’t received my compensation, and here you are trying to kick a company when it is down. The “bone” you probably found in your tuna was probably your snaggle tooth!
Reply





c.love says: 

			March 18, 2016 at 6:21 pm 
really??? not nice at all.u may not like what she said happened truth is noone does so smart thing .BE NICE. i understand ur feeling but we all must wait it out. everyone play nice.you should have no time for hatred .ALL OF US THAT SPENT ALOT OF MONEY ONLY TO GET THE **** END OF THE STICK .IT WILL ALL WORK OUT.







MarkFL says: 

			March 13, 2016 at 3:31 pm 
Actually, I have been more unhappy with Bumble Bee. Several times I opened a can that had so much water in it, I thought it should have been labeled “tuna soup.” As a result, I have mostly been buying other brands unless I see the Bumble Bee on a BOGO deal.
Reply





Z-MAN says: 

			March 18, 2016 at 1:25 pm 
Some years back we found bones and scales in Bumblebee Tuna. Since then we have never bought another can of Bumblebee.
Reply







Denny says: 

			March 8, 2016 at 5:33 am 
All tuna, when canned, contains bones. The bones actually “melt” during the high heat canning process. Not sure how you are finding bones in the can, unless there was improper canning.
Reply







Me says: 

			January 21, 2016 at 7:05 pm 
I never received my rebate at all 🙁
Reply





Brittany says: 

			January 22, 2016 at 2:45 pm 
We never received ours either. Did you hear anything about it?
ADMIN – Hi Brittany,
Please take a moment to read my responses to all other commenters. 
Reply





brian szymanski says: 

			January 23, 2016 at 2:40 pm 
I applied and filed a complaint a few months ago for my refund but i still have not received anything yet when will i get it around
ADMIN – Hi Brian,
It may take a long, long time for this to be finalized. 
Reply





Maureen Lawlor says: 

			January 26, 2016 at 8:14 pm 
I filed my ckaim on 10/12/15. Claim #62152584401. How much longer will this take? I m waiting and wondering! !!!!!:-[ :-[ :-[ :-[ :-[ :-[ :-[ :-[ :-[ :-[ :-[
ADMIN – Hi Maureen,
No promises were made as to how long it would take to issue the checks and coupons. Be patient. 





Charlotte Sellers says: 

			January 28, 2016 at 10:35 pm 
What do you consider a long, long time?
ADMIN – Hi Charlotte,
Some people are just getting their checks for settlements that were finalized three years ago. 





Kelly says: 

			March 1, 2016 at 4:41 pm 
Well according to online records the case has been settled since December, 2015. It doesn’t take that long to start mailing out the coupons/checks.
ADMIN – Hi Kelly,
Please note that the terms of the settlement were rejected. It will be a while before we see any updates on this matter. 





Teri says: 

			March 18, 2016 at 9:24 pm 
How will they let us know I have my claim number about estimated time
ADMIN – Hi Teri,
They will not let you know. Instead when the parties reach terms that are approved by the judge there will be a class action administrator that will process every claim and send your check. This may take years. 





Joni says: 

			May 16, 2017 at 1:18 am 
I guess I will die before I get the 50.00 voucher. I HATE Bumble Bee. EVERY can I got in the past had LARGE bones in them. BUT, now, when I buy Starkist, I am finding small bones AND scales !! If I ever get the voucher, I may just donate it to charity.
ADMIN – Hi Joni,
Hopefully you will still be alive when this settlement is resolved.







Celeste Wagoner says: 

			January 23, 2016 at 7:02 pm 
Dear admin I can’t seem to find your other responses as to why we have never received our money or vouchers so why not take a second and respond to us with an answer this time
ADMIN – Hi Celeste,
You have not received vouchers or checks because class action settlements take a long, long time to be finalized.
Reply





Leisa R says: 

			January 27, 2016 at 12:43 am 
I have not received my check either.  Another law suit required?  Midland, TX





M Simmens says: 

			January 27, 2016 at 3:31 pm 
Why should it take so long
ADMIN – Hi M,
All settlements take a long time. Imagine if you will trying to validate millions of claims and process the checks…





Charlotte Sellers says: 

			January 28, 2016 at 10:40 pm 
Well, since StarKist screwed up, they should be required to pay for the hiring of thousands of temporary employees to get these checks out.  I don’t think that should be too difficult a job, do you?
ADMIN – Hi Charlotte,
That is what a class action admin does. They have a large number of employees that review claims. These employees are paid via a portion of the settlement. 





Goddessoflubbock says: 

			February 2, 2016 at 11:25 pm 
What validation? It didn’t require proof of purchase. 
Lent is almost here. Looking at other options…





brian szymanski says: 

			February 7, 2016 at 11:03 am 
When will i get it about how long
ADMIN – Hi Brian,
We don’t know for sure. It could be months or it could be years. 







kelly k says: 

			February 10, 2016 at 1:16 am 
What if addresses or phone numbers change before the settlement gets finished processing?
ADMIN – Hi Kelly,
You may submit changes to the class action administrator.
Reply





Jill B says: 

			February 17, 2016 at 3:04 pm 
How do I get in touch with the class action administrator to change address.
ADMIN – HI Jill,
Their information is listed on this page under contact. Just scroll up.







Connie wallace says: 

			February 10, 2016 at 7:54 pm 
Has anyone heard from Starkist as to when we will be getting our settlement.
Reply





Georgiana Lee says: 

			March 29, 2016 at 10:11 pm 
I never got mine either 🙁
ADMIN – Hi Georgiana,
Please scroll up and carefully read the responses we have provided to other commenters. 
Reply







Mickey waits says: 

			February 2, 2016 at 8:28 pm 
When can I expect compensation for claim number 62016348601
ADMIN – Hi Mickey,
Kindly contact the class action administrator to ask about the status of your claim. We are just an informational website.
Reply





brian szymanski says: 

			February 7, 2016 at 11:02 am 
I still have not received nothing yet for this when could they send me the money
Reply







Sharon says: 

			February 8, 2016 at 3:42 pm 
I never received my rebate been over 3 months going on 4
ADMIN – Hi Sharon,
Most settlements take a long, long time. For example people are just starting to receive their checks for Red Bull. 
Reply





dolly says: 

			February 23, 2016 at 10:26 pm 
I have no received my entitled rebates as yet.
Reply





Cynthia says: 

			March 17, 2016 at 12:50 pm 
Me either. Do you know when they will give it out?
Reply





Elia acuna says: 

			June 3, 2017 at 5:03 pm 
I have not received anything yet.
Reply







Paula McGraw says: 

			February 3, 2016 at 2:08 pm 
I like tuna. But to me you pay more the name brand then whay you get inside , i didnt make the claim because people who dont eat tuna filed to gey the free money
Reply





Jared Carroll says: 

			February 22, 2016 at 3:33 pm 
I filed a claim 10/14/15, and have heard/seen nothing. My claim# 62123314601. What is the time frame for a response from Starkist?
  Just curious.
My mailing address is
9225 Dragonfly Way
Strawberry Plains, Tn. 37871
ADMIN – Hi Jared,
Fulfillment of class action settlements is not like ordering coupons or filing a rebate. On occasion it takes years before you receive a check. Once I hear more about this I will post it on our Facebook page. To clarify I am not the class action administrator. Our website is simply informational. 
Reply





Joanne says: 

			February 28, 2016 at 12:44 pm 
I filed my claim on 08/27/2015.  Still waiting………………
Reply





peggy says: 

			March 3, 2016 at 12:17 am 
CALIFORNIA COURT REJECTED SETTLEMENT IT SAID IT WAS AN UNFAIR SETTLEMENT.
ADMIN – Hi Peggy,
You are correct. A California judge found the settlement to be unfair to consumers. 
Reply





Diane Fraser says: 

			April 13, 2016 at 2:04 am 
So what I am understanding is I could be dead before I get anything from this company.  They are allowed to continue selling their products and make money but not honor the settlement decision.  IF they honored their obligation to all of us customers they just might make more money so where is the business sense in not giving us what is due us?
Very disgusted with this whole process.
ADMIN – Hi Diana,
You are not understanding correctly. Starkist is not placing an impediment on the settlement. It is a judge looking for the longterm protection of all consumers who is delaying the process. 
Reply







Judy Shaddix says: 

			March 1, 2016 at 2:42 pm 
I have read all the questions listed and I too need to submit a change of address.  BUT you stated to scroll back to the top and view the contact info.  I have call that number but it is a recording and it does not give you any option at all to change your address.  Can you help please.
ADMIN – Hi Judy,
Write a note to the admin and send it in the mail. Your heading should read change of address and you should include your claim number and name. Send it via snail mail. 
Reply





Lynne Walls says: 

			March 5, 2016 at 1:48 pm 
Is there a website to follow progress?  I submitted my claim and have the claim number. It would be helpful to have a website with updates. 
Thanks.
ADMIN – Hi Lynne,
You can like our Facebook page. I post updates frequently.
https://www.facebook.com/ClassActionRebates/
Reply







Patricia Schumann says: 

			April 13, 2016 at 4:08 pm 
I have not received my refund to date.  Maybe I should have opted for the tuna, it may have been quicker.  I for one REALLY bought the tuna.  I will not purchase anymore until they make good on their refund…..It is not about the money so much as it is about ripping me off………………………
ADMIN – Hi Patricia,
The delays are not the result of Starkist not wanting you to have your tuna. The delays are due to a decision made by a judge looking for your best interest .
Reply







Judy militello says: 

			August 24, 2015 at 9:33 pm 
I eat it once a week.
Reply





Galina Petruchok says: 

			August 24, 2015 at 11:27 pm 
Good
Reply





Karl Hansen says: 

			August 25, 2015 at 11:33 am 
I buy Starkist Tuna almost exclusively. Specifically Solid White in Oil or Water
Reply





Rita Levy says: 

			August 25, 2015 at 12:01 pm 
I bought and still buy approximately 3 to 4 cans of Starkist solid white 5 oz cans of tuna per week and would like to be included in this suit.  Please advise on how I should proceed.  Thank you.
Hi Rita,
To include yourself in this class action you must file a claim by clicking on the link above that points you to the claim form.
Reply





Ryann says: 

			January 4, 2016 at 1:11 am 
I have not recd the $25 check, or $50 worth of tuna. Wondering what’s going on?
ADMIN – Hi Ryann,
Please review prior responses and read the latest update on the settlement page. 
Reply





Brandy Vickery says: 

			January 7, 2016 at 6:11 pm 
I also have not received anything. I read the updates but there is nothing stating how much or when the claims will be paid. Any information will be great.
Reply





Deb says: 

			January 7, 2016 at 7:07 pm 
Thanks for asking that question Ryann ! I too, was wondering when we would see the checks/vouchers.
Reply





Lisa says: 

			January 8, 2016 at 8:07 pm 
I would like to know what happened to it too!!!
ADMIN – Hi Lisa,
We look forward to tell you more about this class action when we have sufficient information to share. 
Reply





Jacqueline says: 

			January 9, 2016 at 2:56 pm 
I still haven’t received any money or anything from this settlement either.
Reply





Janice Tonn says: 

			January 17, 2016 at 1:20 pm 
I have not recieved my refund and my daughter has not recieved her coupons. What is going on here?
ADMIN – Hi Janice,
In response to your inquiry please take a moment to read my responses to all other comments. 
Reply







Michaelene says: 

			January 12, 2016 at 4:56 am 
I have no received mine either and the most updated information doesn’t tell us anything about when to expect or even if we should expect payment. So can you let us know.
ADMIN – Hi Mchaelene
I will absolutely let you know when I receive an update.
Reply





Katie says: 

			January 30, 2016 at 11:12 pm 
What if my address changes before “a long, long time”?
ADMIN – Hi Katie,
If you move you submit a notification in writing indicating that you have moved.
Reply







Rochelle says: 

			January 12, 2016 at 8:58 pm 
I have not  recieve a check either and I have been looking and I dont see an update ADMIN.  please copy and paste.  Thanks!
ADMIN – Hi Rochelle,
I don’t believe the checks have been processed yet. You can contact the administrator at Call (888) 643-6376
Reply





lanica says: 

			January 27, 2016 at 5:43 pm 
Hi Admin
I called the number and there is no way for us to talk to a live person and when i press “0” still nothing just hang up what they record on the phone is what is on the website not helpful at all and i did my claim in October
Please advise
Danica Robinson
ADMIN – Hi Lanica,
If you are unable to contact them via phone try writing a letter. 
Reply





peggy mcconnell says: 

			February 12, 2016 at 7:53 pm 
should we address it to the court.









danny joe dillon says: 

			January 14, 2016 at 10:57 pm 
No free tuna or Nothing yet…Whats up
ADMIN – Hi Danny,
Please read our responses to other comments. 
Reply





heather says: 

			January 18, 2016 at 3:03 pm 
can you put up a link to find out this info??? didn’t receive mine either.
ADMIN – Hi Heather,
This settlement is not distributed yet. I will post a notification on Facebook once the distribution begins. 
Reply





Carl Fjeld says: 

			January 18, 2016 at 11:22 pm 
What do we look up on Facebook to find the information?
ADMIN – Hi Carl,
Become our fan on Facebook and wait until we post updates. 
Reply





christina c. says: 

			March 5, 2016 at 9:29 pm 
What is the facebook page name?
ADMIN – Hi Christina,
https://www.facebook.com/ClassActionRebates/









Autumn says: 

			January 19, 2016 at 11:30 am 
i saw that the case went to court in mid December 2015 to determine the settlement. Did this occur and was there a final ruling as to if the consumers will get what was asked? Thx
ADMIN – Hi Autumn,
Please refer to our responses to other comments
Reply





Krista Schreiner says: 

			January 19, 2016 at 5:56 pm 
Thought I was the only one anticipating those coupons:)
Reply











Mary says: 

			August 25, 2015 at 9:37 pm 
I called star kist can of tuna full of water no tuna they sent me a coupon for 65 cents
Reply





Melisa H says: 

			September 1, 2015 at 2:31 pm 
I had the same thing happen to me. All water No tuna! They sent me a bunch of coupons for free tuna. Gave the tuna to my cats.
Reply





Sam says: 

			January 8, 2016 at 5:05 am 
Wow Melisa H!!!!
There are starving people in America and you feed the tuna to your cat,you’re amazing!!! Not!!!!
Reply





Carrie says: 

			January 18, 2016 at 1:25 pm 
I know what you mean, and I don’t think tuna is good for cats, at least a lot of it. Maybe because of Mercury in it? I’ve always heard not to give tuna to cats.
Reply









Rich says: 

			October 15, 2015 at 4:20 pm 
This is a verywell run website and I have received checks from Companies that ripped me off!  Everyone needs to keep up the good work!  We (the public) need to keep doing our part by participating even though some checks are only for a couple of dollars! These class actions lawsuits punish companies the only way they understand, having to pay out millions in fines!  The public is tired of being ripped off and lied to as well.  Shame on major chains for selling vitamins for example that did not have the correct ingredients, as advertised on the bottles!  Thank you Class Action Rebates!!
Reply





Tabatha says: 

			November 18, 2015 at 5:05 am 
I agree.
Reply









Barbara Batchko says: 

			August 26, 2015 at 2:32 pm 
I buy the four pack cans of Albacore solid white tuna weekly and would like to be included in this suit.  Please advise on the next step to proceed.  Thank you.
Reply





renee skinner says: 

			August 26, 2015 at 8:45 pm 
I eat star kist tuna all the time and would like to file a claim, but can’t get through to the claim form.
Reply





Jeffrey Bard. b says: 

			August 26, 2015 at 10:32 pm 
I bought 4 can a week never new always trust them
Reply





Janiece Morgan says: 

			August 27, 2015 at 4:09 pm 
I buy this brand every month because it’s the brand my mother bought when I was a child. I want the 25.00 dollars no more tuna please
Reply





Janiece Morgan says: 

			August 27, 2015 at 4:11 pm 
I purchased this brand because my Mother did when I was a child. I guess I’ll stop eating tuna. Please send me the $25.00 cash thanks!
Reply





Janiece Morgan says: 

			August 27, 2015 at 4:13 pm 
Please send me $ 25.00 cash, I bought this brand of tuna every month because my Mother did when I was a child.
ADMIN – Hi Janice,
Please submit a claim. We cannot send you a thing. We are simply an informational website.
Reply





Kelli brown says: 

			November 24, 2015 at 6:14 am 
I was hoping to be part of this as well as my mother in law we have purchased this brand faithfully for Years. But I unfortunately just found the post on my Facebook page is there any way to still apply. I tried filing a claim tonight but it would not go through I’m assuming because of the deadline, if anyone can help much appreciated. Thank you.
ADMIN – Hi Kelli,
You are too late to file. 
Reply







JIM BAILEY says: 

			August 27, 2015 at 6:38 pm 
I HAVE ALWAYS USED THIS PRODUCT, I NEVER THOUGHT THAT THERE WAS A PROBLEM.. I ALWAYS BUY THE 4 PACK.. I HAVE BEEN BUYING FOR YEARS/
Reply





Ross says: 

			August 27, 2015 at 8:07 pm 
Link doesn’t work anymore to join the class action settlement
ADMIN – Hi Ross,
Link is currently working
Reply





Marty Rightmyer says: 

			August 27, 2015 at 9:06 pm 
Have been using Star Kist for years, I was wondering why the contents changed so much. More watery and not  as good.
Reply





Sheila Rhoades says: 

			August 27, 2015 at 9:44 pm 
No matter what route i take starkest claim form website is down says web page not available. But of course they don’t want to pay out what a way to rip us off again
ADMIN – Hi Sheila,
The server was down yesterday. It appears to be working today.
Reply





Lynda says: 

			November 18, 2015 at 1:29 am 
Sheila, they have had the settlement information available and public for many many months. I think for Starkist to give a rebate without proof of purchase is very commendable of them.
Reply







Joe sumara says: 

			August 27, 2015 at 10:13 pm 
how come i cant download the rebate form?
ADMIN – Hi Joe,
The servers are under a lot of stress due to high traffic. 
Reply





randy roy says: 

			January 17, 2016 at 6:17 pm 
I filled out he on line form the day it was announced on Yahoo well over a year ago to receive the canned tuna and I still have no received the 50 can coupon. what’s the deal  .  is this normal to take this long when I signed up the first day it was announced
ADMIN – Hi Randy,
Class actions can take years. This one in particular will be pretty complex since there are so many class members.
Reply







Linda Osborn says: 

			August 27, 2015 at 10:15 pm 
I for personal reasons do not eat meat..I do eat a lot of tuna and canned chicken. ..because it doesn’t look like a animal in my food. …I’ve always chosen Starkist because of the quality of your product.  I’m not exaggerating, I eat 3 to 5 cans a week of the 5 oz. cans of  tuna or solid white chicken and would like to be reimbursed for not receiving what I paid for…
Thank You
Linda  Osborn
Reply





Vickie Campbell says: 

			August 27, 2015 at 10:44 pm 
We go through 2 to cans a week.
Reply





Vickie Campbell says: 

			August 27, 2015 at 10:45 pm 
We eat 2 to cans a week
Reply





Michelle says: 

			August 28, 2015 at 2:47 am 
We go through tons of tuna and now that I think of it, I do drain quite a bit of water from it.  I never thought to weigh it.  No biggie, but over years and years, this is a nice treat to get back what we thought we were already buying.  I buy the solid white albacore and the regular tuna packed in water.
Thanks!
Reply





Terri Cooper says: 

			August 28, 2015 at 2:18 pm 
I buy starkist tuna all the time because it is the best.  There is a lot of water or oil in the cans.  But you cannot beat the flavor
Reply





Marie Castagna says: 

			August 28, 2015 at 7:39 pm 
We buy tuna every time we go food shopping. I did notice that I need to use 4 cans nowadays. In the past was using 3 to get the same amount to make lunches!
Reply





jack says: 

			August 29, 2015 at 12:11 am 
does anyone know how the vouchers work?
Is it a voucher for $50 worth of starkist products, or is it for X cans of tuna that starkist says is worth $50, or what?
ADMIN – Hi Jack,
Generally speaking the vouchers are for smaller amounts. For example you may receive 50 vouchers each one good for a can of tuna.
Reply





Tonya says: 

			October 9, 2015 at 10:54 am 
Hi, Admin
Will you be able to use all the vouchers at once? Or is there a limit (ex. 3 per transaction…etc).
ADMIN – Hi Tonya,
In my personal experience stores limit the number of vouchers you can use in a single transaction.
Reply







lori dudeck says: 

			August 29, 2015 at 4:08 am 
i eat alot of your product, almost daily. i buy the tuna in oil.
Reply





Luanne says: 

			August 29, 2015 at 4:25 pm 
I always buy the chunk light in water. This brand is my preferred brand. I still like it and have bought many cans. It seems to be the most economical product in the grocer these days, and its good!
Reply





Kyle Politis says: 

			August 30, 2015 at 12:18 am 
We buy starkist tuna all the time. And also like to be included in the 25 dollar cash back. thank you
Reply





Betty Driscoll says: 

			August 30, 2015 at 5:34 pm 
We have used Starkist tuna, usually 5oz, for years and enjoy it.
Reply





Betty Driscoll says: 

			August 30, 2015 at 5:36 pm 
We have used Starkist, usually 5oz, for years and have enjoyed it very much.
Reply





Jim Murphree says: 

			August 30, 2015 at 7:09 pm 
I don’t buy starkist tuna just for that reason
Reply





Leonard Lake says: 

			August 31, 2015 at 2:48 am 
I go through  five  to six cans a month.
Reply





Leonard Lake says: 

			August 31, 2015 at 2:48 am 
I  go through five to six cans a month.
Reply





Taylor Cline says: 

			August 31, 2015 at 1:07 pm 
This is very kind of you i spend a lot of money on starkist tuna!
Reply





susan cohen says: 

			August 31, 2015 at 2:31 pm 
I buy the 4 pack.
Reply





susan cohen says: 

			August 31, 2015 at 2:32 pm 
I buy the single cans.
Reply





Alan Austin says: 

			August 31, 2015 at 3:33 pm 
I buy the four pack of tuna at least once a month it should be great too receive a compensation
Reply





william schempp says: 

			August 31, 2015 at 3:57 pm 
Where may I find the form for the starkest class action settlement?thank you
ADMIN – HI William,
You can find the form for this class action settlement by clicking on the link provided above.
Reply





Emily Servin says: 

			August 31, 2015 at 4:18 pm 
I buy a couple cans each week. I have noticed the amount has lessened over time. How unfortunate the consumer can’t rely on the quality of the product. Just last night I opened a can of chunk light in water and felt like I was draining an awful lot of water! I used to be able to make 2 sandwiches  with one can, now I can only make 1.
Reply





patsy brown says: 

			September 1, 2015 at 2:57 am 
every week I buy 3 can of starkist tuna for my family
Reply





Pam Blackburn says: 

			September 1, 2015 at 12:58 pm 
I  have been taking my mother [age 91] to buy groceries for several years & she buys 2 cans of water packed tuna every month so thank you.
Reply





Alice M Gordon says: 

			September 1, 2015 at 2:12 pm 
Dear Sirs/Madames
I have been buying all your various tunas and it is true, once you remove the liquid from the can the tuna is greatly reduced.
Reply





Liz Downs says: 

			September 1, 2015 at 2:31 pm 
I been buy tuna quite a bit.
Reply





janet depaul says: 

			September 1, 2015 at 2:41 pm 
We use starkist all the time   but lately  I was wondering why the amount is much smaller then before mostly water
Reply





Maria Floro says: 

			September 1, 2015 at 2:44 pm 
I buy them whenever i am at the store, for years now.  I got a lot if they were on sale like 5 cans and if i have to go for long trip out of the country,  i gave it as a present, i buy like 10 cans – a dozen  for them, they love it. but they and i noticed that the content was lessened!
I just bought 2 cans yesterday , cause one is not enough for my sandwiches now! Thank you
Reply





Mary Divin says: 

			September 1, 2015 at 2:54 pm 
Starkist Light Tuna in water is the only tuna I eat.  Usually average 1-2 cans per week.  Have done this for years because tuna is good for you and I just plain like it.  I usually make a casserole or tuna salad.  I thought it seemed like there was less tuna in the cans for a while now but just figured it was like everything else…….pay more, get less and the companies make all the money.  Glad I saw this today.  I’ll be signing up for it today.
Reply





Doris says: 

			September 1, 2015 at 3:01 pm 
A very good source of omega, it is consumed weekly in my home; all the varieties are good. As with everything, less product, higher cost.
Reply





Pat Young says: 

			September 1, 2015 at 4:12 pm 
Always buy Starkist,very disappointed in the amount in each can. Have to use 2 and sometimes 3 just to make enough for husband To have at least 2 sandwiches and my 1.
Reply





Pat Young says: 

			September 1, 2015 at 4:13 pm 
Very little amount in each can.
Reply





Betty George says: 

			September 1, 2015 at 6:01 pm 
I get tuna every day for lunch included in my weight loss diet plan… I love it
Reply





Betty George says: 

			September 1, 2015 at 6:02 pm 
I purchase by the week I eat  tuna  every day for lunch included in my weight loss diet plan… I love it
Reply





Lawrence W. Gorman says: 

			September 1, 2015 at 7:12 pm 
We’ve used Starkist for years as my Folks did before me.  Have found out we required  several cans to the make our Tuna Salad, then the one used in the past.. Please send the $25.00.
Reply





Ellen Hofer says: 

			September 1, 2015 at 7:51 pm 
I thought there was more water in the cans and the tuna didn’t go as far
Reply





lynda lyons says: 

			September 1, 2015 at 8:06 pm 
I was telling my husband that we were being cheated.  I am so glad that enough of us complained that we were heard.  I had called the company to complain and have not to this day gotten a reply.
Reply





BEVERLY KAPLAN says: 

			September 1, 2015 at 8:38 pm 
MY HUSBAND AND I ARE IN OUR SEVENTIES, HAVE BEEN USING STARKIST TUNA FOR YEARS.  WE NEVER JUDGED THE SIZE OF PORTION.  WE ARE SORRY TO HEAR A COMPANY SO BIG RESORTS TO CHEATING.  CHUNK LITE IN WATER WAS OUR FAVORITE. THANK YOU KINDLY.
Reply





L Sands-Matos says: 

			September 1, 2015 at 9:36 pm 
My husband is a body builder and competes throughout the year and eats alot of Starkist tuna during his competion as part of his nutrition regimen.  I eat it as part of my diet. I am not happy that I have to pay more for less. We love it however as consumers we should get what we pay for. We have been buying this for years and we can tell the difference when it comes to portions in a product. We use to get more tuna in the can back in the days.  It just isn’t fair.
Reply





desirae says: 

			September 1, 2015 at 11:55 pm 
What a bummer. Does anyone know how long it will take to receive the money?
Reply





Asad Williams says: 

			September 2, 2015 at 2:28 am 
My family and are big tuna eaters and always use the starkist for many of recipes that require us to use it for numerous dishes.
Reply





Elaine Guido says: 

			September 2, 2015 at 11:15 am 
My can was full of water very little tuna.
Reply





marvell McDaniel says: 

			September 3, 2015 at 4:28 pm 
I always buy your Tuna I think it’s the Best .
Reply





ella unrath says: 

			September 3, 2015 at 9:59 pm 
My family eats Starkist tuna every week. Consumers should get what they pay for.
Reply





Ron C. says: 

			September 4, 2015 at 4:12 pm 
agree with the comments about the amount of tuna in the can….always less than 5 ounces in total product “tuna” content. When I pour off the water and use the lid to squeeze out, the lid is always lower than at the halfway point on the can. Just saying……
Reply





LC Buesch says: 

			September 5, 2015 at 2:27 am 
I’m not condoning what Starkist has done but I do hope all you “sue happy” folks realize that nothing is free…and everyone will end up paying for your “freebies!”  This time next year, the tuna will probably cost twice what it does now.  Is it really worth it?
Reply





Ambrose says: 

			October 22, 2015 at 5:52 pm 
Damn straight it’s necessary Skippy
Reply







Jermaine collazo says: 

			September 5, 2015 at 7:44 pm 
I’m stuck with a bunch of recall tuna. I want my money back
Reply





george anderson says: 

			September 7, 2015 at 1:49 am 
I would like a rebate if I have been ripped off.
Reply





Trevor says: 

			September 8, 2015 at 4:52 pm 
I bought the 5 oz can of Starkist Tuna and it was noticeably under filled. Not impressed with my shopping experience
Reply





Donna Durr says: 

			September 8, 2015 at 8:23 pm 
Glad I came across this.  I eat Starkist tuna on a regular basis.
Reply





Vikki Davis says: 

			September 9, 2015 at 1:09 pm 
I am on a special diet due to chronic illness and tuna is recommended on my diet I eat starkest solid white tuna fish regularly I notice it looked different with lots of water I thought that was the way it was suppose to be  it looked real messy to me The thought of what they have done effects my trust with the food industry I don’t know what to eat any more because of them I want to be compensated 22551
Reply





Cynthia Hull says: 

			September 10, 2015 at 4:33 pm 
We buy tuna all the time ! And I agree something was not right it looked different and even had a different smell!
Reply





Miranda Sullivan says: 

			September 10, 2015 at 10:48 pm 
I purchase Sunkiss Tuna every week and feed it to my children! They love tuna and I always thought I was was doing the best.
Reply





Deborah McCarley says: 

			September 11, 2015 at 12:27 am 
OMG, did not know their was a problem with starkist tuna.  I purchased these products every week and eat this product 3 days a week for lunch.  I have been eating starkist tuna every since I was a little girl.
Reply





Rochelle G says: 

			September 13, 2015 at 3:05 pm 
I’m glad to know I wasn’t the only one thinking that their was way more oil then tuna. Starkist tuna was one of my family’s favorite.
Reply





Robert says: 

			September 13, 2015 at 3:19 pm 
Cans are getting smaller, less tuna, same price. Get six or 8 pack at BJ’s. Charlie should be ashamed.
Reply





jeff says: 

			October 10, 2015 at 6:34 pm 
What did Charlie have to do with this?
Reply







Traci Jackson Antoine says: 

			September 13, 2015 at 5:09 pm 
This is disappointing.
Reply





Sandy Peterson says: 

			September 14, 2015 at 6:25 am 
I purchase the one packed in water I purchase a couple cans per month
Reply





tachelle Harris says: 

			September 14, 2015 at 6:24 pm 
I love tuna but where is the tuna no tuna in the can.
Reply





Debbie knarr says: 

			September 14, 2015 at 11:18 pm 
I have bought 4 cans every week would like to be included in this  settlement case
Reply





Abigail Tacker says: 

			September 15, 2015 at 12:45 am 
I eat this everyday. Seeing this dissapointed me.
Reply





Jennifer Mcpherson says: 

			September 15, 2015 at 6:26 pm 
I have bought tons of tuna for uses in everthing I make. I would like to be included in this suit bcuz I noticed it looked different & tasted sour-ish.
Reply





R.W. Benson says: 

			September 16, 2015 at 12:08 am 
I have bought several cans of the identified product.
Reply





Audrey George says: 

			September 17, 2015 at 2:07 pm 
I have been eating a vegetarian lifestyle and began in 2008- I buy Starkist Tuna every week.. I noticed the difference and spoke to the store and called the Company, was told  there was no difference. I am an Executive Chef, owned an European Style  Bistro… really disappointed that a company with such a long standing brand, would jeopardize it like this I want to be part of the class action.
Reply





Lynn paulson says: 

			September 18, 2015 at 6:11 pm 
When do we plan to hear about the tuna refunds?
ADMIN – Hi Lynn,
In many instances it takes years to get your refund.
Reply





PEGGY MCCONNELL says: 

			December 19, 2015 at 9:41 pm 
when I let them know I would be happy with the tuna fish I was charged a small fee for mailing tuna fish.  IPAYED WITH DEBET CARD .IM FINE WITH IT IF THIS IS WHAT EVERYONE ELS DID.
Reply





Bryan Barnes says: 

			January 5, 2016 at 11:37 pm 
Peggy!! I also chose tuna fish for this settlement, but I have no idea about your debit card experience. My understanding is that we will receive coupons, as they are probably NOT going to mail you the cans of tuna. What contact did you have that led to your supplying debit card information? I’m confused. Best of luck.
Reply





peggy mcconnell says: 

			January 6, 2016 at 9:31 pm 
they said I needed to pay for postage to mail it .did any one pay for postage besides me? I called the bank and I do have a copy where they took it out.
Reply





peggy mcconnell says: 

			February 12, 2016 at 8:07 pm 
just wondering why they get to keep my 2.50 cents for how ever long they please.
ADMIN – Hi Peggy,
I have no idea what you are talking about. There is never a class action settlement that takes money from you.





peggy mcconnell says: 

			February 18, 2016 at 1:12 am 
well it happened to me.













Cintra Payton says: 

			September 19, 2015 at 1:50 pm 
I always buy Starkist tuna from SAMs club for my family loves tuna sandwiches on toasted rye bread which makes it an easy meal for me to prepare
Reply





Janice sanderson says: 

			September 19, 2015 at 4:50 pm 
I like tuna. My husband loves starkist tuna with pickles.
Reply





Gwendolyn House says: 

			September 19, 2015 at 9:02 pm 
I have purchased starkist tuna for the last 4 or 5 years every month for my kids lunch and we eat tuna and crackers on the weekends for snack. Yes I want to be in the settlement….
Reply





Lindsey Turner says: 

			September 20, 2015 at 12:46 am 
I but this frequently we love tuna salad around our house in the summer but I always buy cans and make my own because I don’t like the texture and flavor of the premade. I would like to be included.
Reply





Sari Aldumiare says: 

			September 20, 2015 at 8:56 pm 
I totally agree that there is less tuna and more water and oil in StarKish Tuna, which is a real ripoff for the consumer.
Reply





Patricia Stone says: 

			September 21, 2015 at 12:47 am 
I buy Star-Kist Tuna weekly.  I am so very disappointed. WOW!
Reply





Christine Lee says: 

			September 23, 2015 at 12:38 am 
We buy Star-kist Tuna frequently. Glad they are taking this step!
Reply





Sandra Wills says: 

			September 24, 2015 at 12:20 pm 
Glad to see that satirist is going to fix this problem. I’ve notice more water than tuna in cans.
Reply





Leroy O'Neal says: 

			September 24, 2015 at 7:28 pm 
There was more water than tuna.
Reply





Leroy O'Neal says: 

			September 24, 2015 at 7:30 pm 
There was more water than tuna in can.
Reply





Shaun says: 

			September 25, 2015 at 2:14 pm 
I submitted the form a while ago, never got my $25!!
ADMIN – Hi Shaun,
Checks are usually mailed around 3 – 6 months after the claims period closes.  The claims period on the Starkist Class Action closes in November, so if everything goes smoothly you could expect a check in mid-2016.
Reply





Russell Smith says: 

			February 18, 2017 at 1:50 pm 
Still waiting….
ADMIN – Hi Russell,
This settlement was paid. 
Reply







Karen Neppach says: 

			September 26, 2015 at 3:26 pm 
I have always only eaten Startkist Solid white tuna and still do.  I typically use 8 cans per month.  I was not aware of any class action suit against Starkist.  Since this is the only tuna I eat I believe I should be a part of this class action suit.
Reply





Robert Triggs says: 

			September 27, 2015 at 12:12 am 
This has been going on for years. Its about damned time they got sued for it. Most of the time their tuna cans are less than half full of tuna meat. And it’s so mushy it’s not worth eating. A total ripoff.
Reply





Tenita Galloway says: 

			September 29, 2015 at 9:02 pm 
I use these products for my family all the time whether its for tuna salad,sandwiches or casserole. I agree with the majority of the comments and I will be filing a claim. Fyi we go through at least 8-10 cans a month.
Reply





Keisha Newman says: 

			September 30, 2015 at 3:48 am 
I buy this all the time for me and my family! I will be filing a claim. We buy 8 to 10 cans every month or so.
Reply





valeria butler says: 

			September 30, 2015 at 5:51 pm 
I buy this tuna all the time but the last time I bought it it had a weird smell nd taste to it…so I will be filling a claim
Reply





Samantha Tucker says: 

			October 1, 2015 at 6:05 pm 
I have recently bought the 5 oz. can of chunk light tuna in water, and theres more water than tuna in every can ive bought so far. very disappointed!!!
Reply





Ashley Greene says: 

			October 1, 2015 at 10:49 pm 
My kids and I love this brand of tuna …I was unaware of the law suit and is very disappointed because My kids take tuna for lunch at least twice a week. we also eat it regularly at home.
Reply





M. Espinosa says: 

			October 2, 2015 at 5:55 am 
I knew something was off, I used to get starkist tuna all the time because I felt they offered top quality tuna. But then I started to notice how their cans were barely full and I had to use double the amount for certain dishes. I was so disappointed that I had to start buying the off brand.
Reply





M. Espinosa says: 

			October 2, 2015 at 5:55 am 
get it together.
Reply





John c. czukiewski IV says: 

			October 2, 2015 at 5:16 pm 
I have recently bought several of the 5 oz. can of chunk light tuna in water, and theres more water than tuna in every can ive bought so far. very disappointed!!!
Reply





shellie cormier says: 

			October 3, 2015 at 4:47 am 
We  always buy starkist tuna it is the best didnt want to get ripped off though please send me my $25 dollars
ADMIN – Hi Shellie,
Per the instructions provided above you must click on the orange link that leads to the claim form and file a claim. We cannot file the claim for you.
Reply





Shane Tofteberg says: 

			October 4, 2015 at 3:24 pm 
I had recently bought (3) 5 oz cans of tuna for a salad and the cans were almost 1/2 full.   Was not happy.
Reply





Jackson Kellenberger says: 

			October 4, 2015 at 6:32 pm 
Have since switched to other brands of tuna. My most recent Sunkist cans were of questionable quality and were thrown out.
Reply





Marcus M says: 

			October 5, 2015 at 8:11 pm 
I got a claim form in the mail.  The website asks for a 9-digit claim number, but my claim number is 11 digits long.  What is going on here?
ADMIN – Hi Marcus,
Are you sure you are looking at the right settlement? 
Reply





Marcus M says: 

			October 6, 2015 at 8:26 am 
Yes, the claim is Hendricks v. Starkist, the number starts with SKH followed by an 11-digit number, then a separate 4-digit number.  No pun intended, but it’s starting to smell fishy…
Hi Marcus,
Please contact the class action admin directly to obtain clarification. 
Reply





Marcus M says: 

			October 7, 2015 at 8:23 pm 
Nevermind…I’ll just mail the form in.  Sheesh.
Reply









Mona hall says: 

			October 5, 2015 at 11:15 pm 
We eat about 4 to 5 cans of these different ones a week. Noticed alot of water in all.
Reply





jennifer schreib says: 

			October 6, 2015 at 2:34 pm 
I have bought this product a few times and I have a few cans still I bought as of late and I had more water then meat in my cans.
Reply





carrie jenkins says: 

			October 6, 2015 at 6:59 pm 
I think there’s to much water in the can
Reply





Mona hall says: 

			October 6, 2015 at 11:51 pm 
We eat 4 to 5 cans a week. Noticed it was a lot of water in each can.
Reply





Janeth V Armstard says: 

			October 7, 2015 at 12:50 am 
Janeth V Armstard.
Note:  I am a truck driver and I eat a lot of tuna when Im on the road.
ADMIN – Hi Janeth,
We removed your personal information on this comment. If you want a refund we need you to complete the claim form as described above.
Reply





Keshia Tucker says: 

			October 7, 2015 at 3:13 am 
What I purchased seemed to be more minced then anything  which was odd, and the cans weren’t as full with tuna.
Reply





rodney hill says: 

			October 7, 2015 at 4:37 pm 
a little bit of tuna was in my can
Reply





Melissa Ortiz says: 

			October 8, 2015 at 2:54 am 
What a disappointment very unsatisfactory
Reply





kate Martin-Dragon says: 

			October 8, 2015 at 12:57 pm 
I have always thought Starkist was a quality product but recently the quality has been so poor I do not think I will purchase this product anymore, unless they “up” the quality considerably.
Reply





kimberly angst says: 

			October 9, 2015 at 5:28 pm 
i purchased Starkist tuna from the Grocery Outlet store in Marina Ca.
Reply





Ruby Williams says: 

			October 9, 2015 at 11:53 pm 
I use a lot of starkist tuna not enough  tuna
Reply





VALENA SHEPHERD says: 

			October 10, 2015 at 6:43 pm 
I FILLED OUT THE FORM A WHILE AGO, I MAY HAVE REQUESTED VOUCHERS, IF SO, DO YOU KNOW ABOUT WHEN I WILL BE GETTING THEM, PLZ. TY. HAVE A NICE DAY.
ADMIN – Hi Valena,
Please be patient. For a settlement to be completed it may take years. 
Reply





Betty Jenner says: 

			October 10, 2015 at 7:17 pm 
I always buy Starkist Chunk LIGHT Tune in water…in the multi-can (4- 6 cans) pack each month.  I have noticed that the PRICE is increasing, while the meat inside is DECREASING! It takes me 2 cans to make as much as 1 can use to make for Tuna Salad sandwiches…and I eat a LOT of Tuna.
Reply





Syree Anderson says: 

			October 10, 2015 at 7:54 pm 
I made tuna for the grandchildren, and had to use three cans because after the water / oil was drained, there was hardly any tuna left. they should put the actual amount of tuna on the label
Reply





Donna B says: 

			October 10, 2015 at 9:43 pm 
I submitted my claim a good 6 wks ago, and have yet to get anything.  Any idea when we’ll actually see the $25/$50 voucher?
ADMIN – Hi Donna,
Please be patient. At times it takes years if there are appeals associated to a class action settlement.
Reply





Gail saunders says: 

			October 10, 2015 at 10:26 pm 
There is not as much tuna in the can as it used to be
Reply





SANDI PETERMANN says: 

			October 11, 2015 at 3:21 am 
I EAT ALOT OF TUNA….I ALWAYS BOUGHT STARKIST BUT I CHANGED TO DIFFERENT BRANDS WHEN I REALIZE AFTER DRAINING THE WATER THERE WAS LESS THAN A HALF CAN OF ACTUAL TUNA.I AM GLAD YOU ARE CLEARING THIS ISSUE UP. THANK YOU
Reply





Kim Genereux says: 

			October 11, 2015 at 3:44 am 
I even have a box of old saved  tuna cans because I like to have them for mixing art paints. Strange that they don’t want any proof of purchase though. btw I did notice since 2005 that the tuna content was getting skimpy, so I always would shake the cans to get a sense if they were full or kind of sloshy sounding. I was right all along!
Reply





Kathy Durbin says: 

			October 11, 2015 at 12:30 pm 
It’s a shame, that this is what is coming of our products. Raise the price, and lower the product and/or it’s quality. Tuna is one of the few, ‘affordable’, ‘healthy’ foods. It’s just wrong to ‘cheat’ the consumer.
Reply





Omar Ramirez says: 

			October 11, 2015 at 1:45 pm 
How many claims can a household claim with three adults?
ADMIN – Hi Omar,
In reviewing the long notice I don’t see a limit per household.
Reply





Susan Evans says: 

			October 11, 2015 at 2:15 pm 
Starkist is the only tuna I buy.  It was very disappointed in the extra water in the cans.  I needed 2 cans to make many of my recipes.
Reply





Mary upshaw says: 

			October 13, 2015 at 9:55 am 
I’ve tried over and over to summit a claim, but it keeps going to no data received every time. It simply won’t let me fill out a claim form.
ADMIN – Hi Mary,
Consider filing a paper form.
Reply





Noelle Malone says: 

			October 14, 2015 at 3:56 am 
cans were never full
Reply





Deborah Waldman says: 

			October 16, 2015 at 3:57 pm 
I eat a lot of solid white tuna as I do not eat meat or chicken.
Reply





Eileen Castonguay-Kindell says: 

			October 17, 2015 at 12:39 pm 
In the cans light on tuna lots of water
Reply





Eileen Castonguay-Kindell says: 

			October 17, 2015 at 12:39 pm 
hardly any tuna
Reply





Cris C says: 

			October 19, 2015 at 2:31 pm 
Thought it was just me & that I couldn’t get more than one sandwich from each can.
I used so much of this stuff I’m glad there is now a suit. Does make a killer tuna dip though.
Reply





tina mills says: 

			October 20, 2015 at 5:58 pm 
I have typed 3 comments I bought a can of starkest tuna 5 oz there was only 3 tablespoons of tna the rest ws water. I’m really happy theres a lawsuit
Reply





Liz molackee says: 

			October 24, 2015 at 5:06 am 
Why such a big deal? If you like it, don’t buy or eat it
Reply





Liz molackee says: 

			October 24, 2015 at 5:07 am 
Sorry, I meant-if you DON’T like it, don’t buy or eat it
Reply









Ella says: 

			October 21, 2015 at 5:37 am 
I have been buying a ton of this brand tuna for years!
Reply





Ella says: 

			October 21, 2015 at 5:37 am 
I have been buying Starkist Tuna for years!
Reply





Samuel DeAmaral says: 

			October 22, 2015 at 7:01 pm 
My family eats this product on a weekly basis. Its sad to hear from a brand we trust
Reply





Liz molackee says: 

			October 24, 2015 at 5:09 am 
Just don’t buy it anymore
Reply





Liz molackee says: 

			October 24, 2015 at 5:11 am 
Dont buy it
Reply





Peggy Miller says: 

			October 24, 2015 at 2:33 pm 
I always trusted this product for 35 years. Oh Charlie shame, shame, shame
Reply





Dortha Haws says: 

			October 25, 2015 at 2:57 pm 
Starkist is my go to brand.  it’s amazing how corporations are cheating customers.
Reply





Nichollette Yarbrough says: 

			October 25, 2015 at 11:23 pm 
I buy 30oz of starkist tuna every month
Reply





Darlene Taylor says: 

			October 26, 2015 at 10:34 pm 
A very small amount of tuna so much water I purchase about 4 cans over yrs  start tasting like lead from the top. an cat food roten…
Reply





Darlene Taylor says: 

			October 26, 2015 at 10:36 pm 
a very small amount of tuna I purchase about 4 cans  yearly ..start tasting like lead from the top.
Reply





Darlene Taylor says: 

			October 26, 2015 at 10:38 pm 
start tasting like lead from the top, I purchasing cans over the yrs…
Reply





Billy Blackmon says: 

			October 28, 2015 at 7:23 am 
I thought they were just reducing the amount of tuna that comes in the can
Reply





Patricia says: 

			October 29, 2015 at 3:10 am 
I have been buying Starkist Tuna for years!
Reply





Mirma Johnson-Majors says: 

			October 29, 2015 at 12:48 pm 
I just thought that they were reducing the amount of product and making up the weight with something else the way so many companies do.  You know only get one sand which out of the can.
Reply





G. Campodonico says: 

			October 29, 2015 at 11:00 pm 
I used to buy the albacore in water and used it to make pasta alfredo with it, my son loved it and after a while had to use 2 cans instead of 1 cause I couldn’t find the fish.
Reply





Gale Kempka says: 

			November 3, 2015 at 1:10 pm 
Just thought it was like everything else, pay the same get less.
Reply





Gerald says: 

			November 3, 2015 at 6:26 pm 
We noticed that when making it did not seem like there was ever a lot.
Reply





Matt J says: 

			November 3, 2015 at 6:58 pm 
Can’t believe this….I eat Starkist Tuna at least once a week!!!
Reply





Michael Wesley says: 

			November 4, 2015 at 3:01 am 
Purchased many cans of this tuna for my snack after the gym.
Reply





rebecca says: 

			November 4, 2015 at 4:05 am 
I’m a vegetarian so tuna.   Tuna sandwiches are a must especially the tuna melt, and the kids love them as well.Tuna cassarole are also a favorite.
$1.00 can is not cheap anymore and some time even more,  I prefer the oil.  can’t always find the oil so i have to get the water.
I buy at 6 cans of the 5oz.oil twice a month     or       6 cans of the 5oz. water twice a month.
that’s 12 cans for the month.  I have to open 3 cans sometimes 4  order to have enough to go around.
I get the light tuna and the light tuna is not light tuna, and some cans have less than 2 tablespoons of tuna in them.
the solid white is not always solid white. 
my daughter takes tuna for lunch. i have 1 daughter a vegetarian and grand children from both daughters that are vegetarians.  tuna, salmon etc is  as important to us as meat is to others.
ADMIN – Hi Rebecca,
If you are a vegetarian we strongly suggest that you abstain from eating tuna products. Tuna products come from a fish not a plant. 
Reply





kevin goad says: 

			November 4, 2015 at 4:40 am 
I have many of my grocery receipts with way more cans purchased than the few allowed in my online form, why can’t i submit more of these rip off cans??
ADMIN – Hi Kevin,
I wish I had a good answer for you. Contact the admin or ask to be excluded and bring up a separate lawsuit.
Reply





Rolonda Piggee says: 

			November 4, 2015 at 6:06 pm 
I now have to use 2 cans instead of one to get 1 sandwhich
Reply





Phyllis J Kurt says: 

			November 7, 2015 at 1:34 am 
Have purchased many cans we love tuna did not know there was a problem
Reply





Stephanie Harrison says: 

			November 8, 2015 at 10:11 pm 
No ive spent alot on your product 25.00 willnt due look like ill be filing a lawsuit
Reply





wanda says says: 

			November 9, 2015 at 1:48 am 
I buy star kist tuna to use in salads and sandwiches.
Reply





Sherry says: 

			November 11, 2015 at 7:30 am 
I purcased 8 cans of this tuna. Can I get this settlement.
Reply





David Carroll says: 

			November 11, 2015 at 10:47 pm 
I buy this tuna every other week or so
Reply





Katisha felton says: 

			November 11, 2015 at 11:36 pm 
Tried to return cause it was out of date and they denied me had my receipt and all
Reply





suzanne butterfield says: 

			November 12, 2015 at 7:50 pm 
Starkist Tuna Customer during this time
Reply





janice litchfield says: 

			November 15, 2015 at 12:20 am 
purchased had receipt even though it was outdated refused to take it back
Reply





Joan lane says: 

			November 15, 2015 at 4:18 pm 
I sent in a claim on August 29, 2015. Claim number 61244903101. Haven’t received vouchers yet. When may I get them?
ADMIN- Hi Joan,
You will get them  when the settlement is finalized and the payments processed. It may take a while.
Reply





Kat says: 

			November 27, 2015 at 2:22 pm 
I submitted my claim in August and still haven’t received my check.  Dummy me, I just bought 12 cans of solid white Starkist Tuna.  Guess I won’t hold my breath for that check.
Reply





Gary says: 

			December 18, 2015 at 5:14 pm 
any news on when the refunds will start?? it was suppose to be 10 days after final verdict…does that mean 10 days from Dec 17th 2015?
ADMIN – Hi Gary,
Class actions are all about patience and perseverance. You will eventually get your check if you are a qualified class member. 
Reply







davey reynolds says: 

			November 16, 2015 at 9:12 am 
I tryed to return and was denied
Reply





angela dunsin says: 

			November 16, 2015 at 9:16 pm 
bought many can of starkist tuna in water or oil over all years in suit and most were short
Reply





Kimberly Oross says: 

			November 18, 2015 at 4:46 am 
I have purchased many cans of this brand tuna, and have also noticed the amount of product inside has decreased also!
Reply





Rachel Clark says: 

			November 19, 2015 at 12:58 am 
Starkist Tuna is the only brand of tuna that I have purchased over the past decades, and so did my mother. It was the only brand that I’d come to trust. As an adult, I have come to notice the amount of space in the can that was lacked product, but honestly thought nothing of it, and had come to accept it as normal. I love the tuna in oil, it’s what my mother purchased, and I have since having my own family followed suit.  We have all loved the tuna over the years. Whether I was preparing tuna sandwiches, a snack, or just eating it straight out of the can, it has been a staple for at least two generations that I know of.  It seems many corporations are willing to cut corners any more.
Reply





Vincent Buonocore says: 

			November 19, 2015 at 7:46 pm 
I have purchased many cans over the years (4 pack) as well as (single cans) because I really like Starkist tuna. I noticed that the cans appeared more water than tune (guess I should have weighed them). I almost stopped buying it but then started getting full cans.
Reply





Nicole Furlong says: 

			November 19, 2015 at 10:59 pm 
I have always purchased and currently have five cans of of it in my cabinets now.  I get the 5 oz solid white in water.
Reply





KENNETH W, BROWN says: 

			November 21, 2015 at 11:51 am 
LOVE THE TUNA IN OIL
Reply







Lisa says: 

			November 20, 2015 at 6:03 pm 
I just today weighed a can of albacore tuna in water and it weighed barely 3 oz.  It’s supposed to be “4 oz. drained weight.” How do they get away with that?  I think I will stop buying this brand unless they change their ways and I get what (I thought) I’m paying for.
Reply





frank yam says: 

			November 20, 2015 at 10:39 pm 
I always buy starkist tuna , at least once a week ,6 can at a time ,i stop buying it cause i notice it the tuna is less inside the can. i would start buying again since now the mistake is corrected . please send the $25 dollars
ADMIN – Hi Frank,
Did you read the instructions?
Reply





KENNETH W, BROWN says: 

			November 21, 2015 at 11:45 am 
I LOVE STARKIST TUNA IN OIL JUST DID’T REAIZE I WAS GETTING RIPPED OFF.
Reply





KENNETH W, BROWN says: 

			November 21, 2015 at 11:54 am 
I LOVE THE 5 OZ CANS
Reply





ana bilal says: 

			November 21, 2015 at 8:47 pm 
I been purchasing  over the years
Reply





Dawn Hull says: 

			November 22, 2015 at 4:06 am 
Submitted my claim immediately but never received a check. What’s the time frame for settlement checks to be mailed?
Reply





misty hawkins says: 

			November 22, 2015 at 4:31 pm 
dont know how many times i have found bone in my tuna
Reply





connie Hollomond says: 

			November 22, 2015 at 5:28 pm 
I noticed that I was eating the entire can , It was only enough for one person
Reply





David jackson says: 

			November 23, 2015 at 4:18 am 
I have purchased about  6 can  for my lunch at work
Reply





Latoya sanders says: 

			November 23, 2015 at 9:40 pm 
I buy starkist tuna every week i would lile to be eligable for this refund
ADMIN – Hi Latoya,
Not anymore. The deadline has passed. 
Reply





Wylene Hill says: 

			November 24, 2015 at 7:46 pm 
PURCHASE SEVERAL CANS wHITE, WATER AND OIL!
Reply





Kathleen Wells says: 

			November 27, 2015 at 2:23 pm 
Submitted my claim in August – still haven’t seen a check.  Can’t imagine what is taking so long and ready to check with my state’s consumer affairs office.
ADMIN – Hi Kathleen,
Before you do that you may want to carefully review the dates and timelines associated to this settlement. 
Reply





Maria says: 

			December 1, 2015 at 1:46 pm 
Dates and Deadlines
Exclusion deadline:
November 20, 2015
Objection deadline:
November 20, 2015
Claim filing deadline:
November 20, 2015
Final Approval Hearing:
December 17, 2015 at 2:00 p.m.
Just read this. ..
Reply





mallin says: 

			December 12, 2015 at 8:57 pm 
We have received word that we will get a $25 rebate from Starkist .. claim #61227917901…when can we expect it?  RJM
ADMIN – Hi Mallin,
We have no idea. If you share your whole email with us on Facebook we are happy to read it for you and try to see if we can figure out when you are supposed to receive the monies. 
Reply





j goldberg says: 

			December 30, 2015 at 6:56 am 
Yes. Those among us who are also able to read have already read that; what it doesn’t spell out is that in class action settlements it often takes years for the actual payout to be dispersed.
Reply









Katie says: 

			November 27, 2015 at 5:21 pm 
You guys are hilarious posting your outrage over freaking tuna and commenting about your purchase instead of CLICKING THE CLAIM FORM…
Reply





Heather says: 

			December 2, 2015 at 7:20 pm 
Hahaha, I was thinking the same thing Katie!!  The difference of tuna they’re “noticing” is .02-.12oz and hardly noticeable.
Reply







Jody says: 

			December 1, 2015 at 8:53 pm 
It’s after the final date, any info on when claim checks will be issued?
ADMIN – Hi Jody,
As soon as we receive information regarding the checks we will post it on our Facebook page. 
Reply





Melissa Harman says: 

			December 5, 2015 at 4:29 pm 
I filed my claim on Aug. 29 (#61230045701) and still have not received the money.  Are these going to be coming soon?  Thanks
ADMIN – Hi Melissa,
Please note that the date you file has nothing to do with the timeline to receive payment. The final approval hearing is scheduled for December 17 2015. 
Reply





Sue W says: 

			December 10, 2015 at 3:13 pm 
hi – just curious, but a couple people have been told that they could see their check/vouchers mid 2016, others have been told it could take years…that’s a little confusing – I just figure when I see it, I see it lol…it is nice, tho that companies are being held accountable for their product.  The big thing that gets me with this brand, or any other I’ve tried, for that matter, is the cans say “chunk” lite, when it should say “mush” lite…it’s more shredded than chunk 🙁
ADMIN – Hi Sue,
We will know more after the final approval hearing on December 17, 2015.
Reply





Heather says: 

			December 14, 2015 at 7:42 am 
Thank you Maria!!! When you get to the page, is not the first thing you should do, is read all about the lawsuit and it’s rules, guidelines, deadlines, etc? It’s like alot of people just get to the page, scroll down, and leave a comment saying send me money or vouchers. Or they complain about why they haven’t received their money/vouchers. Or want to know how to they apply for it, when if they had “read” the info, it tells you it’s too late or that the final hearing isn’t even till Dec 17th. And yes, I guess they didn’t provide the tuna that was quoted, but I think it’s pretty nice they are doing something to show their “apologizing.” They could just simply apologize. Just my opinion.
Reply





jd chandler says: 

			December 20, 2015 at 9:19 pm 
When will we start getting our vouchers i filed along time ago and have heard nothing anybody know?
ADMIN – Hi Jd,
Because of the size of this settlement it make take many months for the admin to validate the claims and send the vouchers and checks.
Reply





Andrea says: 

			December 22, 2015 at 11:18 am 
I love making Tuna Salad with Starkist. I begin to notice it took more cans than usual.
Reply





Steve says: 

			December 22, 2015 at 4:14 pm 
Thanks for reply.  I just wondered if the Hendricks vs. StarKist tuna proposed settlement was approved at the final hearing on Dec. 17th or if the entire process was perhaps rejected by one side or the other, thus sending it back to the court system to be modified in some way?
ADMIN – Hi Steve,
This case is moving forward. It is finalized and the admin has 150 days to issue the checks and coupons.
Reply





Angela says: 

			December 24, 2015 at 8:13 pm 
I do not know what my claim # is. How can I find it?
ADMIN – Hi Angela,
Your claim # was given to you when you submitted your claim. If you lost it you can call the class action administrator and see if they can track you by name and address. 
Reply





Cheri Brakensiek says: 

			December 24, 2015 at 9:08 pm 
I filed a claim in August #61019189301 and understood refunds were coming Dec, 17th.  Where is my refund?
[address removed to protect the privacy of the commenter]
ADMIN – Hi Cheri,
The final approval hearing was on December 17. The date of a hearing has nothing to do with the timelines for checks and vouchers. 
Reply





Jeremy says: 

			December 26, 2015 at 2:37 pm 
I know its past the deadline but when were they suppose to mail out the vouchers i never recieved it yet? I submitted a claim when this was started thats why i am asking.
ADMIN – Hi Jeremy,
The coupons and checks are not yet in the mail. Once we hear more about this case we will post on our Facebook page. 
Reply





Ramon says: 

			January 3, 2016 at 4:25 am 
Ya i love starkist but it really sucks when i buy a can 5oz worth with my hard working_money and don’t get a full 5oz
Reply





Annastasia says: 

			January 3, 2016 at 4:35 am 
Was wondering what the facebook page was so i can monitor about when to expect the vouchers from the lawsuit.
ADMIN – Hi Anastasia,
https://www.facebook.com/ClassActionRebates/
Reply





Christine Keen says: 

			January 3, 2016 at 11:16 pm 
Is it true that the company has 5 months to issues the checks and vouchers? Assuming the time period started on the date the settlement was finalized that would be around the middle of May, correct?
ADMIN – Hi Christine,
Per the final agreement you appear to be correct in your calculations. 
Reply





Laura K. Smith says: 

			January 4, 2016 at 7:40 pm 
What is the status of this settlement? I completed the form, but have heard nothing back on this. Thank you!
ADMIN – Hi Laura,
Please read our responses on the other comments. 
Reply





Cassandra Hersey says: 

			January 8, 2016 at 7:30 pm 
Hello,
How do I receive my reimbursements? I have not heard a thing and filed a claim 8/27/15 and I have the claim #. Where do I go or who do I call to find out what I need to do?
ADMIN – Hi Cassandra,
Please read my responses to other commenters. 
Reply





Lisa says: 

			January 8, 2016 at 8:09 pm 
The website listed “www.tunalawsuit.com” has malicious malware!!!  When will the distributions be sent?????
ADMIN – Hi Lisa,
I just checked the website and it is working fine. As soon as I hear more details regarding distribution I will post it on our Facebook page. 
Reply





Jeff Smith says: 

			January 8, 2016 at 9:59 pm 
Haven’t received the vouchers for the tuna. When should I expect it? My claim number is 61425107901.
ADMIN – Hi Jeff,
Please refer to my responses to other commenters. 
Reply





Connie Wallace says: 

			January 10, 2016 at 8:10 pm 
I just read through the.comments on the settlement. Were we supposed to have recieved a updated email on the acceptance of our claim to advise us if it was approved.I have not recieved any neither have anyone I know..Kindly advise
Reply





brendalyne williams says: 

			January 11, 2016 at 4:02 pm 
When I I receive the benefits from the lawsuit
ADMIN – Hi Brendalyne,
It often takes years for a class action settlement to be finalized.
Reply





Joyce says: 

			January 12, 2016 at 4:34 pm 
Is there a site where I can get the status of the vouchers?
ADMIN – Hi Joyce,
As far as we know the vouchers have not been issued. We will update our Facebook page when there is something to report.
Reply





Heath B says: 

			January 13, 2016 at 11:06 pm 
Submitted my claim way before cut off date but never received a check or coupon. Still waiting
Reply





Dave says: 

			January 14, 2016 at 7:03 pm 
I would like to know what happened to my free cans of tuna.  I eat alot of starkist tuna, and filed a claim.  Enough is enough.  Starkist please take care of your customers.
ADMIN – Hi Dave,
This settlement is not yet finalized. Please be patient.
Reply





Gabby says: 

			January 19, 2016 at 5:19 pm 
Actually, it has been settled for at least a few weeks now. I still have not received anything either.
ADMIN – HI Gaby,
They have millions of claims to fulfill. It will take them a long time to get the fulfillment process rolling. 
Reply







Valeria says: 

			January 14, 2016 at 11:15 pm 
Why are refunds taking so… long ?
ADMIN – Hi Valeria,
They are not taking long. It is not uncommon for a settlement to take years. That is the norm.
Reply





Mark Johnson says: 

			January 14, 2016 at 11:29 pm 
I would like to know ..how they passed this move you pulled (Starkist) ????REally!!!! you know was that amended in by law because you have a deadline to pursue! so by adding this you get more time and it’s one of your best sellers so,
FROM STARKIST;
NOTE: StarKist 5 oz. Chunk White in Water is not included in the class action settlement.
Nice move it bought you time..I did both oil and water and i best your water is top leading on the list over oil..
Anyways good luck and no matter what is at hand..i still Eat Your Tuna…)
Reply





Valeria says: 

			January 15, 2016 at 6:44 pm 
when will consumers be receiving their checks?
ADMIN – Hi Valeria,
As soon as we hear something about this we will post it on our Facebook page. 
Reply





Carolyn says: 

			January 16, 2016 at 1:18 pm 
Hi,
I would really like to know where my free tuna is to & so does my mom? It shouldn’t take that long to process $25 checks or $50 in vouchers. I haven’t bought starkist tuna since this has happened and I use to tell my husband and mom that it seemed to have more water or oil than it did tuna!
ADMIN – Hi Carolyn,
Please refer to responses we have given to prior commenters with the same question.
Reply





Ronald Louk says: 

			January 17, 2016 at 2:40 am 
love star kist tuna(h2o) filed 8/29/15 is there “lite at end of tuna…” Waiting
Reply





Jason H. says: 

			January 18, 2016 at 4:01 am 
everyone just be patient refunds are coming
Reply





Diann says: 

			January 20, 2016 at 5:38 pm 
When do we get our tuna
ADMIN – Hi Diann,
When the settlement is finalized and the claims processed. 
Reply







Matt says: 

			January 18, 2016 at 4:05 pm 
I don’t think they are going pay, everyone I know who filed a claim has got nothing.
Reply





Mary says: 

			January 20, 2016 at 7:11 am 
What happens if you requested a check but then have to move before it gets sent out?? How do you fix that? I read that it should be finalized by mid May of this year but we are going to be moving and gone from this address by April (not sure what the new address is yet but once we do know can we request and address change?)
ADMIN – Hi Mary,
Two options. Mail forwarding and/or changing your address by contacting the class action administrator. 
Reply





Diane says: 

			January 20, 2016 at 7:38 pm 
Hello, Any idea as to when we will receive payment? I filed by deadline. What if we have an address change?
ADMIN – Hi Diane,
We have already addressed this question in other comments. Please refer to prior responses. 
Reply





Diane Fraser says: 

			January 20, 2016 at 10:16 pm 
Thanks answering my question. I am wondering if the company filed anymore paper work with the courts to delay sending out the vouchers and money?  I know this is sometimes what happens if they don’t like what the court approved.
ADMIN – Hi Diane,
The company is not trying to appeal. 
Reply





Patty says: 

			January 21, 2016 at 2:43 am 
When will Starkist send the settlement?  I signed up a long time ago for the class action lawsuit, way before deadline.
ADMIN – Hi Patty,
This settlement applies to millions of people. It will take a little while for the admin to put all the pieces in order and start issuing checks. 
Reply





Taunya Taylor says: 

			January 21, 2016 at 5:41 am 
Never received any refund what happened?
ADMIN – Hi Taunya, 
Please note that checks and coupons have not been issued yet. 
Reply





Linda says: 

			January 23, 2016 at 9:02 pm 
Do you know when the vouchers will be issued?
ADMIN – Hi Linda,
Vouchers will be issued when the class action admin finishes processing and validating millions of claims. 
Reply







Mark Schmidt says: 

			January 22, 2016 at 7:32 pm 
Me and my girlfriend and a few of our  friends all filled out the rebate form. My friends got their checks and me and my girlfriend didn’t receive our checks why is that?
ADMIN – Hi Mark,
It is imposible for someone to have received a check as this settlement has not been distributed yet. 
Reply





Jim says: 

			January 23, 2016 at 1:16 pm 
Hey, ADMIN!  How about you stop the vague answers!  What “Settlements” page are you referring to??  Provide a damn link!  I’m moving soon, so I’d like to receive my coupons before I do so…
ADMIN – Hi Jim,
Chances are you are going to move before they process your claim. Remember this settlement had millions of class members. If you scroll up on this page you will notice a field that reads “contact”, right next to the word contact you will read this information:
Hendricks v. StarKist Co. Settlement Administrator
P.O. Box 40007
College Station, TX 77842-4007
1-888-643-6376
You will use this information as follows: 
1. You can call the admin and report a change of address. If the admin does not have a live operator please refer to # 2.
2. You will write to the admin using the address provided above. On your note to the admin you are to include your claim number and personal information and indicate that you need your claim to be updated with your new address. You don’t need to use a form for this you can use a regular piece of paper and envelope.
3. Your change of address request does not need to be certified but I would highly suggest you certify it that way you have a record for your own files.
4. As a backup measure submit a mail forwarding request at your postal office. That is a free service but only valid for a few months. 
Reply





G. Brown says: 

			January 27, 2016 at 3:42 pm 
Is there any indication when the settlements will be distributed?
ADMIN – Hi G,
Not at this time.
Reply





Andrea Worth says: 

			January 28, 2016 at 6:40 am 
Thank you for the info. Any form of payment should not be expected till May 2016.
Reply





Susan says: 

			January 31, 2016 at 7:58 pm 
I submitted a claim the end of August and nothing received. Almost February seems too long of time to wait. I can’t find one update on FB or anywhere else.
ADMIN – Hi Susan,
There are no updates yet. The class action administrator has not yet issued coupons or checks. 
Reply





Jesse says: 

			February 1, 2016 at 2:28 pm 
Haven’t received my voucher it’s Feb 2016
ADMIN – Hi Jesse,
Due to the sheer size of this settlement the administration and distribution might take a while. To learn more about the status you could call the administrator at Call (888) 643-6376
Reply





MM says: 

			February 1, 2016 at 6:13 pm 
I filed a claim and I have since move how to I change my address?
ADMIN – Hi MM,
To report a change of address send a note via mail to the class action administrator. Make sure you include your claim #. You can find their address by scrolling up and looking under the field titled “contact”.
Reply





Dina says: 

			February 1, 2016 at 7:25 pm 
Dear Admin –
I am reading over these comments and your patient replies. Kudos to you for doing this job and keeping your cool in a textual medium with all of these stupid people asking the same questions over and over without taking the time to read previous comments or replies. Good job! Gotta love the “vegetarians” wanting to know when they will get their free stuff! A vegetarian shouldn’t even BE making claims here…HAHAHA! Have a nice day!
Reply





Doug says: 

			February 1, 2016 at 11:14 pm 
I always thought there was something fishy going on with the starkist tuna cans…we used to use one can for sandwiches and sometimes we needed to use 2 cans I thought it was just me…a couple of times there was hardly any tuna just water but I never filed a complaint…was not worth it over a couple of cans….Im 55 and have been using starkist tuna for over 20 years my kids are using it now…hopefully they will change their ways…very good healthy product…
Reply





ND says: 

			February 2, 2016 at 6:20 pm 
I understand now from the Administrator’s numerous comments that it will take a long time to receive refund checks – I didn’t realize it would.
That said, I did find the comments from others very interesting – particularly the numerous incidents reported of cans filled with mostly water or water and bones.  I’m glad I had to come here to find out about the delay in refund – would never have discovered these additional problems/complaints otherwise.  
I’m going to have to rethink the purchase of this brand in future.
Reply





Richard Diedrich says: 

			February 3, 2016 at 10:14 pm 
Where the hell is my coupon? I filed for this rebate, back in Sept. I haven’t seen anything yet. I opted for the $50 dollar coupon for tuna.
ADMIN – Hi Richard,
It is our understanding that the admin has not yet begun distribution. This means your coupons have not even been printed or mailed. Some settlements take years to be fulfilled. 
Reply





Don says: 

			February 4, 2016 at 9:34 pm 
I’ve used Starkist for years but wouldn’t use it at all if Costco wasn’t 50 miles away.
Costco’s Kirkland White Albacore canned tuna is a much higher quality than any of the major brands. 
I’m also waiting and waiting on my vouchers.
Reply





Brian Ckimko says: 

			February 4, 2016 at 9:34 pm 
Received my $50 vouchers and my wife 2 sons and mothers got theirs plus we got 5 25 dollar checks! Thank you starkist! Love the chunk lite in water!
Reply





Judy Harper says: 

			February 5, 2016 at 3:39 am 
I filed in time but have yet to receive anything Southborough Dr.
Claim # 61527514101
Reply





Cheryl Burns says: 

			February 8, 2016 at 3:46 pm 
Where’s my tuna ??????
ADMIN – Hi Cheryl,
As I mentioned before settlements take a long time to be finalized. Chances are you won’t be eating your free tuna during lent. 
Reply





Gail says: 

			February 8, 2016 at 7:34 pm 
I no longer buy the cans due to being on the road now, we buy the packets. I saw a few people had mentioned finding bones in the cans. I find them quite a bit in the packets also, very gross.
Reply





charlie hall says: 

			February 9, 2016 at 2:02 am 
Send our rebates .You are only caning the flames against your company.Settle up now.Be honorable.
ADMIN – Hi Charlie,
We are not the company or the admin. We are simply an informational website. 
Reply





charlie says: 

			February 9, 2016 at 5:12 pm 
chunk light is now mush
Reply





pbruner says: 

			February 10, 2016 at 3:20 am 
i just thought it was like everything these days you pay more get less product.
Reply





Amber says: 

			February 10, 2016 at 3:36 pm 
How do I change my address??
ADMIN – Hi Amber,
You change your address by sending a notification via mail to the class action administrator. 
Reply





ReBecca Lollar says: 

			February 11, 2016 at 4:59 pm 
it has been almost 5 months when I filed my claim & haven’t gotten mine either!!! What’s the major hold up??????
ADMIN – Hi Rebecca,
I don’t think there is a hold up. Most settlements take a significant amount of time to be paid. 
Reply





Andreia Liborio says: 

			February 11, 2016 at 10:03 pm 
I filed my claim in August, I haven’t received my ck either
ADMIN – Hi Andreia,
Please refer to my other responses. The checks have not been issued. 
Reply





Susan Gosine says: 

			February 11, 2016 at 10:47 pm 
Filed my claim in August, ’15 on line,  the claim form receipt shows my claim # is -1(?). Will I still get my claim refund? Also, a friend of mine had 2 separate CHARGES of $2.50 on HER CREDIT CARD from the Starkist Tuna Lawsuit? What’s up with that? She NEVER puts her credit card number on anything, and doesn’t use a credit card for groceries.  How did they get her number? and what’s the charge for?
ADMIN – Hi Susan,
That sounds strange. Please contact the class action administrator. 
Reply





Larry D. Hervey says: 

			February 13, 2016 at 9:56 pm 
When will the refunds be sent?
ADMIN – Hi Larry,
Refunds are commonly sent when a settlement is finalized and all the claims are processed. 
Reply





barbra hurman says: 

			February 15, 2016 at 2:47 am 
My claim was filed on September 2, 2015, on line received receipt that shows my claim number and I have not received a notice or a refund from the class action lawsuit.  Will it ever happen or was it just a ruse?  Still waiting.
Hi Barbra,
I encourage you to read all the comments specifically the responses I have given other community members. A class action settlement is not like a rebate where each instance is processed upon receipt. You must wait until the whole settlement is finalized and all appeals have been completed and then you will receive monies. In some instances this process takes years. 
Reply





richard thistle says: 

			February 15, 2016 at 6:32 pm 
Glad to see the full can of tuna my favorite tuna solid white in water  sorry I had to file a claim
Reply





BillyJack says: 

			February 17, 2016 at 9:41 pm 
If you’re ever curious as to where to find greed in this country, look no further than a Class Action Lawsuit message board. You people are demanding something that I’m sure you had no idea about until the news reported it. Some of you even said that you’re depending on either a $25 check or a $50 tuna voucher. Seriously? Go to a food bank if it’s that bad!
Reply





Hungry For Tuna says: 

			February 18, 2016 at 9:43 pm 
My food bank had a sign on a particular blank space on the shelf where you would find Starkist tuna. It said you should sign up for the class action suite.
Reply







john says: 

			February 18, 2016 at 5:10 pm 
when will payment or vouchers be sent out? How can we check if claims have been processed.
ADMIN – HI John,
We have no idea. For example the Red Bull case closed in 2014 and they are just barely paying it now. Be patient. 
Reply





Mike says: 

			February 20, 2016 at 2:34 am 
Also submitted a claim and never got a refund.
Reply





Heidi F says: 

			February 21, 2016 at 1:59 am 
I filed my claim for free cans in August 2015. No refund. No free tuna. Nothing. So I no longer buy Starkist.
Reply





Stephen S says: 

			February 22, 2016 at 6:19 am 
I filed the claim….have not heard a thing — what gives?
Reply





Kris says: 

			February 23, 2016 at 12:06 am 
Hi Admin, I appreciate all the frustration that you must be feeling with the lack of information and the people questioning the status.  If they created a website to file the claim and get additional information, it would be nice if they would provide claimants with the ability to check based the claim number.  It would make things less frustrating and would be something easy for them to do.  Thank you for trying to keep on top of this.  The issue is with Starkist and the attorney.
Hi Kris,
The situation with this settlement is not claim-specific. By this I mean that nobody has yet received a check or coupons because the settlement is not quite at that stage. If the admin was to set a system that allowed people to check by claim number the response for everyone would be pretty standard. We are mainly dealing with  consumers that are unfamiliar with the way a settlement works thus they get restless when the process does not advance as quick as they think it should. 
Reply





Linda S. says: 

			February 23, 2016 at 7:02 pm 
What is the outcome of this claim.  I submitted my claim on 8-30-15.
ADMIN – Hi Linda,
A class action settlement is not based on the date of your submission. It is based on the important dates set by the judge. It may be a long time before any of us see a check. 
Reply





Cheryl Tears says: 

			February 23, 2016 at 10:02 pm 
This Lawsuit has taken so long, I nearly forgot about it.  I NEED TO UPDATE MY ADDRESS..  PLEASE LET ME KNOW HOW TO UPDATE MY ADDRESS.  It is sad when you are led to believe you are getting what you paid for only to find out it’s not true.  Hopefully, StarKist has fixed this problem.
ADMIN – Hi Cheryl,
This settlement has not taken long. It is taking the type of time that most settlements take. To update your address you must contact the class action administrator. Their address is available by scrolling up.
Reply





Jeff says: 

			February 24, 2016 at 7:21 pm 
So, will the judge’s rejection of the settlement mean that we will no longer get our vouchers/checks?
Will we have to resubmit our claims?
ADMIN – HI Jeff,
In reviewing the most recent documents I don’t see a rejection. I see this https://www.tunalawsuit.com/Documents/Stipulation%20of%20Settlement.pdf
Reply





Jeff says: 

			February 24, 2016 at 7:59 pm 
I saw this:
https://www.undercurrentnews.com/2016/02/23/judge-12m-starkist-underfilling-settlement-unfairly-limits-possibility-of-further-antitrust-claims/
ADMIN – Hi Jeff,
This is actually good news to the consumer. What it means is that in the terms it said that in the future you could not take action against the tuna manufacturer. The judge did not find that to be fair. He rejected the terms of the settlement not the settlement itself. 
Reply







Rhonda Lane says: 

			February 24, 2016 at 10:31 pm 
I filed my claim before the deadline and still have not received my coupons. What is going on with this?
ADMIN – Hi Rhonda,
I encourage you to read our responses to other comments. In short, the checks or coupons have not been issued yet. Be patient.
Reply





Hope Joseph says: 

			February 25, 2016 at 5:28 pm 
We sent in a claim-the # is 60366336901 quite a long time ago. I retained the copy that it said we should keep from Aug 26, 2016 but we never received the check.  I know another person who did it and received the check quite quickly.  Our email is hopeandchris@centurylink.net
ADMIN – Hi Hope,
The settlement was rejected by the judge. They are not working on revising the terms. It may take a long time before you receive any monies. 
Reply







Dena Livingston says: 

			February 27, 2016 at 7:56 pm 
Myself and a family member took part in filing this claim. At this time we have recieved no response.  Makes me wonder if this was a scam …..
Reply





Carla says: 

			February 28, 2016 at 12:50 am 
Never received my tuna
Reply





frank says: 

			February 29, 2016 at 7:44 pm 
waiting to make more money so they pay with interest money good business move but i have not bought one can since suit something fishy?
ADMIN – Hi Frank,
At the moment this settlement is pending. A judge rejected the settlement finding that some of the terms were not fair to the consumer. 
Reply





ramona maynard says: 

			March 1, 2016 at 5:23 pm 
i filed in August 2015, when are we getting our settlement.
ADMIN – Hi Ramona,
Not anytime soon. The terms were rejected by the judge. 
Reply





Sarah says: 

			March 3, 2016 at 5:07 pm 
When is the next hearing date?
ADMIN – Hi Sarah,
I do not know. As soon as I hear more info I will share it accordingly.
Reply





Steve says: 

			March 4, 2016 at 2:45 pm 
I need to change my address i have moved since i filed the claim
ADMIN – Hi Steve,
The best way to change your address is to send a note via snail mail to the admin. Include all the pertinent info as well as your new address. 
Reply





perry mccarter says: 

			March 4, 2016 at 3:56 pm 
Where’s the tuna or the money, If it was not for people like us  you lawyer’s would not make million’s dollars
ADMIN – Hi Perry,
No tuna or money yet. The judge rejected the terms of the settlement. 
Reply





Rich Gibson says: 

			March 4, 2016 at 7:20 pm 
what is the story?? is this a scam or what?? I filled out all the info on 8/28/15 and received a claim number of 61075783701 and told to retain for my records and I would get my $25.00 cash payment…got NOTHING yet
ADMIN – Hi Rich,
Not a scam, just delays in the process. 
Reply





Allen C. says: 

			March 4, 2016 at 7:25 pm 
Hello,
I noticed that reading some of the responses, one of them stated that the terms of the settlement were rejected. Were they rejected by the judge presiding over the case? And, if so, how will this affect the settlement?  I am not impatiently waiting for the vouchers, I am just curious. 
Thank you
ADMIN – Hi Allen,
The judge presiding rejected the settlement because if hindered the consumer’s capacity to pursue future cases against the tuna packer. Basically the terms have to be revised and submitted to the judge for consideration. This may take years. Eventually we will all see vouchers or money but it may take a long time. 
Reply





Cindy says: 

			March 5, 2016 at 6:42 pm 
I moved to a new address.  How do I change my address for the claim?
ADMIN – Hi Cindy
You send your notification to
Hendricks v. StarKist Co. Settlement Administrator
P.O. Box 40007
College Station, TX 77842-4007
Reply





carolyn hailey says: 

			March 6, 2016 at 4:01 pm 
i have a claim no. since sept . 1 of 2015. for $25 and have not received it. what do you mean the judge rejected it….
are you going back to court?
are we going to get anything–the ones that filed a claim?
can you email us or update us on what will happen next? or by the rejection, does this mean no ones gets anything?
ADMIN – Hi Carolyn,
That means both parties have to come up with revised terms for the judge to consider. Once they have terms that the judge considers appropriate and fair the case will be finalized and consumers will receive payments if applicable. I can’t email you any updates but you can follow me on Facebook where I post the latest news on all the settlements. 
Reply





Connie says: 

			March 7, 2016 at 3:12 am 
I have moved since I filed a claim.  Where can I send my new address to insure I receive my vouchers?  Thank you!
ADMIN – Hi Connie,
Send a snail mail notification to 
Starkist ADMIN
P.O. Box 40007
College Station, TX 77842-4007
1-888-643-6376
Reply





lorrie says: 

			March 7, 2016 at 4:21 am 
I have a change of address and not really sure where to send it.
Lorrie
Laplustooley@hotmail.com
ADMIN – Hi Laurie,
Send a note via snail mail to the admin using the address we provide on the main page for the settlement. 
Reply





lorrie says: 

			March 8, 2016 at 3:09 am 
Awesome
Thanks
Reply







Jean Eisel says: 

			March 7, 2016 at 12:41 pm 
Hi , I put a claim in on October 15, 2015….and I have not heard a thing?   Have rebates been sent????
Thank you.
ADMIN – Hi Jean,
The settlement was rejected by a California judge who found that the terms were not fair to the consumer. 
Reply





Teresa Davis says: 

			March 7, 2016 at 4:39 pm 
Looking for my StarKist Tuna Refund? Is there a place where we can check the status?
Thanks
ADMIN – Hi Teresa,
Per the last update the judge rejected the terms of the settlement. He did not feel the terms were fair to consumers. It may be a while before this comes to a full resolution. 
Reply





anne knauff says: 

			March 11, 2016 at 1:26 am 
Teresa DAvis
I saw your letter on starkest tuna class action .I wanted to tell u that there going back to court on march 15 2016
I applied online in October or nov 2015 to get my cash refund for tuna fish .if u like to write back send a message to me .anne knauff
Reply







Wendy says: 

			March 9, 2016 at 3:12 am 
Good god people read the comments posted by admin , if you need to change your address scroll to top or send it snail mail, refunds have not been sent out yet could take upto 150 days after everything is checked double check and so on .and this is a site for people who were unsuspecting and got ripped off by a major company , if you dont like then simple find some other form of entertainment , most of us dont mind paying for what we buy but thats just it we were over charged by actual weight of tuna . If you filled a claim before deadline sit back be patient ( it is a virtue) and just wait it will come .
ADMIN – Hi Wendy,
It appears it will take more than 150 days. Last I heard the judge rejected the terms of the settlement. He found the terms to be unjust for the final consumer. 
Reply





Vicky says: 

			March 9, 2016 at 8:20 pm 
I would like the name of the judge in the lawsuit. I think he needs to be disbarred. I am beginning to think and for very good reason he was paid in…Tuna. [profanity deleted]!! Time for everyone to boycott. This tuna is probably coming from china and is probably really not tuna but maybe fido. #BoyCottCharlieTuna
Hi Vicky,
We commend your enthusiasm on this matter. But before you move forward and start a national movement you may want to take a moment to read why the judge presiding denied the judgement. In a nutshell he is protecting you and millions of consumers from unfair terms: 
http://pidp.eastwestcenter.org/pireport/2016/February/02-25-12.htm
Reply





anne knauff says: 

			March 9, 2016 at 10:15 pm 
hi I filled out a claim in October 2015 for Hendricks vs starkest company to get a check refund for 25.oo I feel its a scam too its march 9 2016 today still no check in the mail .when are they going to court again .could u please email me back .anne
ADMIN – Hi Anne,
I normally don’t email back but I am happy to give you the latest updates via this reply. 
1. Not a scam.
2. They are going reconvene on March 15 to address revised terms.
You can take a closer look at the reasoning behind the denial on this article: 
http://pidp.eastwestcenter.org/pireport/2016/February/02-25-12.htm
Reply





How Do You Tuna Fish? says: 

			March 10, 2016 at 3:53 pm 
So the judge rejected the settlement but doesn’t define what they think is  fair settlement?     I’m starting to think most of the people due  settlements will either be dead or in nursing homes by the time they get their checks/vouchers.
It would at least be nice if they revealed how  many people made the deadline for cash and vouchers so at least WE could determine if the final payments were fair.   Consumers who joined the suit by the deadline obviously found the terms acceptable.    The only way it might not be if so many people signed up that the end results was  something like  $2 in cash or $4 in vouchers instead of $25 /  $50.     If the court released the numbers it would be easy to calculate.    $8 million In cash would mean no more than 320,000 people could have signed up for full $25 checks and for   $4 million in vouchers  no more than 80,000 could have signed up without resulting in reductions in the settlements.
ADMIN – Hi There!
The rejection does not have anything to do with the potential amount; instead the judge is concerned with terms that were inserted after the initial approval that hinder your future ability to take legal action against the tuna packer. 
Reply





anne knauff says: 

			March 10, 2016 at 9:09 pm 
when should we been getting our checks when they meet march 15 2016 .I check facebook often .thank u for answering me .anne
ADMIN – Hi Anne,
Not anytime soon. The judge will meet with the parties on March 15 to discuss the terms and then we shall see what happens. 
Reply





Theresa says: 

			March 11, 2016 at 12:55 am 
My God, these people act like that 25.00 or 50.00 in coupons is there only source of income or way to eat!!!! I just got a check for a class action law suit and it was settled 3 years ago…stop worrying about it….it will come, when it comes..if it does! Think of it as a surprise in the mailbox and be thankful
Reply





Tracy says: 

			March 12, 2016 at 2:09 am 
Exactly!!   Someone with some sense
Reply





TUN4life says: 

			March 12, 2016 at 2:27 am 
Well said!
Many people are asking about the money but I suspect they just want to know whats going on. There isn’t much updates available through the web; at least I couldn’t find any current news except for this thread. With all the questions/comments about the rebate status, its really sad to conclude they are just looking for an extra buck. 
TUNA for life!
Reply







How Do You Tuna Fish? says: 

			March 11, 2016 at 2:02 pm 
ADMIN,  thanks for explaining why there is a delay.  It would still be nice if there was disclosure of how many people signed on to receive cash / vouchers – which was known several months go when the deadline for signing up for the class action suit passed.
Of course there is nothing to prevent Starkist from increasing their prices slightly or reducing amount in the cans by, for example – 1/2 ounce, and keeping the price the same in future years to compensate for the cost of the lawsuit.   And as long as they comply with amount of actual tuna (minus liquid) for a smaller can – its 100% legal.   With Starkist $12 million + legal costs is small change to the parent company from South Korea – Dongwon Industries.      That’s the way it is with all lawsuits – be they tuna companies, car companies, drug companies,  doctors or hospitals.  In the end the lawsuit costs are distributed across all consumers of the product/service.  The only exception being is if the lawsuit drives the entity out of business and they file bankruptcy.
Companies in general are always Shrinking the quantity in the package to keep prices the same.   One time I even caught the switchover.  Years ago Quaker granola bars were 10 to a box and then shrank to 8 bars to box and both  sizes were on the shelf at the same time.  Price was the same.  Of course they know consumers are price sensitive and don’t notice less in the package as much as price.  Breakfast cereal companies learned that a long time ago.  Now some cereal comes in boxes less than 9 ounces.  They make the boxes taller and slimmer.    Dominos sugar was  5 pound to a bag for as long I’ve been alive and a couple of years ago they finally reduced the size to 4 pounds while keeping price about the same.  Of course as long as they are putting the stated weight in the package it legal.  I regularly check Grocery Shrink Ray at the Consumerist website for heads up on these things.   Maybe I should start weighing my bags of sugar?  LOL
ADMIN – Hi There,
As you probably know I am not the admin of the settlement. You may want to try giving them a call and see if the total number of applicants is a number they are willing to discuss. I suspect participation was higher than expected just based on the amount of press coverage this case had. 
Reply





Tracy says: 

			March 12, 2016 at 2:08 am 
Dear Admin of this page.
You are doing a great job.
 Wow there are a Lot of dumb people.
 Big Hug for you because you have to see all of the idiocy. 
For the rest of you, If you would try reading you would find the answer to your question already posted on this page
ADMIN – Hi Tracy,
It can be challenging at times but we are always reminded that there is a person on the other side of the screen who deserves a response. Thanks for visiting our page. 
Reply





Rick says: 

			March 15, 2016 at 4:40 pm 
Just found this thread.  Not worried too much about the money, but came across a saved email from when I filed a claim and thought “Oh yeah, where IS that $25?”  No updates on the claim page, but this site was very informative (and a little disheartening to see how much people fret over such a little thing).  Thanks to whomever is running this site.
ADMIN – Hi Rick,
You are quite welcome. There are plenty of food-related class actions so keep checking with us. Have a fantastic week. 
Reply





anne knauff says: 

			March 15, 2016 at 11:12 pm 
what happen today march 15 2016 .I heard they went to court what happened .its says they finally settled the tuna fish settlement .can u find out whats happening .anne
ADMIN – Hi Anne,
Until the press releases something I won’t have anything to share with you. 
Reply





Keith Roux says: 

			March 17, 2016 at 12:26 pm 
I find it funny that big corporations can stall and stall and stall because they have the big bucks while us little people who spent their money on a product we took in stride to be right and are fraudulently trampled upon, then  you must wait for your result. One thing is for certain, be it Starkist or Kraft  etc. once you burn me, your product does not seem to important to buy while there are so many others to choose from, makes me sick.
Reply





ben says: 

			March 17, 2016 at 5:25 pm 
oh how cute!   Another tuna recall…..social media, word of mouth….hopefully your company wont survive….horrible pathetic company….the word is out …
ADMIN – Hi Ben,
Are you wishing for our destruction or Starkist’s?
Reply





ken stockham says: 

			March 17, 2016 at 8:38 pm 
I applied online unless that was all a lie as well…..have not heard a word……don’t buy starkest…..
ADMIN – Hi Ken,
Please take a moment to read the responses we have given to other community members. Class action settlements take time, sometimes years. 
Reply





andy says: 

			March 17, 2016 at 8:54 pm 
What is the news on the settlement? Have not recieved anything yet?
ADMIN – Hi Andy,
We have not received information regarding the outcome of the March 16 meeting. Once we know something about it we will post it. 
Reply





T says: 

			March 17, 2016 at 9:19 pm 
I haven’t received anything either. I purchased some tuna recently and it was awful. As much as I would like some free tuna, now I wish I’d asked for the money. Now Bumble Bee is recalling theirs. I tell you it’s enough to put you off tuna altogether. If my voucher ever comes I’m not sure I’ll use it.
Reply





roberta marcheso says: 

			March 18, 2016 at 3:09 pm 
I have not received any reimbursement either and this is March 18, 2016
Reply





C Joseph says: 

			March 18, 2016 at 6:01 pm 
So where is the settlement?  I filled everything out and haven’t received a settlement or a letter explaining anything about this lawsuit.
ADMIN – Hi C. Joseph,
If you take a moment to review the responses we have given to other community members you will note that the judge rejected the terms of the settlement forcing the defendants to present revised terms. This took place on 3/16. Presently we do not know the results of this meeting. 
Reply





r says says: 

			March 18, 2016 at 8:49 pm 
Filed a claim in August of 2015. Where is check from the settlement? Do I need to hire a lawyer to collect??????
I have a claim number, now what??????
ADMIN – Hi r says,
Now you wait. This case may take longer than expected. Last we heard the terms of the settlement were rejected forcing the defendants to submit revised terms for the judge to assess and decide if the new terms are beneficial to consumers in the long run.
Reply





Kenneth says: 

			March 18, 2016 at 10:03 pm 
Well, I guess its about time to contact the court to let them know starkist is refusing to live up to the settlement,…and to ask for further damages be added to the settlement.
ADMIN – Hi Kenneth,
Unless you objected to the settlement you may not contact the court as disclosed in the long notice. 
Reply





Linda Johnson says: 

			March 18, 2016 at 11:52 pm 
If I buy tuna it’s the albacore or a higher grade than the regular tuna; the regular tuna I give to my cat these days.
Reply





Jenni says: 

			March 20, 2016 at 1:39 am 
If all I had to do was wait for a 25$ check or 50$ in free tuna life would be good.  Seriously?  They screwed people by misstating weight… yeah, big nono.  I am in on the tuna settlement, but I don’t watch my mailbox, nor do I think about it much…
Reply





Dave Malland says: 

			March 20, 2016 at 6:11 pm 
Still waiting for compensation from Hendricks on class action suit win against Starkist. Submitted my claim on-line months ago.  I smell a rat (criminals).  Will call my congressman if this is not settled properly this month (March)!
ADMIN – Hi Dave,
I am pretty confident this settlement will not reach a happy conclusion in March. It may take a long while before the defendants present terms that the judge finds to be consumer-friendly.
Reply





Richard says: 

			March 22, 2016 at 7:41 pm 
So has anyone received either the $25 or the Tuna? Anyone at all in the entire country? Surely someone must have received it by now.
I know I haven’t.
ADMIN – Hi Richard,
Nobody has received their money or their tuna. The settlement was rejected by the judge who found the terms to be unfair to you the consumer. 
Reply





Lisa Richardson says: 

			March 23, 2016 at 9:48 pm 
Reading all these comments has given me quite the laugh today!  And Admin, you have the patience of a saint. And those of you who say you are going to start your own lawsuits?  That was some of the funniest stuff.  This is not the golden goose that is going to make you a millionaire.  You might get a few cans of tuna or a little cash.  Forget about it, get a life, and just enjoy the results when you receive them.  Not one of you is waiting on this law suit to eat dinner tonight, I guarantee. Please, read a book, go for a walk, go fishing even. If your life is consumed with the results of this settlement, I truly feel sorry for you.  Sad life.
ADMIN – Hi Lisa, 
I love your suggestion to go fishing. Perhaps tuna fishing may just do the trick…
Thanks for visiting our website
Reply





hannah says: 

			March 30, 2016 at 3:07 pm 
Lisa, I totally agree with you!!!!  I was laughing also.  I enjoyed the argument over feeding tuna to your cats or not.  LOL!  Have a great day going out into the world!!!
Reply







anne knauff says: 

			March 24, 2016 at 5:23 am 
there notice about the tuna star kist that we will probably get our rebate check towards the end of the year .I don’t think its fair anne
ADMIN – Hi Anne,
Why don’t you think is fair? 
Reply





Chloe Paukune says: 

			March 25, 2016 at 8:08 pm 
My claim  has not been filled Claim Number is 60779573601 August 27 2015.
ADMIN – Hi Chloe,
Great to know. Now I encourage you to patiently wait for this case to be resolved under new terms that the judge presiding the case feels are fair to you and thousands of consumers. 
Reply





Rick says: 

			March 28, 2016 at 12:27 am 
Since the judge shot it down do we automatically lose?  Do we have to re file? Just curious, I’m more of the go fishing type. Ha!  Thanks
ADMIN – Hi Rick,
No need to file again. You just need to wait until the defendant comes up with terms that the judge finds fair. 
Reply





Lyndall Riedel says: 

			March 28, 2016 at 4:18 pm 
Where’s my refund!!? It’s been 6 dos!
ADMIN – Hi Lyndall,
Have you taken a moment to read my other responses? If not please spend a little time reading the comments. 
Reply





Frank says: 

			March 29, 2016 at 12:51 am 
Why did we agree to the $50 in tuna product or $25 in cash if the settlement was not finalized….the system is such as joke in this country…understand people, they delay the funds (so far $12 million or about $10 million in cash) for a year or two or more so that StarKist can make approximately half back in interest over the several year period, people in the settlement die, get sick, move and don’t change their address and that’s money the corporation gets back and saves and it doesn’t pay out.  Why did we waste time filling out forms and agreeing to the amounts if the settlement was not finalized?  It would seem that we would fill out forms agreeing to the final amounts when a final amount is reached.
ADMIN – Hi Frank,
The judge is looking after consumers in general who are short sighted in their vision. Basically he wants to make sure that there is an option to take action against Starkest should they decide to engage in business practices that are unfair or illegal. 
Reply





LemonHed says: 

			March 29, 2016 at 9:32 pm 
Reading these post was a fantastic way to relieve a little stress this afternoon.  I filed my claim some time ago and will sit patiently, but am truly fascinated by all of the apparent damage this has caused to so many people’s well-being!
Admin, it was stated prior, but I will say it again: Patience of a saint.  Wow.  Just wow.
ADMIN – Hi There!
Thank you for your sweet words of encouragement. Some of the comments and questions coming my way make me seriously question the efficacy of our educational system. Have a fantastic day and keep visiting. 
Reply





Mark says: 

			March 30, 2016 at 12:08 am 
gee, now i have to live in the same place until i get my tuna?  (sarcasm off) lol
Reply





Mark says: 

			March 30, 2016 at 12:13 am 
where are you moderating from, London? noticed the time difference.
ADMIN – Hi Mark,
I don’t moderate in real time. I go in and read comments when my schedule permits. Sometimes it may take me a whole day or more to get to comments. 
Reply





Charlie the Tuna says: 

			April 1, 2016 at 7:01 pm 
Are you serious?  Gonna call my congressman! Do I need to get my own lawyer?  You people are insane.  99.99% of you probably didn’t hear about this lawsuit until it was big news online in August and now you want to act like this $25.00 is going to solve all your financial problems in life!  Get a grip, if you need $25 that bad get in touch with me and I will let you mow my yard!!!
ADMIN – Hi Charlie,
How large is your yard? I charge a minimum of $50. 🙂 
Reply





Patricia Schumann says: 

			April 13, 2016 at 4:25 pm 
Well gee Charlie, if they shorted us on tuna in the cans, I could say the same thing!  If they needed the money that much to rip off consumers, I do not feel sorry for them.  Pay back!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Reply







william says: 

			April 2, 2016 at 9:21 pm 
It is unbelievable i have summited my claim on August 31,2016. So far i have not gotten
anything i am a can fish lover. I eat Starkist Tuna almost every day in all the way that i can prepare it, anyways i will still eating and bying it. But i puted my claim because i bought specially that brand.
GOOD LUCK :TO ALL OF YOU.
Reply





Momski007 says: 

			April 2, 2016 at 11:19 pm 
Ditto LemonHed  Hope they take their $25.00 and use for Remedial Reading Course.
Reply





MikeB. says: 

			April 5, 2016 at 10:33 am 
So what happens if we move and the forwarding ends before they decide to send out stuff.  What do we do in that case.  I might be moving soon to different address and want to make sure that I get the vouchers.
Thanks
ADMIN – Hi Mike,
You send a note via snail mail with your claim number and new address to the address provided in the main settlement page. 
Reply





mili d s says: 

			April 7, 2016 at 4:00 am 
When do we get our refund or voucher?
ADMIN – Hi Mili,
In the not so near future. This case is taking longer than expected. The next update will be on April 21st
Reply





How Do You Tuna Fish? says: 

			April 7, 2016 at 1:55 pm 
Trying to interpret all the lawyer babble in the filings is daunting.   Its another reason why people don’t like dealing with lawyers.    They seem incapable of writing anything in plain English.    For any court document a “translator” should produce a summary that the average person can understand.  
 From what I can see the next important date is another hearing April 21st?   And its all about a couple of people on the Plaintiff side involving a few words here and there about including anti-trust  once or twice and other minor word changes?    Hopefully the judge will finally say what the language should be and get this over with.  
Was there any word on how many people actually signed up for the lawsuit so one could determine what the actual payout per person will be?   I’m guessing based on all the press last summer/fall the amounts will be probably be cut in half or close to it.  Especially since no proof was required in
 order to be eligible.
ADMIN – Hi HDYTF,
You are correct on both counts. Participation was high so expect a smaller settlement and the next key date is April 21st. 
Reply





Marie Jones says: 

			April 12, 2016 at 1:20 pm 
I don’t think we’re getitng anything.  If you can, copy and paste this into your browser.  Here’s a small excerpt from the article: https://www.undercurrentnews.com/2016/02/23/judge-12m-starkist-underfilling-settlement-unfairly-limits-possibility-of-further-antitrust-claims/
February 23, 2016, 6:07 pm
Tom Seaman	
A US judge denied final approval of a $12 million settlement for consumers accusing Starkist of selling under-filled cans of tuna, stating the terms unfairly limit the possibility off future antitrust claims against the company.
Although the court “recognizes the costs stemming from a denial of final approval, in light of the reservations identified, all of which were raised by objectors, it cannot conclude that the “proposed settlement is fair, reasonable, and adequate”, according to the court document, filed on Feb. 19.
ADMIN – Hi Marie,
What this means is that the terms have to be revised to be more consumer-friendly. 
Reply





Nicole M says: 

			April 14, 2016 at 12:42 am 
Does anyone know how we’ll be notified when the settlement is finalized and the vouchers will be sent out?  Do we just need to keep checking back here?
ADMIN – Hi Nicole,
Best way to find out the latest is to follow our Facebook page. I am prompt to post updates as soon as I hear something. 
Reply





Nicole M says: 

			April 14, 2016 at 12:55 am 
Also just started reading more of this thread and agree some of this quite sophomoric.  With that being said, let me apologize if you had already answered my previous question.  I just didn’t have the time nor the patience to read through all of it.  I truly appreciate what you (admin) are doing.  Thanks for wading through the muck and providing some answers.
Reply





William Paul says: 

			April 24, 2016 at 8:32 pm 
Just wait and see what the final results will be
Reply





How Do You Tuna Fish? says: 

			May 6, 2016 at 5:42 pm 
What happened in court April 21st?   2 weeks later and nothing.  No new court documents that I’ve seen.   Did the hearing take place?
ADMIN – Hi HDYTF,
I have not seen any updates on this case. I suspect it won’t go forward until the judge receives terms that are fair to consumers in the long-run
Reply





Jeff says: 

			May 12, 2016 at 6:15 pm 
Eh…. those terms were fair… 50 bucks worth of free tuna for people, 99 9/10% of whom (myself included) had no idea that they were getting “screwed” by Starkist.  Personally, I think that sounds abundantly fair. 🙂
Reply







How Do You Tuna Fish? says: 

			May 23, 2016 at 4:41 pm 
I guess we should all put a note in our Wills  as to who gets the check/coupons since its likely most of us will be 6 feet under by the time they send out checks/vouchers.    Its been a month since the last hearing and nothing.  Not even a filing regarding the results that I can find.
Reply





Alane Younger says: 

			February 7, 2017 at 8:18 pm 
It’s now Feb 2017 and have received no settlement or rebate!!!  Has anyone received yet?
ADMIN – Hi Alane,
This settlement was paid many months ago.
Reply





Colleen Ward says: 

			February 9, 2017 at 7:45 pm 
What was the final ruling ?  When will the notice of the settlement and/.or the settlement be sent out ?
ADMIN – Hi Colleen,
Everyone got a $4 check because so many people applied for it.
Reply





m wince says: 

			February 10, 2017 at 4:05 pm 
Where’s my rebate ????
ADMIN – Hi Mr. Wince,
I have no idea. The checks were sent last year. 
Reply





colleen ward says: 

			February 10, 2017 at 6:00 pm 
I am interested in the final settlement of the Starkist hearing . When will notification and/or rebate be sent to everyone in the class action suit ????
ADMIN – Hi Colleen,
This settlement was paid a year ago.
Reply





Robin Martin says: 

			February 10, 2017 at 10:19 pm 
I’ve not received mine either.  This was very poorly orchestrated.
Reply





John I says: 

			February 12, 2017 at 2:13 pm 
Admin: I have an official claim form receipt, with a claim number, from 8/27/2015. No check or proceeds have ever been received. All contact information on the claim form receipt is accurate. Where, or with who, can I follow up upon the non-receipt of the settlement funds?
ADMIN – Hi John,
This settlement was paid many months ago. I don’t think you have any recourse at this point.
Reply





Linda Stupar says: 

			February 12, 2017 at 6:46 pm 
I filed 8/28/15 and have a claim number but I have no Product Voucher or Claim Check.
Please advise us who have not received our claims what are the next steps to take.
Thank you.
ADMIN – Hi Linda,
You are way too late. This settlement was paid out months ago. The window of opportunity to submit a request for investigation of missing checks is probably closed.
Reply





Connie Griesbach says: 

			February 13, 2017 at 2:23 am 
I haven’t received my settlement either.  $4 or $25, doesn’t matter.  I have received nothing, but sounds lots of other folks didn’t either.  What gives?
ADMIN – Hi Connie,
At this point there is very little you can do. It has been a long time and the settlement no longer has funds. 
Reply





Barbara Bower says: 

			February 13, 2017 at 7:00 pm 
I submitted a claim #61970406801 9/26/15.  To date have not seen a payment.  I have changed my address as of 12/1/16 and would like to know how to provide you with the change of address.  Please email that information.
ADMIN – Hi Barbara,
Please wait a few months for an update. These things take time. 
Reply





Joan Grups says: 

			February 14, 2017 at 5:35 pm 
We filed a claim October 11, 2015 and have still not received a settlement.  Is this still active?  I have our claim number.
ADMIN – Hi Joan,
This was paid out months ago. If you did not receive your check it was probably lost in the mail. Too much time has passed and there is no recourse. 
Reply





william says: 

			February 14, 2017 at 7:39 pm 
something is awful fishy with recieving my invisible voucher from my claim!
Reply





Real Fishy says: 

			February 14, 2017 at 8:35 pm 
Never saw a dime, eat tuna a lot. Time to switch brands.
Reply





Frank says: 

			February 22, 2017 at 2:04 pm 
I filed a claim last year and still haven’t received anything.  Each time I checked, it said to wait as things are still pending.  Was this a scam??
ADMIN – Hi Frank,
This was paid a few months ago. There was a large number of participants and people received like $4.
Reply





Steve says: 

			February 23, 2017 at 4:20 am 
I don’t know who this “Admin” person is who’s telling people here that ” This settlement was paid a year ago.a year ago” because the settlement wasn’t final-approved until October/November of 2016.  So obviously that is false information.  Also, there were no checks for $4 as the Admin claims.  Checks are only supposed to be for about $2.20.  So again, more false information.
I plan on calling Starkist tomorrow to find out what’s going on as I too have not received any vouchers.  If they claim to have sent out the settlements then something underhanded is going on if this many people have not received any reimbursement. Perhaps we need file another class action lawsuit…
Reply





Laura says: 

			March 11, 2017 at 12:59 am 
did you ever find anything out? I haven’t heard anything either, and I filed a claim as well!
Reply







lois spurck says: 

			February 23, 2017 at 10:33 pm 
I didn’t receive anything and I have a claim number,  won’t ever buy this crap again and I’m going to spread the word.  Thanks for the watery, tu a flavored sandwich.  Really helps a single mom, who chose your crap.
Reply





Lisa Wallace says: 

			March 9, 2017 at 6:56 pm 
How can I change my address?
ADMIN – Hi Lisa,
To change your address you submit a written request to the admin using the contact info provided above.
Reply





Latoya Gilbert says: 

			March 18, 2017 at 9:03 pm 
I would need to change my address and telephone number
ADMIN – Hi Latoya,
Please send a letter with your claim number to the admin, include your old and new address. 
Reply





D says: 

			March 20, 2017 at 7:28 pm 
If anyone would check the site…
“UPDATE – March 2017 – The District Court granted Final Approval to the Settlement but there were appeals filed, meaning the Settlement is not yet final. Appeals can take months or years to resolve, please be patient and check this site for future updates on the status of the Settlement.”
Reply





Shirley Williams says: 

			April 16, 2017 at 9:59 am 
My address has changed.  It is 2825 Bluegrass Lane, Apt. 608, Henderson, NV 89074.  It was 5933 Natures Drive, Las Vegas, NV 89122.  My phone number has changed.  It was 702 218 0536.  My current number is 702 351-5010.  Please update.
ADMIN – Hi Shirley,
We don’t update addresses here. You must reach out to the admin
Reply





Linda says: 

			April 18, 2017 at 2:56 am 
I have not received any settlement and I filed August 30,2015.  When will we receive anything?
ADMIN – Hi Linda,
We don’t know. This case has been delayed.
Reply





Sandi says: 

			May 2, 2017 at 6:38 pm 
how do you let the admin know about your new address?
ADMIN – Hi Sandi,
I usually do it by mail. I send a little letter with my claim number my personal info and my new address
Reply





Mary Morwald says: 

			May 22, 2017 at 4:53 pm 
Still waiting. Don’t forget about us.
Reply





Joleane Stroud says: 

			May 23, 2017 at 12:55 pm 
I think its a SCAM bc I ve  paid out of my checking account  twice to get into the law suit Rather  get my money back ive moved to a nother location , no guarantees so give me my 6 bucks back
ADMIN – Hi Jolene,
Who did you pay? You Should never pay to be part of a class action settlement. 
Reply





Pat McAndrew says: 

			May 23, 2017 at 6:06 pm 
I applied years ago and never got a certificate for product.  What?
ADMIN – Hi Pat,
This case has not come to completion yet.
Reply





Chris Casteel says: 

			May 29, 2017 at 1:38 am 
when will this be resolved?  still waiting
ADMIN – Hi Chris,
We don’t know. 
Reply





Linda says: 

			June 3, 2017 at 4:28 pm 
Hello, I bought the Starfish Tuna’s mentioned between those dates. I would like to know if there is a claim form?
ADMIN – Hi Linda,
The deadline has passed. You may no longer apply.
Reply





Angel Rohan says: 

			June 3, 2017 at 5:51 pm 
still waiting for my refund,  it’s been a long time, what is going on with this?
ADMIN – Hi Angel,
It is still tied up in court.
Reply





Paul D McCartney says: 

			June 8, 2017 at 6:12 pm 
First the disappointment of feeling cheated then a glimpse of remorse with the offer of a small refund/replacement.  Still no justification.  It has been almost two years since I have filed.  Is there any end in sight.  sincerly very upset consumer.
Reply





David Davis says: 

			June 8, 2017 at 7:08 pm 
This whole thing seems like a big joke on us still waiting for a refund/voucher. What gives admin?
ADMIN – Hi David,
It is all about the appeals.
Reply





doug says: 

			June 29, 2017 at 11:44 pm 
People don’t get your hopes up on the refund….they are dragging there feet …by the time its settled a lot of people will have died or moved and the pay out will be much less for starkist that’s what their plan is…..I used  starkist Tuna for years, and because of the long wait I decided not to purchase their products anymore…..If they want to put the screws to the customers we should put the screws to them…don’t buy their products until we get our settlement…StarKist…. we customers have been very patient…stop with the appeals and get this lawsuit settled…
ADMIN – Hi Doug,
I am with you. Let’s not eat tuna anymore. 
Reply





andrew sloane says: 

			July 12, 2017 at 10:30 pm 
I never received formal docs or any rebate. Please advise. Andrew Sloane
ADMIN – Hi Andrew,
This settlement is under appeals
Reply





Alfred Ortiz says: 

			July 18, 2017 at 1:49 am 
I have a claim number, Would I still be eligible for it?  If so who do I contact?
ADMIN – Hi Alfred,
This settlement is under appeals
Reply





Claudia Clark says: 

			July 20, 2017 at 2:55 am 
As of today 7/19/17 you are telling me that the settlement is under appeals meaning no one that has filed a claim with in deadline has received zero? I have a claim # and my address has not changed. Comments dated earlier sounded like vouchers were sent but no one received and people calling scam. Please verify and thank you for your time on this.
ADMIN – Hi Claudia,
Yes it is under appeals, the direction of this settlement has changed so many times. 
Reply





joan dlaey says: 

			July 23, 2017 at 10:47 am 
I never got mine filed on time by the date specified
ADMIN – Hi Joan,
This settlement is under appeals.
Reply








Leave a Reply Cancel reply 
Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *Comment Name * 
Email * 
 

 




Search for:



Search



 
 Revlon DNA Advantage


 Home City Ice 


Hydroxycut Products


 Navient TCPA Unsolicited Calls












