


















Settlement Products Wikia | FANDOM powered by Wikia





















































FANDOM






  


	Games

	Movies

	TV


Wikis
 



	Explore Wikis


	Community Central


	FANDOM University







 


 

 





 My Account
 




		Sign In	

 
		Don't have an account?	

		Register	






Start a Wiki
 




























Advertisement














Settlement Products Wikia


24
Pages



 Add new page











Home


 




 View source



 




							History						



							Talk (0)						






 Share

















     
N.B. If you don't see the table of contents, click on "show" in the contents box



Welcome!
Note: This site uses a program similar to that of Wikipedia. You can jump to any section in the table of contents, or to the table of common settlement products, by clicking on the appropriate line.
Clicking on any word or line in blue opens a page with additional information.
לעברית

What is Wiki Settlement Products?
Wiki Settlement Products is a project by the Gush Shalom Movement (Israeli Peace Bloc). Its goal is to organize and make available to the public, in the most systematic and up to date manner possible, information about the factories and businesses that operate in settlements beyond the Green Line (pre-1967 border) and the products that they produce.
In 1996-97, not long after the establishment of Gush Shalom, we publicized information about settlement products, based on data gathered by our activists. In the intervening years that information, for which we did not claim any copyright, was widely disseminated – not only in the print and online versions that we publicized ourselves, but also by many other individuals and organizations. The information was copied and disseminated by various groups in the broad Israeli peace movement and abroad, and it was even read from the Knesset podium by Knesset Member Tamar Zandberg of Meretz.

http://israblog.nana10.co.il/blogread.asp?blog=283767&blogcode=12617348
http://mekomit.co.il

Moreover – on several occasions the settlers themselves, and their allies, when calling upon their supporters to use settlement products, also used the information that was publicized by Gush Shalom - verbatim, including several typos…

 http://www.kr8.co.il/BRPortal/br/P102.jsp?arc=52441

Constructing the Project
Over the years, many changes have taken place in the economic, political and legal situation in general and in particular in the composition of the factories and businesses active in the settlements. A considerable number of businesses that were located in the settlements in the 1990's have since moved to within the Green Line, or have ceased to exist. Some of these cases earned extensive media publicity. Many other cases were not as famous. In recent months our activists undertook a systematic examination.
It should be stressed that all of the information that appears here was gathered by means of the voluntary activity of activists from Gush Shalom, an NGO with limited resources and funds and which (attn. Justice Minister Shaked) receives no government support – neither from the government of Israel nor from any foreign government.
We used the Wikipedia software which is freely available online to anyone wanting to open their own Wiki on any subject and in any field they wish. We are grateful to Wikipedia for providing us with this opportunity. Clicking on any word that appears in blue leads to a webpage with additional information.

http://www.pcmag.com/article2/0,2817,2399582,00.asp
http://www.wikia.com/Special:CreateNewWiki

It should be mentioned that this is an ongoing project, as the Settlement Products Team continues its activity. On this page you can view information about common settlement products and links to more extensive information about factories and businesses in settlements, divided into subjects as well as according to areas of economic operations. Also available is other relevant information, such as companies that are located within the Green Line but are active in marketing settlement products.

Sources and Methods of Gathering Information on Settlement Products
To the material that was publicized by Gush Shalom in 1996-97 and which was updated from time to time since then, data was periodically added as it was provided to us by members and supporters who discovered settlement products in the course of their daily lives (we are deeply grateful to everyone who has helped us in collecting this information).
In the framework of Settlement Products Wiki we present below links to information that was gathered about factories that have left their locations in settlements and moved to within the Green Line, businesses that have gone out of business, and those whose continued existence and location remain in doubt. We thank everyone who has helped us with these issues.
In the course of our work we found material that was previously gathered and publicized by other peace groups, especially the "Who Profits From the Occupation?" project. We are also grateful to Peace Now for the information that Modan Bags has closed down its plant in the settlement of Shaked.

 http://www.whoprofits.org/
 http://peacenow.org.il/content/modan

In the course of gathering the data it was found that much, varied information is publicized online by the settlers themselves. Not only do businesses and factories maintain their own websites, there are two online directories that specifically cover factories and businesses in the settlements – "Dapei Katom" (Orange Pages) and "The Business Community of Samaria, Ariel, Jordan Valley, Binyamin". The editing and presentation of these directories have a clear and prominent ideological slant. At the same time, we saw fit to refer to them frequently in the course of our work and to cross-reference the listings concerning different factories and businesses. Generally speaking we consider the listings of a business in those directories to be a reliable testimony to its existence and to its being active in a settlement. And vice versa – when a business which is known to have been located at a certain settlement no longer appears in the current directories that are publicized by the settlers, that constitutes evidence that the business has relocated or has ceased to exist.

http://www.shopil.co.il/
http://www.dkatom.co.il/

In addition to the above, industrial zones in the settlements publicize detailed lists of the factories located within them. The Barkan industrial zone specifically publicizes a detailed and user-friendly list of the factories located there, including their area of business, contact people and telephone numbers.

http://www.shomron.org.il/_Uploads/dbsAttachedFiles/mifalim(1).pdf

However, it was found that such lists are not necessarily fully updated. Several phone numbers that appear on the Barkan Industrial Zone's website yield the automatic message "the number you have reached has been disconnected". The telephone number of the Bar Chairs/United Systems furniture company is answered with a recording that announces that the company "has moved to it's new location in Tel-Aviv".
Finally, we must mention the immense benefit that our team reaped from Dunsguide, "Dun and Bradstreet"'s online directory of companies as well as from judicial portal Takdin which comprises an extensive collection of court rulings in civil proceedings, including those in which settlement companies are involved. More than once, details were found in these two resources that the companies themselves chose not to reveal in their websites and in the information that they provide to the media.

http://www.dundb.co.il/prod9.asp
http://www.takdin.co.il/

How to send us questions, corrections and additional information
The purpose of this project is not to harm anyone, but rather to provide the public with accurate as possible information. The information that appears in this project was collected by volunteers and although we made immense efforts to avoid mistakes, it is possible that the project is not devoid of such. In the event that any mistakes are found in the information, they were done inadvertently and with no malicious intent.
Anyone wishing to correct mistakes, add details and/or share new information can do so by emailing us at the address below. In the event that new information is found to be reliable, we undertake to correct any mistake and to add relevant information, so that each and every user can make independent and informed decisions.
We can be contacted by email at the address:

settlement.products@gmail.com

Findings
Findings: Misleading and Concealing the Location of Factories
Many factories and businesses that are located in settlements try to conceal or obscure their location – especially companies that export to other countries or maintain other international relations. The information on the companies' websites, their advertisements in newspapers and on the packaging of their products, is often incomplete or misleading. Many companies provide two addresses, one in a settlement and one within the Green Line, in a manner that makes it very difficult to ascertain their actual location.
Click here for the compilation of the findings:

Businesses that Provide Dual Addresses - In Settlements and Within the Green Line

Settlement Businesses that Conceal Their Location - in Advertisements, on Websites, and/or on Packaging

Following are several examples:
The Frid blanket manufacturing company is located in the Barkan Industrial Zone. The company publicizes a list of shops all over Israel where its products are sold, yet without mentioning the location of the factory where the blankets are made. The same tactic is used by the furniture chain store Beitili, by Keter Plastic and by additional companies.
The Meshek Zuriel dairy markets products that come in part from the settlement Shadmot Mehola in the Jordan Valley, and part come from plants in the Galilee and the Negev. In many cases there is no transparency and no mention of the source of the product on the package.
Another method of misleading is concealing the source of the product under a "manufacturer's code". For example, General Mills Ltd., the Israeli branch of a large US manufacturer of baked goods, manufactures the brand Pillsbury. The package of the product "Pillsbury Brownies – Chocolate Flavored Balls" reads: "Produced for General Mills Ltd., Ramle, by manufacturer's code SLGL."
A website operated by the Ministry of the Economy enables deciphering manufacturer's codes of this type, leading to the discovery that in the case at hand the product comes from the Shalgal Food Ltd. Factory, located in the Atarot Industrial Zone, in an area that was annexed to Jerusalem (in fact, it is much closer to Ramallah than to the center of Jerusalem, and is the site of numerous conflicts between the Israeli military and the Palestinian residents). Even though the code can be deciphered, it is obvious that there is a huge discrepancy between the information provided in this manner on a product label and the fundamental commitment of a commercial company to provide the consumer with reliable and transparent information on the products that it markets.

 http://israelnewtech.gov.il/findManufacturerCode/Pages/default.aspx

In the case of foods, we often used the location of the rabbinate that issued the kosher certificate for products – information which the companies must provide on the package if they want to reach consumers who observe kashrut. We adopted the reasonable surmise, that the rabbinate that issues the certificate for a product is the rabbinate in the location or the area where the product was manufactured (except in cases of ultra-Orthodox kashrut, in which case the certificates are nation-wide). A kashrut certificate that was issued by the rabbinates in West Bank locations such as Ariel, Hebron, the Samaria Region Rabbinate, the Jordan Valley Rabbinate, etc., is reliable evidence that the products come from settlements at these locations. Thus, for example, a container of hummus produced by Achva may provide an address in Nes Tsiona, but the kashrut certificate from the Ariel Rabbinate testifies to the location of the factory where the hummus was manufactured.

     
The most blatant deception that our team found has to do with dates – especially Medjool dates, which are a major economic branch in the Jordan Valley settlements and a large portion of which are designated for export. For example, the Jordan River company markets dates from the Jordan Valley in carton boxes on which there is no printing in Hebrew nor any mention of the origin of the dates. The writing on the boxes of dates is in English, sometimes in other European languages (German, French, Spanish, Italian) and sometimes also in Arabic. Some of the Jordan River boxes bear "Orientalist" illustrations of camel-riders against the background of an exotic city with mosque minarets, which might create the impression for a superficial observer that they are an Arab product. However, when marketed in Israel, a Hebrew-language sticker is added to the packages that notes the origin of the dates as the Jordan Valley, the name of the packaging plant (Gilgal, Tomer, etc.) and the rabbinate that certified kashrut – the Jordan Valley Rabbinate.
Click here for more information about dates:

Supplementary Table: Dates

As opposed to the examples above, we should note the transparency policy of the Sasson Levinsky company, which markets assorted dried fruits, some of which are produced at its plant in Kiryat Gat and some at the packaging plant in the settlement Gilgal in the Jordan Valley. In this case the origin of the fruit is clearly noted on each and every package, in a manner that allows – at least a knowledgeable consumer who checks labels – ascertaining the source of the product before purchasing.

 Findings: Companies that have left the settlements or have closed 
In recent years there have been several prominent examples of companies that were located in the settlements (especially in the Barkan industrial zone) and relocated to within the Green Line, often in connection with forming international relations and specifically the purchase of the company by an international company. These examples include the Barkan Winery, which moved from the industrial zone from which it takes its name, to Kibbutz Hulda; Yardeni Locks, which moved from Barkan to the Bar Lev Industrial Park in the Galilee; Multilock,which moved from Barkan to Yavne; Bagel & Bagel, which moved from Barkan to Safed; and recently Soda Stream, which relocated from Mishor Adumim to the Negev, following an unsuccessful attempt at a PR campaign starring Scarlett Johansson. Soon afterwards the cosmetics firm Ahava announced that it was relocating from the Mitspe Shalem settlement to Kibbutz Ein Gedi, within the Green Line.
Other cases which were less prominent in the media included Intercosma Cosmetics (Atarot industrial zone to Ashdod); children's furniture company Ikoo Designs (Barkan to Ashdod and Nesher); MBT Biological Laboratories that is owned by the pharmaceutical giant Teva, which quietly relocated from the Atarot industrial zone to Beit Shemesh; and the Delta textile company, which moved its warehouses from the Atarot industrial zone to Cesaria. As mentioned above, these companies are joined by the furniture company Bar Chairs/United Systems, which still appears in the Barkan industrial zone directory, but has set up an automatic message notifying of its relocation to Tel-Aviv.
See here for the full list:

Factories/Businesses that have left the settlements

Another prominent case that has not yet been covered in the media is that of the Adanim Tea company, which was established and operated in its first years in the settlement Ofra, the "flagship" of the national-religious ideological settlements. According to the information that the team was able to gather, around 2002 the company moved from Ofra to Bethelehem-in-the-Galilee, then from there to Upper Nazareth, That was the time of the second intifada, and at that time the company was starting to develop widespread activity in Europe, especially in France and Germany.
Information that we found online testifies to the long history of shoe polish company Mavrik Industries, which was founded in the 1930's in Tel-Aviv, became the largest factory of its type in Israel and in the entire Middle East and engulfed 28 competing factories. The company moved to the Mishor Adumim settlement industrial zone – which turned out to be an unlucky business choice that ended in its folding during the second intifada. Similarly, Atlas Sweets, which was one of the leading manufacturers of chewing gum in Israel since the 1970's, relocated to the Atarot industrial zone in East Jerusalem and there faced serious business difficulties when the second intifada broke out. The company ultimately folded and its equipment and brand were purchased by the Mastix company from Beit Shemesh. Documents from the Companies' Registrar and court rulings tell the story of Abir Textile Industries, Abir Thread Industries, Sabrilon Thread Technology and Hadoron Textile Marketing, which were located in the Barkan industrial zone, became intertwined, conducted intricate power struggles and ultimately nearly all of them went bankrupt and entered into receivership. We can mention information that was uncovered about additional settlement companies that faced bankruptcy, receivership and closure – including Ariye Plast from the Ma'aleh Efraim industrial zone, Mey Tsurim from Rosh Tsurim in Gush Etzion, the Hebron Settlers' Carpentry, and several others.
For details click here:

Settlement Businesses that have Folded or Disappeared

 Findings: "Hebrew Labor" and Palestinian Workers 
Since 1967 the State of Israel has maintained control over the Palestinian economy. The policies concerning economic development, taxation, customs, import and export – are all controlled by the Israeli government according to the economic interests of Israel in general and of Israeli companies in particular, without the Palestinians having any way to exert influence. Even the Gaza Strip, from which the State of Israel "separated", is still included within the "Customs Envelope" and constitutes a captive market. Israeli companies reap significant profits from exporting to the Gaza Strip. Part of the economic dependence which Israel has enforced on the Palestinians is the situation in which many Palestinian workers must seek work in the settlement industrial zones, where they serve as a pool of cheap labor (even if the salaries are sometimes higher than those paid by Palestinian employers).
In recent years the settlers have been portraying themselves as the patrons of the Palestinian workers. Spokespersons for the settlers in the political arena routinely bemoan the fate of the Palestinian workers in the settlements, who might lose their jobs as the result of steps such as marking settlement products in Europe. However, perusing the Orange Pages directory, which is published by the settlers for the purpose of their own internal communications, reveals a picture that is quite opposite.

http://www.dkatom.co.il/

Many businesses that operate in the settlements prominently proclaim their policy of not employing Palestinian workers. This is done by means of employing the term "Hebrew labor", and sometimes in a more blatant manner, such as "the work is performed by Jewish workers only". Among the expressions used by settler businesses to describe themselves our team found "Hebrew labor!!!" (exclamation points in the original), "Hebrew labor from A to Z", "Produced by high quality Hebrew labor", "Do you require Hebrew labor? You've come to the right place!", "Reliability, dedication, good service and Hebrew labor", "Gracious service, Hebrew labor from the heart", and also paradoxical statements, such as "Hebrew labor, French speaking". It is obvious that among the target audience of this directory, a business that employs only Jews and has a policy of excluding Arabs is attractive to potential clients.
In the framework of the consumer information here we saw fit to gather in a special table the settlement businesses that advertise and take pride in "Hebrew labor".

Settlement Business Declaring 'Jews Only' Employment Policy

Definitions and the Political and Legal Background
What is a Settlement? Who is a Settler? Who is listed here and why?
Since 1967 the terms "settler" and"settlement" have become prevalent in the public and political discourse in Israel. However, there is disagreement concerning the exact meaning of those terms. Often, the word "settlers" is used to describe people who hold a religious, radically nationalist outlook, bordering on messianic, who consider settling in "Judea and Samaria" to be a religious and national mission of the first order, the realization of a divine promise, and who set themselves apart by means of characteristic dress and lifestyle, which are very different from the norm in Israeli society in general.
As far as we are concerned, settlements of this type are merely one type of the settlements that were established in the Occupied Territories since 1967. Our definition, on the basis of which we decided which factories and businesses would be included in this project, is: a settlement is any civilian community that is designated for the residence of Israeli citizens in the territories that were occupied by the IDF in June 1967 and which the State of Israel continues to hold to the present day. A settler is any person residing in such a settlement. And especially relevant for the information that appears here – an industrial zone that is designated for Israeli entrepreneurs and business people and which was established in the occupied territories is a settlement industrial zone.
We do not ignore the fact that the settlers are not a homogeneous public. There are secular settlers, pretty ordinary Israelis, who were drawn to locations such as Ma'aleh Adumim or Ariel mainly because of the generously government-subsidized housing there; orthodox settlers in places like Beitar Elite and Modi'in Elite, who would have just as easily moved to orthodox towns within the Green Line, if any were built; and "Labor Movement settlers" in the Jordan Valley and the Golan Heights, who live in kibbutzim and moshavim. There are secular settlers and religious settlers, ideological settlers and non-ideological settlers, violent settlers who personally use force against their Palestinian neighbors and non-violent settlers who leave it to the IDF soldiers to employ force in order to maintain settlements in occupied territory.
However, all of the settlers – regardless of their personal motivation – are complicit in the settlement enterprise by the fact of their living there. The settlement enterprise's fundamental and proclaimed goal is to create "facts on the ground", to perpetuate Israel's rule over the territories that were occupied in 1967 and to prevent the Palestinian residents in those territories from establishing an independent state and living as a free nation in their land – without there being any intention of ever granting them Israeli citizenship, or the right to vote for the parliament and government that control their lives. Thus, all of the settlers, by the fact of their residing in settlements, are complicit in violating international law which prohibits an occupying power from settling its citizens in the occupied territory. All of the settlers are complicit in establishing and maintaining an obstruction that prevents Israel and its citizens from achieving peace with our Palestinian neighbors and with the Arab states. All of the settlers – whatever their personal motivation – are complicit in the continued deterioration of Israel towards the future of an apartheid state, a state that is quagmired in endless wars and bloodshed, and which is denounced and treated as a pariah around the globe.
Sometimes we are asked, "Why do you hate the settlers?" The answer is unequivocal: we do not hate the settlers. The settlers are human beings just like us and Israeli citizens just like us. They love their families no less that we do ours. Like most human beings, the settlers are fully and honestly convinced that their actions and lifestyle are right and just. We do not hate the settlers. We do consider them to be people who are performing an extremely significant political act by residing in occupied territory. In our view, that action is extremely damaging and dangerous to the future of all of us (and especially to the future of the settlers themselves!). If the settlers cease and desist from this political act, then from that moment on we will have no reason to argue with or confront them.
The lists here also include businesses that are physically located within the Green Line, yet which contribute significantly to the settlement activity. For example, the Shufersal supermarket chain, which is a nationwide chain, yet under its brand Green, it markets numerous products that originate in settlements, or the Meiron & Salman Law Office, which is located in Tel-Aviv but which describes itself thus: "Our office specializes in real estate, especially in the Judea and Samaria district. Our office has vast experience in handling issues vis a vis the authorities that regulate assets in Judea and Samaria, including the Civil Administration."

"The Boycott Law"
In 2011 an event shook the political and legal systems in Israel. Late at night and following an explosive debate, the Knesset passed the law known as the Boycott Law, which prohibits Israeli citizens from calling for a boycott of settlement products. Only a boycott of settlement products was prohibited, not calling for any other type of boycott.
Israeli citizens who are religious Jews are permitted to call for a boycott of non-kosher restaurants (the Chief Rabbinate of Israel and the municipal rabbinates do this all the time, on a large scale and with public funding). Social justice movements can call for boycotting products that are exorbitantly priced (as they did in the course of the social protest in 2011). Vegetarians can call for boycotting animal products. Even the extreme right wing is allowed to call for a boycott against the Arab citizens. A settler organization called The Samaria Settlers' Committee recently did just that, including publicizing a detailed list of the names and addresses of Arab-owned shops which the organization called to boycott – without the law enforcement authorities in Israel considering taking any action against them.

http://www.haaretz.co.il/blogs/misgav/.premium-1.2827062

http://www.ynet.co.il/articles/0,7340,L-4710133,00.html

As opposed to all the types of boycotts that are legal, calling for a boycott of settlement products, and only that specific call, became the grounds for being sued for damages under Israeli law.
Gush Shalom considers this legal and public reality as being unfair and a grave blow to the freedom of expression of Israeli citizens. Together with many other movements and institutions we participated in protest demonstrations in the streets before and after the law was passed, and also in petitioning the High Court of Justice to support our campaign. Unfortunately, the judges of the High Court of Justice dashed our hopes and following deliberations that lasted several years, they rejected all of the petitions against the the Boycott Law.

http://zope.gush-shalom.org/home/he/events/1429200763
https://www.facebook.com/GushShalom.Heb/posts/461237847250919
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3NITH0QlgXA
http://www.haaretz.co.il/news/law/.premium-1.2615120

Considering this legal situation, Gush Shalom clarifies, for the avoidance of all doubt, that the action of gathering information about factories and businesses in settlements and publicizing same through the Settlement Products Wiki is by no means an intention to call for the boycotting of settlement products. The purpose of gathering and publicizing the information is to provide the most reliable and accurate consumer information that we were able to gather, in order to enable consumers – each and every one individually – to make wise and informed decisions according to their personal considerations.
As things stand in Israel in March 2016, there is no legislative or legal restriction on gathering and publicizing consumer information. The source of the products that are offered for sale on shelves is essential and relevant consumer information – no less than their chemical and nutritional contents, the working conditions of the workers who produced them, the effect of their production on the environment or on animals, and other factors that are currently considered to be material consumer considerations. Therefore, the Gush Shalom Movement takes full responsibility for the gathering and publication of the data that appears in Settlement Products Wiki, as a voluntary action for the public benefit.

Table of Common Settlement Products
Notes:
As far as we know, there is no connection between the Tvu'ot Bar company that appears in this list and is located in the Barkan Industrial Zone in the West Bank, and the Tvu'ot company, which is located in Kibbutz Ma'aleh Ha'chamisha, within the Green Line.
2) "Samaria Dairies" (Machlevot Ha'shomron) that manufacture Ha'shomron Cheeses, is not a settlement business and it is located in Binyamina, within the Green Line. The word "Samaria" (Shomron) in the name of the business does not refer to "Judea and Samaria" as this term has been used since 1967, rather to an earlier use, whereby Samaria was the term for the area of Emek Hefer, Hedera and Binyamina.
Note to English Version: These tables have been translated from the original Hebrew lists, which are organized alphabetically. The English version has retained the original order of the names in Hebrew.



Company  ProductsLocation Notes (1)  Notes (2)


 Adumim Chemicals/Castigan  Cleaning products, baking products,
additives and stabilizers for foods

 Mishor Adumim industrial zone Click for notes-Adumim Chemicals


Avgol(Subsidiary of Gazit-Globe) Hygiene Products Barkan Industrial Zone


Oppenheimer   Sweets  Atarot Industrial Zone  


Achva/Achdut   Tehina, halva, sweets Ariel/Barkan Industrial Zone
Extensive marketing abroad. On some packages address listed as Tel-Aviv or Nes Tsiona

 Click for notes - Achva/Achdut


XMarket   Mattresses, beds  Barkan Industrial Zone  


A.L. 5 Stars/AL Five Stars   Sweets, baked goods  Barkan Industrial Zone  


 E.M.B. Yarden Agricultural Farm Ltd.   Cosmetics, Yarden soap  Elazar Industrial Zone  Has address also in Beit Dagan 


Amgazit   Gas canisters, picnic and camping stoves  Kfar Etzion  Lists address as Harel Industrial Zone which is inside Israel 



Antikovich Investments/
Antikovich Bakery

 Cakes and cookies  Barkan Industrial Zone  


Anise Kitchens/YD Wood Industry  Kitchens  Mishor Adumim Industrial Zone  


AS Cohen Marketing   Asli brand onion and grill-flavored snacks   also cleaning products, bleach, dishwashing soap 


Aroma Na'ama   Spices, herbs  Na'ama, Jordan Valley  



Better and Different/"Eretz Yisrael Fruit ("Land of Israel Fruit")

 Vegan foods Mishor Adumim Industrial Zone Also lists addresses in Migdal Ha'emek and Jerusalem 



Beytsei Kfar-Farm Eggs/Quality Food Industry

 Eggs  Barkan Industrial Zone  


Beitili/Carmel Group Holdings (I.L.) Ltd.   Furnuture chain store, carpets and home furnishings  Barkan Industrial Zone  Owned by Carmel Holdings (I.L.) Ltd. Click for notes - Beitili


Hashomron ("Samaria") Meat Ltd.-Glasner   Meat wholesellers  Karney Shomron  Also operates in the Sharon area, in addition to the settlements 


Hashomron ("Samaria") Meat and Karnei Shomron Ltd.   Meat  Elon Moreh  


Jump Fashion Ltd.   Women's clothing  Barkan Industrial Zone  


Giv'ot Olam/GO   Organic freerange eggs/goat cheese products/yogurt/grapes for wine  Itamar/ Giv'ot Olam outpost  Eggs marketed by Shufersal/Teva Kastel/Liv ("Live More in Nature")/Harduf/Adama Owner Avri Ran has violently attacked Palestinians and Israeli peace activists


Good Food   Preserved meat  Ma'aleh Efraim  


Gariney Ha'bayit   Nuts and seeds  Mishor Adumim Industrial Zone  


  Pure Natural Honey("Dvash Tahor Tiv'i") Honey Avigail 


Adumim Fish ("Dagei Adumim") Manufacturing and Processing Foods Ma'aleh Adumim


Holy Cacao Artisan chocolate Pnei Hever 


Zehavei Hakerem/Yemenite Delicacies Spices and Salads, Yemenite cuisine Barkan Industrial Zone Click for notes - Zehavei Hakerem/Ma'adanei Teyman


Zorganika Medjool Dates Organic dates Hamra 


Barkan Mounts("Zro'ot Barkan") TV mounts Barkan Industrial Zone 


Zriha Hlavin Industries   Plastic Barkan Industrial Zone The Zriha Hlavin Group includes six other firmsClick for notes - Zriha Hlavin Industries


Hagolan Spice Farm Spices and medicinal herbs Avinoam 


Tofu Taim Ltd. Whole foods Alfey Menashe 


Ta'aman Canned food, foods with special "Mehuderet" kosher certificate Mishor Adumim Industrial Zone Brands include Zaza, Chupi, Palfi


Yevuley Eretz Bereshit ("Genesis") Dates Dates Ma'aleh Efraim Yevuley Eretz Bereshit is owned by N.S.Water and Maintenance Services


Yahalom Cleaning Products Industries Ltd. Cleaning products Karney Shomron Industrial Zone Location is not listed on product labels


Yikvei Ha'cormim Wine Mishor Adumim Industrial Zone 


Yikvei Ramat Ha'golan
("Golan Heights Winery")

 Wine Katzrin Industrial Zone 


Kerem Natural Food Products Manufactures and imports health foods Barkan industrial zone At least some labels on products give address in Beit Shemesh Company website notes Barkan industrial zone as their location


Keter Plastic Household and garden products, plastic furniture Barkan Industrial Zone Website obscures the location of the factoryClick for notes - Keter Plastic


Ramat Ha'golan Dairies("Golan Heights Dairies") Milk and milk products, esp. UHT milk, UHT chocolate milk and UHT cream Katzrin Industrial Zone Products also marketed as the brands Tnuva, Tara, Yotveta


Molitan Industries (2010) Ltd. Sewing threads, dye works Barkan Industrial Zone On the internet, Molitan gives addresses in Nahariya and Migdal Ha'emekClick for notes - Molitan Industries


Mey Eden/Ma'ayanot Eden Mineral Water Katzrin Industrial Zone 


Mia Spice of Life/Mia Food Industries/Mia Foods/T.M. Ltd./Selected Spices, legumes, sweets Mishor Adumim Industrial Zone Click for notes - Mia Spice of Life


Neguhot Apiary/Nego Honey Healthy honey Neguhot 


Melah Ha'aretz/Israel Salt Co. Salt Kibbutz Kalia Has additional plant in AtlitBrands: Oz Salt, Ha'aretz Salt


Ma'adanei Ha'boreh Foods Shilo 


Ma'adanei Sharp Sausages Elon Moreh Industrial Zone 


Ha'bira Chicken Salughterhouse Chicken Mishor Adumim Industrial Zone 


Jerusalem Chicken Slaughterhouse Chicken Atarot Industrial Zone 


Meshek Zuriel Cow and goat milk, soy milk, goat milk yogurt, cheese, tofu Shedamot Mehola Labels do not disclose originClick for notes - Meshek Zuriel


Nahar Hayarden("Jordan River") Medjool dates Settlements in the Jordan Valley 


Nicol/Bianca Scrub pads, sponges, dishwashing pads Barkan Industrial Zone 


Sun City Solar Systems Solar systems Elon Moreh 


Sachut Tari/Eco Alpha Natural juices Barkan Industrial Zone 


Shamir Salads Salads, including the brand "Tari-Tari" Barkan Industrial Zone Conceals its location on its websiteClick for notes - Shamir Salads


Abadi Cookies/Abadi Middle Eastern Cookies Savory baked goods Atarot Industrial Zone Products sold in ten countriesClick for notes - Abadi Cookies


Ofertex cleaning cloths Barkan Industrial Zone 


Etz Ha'sadeh Buckwheat flour Yitzhar Labels note: "Produced by Hebrew Labor"


Herbs of Kedem/Les Herbes Kedem Organic products - cosmetics, skin care, health products Carmel-South Hebron Mt. Carmel settlers participate in harassment of marginalized Palestinian communitiesClick for notes - Herbs of Kedem


Pomerantz Juices Ltd. Soft drinks Mevo Horon/Giv'at Ze'ev 


Fun Bak Nut spread, black tehina Barkan Industrial Zone 


Tekoa Mushrooms/Tekoa Mushroom Farm Growing, importing, packaging and marketing fruit and vegetables Tekoa Including fresh and dries edible mushrooms, endive, fresh ginger, shallotsHas nearly absolute control of marketing ginger in Israel


Pillsbury/Shalgal/General Mills Baked goods Atarot Industrial Zone Pillsbury is a worldwide brand owned by the USA General Mills Corp.Click for notes - Pillsbury


Fibertech Fiberglass pipes Karney Shomron Industrial Zone Click for notes - Fibertech


Hativ snacks 2015 Ltd. Dried sweetened pineapple The company is located in Petach Tikva; the fruit comes from the Bekaot packaging plant 


Plasto-Polish/Zebra Japanese scouring pads Scouring pads Barkan Industrial Zone Marketed as the Shufersal brand


Palphot Paper goods and pop products Karney Shomron School supplies, tourist guide books, cards, souvenirs


Frid Quilts, pillows, linen Ariel Industrial Zone The company's website lists its address as Petach TikvaClick for notes - Fried


Top Parquet Carpets and parquet Ma'aleh Shomron Click for notes - Top Parquet


Cookiedo Cakes and cookies Beit Ariye/Ofarim Distributes also in Petach Tikva and Bikat Ono


Klil Industries Aluminum Barkan Industrial Zone 


Kravitz Office supplies, office furniture Nilli Electronics, computer supplies, craft supplies, giftsClick for notes - Kravitz


Eynavis Chocolate Chocolate and pralines Barkan 


Carmel Carpets/Carmel Floor Design/Carmel Carpets and Parquet Carpets Barkan Industrial Zone Part of Carmel HoldingsClick for Notes - Carmel Carpets


Motola Conserves Ltd. Pickles Emmanuel Industrial Zone 


Eretz Gshur Olive Oil Olive Oil Gshur Won international prize for olive oil TerraOlivio in 2010 Click for notes - Eretz Gshur


Sasson & Co/Sasson Levinsky Nuts and dried fruit Located in Kiryat Gat, markets products from Gilgal in the Jordan Valley The company discloses the origin of its productsClick for notes - Sasson & Co/Sasson Levinsky


Tvuot Bar Food 1997/Ha'aretz Bakery/Bar Mazon Produce 1997 Cakes, cookies, gluten-free baked goods, peanuts, coconut Barkan Industrial Zone Products marketed in Europe and the USA, location not noted on company's websiteClick for notes - Tvuot Bar Food 1997/Ha'aretz Bakery


Bar Spices Packaging and marketing spices Barkan Industrial Zone 


Jordan River Herbs/Ha'arava Growers for Export Spices Mehola Partial shareholder in Ha'arava Growers for ExportProducts sold in Holland, Britain and the USA

Settlement Businesses, Institutions and Products - Sorted by Theme
Factories/Businesses that have left the settlements
Settlement Businesses that have Folded or Disappeared
Businesses that Provide Dual Addresses - In Settlements and Within the Green Line
Settlement Businesses that Conceal Their Location - in Advertisements, on Websites, and/or on Packaging
Israeli Business Groups and Corporations With One or More Members in Settlements
Companies Not in Settlements, that Market Settlement Products or Use Settlement Raw Materials
Settlement Businesses that Export or Maintain International Relations
Settlement Business Declaring 'Jews Only' Employment Policy
Settlement Businesses, Institutions and Products - Sorted by Field of Activity
Food and Drinks
Supplementary Table: Wineries
Supplementary Table: Dates
Household Products, Cosmetics
Furniture, Carpentry
Textile, Linen, Shoes, Carpets
Industry, General
Minor Industry, Workshops, Factory Outlets, Services
Architecture, Construction, Real Estate
Vehicles, Moving, Transport, Supply
Printing, Computers, Video, Graphic Design, Electronics
Gardening and Plant Nurseries
Arts, Crafts, Books, Theater, Cinema, Religion
Lawyers
Miscellaneous



Retrieved from "http://settlement-products.wikia.com/wiki/Settlement_Products_Wikia?oldid=392"



Ad blocker interference detected!

Wikia is a free-to-use site that makes money from advertising. We have a modified experience for viewers using ad blockers							
							Wikia is not accessible if you’ve made further modifications. Remove the custom ad blocker rule(s) and the page will load as expected.						




 

































Transformers



Summer Sci-Fi



Morrowind Top 5

















































Insider Trading - Settlement T-2390-c - Form 4 SEC Filings












Home |
Archives |
Products |
About |
Contact |
FAQ |



New User?
Sign Up | 
Sign In









Form 4 Filings


Insider Buys


Significant Buys


Penny StocksInsider Buying


Insider Sales




Insider Buy Sell Ratios


Stock Options


Insider TradingStock Screener


Insider TradingGraph View


Insider Watch





Sec Filings Insider Trading - Settlement T-2390-c





Select Time period: 
1 Month
2 Months
3 Months
6 Months
1 Year
2 Years
3 Years
4 Years
All Data
 

     



google

   



yahoo!



Send this page to:  

Blog
  



Digg

  



Reddit

  



Facebook

  



Stumble

  



del.icio.us








Enter Stock Ticker Symbol or Cik:




Cik Lookup...






Search By Company or Insider Name:







"Insiders might sell their shares for any number of reasons, but they buy them for only one:
they think the price will rise"
- Peter Lynch ==>>

What is insider trading>>



Email a friend >>...







Historical filings delayed by 6 months. New user?
Sign Up for real time data.
Existing user?
Sign In

Stock options: Exercise, Award, Grant, Conversion



TransactionDate
ReportedDate
ExercisableExpiration
Company
Symnbol
InsiderRelationship
SharesTraded
ConversionPrice
SharesOwned
Filing




2016-12-22Other
2016-12-2312:19 pm
N/AN/A
Hyatt Hotels Corp
H
Settlement T-2390-cOther
87,694
$0
0(Direct)
View









    © 2005-2017 SecForm4.Com All rights reserved.
    Archives:
    2017 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 ... 
    Fri, 28 Jul 2017 14:01:02 -0500
  

    SEC is the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. EDGAR is a trademark of the SEC.
    SecForm4.Com is not affiliated with or approved by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC).
Terms of Use |
    Privacy Statement |
  











Defective Products Settlements










HOME
HOT LEGAL ISSUES
LEGAL NEWS
POTENTIAL LAWSUITS
LAWSUITS FILED
SETTLEMENTS
STATE LAW
VIDEO
BLOG


















Advertisement

Home Page >> Settlements >> Defective Products



Settlements - Defective Products

Sort alphabetically



Jury Awards $25M to Plaintiffs in Nissan Defective Infiniti QX56 SUV Braking System Lawsuit (Jul-24-17)
$9.8M Awarded in Defective Wheelchair Injury Lawsuit (Jul-20-17)
$9M Settlement Proposed in TD Coin Machine Class Action Lawsuit (Jun-28-17)
Toyota, Subaru, Mazda and BMW Agree $553.6M Settlement in Takata Airbag MDL  (May-18-17)
$20M Verdict Awarded in Ethicon TVT Mesh Personal Injury Mass Torte (May-15-17)
$1.2B  Settlement Approved in VW 3 Liter Engine Emissions Lawsuit (May-12-17)
Woman Awarded $110M in J&J Talc Cancer Lawsuit (May-5-17)
$26.3M Preliminary Settlement Reached in WEN Hair Loss Class Action Lawsuit (May-3-17)
Canadian $2.1B VW Emissions Scandal Class Action Settlement Gets Final Approval (Apr-27-17)
Hyundai Stalling Santa Fe SUVs Settlement Gets Final Approval (Apr-4-17)
$12.5M Settlement Approved in Caldera Trans Vaginal Mesh Injury Litigation (Mar-7-17)
$9.3M Settlement Final in Rust-Oleum Defective Products MDL (Mar-6-17)
Takata Settles Defective Airbags MDL for $1B (Mar-1-17)
Kia Sorento Defective Automotive Class Action Settlement Reached (Feb-24-17)
$67M Settlement in BP Solar Panels Class Action Lawsuit (Jan-30-17)
$2.1B Settlement Reached in Canadian VW Defeat Device Class Action Lawsuit (Dec-26-16)
$50M Settlement Reached In Three  Ikea-related Toddler Deaths (Dec-21-16)
Watts Plumbing Settles Defective Products Class Actions for $14M (Dec-8-16)
J&J Ordered to Pay $1B in DePuy Pinnacle Hip Implant MDL (Dec-2-16)
Toyota Agrees $3.48B Settlement In Truck Frame Corrosion Class Action (Nov-14-16)
$240M Wright Hip Implant MDL Settlement Reached (Nov-10-16)
$70M Award Granted in J&J Talc Powder Cancer Lawsuit (Oct-28-16)
VW $14.2B Emissions Class Action Settlement Finalized (Oct-26-16)
Nissan Settles Transmission Class Action Lawsuits (Oct-12-16)
$1.6B Settlement Between VW and 652 Franchise Dealerships in Emissions MDL Receives Final Approval  (Oct-2-16)
Preliminary $26M Settlement Reached In WEN Hair Care Class Action Lawsuit (Aug-17-16)
$60M Settlement Reached in Caterpillar Defective Engine Class Action Lawsuit (Jul-14-16)
Volkswagen to Pay $14.7B to US Settle Emissions Allegations (Jun-28-16)
Whirlpool Moldy Washing Machine Class Actions Reach Settlement Deal (Jun-22-16)
$67M Settlement Reached in Tarceva False Claims Lawsuit (Jun-8-16)
Canadian Zimmer Durom Cup Hip Implant Class Action Settlements Reached (May-20-16)
$55M Settlement Awarded Against J&J in Second Talc-Cancer Lawsuit (May-3-16)
$502M Settlement Awarded in Ultamet Hip Implant Lawsuits (Apr-7-16)
$250M Settlement Reached in Fresenius Granuflo and Naturalyte Lawsuits (Mar-22-16)
$8M Settlement Awarded in Mattress Pad Suffocation Lawsuit (Mar-21-16)
J&J to Pay $502M in DePuy Pinnacle Metal-On-Metal Hip Replacement Lawsuits (Mar-18-16)
$1.15M Settlement Reached in Mandatory Poster Agency Consumer Fraud Lawsuit (Mar-10-16)
$72M Settlement Awarded in Talc Powder Cancer Lawsuit (Feb-26-16)
$13.5M Verdict Awarded In 2nd J&J Pelvic Mesh Trial (Feb-10-16)
EOS Reaches Settlement in Lip Balm Class Action Lawsuits (Feb-2-16)
Merck to Pay $830M In Shareholder Suit Over Vioxx Marketing (Jan-15-16)
$30M BMW Mini Cooper Timing Belt Class Action Settlement Reached (Jan-7-16)
Jury Awards $11M Verdict In Wright Hip Implant Bellwether Lawsuit (Nov-26-15)
$300M Settlement Reached in GM Ignition Switch Securities Class Action Lawsuit (Nov-16-15)
 $200M Settlement Imposed on Takata for Defective Air Bags (Nov-4-15)
Andrzej Plizga and Katarzyna Plizga  v. The Euclid Chemical Company Verdict for Plaintiff for US$10,875,622 (Oct-15-15)
$1.6M Settlement Awarded in DuPont Tephlon Cancer Lawsuit (Oct-12-15)
$2.4B Settlement to Proceed in Actos Bladder Cancer Lawsuits (Sep-17-15)
$36M Settlement Proposed in Defective Fridge Class Action Lawsuit (Sep-10-15)
Lennox Defective Coil Class Action Lawsuit Settlement Reached (Aug-20-15)


Page: 1  2  3  4  5  6  7  8     Next» 




Request  Legal Help





										First name:

						Last name:

						Email address:

						Phone number(s):

						Zip/Postal Code:

												Defendant:

									Describe your complaint:

									Category:

-- please select --
Accounting Firm Malpractice
Advertising
Antitrust
Appeals
Automobile - Defective
Automobile - Accident
Aviation
Banking
Bankruptcy
Civil Rights
Commercial/Contracts
Computer/Technology
Construction
Contracts
Credit Card Abuse
Criminal
Debts
Defamation/Slander/Libel
Defective Building Products
Defective Products
Dental Malpractice
Disability Insurance
Discrimination
Dog Bites
Drugs/Pharmaceutical
Education
Elder Care
Employment/Labor
Employee Benefits/ERISA
Energy
Entertainment
Environment
Family Law
Financial
Food/Beverage/Supplements
Fraud
Government
Harassment
Harassment - Gender
Hazardous Substance
Human Rights
Identity Theft
Immigration
Insurance
Internet
Land Use
Landlord/Tenant
Legal Malpractice
Maritime Law
Media/Telecom
Medical Equipment
Medical/Health
Medical Malpractice
Military
Mortgage
Motorcycle
Negligence
Occupational Safety/Health
Occupational Disease
Patent/Trademark/Copyright
Personal Injury
Premises/Housing
Railroad/FELA
Real Estate
RICO
Securities/Stocks
Securities Brokers
Social Security
Toxic Mold
Toxic Tort
Travel
Trusts/Estates
Unfair Business Practices
Whistleblower
Wills/Probate
Workers Compensation

You must have JavaScript enabled for this form to work correctly.
By submitting this form I agree to the Terms of Service.





						There is no cost to submit this form.
 I would like to be interviewed by a journalist.
 Receive our weekly newsletter with the latest lawsuit news and legal information.
					









Hot Legal Issues


Settlements

Accidents SettlementsAntitrust SettlementsAutomotive SettlementsBankruptcy SettlementsBusiness SettlementsCivil/Human Rights SettlementsConsumer Banking SettlementsConsumer Fraud SettlementsCriminal Law SettlementsDefective Products SettlementsDiet/Health Supplements SettlementsDiscrimination SettlementsDrugs/Medical SettlementsDUI SettlementsElder Care SettlementsEmployment SettlementsEnvironment SettlementsFamily Law SettlementsFinancial SettlementsFood/Drink SettlementsImmigration SettlementsInsurance SettlementsIntellectual Property SettlementsInternet/Technology SettlementsMalpractice SettlementsMedia/Telecom SettlementsPersonal Injury SettlementsReal Estate SettlementsSecurities SettlementsWhistleblower SettlementsWills/Trusts/Estates SettlementsWorkers Compensation Settlements 
▼ More Settlements ▼

Legal Services:

Class Actions
Lawyer Directory Resources
Free Newsletter
Publish Your Settlements
Legal Forms
Email this Page to a Friend 



Advertisement





 

FAQ | 
TOS | 
Privacy | 
Disclaimer | 
About Us | 
Contact Us | 
Press | 
Advertise  | 
Member Login  | 
Site Map |
View Mobile Website

  
	  
	  
	  
	


	This work is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NoDerivs 3.0 Unported License © 2001-2017 Online Legal Media. All rights reserved.
Visit other Online Legal Media Websites:
























Avoid Israeli Settlement Products | Buycott













































UPC 

UPC
Product Name
Brand Name
Company Name














 Toggle navigation    
















Sign up





































Create Account
                  






Sign in




















Sign in
                    

Forgot password?







Easier Sign Up
Sign up with Facebook Sign up with Twitter
Already have an account?
Sign in with email 


Terms of Service














Sign up With Facebook


























 
Create Account
                






Terms of Service















 Human Rights
Avoid Israeli Settlement Products

Human Rights
8 companies









 

Avoid Israeli Settlement Products
8 companies 



        Israeli settlements are growing in the West Bank and increasingly destroying any possibility of a two state solution. Most of the land in the West Bank is used by the Israeli military and is occupied by Israeli settlers. The settlements are scattered throughout the West Bank and are interconnected by Israeli exclusive roads. These roads surround major Palestinian cities such as Bethlehem, Hebron, Jenin, Nablus, Ramallah, Jerusalem, and Jericho and thereby severing Palestinian means of communication and migration between their major cities. Most Palestinians that were born and raised in the West Bank have never seen family residing in other major cities and have been denied religious pilgrimage to Bethlehem and Jerusalem.  Since the West Bank no longer has a viable border, the territory can no longer provide Palestinians with a state. Israeli settlements are growing. Boycott the goods and services that are produced by settlers to protect yourself from supporting the occupation and the destruction of the last viable solution. It is illegal for Israelis to boycott goods and services from settlements. Such actions are prosecutable by Israeli law. Us living outside of Israel are free to do we can to uphold justice by controlling where we spend our money. In a April 2013 Jerusalem Post article, the European Union made it obligatory to label products that are made in Israeli settlements. Read more here: http://www.jpost.com/Diplomacy-and-Politics/EU-working-on-guidelines-to-label-West-Bank-products-310760In a August 2012 Guardian article, South Africa also labels goods produced in Israeli settlements. Read more here: http://www.guardian.co.uk/world/2012/aug/23/israel-south-africa-west-bank-labelSome companies that operate in Israeli Settlements are:http://www.keter.com/     Settlement: Barkan I.Z.http://abadibakery.com/   Settlement: Atarot I.Z.http://www.sodastream.com/   Settlement: Edomim I.Z.
      

Campaign organized by:
 @maladeeb


Why should I become a moderator?


 
Apply
Cancel


Interested in improving the campaign? Become a moderator









Join the Campaign
 179,316 members



Only 20,684 away from 200,000




Enter a valid name



Enter a valid email address
















 Share with my friends 






Join













Download Buycott
 


Get It











T-2390-C  Settlement - CEO, founder, businessman - profile

















directorpedia.net - List of CEOs, founders, board members and company directors











T-2390-C  Settlement
Check out list of companies and businesses related to T-2390-C  Settlement. Find out T-2390-C  Settlement address and contact details. View other people related to T-2390-C  Settlement - coworkers, colleagues, companions, etc.
Address:   

WEST BAY STREET PO BOX N-3933 NASSAU  Bahamas




Companies related to T-2390-C  Settlement
CIKCompany NamePositionCompany Address0001468174Hyatt Hotels Corp 71 SOUTH WACKER DRIVE 12TH FLOOR CHICAGO 60606




T-2390-C  Settlement on the Web
Persons related to T-2390-C  Settlement - Hyatt Hotels CorpNamePositionCity#34FD2  1740 NASSAU#37FD  1740NASSAU#37FD  1740 NASSAU1740-40 AANP TrustNASSAU1740-40 AANP Trust NASSAU#40FD-D  1740NASSAU#40FD-R  1740NASSAU1740 Trust #27FD NASSAU1740 Trust #40-37DNASSAU1740 Trust #40-37D NASSAU1740 Trust #40-37RNASSAU1740 Trust #40-37R NASSAU1740 Trust #40-AANPNASSAU1740 Trust #40-AANP NASSAU1740 Trust #40-ABNASSAU1740 Trust #40-AB NASSAU1740 Trust #40-ADNASSAU1740 Trust #40-AD NASSAU1740 Trust #40-AJNASSAU1740 Trust #40-AJ NASSAU1740 Trust #40-AlushtaNASSAU1740 Trust #40-Alushta NASSAU1740 Trust #40-ASNASSAU1740 Trust #40-AS NASSAU1740 Trust #40-Banana BNASSAU1740 Trust #40-Banana B NASSAU1740 Trust #40-DSNASSAU1740 Trust #40-DS NASSAU1740 Trust #40-EvpatoriaNASSAU1740 Trust #40-Evpatoria NASSAU1740 Trust #40-FDANASSAU1740 Trust #40-FDA NASSAU1740 Trust #40-FDJNASSAU1740 Trust #40-FDJ NASSAU1740 Trust #40-FDMNASSAU1740 Trust #40-FDM NASSAU1740 Trust #40-Festus BahamasNASSAU1740 Trust #40-Festus Bahamas NASSAU1740 Trust #40-FrancisNASSAU1740 Trust #40-Francis NASSAU1740 Trust #40-IzyumNASSAU1740 Trust #40-Izyum NASSAU1740 Trust #40-Jaybird BNASSAU1740 Trust #40-Jaybird B NASSAU1740 Trust #40-Jon Jacob BNASSAU1740 Trust #40-Jon Jacob B NASSAU1740 Trust #40-JVNASSAU1740 Trust #40-JV NASSAU1740 Trust #40-LaDini BNASSAU1740 Trust #40-LaDini B NASSAU1740 Trust #40-LocustNASSAU1740 Trust #40-Locust NASSAU1740 Trust #40-NikopolNASSAU1740 Trust #40-Nikopol NASSAU1740 Trust #40-RAPNNASSAU1740 Trust #40-RAPN NASSAU1740 Trust #40-SangduNASSAU1740 Trust #40-Sangdu NASSAU1740 Trust #40-Scorpion NassauNASSAU1740 Trust #40-Scorpion Nassau NASSAU1740 Trust #40-THPNASSAU1740 Trust #40-THP NASSAU1740 Trust #40-TVNASSAU1740 Trust #40-TV NASSAU1740 Trust #40-Vered IslandNASSAU1740 Trust #40-Vered Island NASSAU1740 Trust #40-WJGPNASSAU1740 Trust #40-WJGP NASSAU1740 Trust #40-ZAP BNASSAU1740 Trust #40-ZAP B NASSAU1740 Trust RSP FAIRFIELD1922 Trust HOUSTON1922 Trust Co LTAHOUSTON2010 N3 Purpose TrustNASSAU8-26-22 GP LLC HOUSTONA.N.P. Trust #11M8CHICAGOA.N.P. Trust #11M8 CHICAGOA.N.P Trust #12M5CHICAGOA.N.P Trust #12M5 CHICAGOA.N.P. Trust #17M8CHICAGOA.N.P. Trust #17M8 CHICAGOA.N.P. Trust #18-Thomas M6CHICAGOA.N.P. Trust #18-Thomas M6 CHICAGOA.N.P. Trust #1M6CHICAGOA.N.P. Trust #1M6 CHICAGOA.N.P. TRUST #22 - JAMES10% Owner CHICAGOA.N.P. TRUST #24 - JAMES10% Owner CHICAGOA.N.P. TRUST #28 - JAMES10% Owner CHICAGOA.N.P. Trust #2M6CHICAGOA.N.P. Trust #2M6 CHICAGOA.N.P. Trust #2M6 CHICAGOA.N.P. TRUST #30 - JAMES10% Owner CHICAGOA.N.P. Trust #31CHICAGOA.N.P. Trust #31M6CHICAGOA.N.P. Trust #31M6 CHICAGOA.N.P. Trust #34-PennyCHICAGOA.N.P. Trust #34-Penny M6CHICAGOA.N.P. Trust #34-Penny M6 CHICAGOA.N.P. Trust #36-PennyCHICAGOA.N.P. Trust #36-Penny M6CHICAGOA.N.P. Trust #36-Penny M6 CHICAGOA.N.P. Trust #37CHICAGOA.N.P. Trust #37M6CHICAGOA.N.P. Trust #37M6 CHICAGOA.N.P. Trust #3M6CHICAGOA.N.P. Trust #3M6 CHICAGOA.N.P. Trust #40-PennyCHICAGOA.N.P. Trust #40-Penny M6CHICAGOA.N.P. Trust #40-Penny M6 CHICAGOA.N.P. Trust #42-PennyCHICAGOA.N.P. Trust #42-Penny M5CHICAGOA.N.P. Trust #42-Penny M5 CHICAGOA.N.P. Trust #5-Gigi M5CHICAGOA.N.P. Trust #5-Gigi M5 CHICAGOA.N.P. Trust #6M6CHICAGOA.N.P. Trust #6M6 CHICAGOA.N.P. Trust #8M8CHICAGOA.N.P. Trust #8M8 CHICAGOAberdeen Trust-Washington Trust #170 HOUSTONDhabi Investment Authority  Abu10% Owner ABU DHABIACPS 2010 ECI Mirror Trust #5HARTFORDACPS 2010 LaSalle Mirror Trust #19HARTFORDAlushta Trust NASSAUAman Trust 1 NASSAUAman Trust 2 NASSAUAnacortes Trust-Washington Trust #176 HOUSTONPRITZKER FAMILY FOUNDATION  ANTHONYLOS ANGELESBERNARD W  ARONSONDirector CHICAGOAS 2010 N-1 TrustNASSAUAutonomy Trust 2010 A HOUSTONAutonomy Trust 2010 B HOUSTONAvignon Trust HOUSTONAvignon Trust 2010 HOUSTONPaul  BallewDirector STERLINGBanana B Trust NASSAUBanana Trust HOUSTONMaryam  BanikarimSee Remarks MCLEANMaryam  BanikarimGlobal Chief Marketing Officer CHICAGOBelleview Trust (OR 37) M2CHICAGOBelleview Trust (OR 37) M2 CHICAGOBellingham Trust-Washington Trust #173 HOUSTONBKMP H Co LP HOUSTONBlaine Trust-Washington Trust #174 HOUSTONBly Trust (OR 38) M2CHICAGOBly Trust (OR 38) M2 CHICAGOBombay Hotel CorpGEORGE TOWN, GRAND CAYMANBotticelli Trust HOUSTONBotticelli Trust HOUSTONBotticelli Trust 2010 HOUSTONBurlington Trust-Oregon Trust #103 HOUSTONCanyonville Trust (OR 39) M2CHICAGOCanyonville Trust (OR 39) M2 CHICAGOCarver Trust-Oregon Trust #184 HOUSTONChehalis Trust-Washington Trust #156 HOUSTONCheyenne Trust NASSUACHILOQUIN TRUST - OREGON TRUST #41 CHICAGOChuckanut Trust-Washington Trust #175 HOUSTONCIBC Trust Co (Bahamas) LtdNASSAUCIBC Trust Co (Bahamas) LTD as Trustee of NJP 1740 #5 Trust NASSAUCIBC Trust Co (Bahamas) LTD as Trustee of Settlement T-577FD5 NASSAUClyfford Trust HOUSTONClyfford Trust HOUSTONClyfford Trust 2010 HOUSTONCOBURG TRUST - OREGON TRUST #42 CHICAGOCoco Trust HOUSTONCONDON TRUST - OREGON TRUST #43 CHICAGOCPC, Inc.NASSAUDALAI Trust 2010 A HOUSTONDALAI Trust 2010 B HOUSTONDALAI Trust 2010 C HOUSTONDALAI Trust 2010 D HOUSTONDAYTON TRUST - OREGON TRUST #44 CHICAGODGC Germanium Trust SIOUX FALLSDGC Germanium Trust 2010 SIOUX FALLSDILLARD TRUST - OREGON TRUST #45 CHICAGODJPS 2010 ECI Mirror Trust #6HARTFORDDJPS 2010 LaSalle Mirror Trust #46HARTFORDCharles E  DobrusinCHICAGODon Family Trust #2-Adam HOUSTONDon Family Trust #2-Noah HOUSTONDon Family Trust #2-Samuel HOUSTONDon Family Trust #3-Cindy HOUSTONDon Family Trust #3-Cindy HOUSTONDon Family Trust #3-Jay HOUSTONDon Family Trust #3-Jay HOUSTONDon Family Trust #3-Jon HOUSTONDon Family Trust #3-Jon HOUSTONDon Family Trust #3-Nancy HOUSTONDon Family Trust #3-NancyHOUSTONDon Family Trust #3-Nancy HOUSTONDon Family Trust #3-Zachary HOUSTONDon Family Trust #3-ZacharyHOUSTONDon Family Trust #3-Zachary HOUSTONDon Family Trust #6-AllisonHARTFORDDon Family Trust #6-DanaHARTFORDDon Family Trust #6-JuliaHARTFORDDon Family Trust #6-TheodoreHARTFORDDon Family Trust #7-Rachel HOUSTONDon Family Trust #7-Roland HOUSTONDon Family Trust #7-Rosemary HOUSTONDon G.C. Trust #1M4CHICAGODon G.C. Trust #1M4 CHICAGODon G.C. Trust #4M4CHICAGODon G.C. Trust #4M4 CHICAGODON G.C. TRUST #510% Owner CHICAGODon G.C. Trust #8CHICAGODon G.C. Trust #8M2CHICAGODon G.C. Trust #8M2 CHICAGODon G.C. Trust #8M2 CHICAGODon Nicholas Trust HOUSTONDon Nicholas Trust 2010 HOUSTONDon Trust #25M1CHICAGODon Trust #25M1 CHICAGODonald Pritzker Traubert GST TrustCHICAGODS 2010 N-1 TrustNASSAUDUNDEE TRUST - OREGON TRUST #46 CHICAGODUNES TRUST - OREGON TRUST #47 CHICAGODurham 4 Trust SIOUX FALLSDurham Trust 2010 A SIOUX FALLSDurham Trust 2010 B SIOUX FALLSECI QSST Trust #4M3CHICAGOECI QSST Trust #4M3 CHICAGOECI QSST Trust #5M2CHICAGOECI QSST Trust #5M2 CHICAGOECI QSST Trust #6M2CHICAGOECI QSST Trust #6M2 CHICAGOECI Trust A 2010 HOUSTONECI Trust - JuliaNORTH HAVENECI Trust N 2010 HOUSTONECI Trust - TheodoreNORTH HAVENMARSHALL E  EISENBERGCHICAGOELMIRA TRUST - OREGON TRUST #48 CHICAGOElsinore Trust NASSAUEvpatoria Trust NASSAUF.L.P. Trust #11CHICAGOF.L.P. Trust #14CHICAGOLucinda  FalkGREENWICHFeatherman H Co LP HOUSTONFeatherman Trust HOUSTONFeatherman Trust HOUSTONJane E  FeererCHICAGOFestus 2010 LaSalle Trust HOUSTONFestus Bahamas Trust NASSAUFestus-Blodgett Trust 2010 HOUSTONFestus Brightwood Trust 2010 HOUSTONFestus ECI Trust 2010 HOUSTONFestus Gunn-Wash #93 Trust 2010 HOUSTONFestus Pinnacle Trust 2010 HOUSTONFestus Pyramid-Wash #94 Trust 2010 HOUSTONFestus-R.A. G.C. Trust HOUSTONFestus Toutle-Wash #153 Trust HOUSTNOH. Charles  FloydSee Remarks CHICAGOH. Charles  FloydSee Remarks CHICAGOFLP11 HHC, L.L.C.CHICAGOFLP11 HHC, L.L.C. CHICAGOFLP14 HHC L.L.C.CHICAGOFLP14 HHC L.L.C. CHICAGOFrancis Trust NASSAURICHARD A  FRIEDMANDirector NEW YORKRICHARD A  FRIEDMANDirector NEW YORKPeter  FultonSee Remarks CHICAGOG14M2 HHC, L.L.C. CHICAGOG14M2 HHC, L.L.C. CHICAGOG14M2 HHC, L.L.C. CHICAGOGalispell Trust (WA 63) M1CHICAGOGalispell Trust (WA 63) M1 CHICAGOGallium Trust 2010 A SIOUX FALLSGallium Trust 2010 B SIOUX FALLSGallium Trust 2010 C SIOUX FALLSGallium Trust 2010 D SIOUX FALLSGHHC, L.L.C.CHICAGOGHHC, L.L.C. CHICAGOGOLDMAN SACHS & COGOLDMAN SACHS & CONEW YORKGOLDMAN SACHS & CO NEW YORKGOLDMAN SACHS GROUP INC/ GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP INC10% Owner NEW YORKGOLDMAN SACHS GROUP INC10% Owner NEW YORKSACHS MANAGEMENT GP GMBH  GOLDMANSACHS MANAGEMENT GP GMBH  GOLDMAN,NEW YORKSACHS MANAGEMENT GP GMBH  GOLDMAN,FRANKFURT AM MAIN 60323SACHS MANAGEMENT GP GMBH  GOLDMAN,GERMANYSACHS MANAGEMENT GP GMBH  GOLDMAN,FRANKFURT AM MAINPatrick J  GrismerSee Remarks LOUISVILLEGS Advisors VI, L.L.C.NEW YORKGS Advisors VI, L.L.C.NEW YORKGS Capital Partners VI Fund, L.P.NEW YORKGS Capital Partners VI Fund, L.P.NEW YORKGS Capital Partners VI GmbH & Co KGNEW YORKGS Capital Partners VI GmbH & Co KGNEW YORKGS Capital Partners VI Offshore Fund, L.P.NEW YORKGS Capital Partners VI Offshore Fund, L.P.NEW YORKGS Capital Partners VI Parallel LPNEW YORKGS Capital Partners VI Parallel LPNEW YORKGS SUNRAY HOLDINGS PARALLEL SUBCO, L.L.C.NEW YORKGS SUNRAY HOLDINGS PARALLEL SUBCO, L.L.C.NEW YORKGS SUNRAY HOLDINGS PARALLEL SUBCO, L.L.C.NEW YORKGS SUNRAY HOLDINGS SUBCO I, L.L.C.10% Owner NEW YORKGS SUNRAY HOLDINGS SUBCO I, L.L.C.10% Owner NEW YORKGS SUNRAY HOLDINGS SUBCO II, L.L.C.NEW YORKGS SUNRAY HOLDINGS SUBCO II, L.L.C. NEW YORKGSCP VI Advisors, L.L.C.NEW YORKGSCP VI Advisors, L.L.C.NEW YORKGSCP VI Offshore Advisors, L.L.C.NEW YORKGSCP VI Offshore Advisors, L.L.C.NEW YORKStephen G  HaggertySee Remarks CHICAGOStephen G  HaggertySee Remarks CHICAGOHarlan Trust NASSAUHeppner Trust (OR 190) M2CHICAGOHeppner Trust (OR 190) M2 CHICAGOHoaquiam Trust-Washington Trust #171 HOUSTONHockney Trust HOUSTONHockney Trust HOUSTONHockney Trust 2010 HOUSTONHoh Trust (WA 143) M1CHICAGOHoh Trust (WA 143) M1 CHICAGOMARK SAMUEL  HOPLAMAZIANSee Remarks CHICAGOMARK SAMUEL  HOPLAMAZIANSee Remarks CHICAGOHorton Trust Co LLCCHICAGOIHE, INC.10% Owner NASSAUIzyum Trust NASSAUJay Arthur Trust HOUSTONJaybird B Trust NASSAUJaybird Trust HOUSTONJNP 2010 Parachute Trust N2 NASSAUJNP 2010 Parachute Trust N2 NASSAUJNP 2010 Parachute Trust N3NASSAUJNP 2010 Parachute Trust N3 NASSAUJNP 2010-PG TrustCHICAGOJNP 2010-PG Trust CHICAGOJNP Parachute Mirror Trust A CHICAGOJNP Parachute Mirror Trust B CHICAGOJNP Parachute Mirror Trust KCHICAGOJNP Parachute Mirror Trust K CHICAGOJNP Parachute Mirror Trust LCHICAGOJNP Parachute Mirror Trust L CHICAGOJNP Parachute Trust #2 CHICAGOJon Jacob B Trust NASSAUJon Jacob Trust HOUSTONJP Morgan Trust Co (Bahamas) LtdNASSAUJSPV 2010 LaSalle Mirror Trust #56HARTFORDJulytoon Investments GP LLC HOUSTONJV 2010 N-1 TrustNASSAUKlickitat Trust (WA 149) M2CHICAGOKlickitat Trust (WA 149) M2 CHICAGOKLP 2006 N-4 Family TrustNASSAUKLP 2006-N3 Family TrustHARTFORDKLP 2010 A.N.P. Mirror Trust #23HARTFORDKLP 2010 A.N.P. Mirror Trust #24HARTFORDKLP 2010 A.N.P. Mirror Trust #29HARTFORDKLP 2010 A.N.P. Mirror Trust #30HARTFORDKLP 2010 ANP Mirror Trust AHARTFORDKLP 2010 ANP Mirror Trust BHARTFORDKLP 2010 PG Family Trust HARTFORDKMP Trust 2010 A HOUSTONKMP Trust 2010 B HOUSTONSUSAN D  KRONICKDirector CINCINNATISUSAN D  KRONICKDirector CHICAGOLaDini B Trust NASSAULaDini Trust HOUSTONLaSalle Family Trust #3-Adam HOUSTONLaSalle Family Trust #3-Noah HOUSTONLaSalle Family Trust #3-Samuel HOUSTONLaSalle Family Trust #4-Cindy HOUSTONLaSalle Family Trust #4-Cindy HOUSTONLaSalle Family Trust #4-Jay HOUSTONLaSalle Family Trust #4-Jay HOUSTONLaSalle Family Trust #4-Jon HOUSTONLaSalle Family Trust #4-Jon HOUSTONLaSalle Family Trust #4-Nancy HOUSTONLaSalle Family Trust #4-Nancy HOUSTONLaSalle Family Trust #4-Zachary HOUSTONLaSalle Family Trust #4-Zachary HOUSTONLaSalle Family Trust #7-Rachel HOUSTONLaSalle Family Trust #7-Roland HOUSTONLaSalle Family Trust #7-Rosemary HOUSTONLaSalle Family Trust #8-AllisonHARTFORDLaSalle Family Trust #8-DanaHARTFORDLaSalle Family Trust #8-JuliaHARTFORDLaSalle Family Trust #8-TheodoreHARTFORDLaSalle G.C. Trust #2CHICAGOLaSalle G.C. Trust #2 CHICAGOLaSalle G.C. Trust #2M1CHICAGOLaSalle G.C. Trust #2M1 CHICAGOLaSalle G.C. Trust #3 HOUSTONLaSalle G.C. Trust #5M1CHICAGOLaSalle G.C. Trust #5M1 CHICAGOLASALLE G.C. TRUST #610% Owner CHICAGOLaSalle G.C. Trust #9CHICAGOLaSalle G.C. Trust #9M1CHICAGOLaSalle G.C. Trust #9M1 CHICAGOLaSalle Trust #13M3CHICAGOLaSalle Trust #13M3 CHICAGOLaSalle Trust #42M4CHICAGOLaSalle Trust #42M4 CHICAGOLaSalle Trust #44M3CHICAGOLaSalle Trust #44M3 CHICAGOLaSalle Trust #47M1 CHICAGOLASALLE TRUST #5010% Owner CHICAGOLaSalle Trust #51M1 CHICAGOLASALLE TRUST #5510% Owner CHICAGOLaSalle Trust A 2010 HOUSTONLaSalle Trust N 2010 HOUSTONLaSalle Trust No. 49M1CHICAGOLaSalle Trust No. 49M1 CHICAGOLaSalle Trust No. 54M1CHICAGOLaSalle Trust No. 54M1 CHICAGOLaSalle Trust No. 58M1CHICAGOLaSalle Trust No. 58M1 CHICAGOLaSalle Trust S 2010 HOUSTONANNE-MARIE  LAWSee Remarks MOUNTAIN VIEWLCI H Co LPHOUSTONLGC Tin Trust SIOUX FALLSLGC Tin Trust 2010 SIOUX FALLSLewis M.  LinnHOUSTONLipschitz Trust HOUSTONLipschitz Trust HOUSTONLipschitz Trust 2010 HOUSTONLocust Trust NASSAULeonard J.  LoventhalCHICAGOLummi Trust (WA 141) M3CHICAGOLummi Trust (WA 141) M3 CHICAGOLyon Trust HOUSTONLyon Trust 2010 HOUSTONMadrone GHC, LLC MENLO PARKMaroon Private Trust Company, LLCSIOUX FALLSMaroon TrustCHICAGOMACKEY J  MCDONALDDirector MACKEY J  MCDONALDDirector CHICAGOCARY D  MCMILLANDirector CARY D  MCMILLANDirector CHICAGOMile Trust-Washington Trust #111 HOUSTONJOHN A  MILLERCHICAGOMinoso Trust NASSAUMoreau Trust NASSAUMoro Trust (OR 191) M1CHICAGOMoro Trust (OR 191) M1 CHICAGOMoro Trust - ORE #191CHICAGOMoro Trust - ORE #191 CHICAGOThomas J.  MuensterSIOUX FALLSN-2 Trust NASSAUN-3 Trust NASSAUN.F.P. QSST TRUST NO. 21 CHICAGONewman Trust (WA 57) M1CHICAGONewman Trust (WA 57) M1 CHICAGOJOHN D  NICHOLSCHICAGOJOHN D  NICHOLSDirector CHICAGOPAMELA M  NICHOLSONDirector PAMELA M  NICHOLSONDirector CHICAGONikopol Trust NASSAUNMP ECI Trust HOUSTONNMP ECI Trust HOUSTONNMP ECI Trust 2010 HOUSTONNormandy Trust HOUSTONNormandy Trust 2010 HOUSTONNorthwoods Trust NASSAUBradley  O'BryanSee Remarks CHICAGOOAKLAND TRUST - OREGON TRUST #201 CHICAGOOCEANSIDE TRUST - OREGON TRUST #202 CHICAGOODELL TRUST - OREGON TRUST #203 CHICAGOOLNEY TRUST - OREGON TRUST #204 CHICAGOOPHIR TRUST - OREGON TRUST #205 CHICAGOOrchid Trust HOUSTONORENCO TRUST - OREGON TRUST #206 CHICAGOORIENT TRUST - OREGON TRUST #207 CHICAGOOx Blue Trust HOUSTONOXBOW TRUST - OREGON TRUST #208CHICAGOOXBOW TRUST - OREGON TRUST #208 CHICAGOP.G. Gigi Trust M3CHICAGOP.G. Gigi Trust M3 CHICAGOP.G. Nicholas Trust RENOP.G. Nicholas Trust M CHICAGOP.G. Nicholas Trust M CHICAGOP.G. Penny TrustCHICAGOP.G. Tom Trust MCHICAGOP.G. Tom Trust M CHICAGOP19M2 Investors II, L.L.C.CHICAGOP19M2 Investors, L.L.C. CHICAGOParis Trust HOUSTONParis Trust 2010 HOUSTONMary F  PartheCHICAGOGregory Boyd  Penner BENTONVILLEGregory Boyd  PennerMENLO PARKGregory Boyd  PennerDirector CHICAGOPenny Trust M2CHICAGOPenny Trust M2 CHICAGOPG Alma Trust SIOUX FALLSJohn Kevin  PoormanCHICAGOFamily Foundation  PritzkerCHICAGOPritzker Family U.S. Situs Trusts10% Owner CHICAGOJason  PritzkerDirector CHICAGONicholas J.  Pritzker CHICAGONicholas J.  Pritzker CHICAGONicholas J.  Pritzker CHICAGOPENNY S  PRITZKERDirector CHICAGOPENNY S  PRITZKER10% Owner CHICAGOPENNY S  PRITZKER10% Owner CHICAGOThomas  PritzkerSee Remarks CHICAGOThomas  PritzkerExec. Chm. of Board CHICAGOThomas  PritzkerSee Remarks Thomas  PritzkerSee Remarks CHICAGOThomas  PritzkerExec. Chm. of Board CHICAGOGigi Pritzker  Pucker CHICAGOGigi Pritzker  Pucker CHICAGOGigi Pritzker  Pucker CHICAGOGigi Pritzker  Pucker CHICAGOQueets Trust-Washington Trust #159 HOUSTONQuillayute Trust (WA 144) M3CHICAGOQuillayute Trust (WA 144) M3 CHICAGOQuimalt Trust-Washington Trust #158 HOUSTONR.A. Family Trust #2-Adam HOUSTONR.A. Family Trust #2-Noah HOUSTONR.A. Family Trust #2-Samuel HOUSTONR.A. Family Trust #3-Cindy HOUSTONR.A. Family Trust #3-Cindy HOUSTONR.A. Family Trust #3-Jay HOUSTONR.A. Family Trust #3-Jay HOUSTONR.A. Family Trust #3-Jon HOUSTONR.A. Family Trust #3-Jon HOUSTONR.A. Family Trust #3-Nancy HOUSTONR.A. Family Trust #3-Nancy HOUSTONR.A. Family Trust #3-Zachary HOUSTONR.A. Family Trust #3-Zachary HOUSTONR.A. Family Trust #6-AllisonHARTFORDR.A. Family Trust #6-DanaHARTFORDR.A. Family Trust #6-JuliaHARTFORDR.A. Family Trust #6-TheodoreHARTFORDR.A. G.C. Indium Trust SIOUX FALLSR.A. G.C. Indium Trust 2010 SIOUX FALLSR.A. G.C. Trust #1M3CHICAGOR.A. G.C. Trust #1M3 CHICAGOR.A. G.C. Trust #4M4CHICAGOR.A. G.C. Trust #4M4 CHICAGOR.A. G.C. TRUST #510% Owner CHICAGOR.A. G.C. Trust #8CHICAGOR.A. G.C. Trust #8M3CHICAGOR.A. G.C. Trust #8M3 CHICAGOR.A. TRUST #25CHICAGOR2 Buxton-Oregon #183 Trust 2010 HOUSTONR3-2010 A Trust HOUSTONR3-2010 B Trust HOUSTONR3-2010 C Trust HOUSTONR3-2010 D Trust HOUSTONEDWARD W  RABINCHICAGOGebhard  RainerSee Remarks CHICAGORena Hozore  ReissSee Remarks CHICAGORevocable DALAI Trust HOUSTONRevocable Gallium Trust SIOUX FALLSRevocable KMP Trust HOUSTONRevocable KMP Trust HOUSTONLawrence I.  RichmanCHICAGORKMP H Co LP HOUSTONRobert Alan Trust HOUSTONRobert Alan Trust 2010 HOUSTONMICHAEL A  ROCCADirector MICHAEL A  ROCCADirector CHICAGORock Trust (WA 58) M1CHICAGORock Trust (WA 58) M1 CHICAGORoosevelt Trust (WA 59) M1CHICAGORoosevelt Trust (WA 59) M1 CHICAGORose Pritzker Traubert GST TrustCHICAGOHarry B  RosenbergCHICAGORP 1740 #17 Apex TrustNASSAURP 1740 #17 Apex Trust NASSAURP 1740 #17 Apex Trust NASSAUSalmon Trust-Washington Trust #154 HOUSTONSangdu Trust NASSAURakesh  SarnaSee Remarks CHICAGORakesh  SarnaSee Remarks CHICAGOScorpion 2010 LaSalle Trust HOUSTONScorpion Angeles-Wash #169 Trust 2010 HOUSTONScorpion Broadbent-Ore #102 Trust HOUSTONScorpion ECI Trust 2010 HOUSTONScorpion Nassau Trust NASSAUScorpion Ophelia Trust 2010 HOUSTONScorpion-R.A. G.C. Trust HOUSTONScorpion-Remmel Trust 2010 HOUSTONPeter  SearsSee Remarks CHICAGOSecond Universe Trust CHICAGOSecond Universe TrustCHICAGOSettlement 1740 Trust #13 NASSAUSettlement 1740 Trust #14NASSAUSettlement 1740 Trust #14 NASSAUSettlement 1740 Trust #14 NASSAUSettlement 1740 Trust #15 NASSAUSettlement 1740 Trust #18 NASSAUSettlement 1740 Trust #22 NASSAUSettlement 1740 Trust #23 NASSAUSettlement 1740 Trust #24 NASSAUSettlement 1740 Trust #25 NASSAUSettlement 1740 Trust #26A NASSAUSettlement 1740 Trust #26B NASSAUSettlement 1740 Trust #26C NASSAUSettlement 1740 Trust #26D NASSAUSettlement 1740 Trust #27 NASSAUSettlement 1740 Trust #27 NASSAUSettlement 1740 Trust #27 NASSAUSettlement 1740 Trust #28NASSAUSettlement 1740 Trust #28 NASSAUSettlement 1740 Trust #28 NASSAUSettlement 1740 Trust #28 NASSAUSettlement 1740 Trust #29 NASSAUSettlement 1740 Trust #29 NASSAUSettlement 1740 Trust #29 NASSAUSettlement 1740 Trust #30 NASSAUSettlement 1740 Trust #30 NASSAUSettlement 1740 Trust #30 NASSAUSettlement 1740 Trust #30FD NASSAUSettlement 1740 Trust #31 NASSAUSettlement 1740 Trust #31 NASSAUSettlement 1740 Trust #31 NASSAUSettlement 1740 Trust #32NASSAUSettlement 1740 Trust #32 NASSAUSettlement 1740 Trust #32 NASSAUSettlement 1740 Trust #32 NASSAUSettlement 1740 Trust #33NASSAUSettlement 1740 Trust #33 NASSAUSettlement 1740 Trust #33 NASSAUSettlement 1740 Trust #34NASSAUSettlement 1740 Trust #34 NASSAUSettlement 1740 Trust #34 NASSAUSettlement 1740 Trust #35NASSAUSettlement 1740 Trust #35 NASSAUSettlement 1740 Trust #35 NASSAUSettlement 1740 Trust #36NASSAUSettlement 1740 Trust #36 NASSAUSettlement 1740 Trust #36 NASSAUSettlement 1740 Trust #37 NASSAUSettlement 1740 Trust #38 NASSAUSettlement 1740 Trust #39 NASSAUSettlement 1740 Trust #40 NASSAUT-2043  Settlement NASSAUT-2113AFD  Settlement NASSAUT-2113D-FDA  Settlement NASSAUT-2113D-FDJ  Settlement NASSAUT-2113D-FDM  Settlement NASSAUT-2390-A  Settlement NASSAUT-2390-A  Settlement NASSAUT-2390-B  SettlementNASSAUT-2390-B  Settlement NASSAUT-2390-B  Settlement NASSAUT-2390-C  Settlement NASSAUT-2390-C  Settlement NASSAUT-551-1  Settlement NASSAUT-551-1  Settlement NASSAUT-551-10  Settlement NASSAUT-551-10  Settlement NASSAUT-551-11  SettlementNASSAUT-551-11  Settlement NASSAUT-551-12  SettlementNASSAUT-551-12  Settlement NASSAUT-551-1FD  Settlement NASSAUT-551-2  SettlementNASSAUT-551-2  Settlement NASSAUT-551-2  Settlement NASSAUT-551-3  Settlement NASSAUT-551-3  Settlement NASSAUT-551-4  Settlement NASSAUT-551-4  Settlement NASSAUT-551-4FD  Settlement NASSAUT-551-5  SettlementNASSAUT-551-5  Settlement NASSAUT-551-6  SettlementNASSAUT-551-6  Settlement NASSAUT-551-7  SettlementNASSAUT-551-7  Settlement NASSAUT-577  SettlementNASSAUT-577  Settlement NASSAUATISH  SHAHSee Remarks CHICAGOShannon Trust (WA 60) M1CHICAGOShannon Trust (WA 60) M1 CHICAGOShoalwater Trust (WA 142) M3CHICAGOShoalwater Trust (WA 142) M3 CHICAGOSignal Trust-Washington Trust #96 HOUSTONWalter W.  SimmersHARTFORDHarmit J  SinghChief Financial Officer CHICAGOHarmit J  SinghChief Financial Officer CHICAGOSUSAN T  SMITHSVP, General Counsel,Secretary CHICAGOSnicky Trust HOUSTONSnicky Trust HOUSTONSnow Trust (WA 151) M2CHICAGOSnow Trust (WA 151) M2 CHICAGOStephen  SokalCHICAGOSpectacle Trust (WA 62) M1CHICAGOSpectacle Trust (WA 62) M1 CHICAGOSpencer Trust 2 HOUSTONSpencer Trust 2010 A HOUSTONSpencer Trust 2010 B HOUSTONStella Trust HOUSTONStella Trust HOUSTONStella Trust 2010 HOUSTONAaron  SternSANTA FEStevens Trust (WA 61) M1CHICAGOStevens Trust (WA 61) M1 CHICAGOSwingsville Trust 2010 A HOUSTONSwingsville Trust 2010 B HOUSTONT-551-10FD2 NASSAUT11M2 HHC, L.L.C. CHICAGOT11M2 HHC, L.L.C. CHICAGOT11M2 HHC, L.L.C. CHICAGOT11M2 Investors, L.L.C.CHICAGOT11M2 Investors, L.L.C. CHICAGOT11M5 Investors, L.L.C.CHICAGOT11M5 Investors, L.L.C. CHICAGOTal-2010 ECI Family Mirror Trust #4CHICAGOTal-2010 ECI Family Mirror Trust #4 CHICAGOTal LaSalle Mirror Trust #17DCHICAGOTal LaSalle Mirror Trust #17D CHICAGOTao Invest LLCSAN FRANCISCOLarry  TchouSee Remarks CHICAGOTexas 8-26-22 H Co LP HOUSTONTexas 8-26-22 Trust 2 HOUSTONTexas 8-26-22 Trust 2 HOUSTONTexas 8-26-22 Trust 2010 A HOUSTONTexas 8-26-22 Trust 2010 B HOUSTONTexas 8-26-22 Trust 2010 C HOUSTONTexas 8-26-22 Trust 2010 D HOUSTONTGFJ GP LLC HOUSTONTGFJ H Co LP HOUSTONTGFJ Trust 1 HOUSTONTHHC, L.L.C.CHICAGOTHHC, L.L.C. CHICAGOTHP 2010 Trust N2NASSAUTillamook Trust (OR 192) M1CHICAGOTillamook Trust (OR 192) M1 CHICAGOTopaz Trust HOUSTONByron D  TrottDirector CHICAGO1740-A  Trust NASSAU1740-B  Trust NASSAU1740-C  Trust NASSAU1740-D  Trust NASSAU1740-E  Trust NASSAU1740-F  Trust NASSAU1740-G  Trust NASSAU1740-H  Trust NASSAU2015-GHC1  TrustNASSAU2015-GHC2  TrustNASSAU2015-THC1  TrustNASSAU2015-THC2  TrustNASSAU2043-AB  TrustNASSAU2043-AB  Trust NASSAU2043-AD  TrustNASSAU2043-AD  Trust NASSAU2043-AJ  TrustNASSAU2043-AJ  Trust NASSAU2043-Banana B  TrustNASSAU2043-Banana B  Trust NASSAU2043-FDA  TrustNASSAU2043-FDA  Trust NASSAU2043-FDJ  TrustNASSAU2043-FDJ  Trust NASSAU2043-FDM  TrustNASSAU2043-FDM  Trust NASSAU2043-Francis  TrustNASSAU2043-Francis  Trust NASSAU2043-Jaybird B  TrustNASSAU2043-Jaybird B  Trust NASSAU2043-Jon Jacob B  TrustNASSAU2043-Jon Jacob B  Trust NASSAU2043-LaDini B  TrustNASSAU2043-LaDini B  Trust NASSAU2043-Locust  TrustNASSAU2043-Locust  Trust NASSAU2043-Sangdu  TrustNASSAU2043-Sangdu  Trust NASSAU2043-ZAP B  TrustNASSAU2043-ZAP B  Trust NASSAU551-A  Trust NASSAU551-E  Trust NASSAUA-2015F  TrustNASSAUB-2015C  TrustNASSAUD-2015D  TrustNASSAUJ-2015B  TrustNASSAUJ-2015H  TrustNASSAUM-2015G  TrustNASSAUTSPV 2010 LaSalle Mirror Trust #60HARTFORDRICHARD C  TUTTLEDirector CHICAGORICHARD C  TUTTLEDirector CHICAGOTV 2010 N-1 TrustNASSAUDavid  UdellSee Remarks CHICAGOUDQ Private Trust Company, LLCSIOUX FALLSUDQ TrustCHICAGOVale Trust (OR 189) M2CHICAGOVale Trust (OR 189) M2 CHICAGOVered 2010 LaSalle Trust HOUSTONVered ECI Trust HOUSTONVered Island Trust NASSAUVered-R.A. G.C. Trust HOUSTONJohn  WallisSee Remarks CHICAGOJohn  WallisSee Remarks CHICAGORobert W.K.  WebbSee Remarks CHICAGOWest Trust (WA 64) M1CHICAGOWest Trust (WA 64) M1 CHICAGOBANK  WESTAMERICAFAIRFIELDWillapa Trust (WA 150) M3CHICAGOWillapa Trust (WA 150) M3 CHICAGOWind Trust-Washington Trust #160 HOUSTONAndrew D.  WingateNORTH HAVENWJGP 2010 Trust N2NASSAUWJGP 2010 Trust N2 NASSAUJAMES H  WOOTENDirector GLENVIEWJames H  Wooten JrDirector CHICAGOWILLIAM  WRIGLEY JRDirector CHICAGOWILLIAM  WRIGLEY JRDirector CHICAGOWynoochee Trust-Washington Trust #157 HOUSTONYellow Trust-Washington Trust #155 HOUSTONZAP B Trust NASSAUZAP Trust HOUSTONZesty Trust-Washington Trust #172 HOUSTONZot Trust 2010 A HOUSTONZot Trust 2010 B HOUSTON












 








Kashi Vs Eggnatz Class Action




























Attention: If you have a question about your claim, you can contact the Settlement Administrator at info@allnaturalsettlement.com or by calling 1-877-342-0808. Thank you.

Welcome
This website contains information regarding a settlement that has been reached between Kashi Company ("Kashi") and The Kellogg Company ("Kellogg") (collectively “Defendants”) and Katrina Garcia and Laura Eggnatz (“Class Representatives” or “Plaintiffs”), individually and on behalf of the Settlement Class.
The settlement resolves a class action lawsuit in which Defendants are alleged to have made misleading statements in their labeling and advertising of All Natural / Nothing Artificial Food (the “Product”).
PARA UNA NOTIFICACIÓN EN ESPAÑOL, LLAMAR O VISITAR www.allnaturalsettlementespanol.com




Your Legal Rights and Options in this Settlement:






Submit a Claim Form By January 19, 2016


The only way to get a cash refund.




Exclude Yourself by December 28, 2015


Get no money from the Settlement. This is the only option that allows you to ever be a part of another lawsuit against Kashi about the legal claims resolved by this Settlement.




Object or Comment by December 28, 2015


Write to the Court about why you don’t like the Settlement.




Go to a Hearing


Ask to speak in Court about the fairness of the Settlement.




Do Nothing


Get no payment. Give up your right to sue Kashi about the legal claims resolved by this Settlement.




Your rights and options—and the deadlines to exercise them—are explained on this website. The Court in charge of this case still has to decide whether to approve the settlement. Cash payments will be issued only if the Court approves the settlement and after the time for appeals has ended and any appeals are resolved. Please be patient.



Important Documents

Frequently Asked Questions
Second Amended Complaint
Stipulation of Settlement
Proposed Order Approving Class Action Settlement
Unopposed Motion for Preliminary Approval of Class Action Settlement


Exhibit B -- Claim Protocol
Exhibit C -- Class Notice

Exhibit E -- Final Order
Exhibit F -- Preliminary Approval Order
Exhibit H -- Product List
Endorsed Order
Order Granting Preliminary Approval
Motion for Final Approval
Declaration of Gillian L. Wade
Proposed Judgment and Final Order
Motion for Attorneys’ Fees and Costs
Joint Declaration ISO Motion for Fees and Costs
Motion for Service Awards for Class Representatives
Declaration of Laura Eggnatz
Declaration of Katrina Garcia
Final Order and Judgment


Help: If you're having issues viewing the pdf files, please click here to download Adobe Acrobat Reader.
Important Dates

December 28, 2015Deadline for Class Members to Opt-Out or Object[DEADLINE EXPIRED]
January 13, 2016Responses to Objections Due[DEADLINE EXPIRED]
January 19, 2016Deadline to Submit Claims[DEADLINE EXPIRED]
January 27, 2016Settlement Hearing











This site is not operated by the Court, Class Counsel, Defendant’s Counsel, or Defendant. This class action settlement is supervised by the Court and is administered by a consulting firm that handles all aspects of settlement administration.

            Copyright © 2017 Digital Settlement Group
 - All Rights Reserved. -  Privacy Policy | 
          
            
            FAQ


















Class Action Rebates


























Toggle navigation


















CLAIM YOUR CLASS ACTIONSETTLEMENT MONEY TODAY
Find products you purchased
Fill out the claim form
Get your check in the mail











Varies
Flushmate Settlement“Exploding Toilet” Expires 09/18/17






Up to $50
Aveeno Active NaturalsPurchasers of ProductsExpires 04/04/2017






$30
Purchasers of TrueSteam Humidifiers Expires 11/06/2017






Up to $15
Purchasers of Instaflex Glucosamine Expires 07/01/2017











Get New Class Actions Via Email












 










Product
Estimate
Proof
Deadline





Colorado National Collection Systems FDCPA Class Action Settlement  Certain Individuals who received certain type of collection calls from National Credit Management during the qualified periodFile Claim >>
Unknown
Phone #
08/21/2017



Green Dot Prepaid Card Service Interruption Class Action Settlement  Certain Individuals who experienced service interruptions in their ability to use their prepaid card during the qualified periodFile Claim >>
Up to $100.00
Yes
12/02/2017



Neiman Marcus Data Breach Class Action Settlement Individuals who made a purchase using a credit card at Neiman Marcus during the qualified periodFile Claim >>
$100.00
Yes
01/17/2018



Skeeter All Natural Snacks Class Action Settlement Individuals who purchased Skeeter brand snacks marketed as all natural during the qualified periodFile Claim >>
$3.00
No
08/28/30/2017



MetLife Discrimination Class Action Settlement Certain individuals who identify as African American and may have experienced certain patterns of unfair or discriminatory treatment as disclosed in the notice during the qualified periodFile Claim >>
Varies
N/A
08/27/30/2017



Starion Variable Electricity Class Action Settlement Individuals in certain states that received their electricity service from Starion during the qualified periodFile Claim >>
Varies
yes
10/30/2017



Porsche Dashboard Glare Class Action Settlement Individuals who own or lease or have owned or leased certain Porsche brand vehicles manufactured during the qualified periodFile Claim >>
Varies
VIN
09/21/2017



Michael Foods Shell Eggs Direct Purchaser Class Action Settlement Individuals or organizations that purchased eggs or egg products from the defendants during the qualified periodFile Claim >>
Varies
Yes
10/09/2017



PHH Mortgage Forced-Placed Insurance Class Action Settlement Individuals who had a mortgage with PHH and were subject to forced-insurance during the qualified periodFile Claim >>
Varies
Yes
10/27/2017



Polaris and Rehabcare Junk Fax Class Action Settlement Individuals and corporate persons who received an unsolicited fax or several from the defendant during the qualified periodFile Claim >>
Varies
Fax #
09/07/2017



Sears Gift Card with under $10 balance Class Action Settlement (California Only)Individuals in California who were denied the ability to get a cash reimbursement for gift cards with less than $10 during the qualified periodFile Claim >>
$9.99
No
TBD



Wild Planet Foods Under-filled  Class Action SettlementIndividuals who purchased cans of Wild Planet Foods tuna during the qualified periodFile Claim >>
$29
No
08/25/2017



Amish Secret Wood Polish Class Action SettlementIndividuals in Missouri who purchased Amish Secret Handmade Wood Polish during the qualified periodFile Claim >>
up to $10
No
08/30/2017



SoulCycle Expired Gift Card Class Action SettlementIndividuals whose gift card balance was forfeited on a set expiration date during the qualified periodFile Claim >>
up to $50
No
09/11/2017



AT & T U-Verse TCPA Class Action SettlementAll subscribers to those wireless telephone numbers identified as having lodged a complaint prior to November 18, 2015, regarding receiving a communication from AT&T regarding an AT&T U- Verse account for which they were not the accountholderFile Claim >>
up to $250
Tel #
08/15/2017



JASON Natural Products Sodium Lauryl Sulfate Class Action SettlementYou are a class member if you purchased certain JASON products containing sodium lauryl sulfate  during the qualified periodFile Claim >>
up to $40
no
09/18/2017



Delano Farms Grape Workers Class Action SettlementYou are a class member if worked for Delano farms as a grape harvest worker in certain roles during the qualified periodFile Claim >>
Varies
yes
08/04/2017



Sirius XM Pre 1972 Recordings Class Action SettlementYou are a class member if Sirius played music for which you hold rights released before 1972File Claim >>
Varies
Yes
12/31/2017



USAA Sales Tax Class Action Settlement(Florida Only)You are a class member if you were insured under a Florida Automobile Insurance Policy issued by USAA that suffered one or more Total Losses to their vehicles during during the qualified periodFile Claim >>
Varies
Yes
11/23/2018



Aveeno Active Naturals Class Action SettlementYou are a class member if you purchased certain Aveeno Active Naturals products during the qualified periodFile Claim >>
Up to $50
No
04/04/2018



Chase Mortgaged Properties Class Action Settlement (New York Only)You are a class member if paid your loan in full to Chase for your property located in New York during the qualified period and did not receive a letter of satisfaction within 30 days File Claim >>
Up to $750
Yes
09/25/2017



Infiniti Q50 InTouch False Advertising Class Action SettlementYou are a class member if you purchased or leased a new 2014 Infiniti Q50 during the qualified periodFile Claim >>
Up to $1250
Yes
01/09/18



ACE American Insurance TCPA Class Action SettlementYou are a class member if you were in the do not call registry and you received a call during the qualified periodFile Claim >>
Varies
Tel #
09/01/17



Montecito Water District Class Action SettlementYou are a class member if you were a non-agricultural customer of the Montecito Water District during the qualified periodFile Claim >>
Varies
Yes
07/05/17



Aero Knife False Advertising Class Action SettlementYou are a class member if you purchased an Aero Knife during the qualified periodFile Claim >>
$5
no
07/12/17



Komet USA TCPA Junk Fax Class Action SettlementYou are a class member if you received an unsolicited/unauthorized sales fax from Komet USA during the qualified periodFile Claim >>
$90
Fax #
09/08/17



Wells Fargo Dealer TCPA Action SettlementYou are a class member if you received a call or text from Wells Fargo on your cell in connection with a car payment or a sales contract via an automatic dialer during the qualified periodFile Claim >>
$50
Cell #
09/20/17



Instaflex Glucosamine Class Action SettlementYou are a class member if you purchased or ordered free samples of Instaflex during the qualified periodFile Claim >>
$15
No
09/05/17



HSBC Unauthorized Call Recording Class Action Settlement (California Only)You are a class member if you called HSBC in California and your call was recorded without your authorization during the qualified periodFile Claim >>
Varies
Phone #
08/28/17



Amazon In-App Unauthorized Purchase Class Action SettlementYou are a member of the class  if your child under 18 made an unauthorized in-app purchase. during the qualified periodFile Claim >>
Full Refund
Yes
05/28/18



Staples Rewards Pro Rata Coupon Accounting Practices Class Action SettlementYou are a member of the class  if as Staples Rewards® member you [1] bought a Rewards-eligible product and a non-Rewards eligible product in the same transaction, [2] used an item-specific coupon on the non-Rewards eligible product, and [3] were negatively impacted by Staples’s pro rata coupon accounting. during the qualified periodFile Claim >>
$10.00
No
07/24/17



Real Time Resolutions TCPA Class Action SettlementYou are a member if you received unauthorized calls on your cell phone generated via robocalls during the qualified periodFile Claim >>
$25.00
No
08/23/17



Flushmate Class Action SettlementYou are a member if you own or owned certain toilets with Flushmate system during the qualified periodFile Claim >>
Varies
Yes
09/18/18



PennyMac Force-Placed Insurance Class Action SettlementYou are a member if you had force-placed insurance placed on your mortgage by PennyMac during the qualified periodFile Claim >>
Varies
Yes
07/23/17



TrueSTEAM humidifiers Class Action SettlementIndividuals who purchased TrueSTEAM humidifiers made by Honeywell during the qualified periodFile Claim >>
$30
Yes
11/06/17



Real Ham Bone Dog Treat Class Action SettlementIndividuals who purchased smoked real ham bone dog treats during the qualified periodFile Claim >>
Varies
No
09/09/17



Patriot Payment Bankcard TCPA Class Action SettlementIndividuals whose numbers were in the do not call registry and continued to receive robocalls from the defendant during the qualified periodFile Claim >>
$80
Tel
07/03/17



Wells Fargo Student Loan Calls TCPA Class Action SettlementCertain individuals who received robocalls regarding student loans from Wells Fargo during the qualified periodFile Claim >>
$20
Cell
07/31/17



Discover TCPA Class Action SettlementIndividuals who received unsolicited calls from Discover Home Loans during the qualified period while enrolled in the do not call listFile Claim >>
$25
Phone
07/24/17



WCA Waste Management Class Action SettlementAll individuals and entities in the United States which paid Defendants or Released Parties one or more of the Fees at any time within the applicable statutes of limitation for each claim through the date notice of this settlement is provided to such individuals and entities.File Claim >>
Varies
Yes
08/25/17



Vital Nutrients “Made in the USA” Class Action SettlementYou may be a class member if you purchased Vital Nutrients products during the qualified periodFile Claim >>
$6
No
11/27/17



Yapstone Data Breach Class Action SettlementYou may be a class member if certain personal information such a social security and passport number was exposed by Yapstone during the qualified periodFile Claim >>
monitoring
Yes
10/10/17



GateHouse Media Class Action SettlementYou are a member of the class if you subscribed to certain publications by GateHouse media and received premium add-ons during the qualified periodFile Claim >>
Varies
Yes
07/19/17



Roche Diagnostics TCPA Class Action SettlementYou are a member of the class if you are a pharmacy that received unauthorized faxes concerning the availability of goods and/or services from Roche Diagnostics during the qualified periodFile Claim >>
$500+
Fax#
07/17/17



The Body Shop FACTA Class Action SettlementYou are a member of the class if you made a purchase at a Body Shop in the U.S. and more than 5 digits of your credit card were displayed on the receipt during the qualified periodFile Claim >>
$12
No
07/12/17



Capacitors Antitrust Class Action SettlementYou are a member of the class if you purchased certain devices with capacitors during the qualified periodFile Claim >>
Varies
No
TBD



Nissan & Infiniti Transmission Defect Class Action SettlementYou are a member of the class if you own or lease or have owned or leased certain Nissan or Infiniti vehiclesFile Claim >>
Extended Guarantee
Yes
Varies



City of Grovetown GA, Water & Sewer Class Action SettlementYou are a member of the class if you had water and sewer service provided by the City of Grovetown GA during qualified periodFile Claim >>
$50
Yes
10/02/2017



We-Vibe Data Collection Class Action SettlementYou may be a member of the class if you purchased We-Vibe device during the qualified periodFile Claim >>
$100
Yes
7/20/2017



Gastite and Wardflex Class Action Settlement (Maryland Only)You may be a member of the class if your property was built using gastite or Wardflex products during the qualified periodFile Claim >>
Varies
Yes
03/15/2018



Seterus Force-Placed Insurance Class Action SettlementYou may be a member of the class if you were charged LPI insurance by several providers during the qualified periodFile Claim >>
Varies
Yes
TBD



Harbor Freight Sales Price Class Action SettlementYou may be a member of the class if you purchased certain products advertised as being on sale during the qualified periodFile Claim >>
Varies
No
08/07/2017



Bosch Diesel Emissions Software Class Action SettlementYou may be a member of the class if you purchased or leased an affected vehicle during the qualified periodFile Claim >>
Varies
Yes
08/15/2017



Kenmore Grill Defective Firebox Class Action SettlementYou may be a member if you purchased certain Kenmore grills during the qualified period.File Claim >>
$125
Yes
01/26/2018



KB Homes Weather Barrier Class Action Settlement North Carolina OnlyYou are a member of the class if during the qualified period you purchased a home in the affected subdivisionsFile Claim >>
$3,250+
Yes
TBD



Provigil Generic Delay Class Action SettlementYou are a member of the class if during the qualified period you purchased Provigil with our without insurance in certain statesFile Claim >>
Varies
No
06/25/2017



Watts Connectors Class Action SettlementYou are a member of the class if during the qualified period you owned a home with Watts FloodSafe and heater connectorsFile Claim >>
Varies
Yes
Varies



Toyota Rusty Frames Class Action SettlementYou are a member of the class you if you own or lease certain Toyota trucks affected by a defect in manufacturing that leads to premature rusting of the frameFile Claim >>
Varies
Yes
TBD



JCI-York International Defective Copper Evaporator Coil Class Action SettlementYou are a member of the class if you purchased certain air handlers or condensing units or standalone copper coils manufactured by the plaintiff during the qualified periodFile Claim >>
Up to $1100
Yes
Varies



Automotive Parts Price-Fixing Class Action SettlementCertain individuals in certain states who purchased or leased a car during qualified periodFile Claim >>
TBD
Yes
TBD



Michigan Hospitals Class Action SettlementCertain individuals who secured and paid for medical services at many Michigan hospitals during the qualified periodFile Claim >>
$40
Yes
TBD



New Hawaii Sea Restaurant Hepatitis Class Action SettlementIndividuals who received prophylactic vaccinations due to the hepatitis A scare during the qualified periodFile Claim >>
Varies
Yes
12/16/2017



Electrolux Dryers Class Action SettlementOwners of certain dryers that have caught fire due to a manufacturing defect. Brands included are Frigidaire,White Westinghouse, Kelvinator, Gibson, Tappan, Crosley, KenmoreFile Claim >>
Varies
Yes
12/31/2022



Monarch Decking 20-year Warranty  Class Action SettlementIndividuals who purchased certain Monarch Brand Decking during the qualified periodFile Claim >>
Varies
Yes
12/22/17



McAfee Subscription Renewal Class Action SettlementCertain individuals who purchased subscriptions to McAfee and whose subscriptions were auto-renewed or otherwise received a discount while renewing the subscription manually during the qualified periodFile Claim >>
$11.50
Yes
12/23/2017



KB Homes Construction Defect Class Action Settlement (Florida Only)Owners of certain homes built by KB Homes during the qualified periodFile Claim >>
Repairs
Yes
08/10/17



Equifax FCRA Class Action SettlementCertain individuals whose credit reports reflected disclosures containing public records during the qualified periodFile Claim >>
Credit Monitoring
N/A
TBD



Similasan Class Action SettlementIndividuals who purchased certain Similasan brand products during the qualified periodFile Claim >>
$10
No
07/08/17



CRT Reseller Antitrust Class Action Settlement Individuals who purchased electronics featuring cathode ray tubes for resale during the qualified periodFile Claim >>
Varies
No
Varies



Volkswagen Audi Emissions Fraud Class Action Settlement Individuals whose vehicles are included in the VW Audi emissions scandalFile Claim >>
Up to $5100
Yes
Varies



Lithium Ion Batteries Antitrust Class Action Settlement Individuals who purchased battery operated devices with a lithium ion battery during the qualified periodFile Claim >>
Varies
TBD
TBD



Mitsubishi LaserVue TV Class Action SettlementIndividuals who purchased certain models of Mitsubishi LaserVue TVs for private use during the qualified periodFile Claim >>
Varies
Yes
Varies



Dodge Durango & Jeep Grand Cherokee Class Action SettlementCurrent and former owners or lessees of  2011, 2012, and/or 2013 Dodge Durangos or Jeeps Grand CherokeesFile Claim >>
Varies
Yes
None



Uponor Brass Pipe Fittings Class Action SettlementIndividuals who own or owned buildings in the United States built starting Jan 2002 whose buildings have Uponor Brass Pipe FittingsFile Claim >>
up to $150,000
Yes
Varies



CertainTeed Fiber Cement Siding Class Action  Covers CertainTeed brand cement siding that suffered premature deterioration.File Claim >>
$7,000
Photos
1/1/20




 


When a company settles a class action lawsuit for a product you have purchased, you will often be eligible for a cash payment as compensation.  But, to get your compensation payment, you need to make sure you are filing claim forms for the settlements.  Here’s how:
Step 1: Find Products You Purchased
First you need to find open settlements for products you may have purchased.  Take Look at our list of open class action settlements.
When deciding whether to file a claim, look at what the estimated payout will be, and whether you need a proof of purchase.  For some of the settlements the payouts are too small to be worth bothering.  Additionally, some settlements have proof of purchase requirements.  While most settlements require no proof of purchase, others have unreasonable requirements such as needing a receipt from a purchase made 5 years ago, and if you don’t have the receipt you should not bother filing.
Step 2: Fill out the claim form
Once you have found settlements for which you are eligible, click through to the settlement claim form.  Fill out the online claim form, which will usually require you to enter your name and address as well as the number of products you purchased, and then submit your claim.
If you are confused regarding the eligibility for the settlement of the conditions of the settlement, you can often find more information in the “Frequently Asked Questions” section of the settlement website.
Step Three: Get your Check in the Mail
Once your claim has been approved, your claim check will be mailed out to you at the address you provided.  Most claims checks are mailed 1-2 months after the claims period closes.
And don’t forget to subscribe to our monthly newsletter, so we can send you new class action settlement opportunities as they arise.



Comments are closed.








