










 








www.sevaprocurement.com | Seva Procurement Solutions


















Skip to main content








 









Our Solutions










E-Procurement Platform
Procurement Expertise
Contracted Supplier Programs
Custom Strategic Services














      Stay    



Who We Serve










Benefiting Your Entire Team
Industry Segments Served














      Stay    



How it Works










Supporting Best Practices
Seva & Six Sigma
Our Model














      Stay    



Join the Program










Evaluating Seva
View Brochure
Talk with Us














      Stay    















Search form

Search 





 








Find Out How








  
 
Tell Me More
 
 Procurement Solutions 

  
 
Tell Me More
 
 Supplier Programs 

  
 
Discover Our Technology
 
 Unrivaled Technology 

  
 
Tell Me How
 
 Operational Expertise 


 










Who We Are


Seva specializes in procurement services for the hospitality industry, with a focus on independent, boutique, luxury and resort properties. As a Seva Procurement member you will not only benefit from highly leveraged pricing on industry leading goods and services, but from our strategic expertise and experience, as well.  Learn More

 



	 







What We Do






 Proprietary e-Procurement Technology SevaNet enables operators to gain control over a fragmented purchasing process and communicate efficiently with suppliers. 




 Procurement & Operational Expertise Seva is not a "book of deals."  With Seva, members gain not only highly leveraged programs, but industry-leading expertise, as well.




Contracted Supplier ProgramsThe heart of the Seva Procurement solution is the portfolio of supplier programs that lower the total cost of goods and services by as much as 20%. 











Supplier Programs





 
Agronomy ProgramWith Seva’s Agronomy Program, gain access to highly leveraged programs on all of your agronomy and grounds maintenance needs.

 

 
Food  Beverage ProgramSeva has highly specialized programs that meet the standards of the most demanding chefs.

 

 
Room Operations ProgramThe Rooms Program is designed to exceed the expectations of even the most discriminating world traveler.

 

 
Administrative ProgramSeva’s Administrative Program provides access to everything they need to keep their businesses running smoothly and efficiently.

 

 
Engineering ProgramThe Seva Engineering Program provides access to all of the maintenance, repair and operational supplies to maintain your properties.

 

 
Spa ProgramYou can relax with Seva’s Spa Program, knowing your property will gain access to the most innovative solutions.

 

 
Financial ServicesThe Seva Financial Services Program provides innovative and cost-cutting solutions to manage many of your financial services needs.

 

 
CapEx ProgramSeva has developed a unique CapEx Program designed to provide valuable expertise and assistance.

 

 
FF&E SolutionsSeva’s FF&E program provides access to comprehensive solutions for all your renovations, remodels and construction projects.

 


 








Benefits For Your Entire Team






					Finance Executives




The benefit of Seva Procurement for financial officers and executives is simple--lower costs, more control over spend and accounting system integrations!  Read More







					Purchasing Directors




We work as an extension of your procurement team, providing access to leveraged contracts that supplement your current contracts. Read More







					Department Heads/Managers




Seva will improve the bottom line of any department budget and the purchase order functionality provides the ability to delegate the order process.  Read More







					Chefs and F&B Directors




With our order portal and product contracts, chefs can build order guides and search products without the worry of supplier bids and reviewing invoices.  Read More











 







Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version



















Business Directories by State
































Locations

            Top States:

                Florida
- (7,668,567 Businesses)
California
- (7,998,710 Businesses)
Texas
- (4,844,128 Businesses)
New York
- (4,451,438 Businesses)
Pennsylvania
- (1,273,348 Businesses)

Advertisements









States












                                                        Alabama
                                                    




                                                        424,733 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        529,179 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Alaska
                                                    




                                                        90,124 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        119,266 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Arizona
                                                    




                                                        757,577 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        800,057 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Arkansas
                                                    




                                                        263,265 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        325,844 People Found
                                                    










                                                        California
                                                    




                                                        7,998,710 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        7,373,821 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Colorado
                                                    




                                                        810,965 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        814,457 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Connecticut
                                                    




                                                        468,528 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        572,167 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Delaware
                                                    




                                                        132,203 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        114,760 People Found
                                                    










                                                        District Of Columbia
                                                    




                                                        101,098 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        225,569 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Florida
                                                    




                                                        7,668,567 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        10,379,297 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Georgia
                                                    




                                                        1,255,912 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        1,396,340 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Hawaii
                                                    




                                                        129,778 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        152,776 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Idaho
                                                    




                                                        172,946 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        201,511 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Illinois
                                                    




                                                        1,181,775 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        1,483,850 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Indiana
                                                    




                                                        578,336 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        719,895 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Iowa
                                                    




                                                        329,478 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        460,060 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Kansas
                                                    




                                                        282,167 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        348,203 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Kentucky
                                                    




                                                        405,363 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        504,609 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Louisiana
                                                    




                                                        633,706 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        615,567 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Maine
                                                    




                                                        130,772 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        174,828 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Maryland
                                                    




                                                        674,762 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        710,572 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Massachusetts
                                                    




                                                        726,390 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        1,027,523 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Michigan
                                                    




                                                        934,309 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        1,131,011 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Minnesota
                                                    




                                                        592,078 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        758,209 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Mississippi
                                                    




                                                        261,251 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        322,667 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Missouri
                                                    




                                                        597,997 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        706,322 People Found
                                                    














                                                        Montana
                                                    




                                                        130,347 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        158,428 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Nebraska
                                                    




                                                        191,594 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        279,673 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Nevada
                                                    




                                                        1,037,013 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        1,194,142 People Found
                                                    










                                                        New Hampshire
                                                    




                                                        154,616 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        193,717 People Found
                                                    










                                                        New Jersey
                                                    




                                                        974,361 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        1,091,903 People Found
                                                    










                                                        New Mexico
                                                    




                                                        178,355 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        231,696 People Found
                                                    










                                                        New York
                                                    




                                                        4,451,438 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        2,890,348 People Found
                                                    










                                                        North Carolina
                                                    




                                                        989,345 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        1,123,726 People Found
                                                    










                                                        North Dakota
                                                    




                                                        81,418 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        101,993 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Ohio
                                                    




                                                        1,062,591 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        1,335,493 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Oklahoma
                                                    




                                                        379,566 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        422,307 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Oregon
                                                    




                                                        510,731 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        621,776 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Pennsylvania
                                                    




                                                        1,273,348 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        1,546,221 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Puerto Rico
                                                    




                                                        55,527 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        60,845 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Rhode Island
                                                    




                                                        111,772 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        132,878 People Found
                                                    










                                                        South Carolina
                                                    




                                                        406,911 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        483,894 People Found
                                                    










                                                        South Dakota
                                                    




                                                        92,785 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        126,265 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Tennessee
                                                    




                                                        620,250 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        751,954 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Texas
                                                    




                                                        4,844,128 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        5,747,622 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Utah
                                                    




                                                        363,011 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        377,419 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Vermont
                                                    




                                                        81,906 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        106,956 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Virginia
                                                    




                                                        911,909 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        1,016,492 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Washington
                                                    




                                                        830,492 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        864,073 People Found
                                                    










                                                        West Virginia
                                                    




                                                        136,960 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        185,319 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Wisconsin
                                                    




                                                        486,944 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        707,971 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Wyoming
                                                    




                                                        77,247 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        90,781 People Found
                                                    













                Company Directory:
            
            Browse directory by company name:
            
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
(more)







People Directory: 

            Names starting with letters:

            
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
















You must be signed in to print.
Once signed in, look for the PDF button.













Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














SEVA Technology Solutions, Inc. 
















Industry Segments Served | www.sevaprocurement.com

















Skip to main content








 









Our Solutions










E-Procurement Platform
Procurement Expertise
Contracted Supplier Programs
Custom Strategic Services














      Stay    



Who We Serve










Benefiting Your Entire Team
Industry Segments Served














      Stay    



How it Works










Supporting Best Practices
Seva & Six Sigma
Our Model














      Stay    



Join the Program










Evaluating Seva
View Brochure
Talk with Us














      Stay    















Search form

Search 





 








You are hereHome» Who We Serve» Industry Segments Served 





Industry Segments Served 





Seva Procurement specializes in supply chain and procurement management for the Foodservice, Hospitality and Lodging industries, with a niche focus on independent, boutique, luxury and resort hospitality properties.  After reviewing Seva’s comprehensive suite of services, we believe you will discover exactly why Seva is the only procurement services organization that will not only lower your product costs, but will also improve product consistency, increase profitability and enhance the guest experience–all while strengthening your unique brand identify.

Independent, Resort, Luxury & Boutique Hospitality
Unlike other hospitlaity procurement organizations, Seva specializes in servicing the independent, luxury, boutique and resort segments.  We have become the procurement services leader in this niche through continued focus in four key areas:
1) a portfolio of supplier programs that meet the needs of the elite hospitality operator,
2) technology solutions that streamline purchasing and accounting for complex hotel organizations,
3) the flexibility for members to customize the Seva solutions to meet their particular requirements, and
4) the support that comes from a hands-on account management team.
This multi-tiered focus means that every one of our members receives a customized, comprehensive procurement solution, not a generic Group Purchasing Organization (GPO) "book of deals."  Membership in Seva Procurement begins with a detailed exploratory process, during which out team will work with leadership and department heads to understand the culture and objectives of an organization or property so that any ultimate solution is tailored to these needs.  
Contact us today to learn more about how you can maintain your unique culture, product and service, while gaining the purchasing leverage and pricing benefits that come with your membership in Seva Procurement.
 

Hospitality Management Companies
Seva Procurement is the industry leader in procurement services for hotel management companies.  We recognize that a significant challenge for hotel management companies is the need to continually improve value and profitability for hotel property owners, while reducing the complexity of managing properties with a diverse supplier makeup and frequently changing property personnel.  Supplier fragmentation not only increases product costs, but also accounting complexity resulting from the vast number of vendors.  By consolidating suppliers across the entire hotel management company portfolio, aligned behind best-in-nation supplier contracts, you will be able to utilize the necessary scale to lower costs across the portfolio and provide value to each owner.  
Additionally, with the significant number of personnel changes that occur with each new hotel acquisition, management companies can experience increased difficulties in exerting control over the purchasing process to ensure property compliance to company standards and budgets.  Unlike any other hotel procurement services company, Seva provides both best-in-nation supplier contracts that lower property cost of goods, with cutting-edge technology solutions that enable hotel management companies to easily standardize suppliers across their entire portfolio and monitor compliance against brand standards.  While you may find another hospitality purchasing company that has one of these competencies, there are none that provide both.  A few of the features of the SevaNet technology solutions are:
1) the efficiencies that come from providing your properties with access to a single, online e-Procurement Portal that they can use for all of their suppliers and product needs--whether a Seva supplier or not,
2) the ability to create company-approved, "locked down" order guides within the SevaNet e-Procurement Portal that will only provide product and supplier options that have been organizationally approved,
3) the ability to create "multi-vendor" order guides that contain products from various suppliers--once submitted and approved, a purchase order for each supplier will be generated,
4) the power of loading hotel property budgets into the e-Procurement portal so that property personnel can track each order against their general ledge budget, 
5) the controls that come from the Hotel Purchase Order Workflow & Approval Module that enables you to setup employees with various, customized rules based on their role, the supplier, product category and remaining budget so that purchase orders can be routed to one or more approvers prior to transmission to the corresponding supplier,
6) the assurances that come with a three-way matching delivery acceptance feature that requires employees to accept deliveries within the SevaNet portal by verifying the purchase order against the electronic invoice imported by Seva directly from the supplier, as well as the receiving document, and
7) the efficiencies that come from full accounting integration potential that will automatically feed vendor invoice data for every property directly into the hotel management company accounting system.
Talk with us today to discuss Seva's contracted supplier programs and to schedule a demonstration of the powerful SevaNet e-Procurement Portal.
 

Branded Full Service Hospitality
Seva excels at providing procurement solutions for both non-branded and branded full service hotel properties.  Unlike select service hotels, branded full service hospitality has a higher degree of product and supplier flexibility, especially in food & beverage.  While this flexibility creates more ways to differentiate your property, it also creates additional ways to increase costs, decrease efficiencies and jeopardize product consistency and brand integrity.  Branded full service hotels will benefit from Seva's extensive understanding of brand standards and requirements that enable us to know exactly where additional value outside of brand programs can be found.  Additionally, branded full service hotels are typically characterized by a higher number of hotel amenities and management personnel, all of which increase organization complexity.  With the SevaNet e-Procurement platform, full service properties will be able to streamline the purchasing process, all while reducing product and supplier costs by as much as 20%.
To discuss how Seva can improve the profitability your branded full service properties, contact us today to setup an introductory call.
 

Multi-Unit Select Service Hospitality
The Seva Procurement solution for limited service hotel operators is designed to provide “best-in-nation” pricing on all products required by limited service hotel operators. With experience in all hotel brands, Seva has optimized our supplier contracts to ensure we are able to deliver best-in-nation pricing on your required products, and because of our experience with branded select service hotels, our team knows exactly where value can be provided while maintaining your brand standards.  While franchisor programs may provide value on "hard-spec," proprietary products, don't waste those savings by paying too much on all of your non-price controlled products and services.  As a Seva member, you will find tremendous savings on non-controlled products and services, as well as products that have brand specification requirements, but without brand-mandated pricing.
Further, by utilizing SevaNet, owners and executives of multi-unit select service hotel companies are able to maintain strict control over every dollar.  By creating hard-coded order guides in the SevaNet e-Procurement Portal, you will be able to ensure that only those products and suppliers that have been approved will be utilized across your portfolio.  Further, ensure property budgets are maintained by utilizing the hotel Purchase Order Workflow Module along with budgeting rules that will route any order that exceeds a general ledger budget to the supervisor--and because these approval requests are sent electronically, you can quickly review and approve or reject them on your tablet or smartphone from anywhere around the world!
Call us today to setup a demonstration of the SevaNet e-Procurement Portal.
 

Private Jet Catering
With our specialization in luxury and boutique hospitality properties, Seva manages procurement for leading hotels across the country.  Our unique focus on this hospitality niche is reflected in the quality and reputation of the suppliers we contract with and are available to all members.  Nowhere is this specialization more noticeable than in our food and beverage offerings, providing elite operators with access to leading purveyors of regional meat, seafood, dairy and produce, along with access to national broadline, paper, chemical and smallware suppliers.   With our exacting standards, it did not take long before our reach extended beyond just the elite hotel operator.  As a private jet catering company, you will find that the same standards that your elite guests expect to find at their final destination are available to them in-flight.
Contact us today to learn how Seva Procurement programs can improve quality and consistency while lowering your operating costs.
 

Top-Tier Foodservice Management
If you run a prison or low-end cafeteria, Seva Procurement is not the solution for you.  However, for foodservice management companies that cater to elite and demanding guests, there is no better choice than Seva Procurement.  With our contracting focus on suppliers that provide high quality goods and services and a specialization on food and beverage suppliers that meet the needs of the most demanding chefs, Seva solutions will not only lower your cost of goods, but improve your product quality and consistency.  Additionally, the SevaNet e-Procurement Portal will provide tremendous controls and efficiencies for any foodservice management operator.
Setup a meeting today to discuss our programs and technology.
 

Multi-Unit Restaurants
Let your chefs focus on crafting exquisite dishes and your managers on creating moments of magic for your guests--and let Seva manage supplier negotiations and contracts, along with price auditing to ensure each invoice aligns with contract terms.  Additionally, rest assured with Seva's strict quality assurance requirements that help protect your brand and business.  With best-in-nation contracts with national broadline distributors, as well as regional meat seafood and produce suppliers, Seva can provide your restaurants with access to the nation's best suppliers at highly leveraged prices.  Additionally, the flexiblity of the Seva program ensures that your Chefs will only need to utilize those suppliers that meet their exacting standards.  If a supplier in Seva's portfolio doesn't meet these standards, our contracting team will execute a custom contract to ensure that all of your product category needs are controlled by a supply chain contract.
Discuss how our solutions can spruce up your menu and lower costs.
 









Our Solutions

Comprehensive Supply Chain Solutions
E-Procurement Platform
Procurement Expertise
Contracted Supplier Programs







Calculate Your Savings
Use our web calculator to determine your anticipated program savings






 


Get Started with Discovery
Read about Seva's detailed Benchmarking Analysis that will demonstrate the savings you can achieve.




Stay Informed


Stay Informed


News, tips & more from Seva

Email address *









 




















Seva Technologies





















HOME
ABOUT
SOLUTIONS
PRODUCTS
CAREERS
CONTACT


























Who is Seva Technologies?
Our Mission
Our Location
Understanding Your Needs
Skilled Leaders
Strategic Patners
Community Involment




Who is Seva Technologies
Seva Technologies is an Information Technology consulting firm headquarted in Tallahassee, Florida. Our firm was founded by individuals with strong IT backgrounds who were working for various employers in the Tallahassee marketplace; they came from state government, the private sector and Information Technology consulting. Their efforts introduced a consulting firm with a different focus into the marketplace.
Seva Technologies brings a valuable depth of understanding to our clients. Our managing partners alone have seven decades of hands-on Information Technology experience combined with over three decades of successful consulting in the Tallahassee area. We are proven performers. The founding partners have developed successful careers with state and federal government, the private sector, and Information Technology consulting. We make sure that all of our consultants bring this same commitment to performance and quality to each client they serve.
This unique blend of talent and background working specifically for state agencies and private sector firms in the Tallahassee marketplace provides and in-depth understanding of our clients' needs and ways of doing business. We understand the intricacies of state agencies, the partnership which must exist between the two parties, the budgetary cycles and strategic complexities, the demand for quality, and the public visibility of the finished product. Likewise, the private sector has its own distinct needs, with tight budgets, short timelines and broad variances in technologies that require subject matter expertise such as manufacturing, utility, education and insurance, among others.
A little note about our name...
From the Cappeller Sanskrit/English Dictionary:
Seva:  visit, service, attendance, worship, devotion to, use, practice, employment
We adopted the name "Seva" because we are devoted to the practice of good service to our clients, our employees, and our community.
The "Seva" in Seva Technologies is not pronounced like the original word from Sanskrit. Normally, it is pronounced as "shayva". Our "e" is pronounced like the "e" in "bet," hence the little curve above it that appears in our logo, known as a "breve" or "crescent", which indicates the vowel sound is "short." It's an example -- like our company itself -- of what can happen when Indian and American culture come together in a spirit of collaboration and creativity.


Identification
State Term Contract
FL Vendor #F-371456390-001












Copyright © 2004 - 2016 Seva Technologies, LLC 







SEVA Technology Solutions, Inc $75,000 Financing | Newest SEC Filings

















Newest Filings











SEVA Technology Solutions, Inc $75,000 Financing
SEVA Technology Solutions, Inc just submitted form D announcing $75,000 equity financing.  This is a new filing. SEVA Technology Solutions, Inc was able to sell $75,000. That is 100% of the round of financing. The total private offering amount was $75,000. The financing was made by 1 investors. Minimal accepted investment was $0. The financing document was filed on 2016-10-04. SEVA Technology Solutions, Inc is based in  1057 E. IMPERIAL HWY. SUITE 195 PLACENTIA 92870. The firm's business is Other Technology. The firm's revenue range is Decline to Disclose. The form was signed by  Samit Desai.





SEC FORM D


The Securities and Exchange Commission has not necessarily reviewed the information in this filing and has not determined if it is accurate and complete.The reader should not assume that the information is accurate and complete.



UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSIONWashington, D.C. 20549FORM DNotice of Exempt Offering of Securities


OMB APPROVAL


OMB Number:
3235-0076

Estimated average burden

hours per response:
4.00






1. Issuer's Identity


CIK (Filer ID Number)
Previous Names

X
None

Entity Type


0001684981




X
Corporation


  
Limited Partnership


  
Limited Liability Company


  
General Partnership


  
Business Trust


  
Other (Specify)





Name of Issuer
SEVA Technology Solutions, Inc
Jurisdiction of Incorporation/Organization
DELAWARE
Year of Incorporation/Organization


  
Over Five Years Ago


X
Within Last Five Years (Specify Year)
2016


  
Yet to Be Formed



2. Principal Place of Business and Contact Information

Name of Issuer
SEVA Technology Solutions, Inc

Street Address 1
Street Address 2


1057 E. IMPERIAL HWY.
SUITE 195


City
State/Province/Country
ZIP/PostalCode
Phone Number of Issuer


PLACENTIA
CALIFORNIA
92870
949-257-2648


3. Related Persons


Last Name
First Name
Middle Name


Desai
Samit


Street Address 1
Street Address 2

1057 E. Imperial Hwy., Suite 195

City
State/Province/Country
ZIP/PostalCode


Placentia
CALIFORNIA
92870



Relationship:
X
Executive Officer
X
Director
  
Promoter

Clarification of Response (if Necessary):

4. Industry Group



  
Agriculture



Banking & Financial Services





  
Commercial Banking


  
Insurance


  
Investing


  
Investment Banking


  
Pooled Investment Fund







Is the issuer registered as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940? 




  
Yes
  
No



  
Other Banking & Financial Services




  
Business Services



Energy




  
Coal Mining





  
Electric Utilities





  
Energy Conservation





  
Environmental Services





  
Oil & Gas





  
Other Energy






Health Care




  
Biotechnology





  
Health Insurance





  
Hospitals & Physicians





  
Pharmaceuticals





  
Other Health Care



  
Manufacturing



Real Estate




  
Commercial





  
Construction





  
REITS & Finance





  
Residential





  
Other Real Estate





  
Retailing


  
Restaurants



Technology




  
Computers





  
Telecommunications





X
Other Technology




Travel




  
Airlines & Airports





  
Lodging & Conventions





  
Tourism & Travel Services





  
Other Travel



  
Other



5. Issuer Size










Revenue Range
OR
Aggregate Net Asset Value Range


  
No Revenues
  
No Aggregate Net Asset Value


  
$1 - $1,000,000
  
$1 - $5,000,000


  
$1,000,001 - $5,000,000
  
$5,000,001 - $25,000,000


  
$5,000,001 - $25,000,000
  
$25,000,001 - $50,000,000


  
$25,000,001 - $100,000,000
  
$50,000,001 - $100,000,000


  
Over $100,000,000
  
Over $100,000,000


X
Decline to Disclose
  
Decline to Disclose


  
Not Applicable
  
Not Applicable



6. Federal Exemption(s) and Exclusion(s) Claimed (select all that apply)



  
Rule 504(b)(1) (not (i), (ii) or (iii))


  
Rule 504 (b)(1)(i)


  
Rule 504 (b)(1)(ii)


  
Rule 504 (b)(1)(iii)


  
Rule 505


X
Rule 506(b)


  
Rule 506(c)


  
Securities Act Section 4(a)(5)




  
Investment Company Act Section 3(c)


  
Section 3(c)(1)
  
Section 3(c)(9)  


  
Section 3(c)(2)
  
Section 3(c)(10)


  
Section 3(c)(3)
  
Section 3(c)(11)


  
Section 3(c)(4)
  
Section 3(c)(12)


  
Section 3(c)(5)
  
Section 3(c)(13)


  
Section 3(c)(6)
  
Section 3(c)(14)


  
Section 3(c)(7)



7. Type of Filing


X
New Notice

Date of First Sale
2016-09-26

  
First Sale Yet to Occur


  
Amendment


8. Duration of Offering

Does the Issuer intend this offering to last more than one year?


  
Yes
X
No


9. Type(s) of Securities Offered (select all that apply)









X
Equity
  
Pooled Investment Fund Interests


  
Debt
  
Tenant-in-Common Securities


  
Option, Warrant or Other Right to Acquire Another Security
  
Mineral Property Securities


  
Security to be Acquired Upon Exercise of Option, Warrant or Other Right to Acquire Security
  
Other (describe)







10. Business Combination Transaction

Is this offering being made in connection with a business combination transaction, such as a merger, acquisition or exchange offer?


  
Yes
X
No


Clarification of Response (if Necessary):
11. Minimum Investment

Minimum investment accepted from any outside investor

$0

USD

12. Sales Compensation


Recipient

Recipient CRD Number
X
None




(Associated) Broker or Dealer
X
None


(Associated) Broker or Dealer CRD Number
X
None



Street Address 1
Street Address 2


City
State/Province/Country
ZIP/Postal Code



State(s) of Solicitation (select all that apply)Check “All States” or check individual States
  
All States


  
Foreign/non-US



13. Offering and Sales Amounts


Total Offering Amount

$75,000

USD

or
  
Indefinite



Total Amount Sold

$75,000

USD


Total Remaining to be Sold

$0

USD

or
  
Indefinite



Clarification of Response (if Necessary):
14. Investors


  
Select if securities in the offering have been or may be sold to persons who do not qualify as accredited investors, and enter the number of such non-accredited investors who already have invested in the offering.




Regardless of whether securities in the offering have been or may be sold to persons who do not qualify as accredited investors, enter the total number of investors who already have invested in the offering:
1


15. Sales Commissions & Finder's Fees Expenses
Provide separately the amounts of sales commissions and finders fees expenses, if any. If the amount of an expenditure is not known, provide an estimate and check the box next to the amount.


Sales Commissions

$0

USD

  
Estimate



Finders' Fees

$0

USD

  
Estimate



Clarification of Response (if Necessary):
16. Use of Proceeds
Provide the amount of the gross proceeds of the offering that has been or is proposed to be used for payments to any of the persons required to be named as executive officers, directors or promoters in response to Item 3 above. If the amount is unknown, provide an estimate and check the box next to the amount.



$0

USD

  
Estimate


Clarification of Response (if Necessary):
Signature and Submission
Please verify the information you have entered and review the Terms of Submission below before signing and clicking SUBMIT below to file this notice.
Terms of Submission

In submitting this notice, each issuer named above is:

Notifying the SEC and/or each State in which this notice is filed of the offering of 
                    securities described and undertaking to furnish them, upon written request, in the accordance with applicable
                    law, the information furnished to offerees.*
Irrevocably appointing each of the Secretary of the SEC and, the Securities Administrator 
                    or other legally designated officer of the State in which the issuer maintains its principal 
                    place of business and any State in which this notice is filed, as its agents for service of 
                    process, and agreeing that these persons may accept service on its behalf, of any notice, 
                    process or pleading, and further agreeing that such service may be made by registered or 
                    certified mail, in any Federal or state action, administrative proceeding, or arbitration 
                    brought against it in any place subject to the jurisdiction of the United States, if the 
                    action, proceeding or arbitration (a) arises out of any activity in connection with the 
                    offering of securities that is the subject of this notice, and (b) is founded, directly or 
                    indirectly, upon the provisions of:  (i) the Securities Act of 1933, the Securities Exchange 
                    Act of 1934, the Trust Indenture Act of 1939, the Investment Company Act of 1940, or the 
                    Investment Advisers Act of 1940, or any rule or regulation under any of these statutes, or (ii) 
                    the laws of the State in which the issuer maintains its principal place of business or any State 
                    in which this notice is filed.
Certifying that, if the issuer is claiming a Regulation D exemption for the offering, the issuer is not disqualified from relying on Regulation D for one of the reasons stated in Rule 505(b)(2)(iii) or Rule 506(d).


Each Issuer identified above has read this notice, knows the contents to be true, and has duly caused this notice to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned duly authorized person.
For signature, type in the signer's name or other letters or characters adopted or authorized as the signer's signature.


Issuer
Signature
Name of Signer
Title
Date


SEVA Technology Solutions, Inc
/s/Samit Desai
Samit Desai
Chief Executive Officer
2016-10-04


Persons who respond to the collection of information contained in this form are not required to respond unless the form displays a currently valid OMB number.
* This undertaking does not affect any limits Section 102(a) of the National Securities Markets
        Improvement Act of 1996 ("NSMIA") [Pub. L. No. 104-290, 110 Stat. 3416 (Oct. 11, 1996)] imposes on the ability of States to
        require information. As a result, if the securities that are the subject of this Form D are "covered securities" for purposes 
        of NSMIA, whether in all instances or due to the nature of the offering that is the subject of this Form D, States cannot
        routinely require offering materials under this undertaking or otherwise and can require offering materials only to the
        extent NSMIA permits them to do so under NSMIA's preservation of their anti-fraud authority.




SEVA Technology Solutions, Inc Financing

DateFiling TypeOfferedSoldRemainingMin. investmentInvest. countExemption / Exlusions
2016-10-04New Form D$75,000$75,0000$0106b[view]
SEVA Technology Solutions, Inc List of ExecutivesSamit Desai











Last visited: Beach Energy Ltd, Beach.com, Inc., GAM Beachwood Total Return Fund, L.L.C., GAM Beachwood Total Return Offshore Fund, Beagle Bioproducts, Inc.

								© 
							















	    Contractors - Seva Technologies, LLC (A) / Contractors / Information Technology Consulting Services - EXPIRED / Archive / State Term Contracts / State Contracts and Agreements / Vendor Information / State Purchasing / Business Operations / Florida Department of Management Services - DMS
	    





































Skip to Main Content



Notice:





MyFloridaHome
Contact DMS
Site Map
DMS CUSTOMER SATISFACTION SURVEY












Business Operations

Fleet Management and Federal Property Assistance
Private Prison Monitoring
Real Estate Development and Management
State Purchasing
Telecommunications


Workforce Operations

Human Resource Management
People First
Retirement
State Group Insurance


Agency Administration

Agency Human Resources
Agency Purchasing
Communications
Financial Management Services
General Counsel
Information Technology
Inspector General
Legislative Affairs
Office of Supplier Diversity (OSD)
Planning and Budget


Other Programs

Division of Administrative Hearings
Florida Commission on Human Relations
Public Employees Relations Commission


About Us

DMS Leadership
Agency Organization
Open Government







 



Department of Management Services




Florida Department of Management Services
 > 
      Business Operations
 > 
      State Purchasing
 > 
      Vendor Information
 > 
      State Contracts and Agreements
 > 
      State Term Contracts
 > 
      Archive
 > 
      Information Technology Consulting Services - EXPIRED
 > 
      Contractors
 > 
   Contractors - Seva Technologies, LLC (A)












Rate this Contract View Survey Results 
Seva Technologies, LLC (A)




CBE Code
Florida Climate Friendly Preferred Products
Recycled Products
Utilizes Authorized Resellers
Coverage Area













ORDERING INSTRUCTIONS
Spurs Vendor Number: F371456390


Vendor: Seva Technologies, LLC


Street Address: 1618 Mahan Center Blvd., Suite 102


City,State,Zip: Tallahassee, FL 32308

Product Information: Direct Inquiry to:
Name and Title: Sunil Verma, Director Business Development


Address: 1618 Mahan Center Blvd., Suite 102, Tallahassee, FL 32308


Telephone: 850-391-4832 X107


Home Page Address: 
www.sevatechnologies.com


Electronic Mail Address: 
sunilverma@sevatechnologies.com















Search
Search Current Location Only 

Information Technology Consulting Services - EXPIRED
Contract SummaryOther - Consulting Services SurveyPrice Sheets - Index AwardContractorsContractors - 22nd Century Technologies Inc (A)Contractors - Aaj Computer Services Inc. (J)Contractors - Aaron B. Floyd Enterprise, LLC (A)Contractors - Acacia Consulting Inc. (I)Contractors - Accenture, LLP (A)Contractors - Acclaim Systems, Inc. (C)Contractors - Acro Service Corp (P)Contractors - Advanced Data Solutions (M)Contractors - Advanced Data Systems Inc. (A)Contractors - Advanced Systems Design (K)Contractors - Aesir Software Inc. (A)Contractors - Affiliated Computer Services (A)Contractors - Alltech Consulting Inc. (A)Contractors - Alpha Data Corporation (H)Contractors - Aluise and Associates, Inc. (A)Contractors - Applications Software Technology Corp (A)Contractors - Atlantic Data Inc. (J)Contractors - Bay Systems Inc.Contractors - Bearingpoint Inc.  (A)Contractors - Blackwell Consulting Services LLC  (A)Contractors - BLM Technologies of Florida, LLCContractors - Brandt Information (A)Contractors - Buffer (M)Contractors - Bull Services (A)Contractors - Business Information Technology Solutions Inc. (M)Contractors - CanDoTech Consulting Inc (P)Contractors - Carney Solutions, Inc. (C.S.I.)Contractors - Cedarcrestone (A)Contractors - Centurion, Inc.(A)Contractors - CH2M Hill(A)Contractors - Ciber Inc.(A)Contractors - Citizant, Inc (C)Contractors - Clientsolv Technologies (C)Contractors - Coleman Technologies Inc.(A)Contractors - Colyar Consulting Group, Inc. (A)Contractors - Commernet Inc (J)Contractors - Compuquip Technologies (I) Contractors - Computer Aid (A)Contractors - Computer Professional Staffing, Inc.(A)Contractors - Computer Training & Consulting LLC (A)Contractors - Computer Tutors USA (A)Contractors - COMSYS Services LLC Contractors - Consulting Solutions Int'l (A)Contractors - Consultis (M)Contractors - Cornerstone Software Services, Inc. (A)Contractors - Creative Consulting Co. (A) Contractors - Cyber Rental Consultants, Inc. (A)Contractors - Cyberbest Technology, Inc. (A)Contractors - DAS Resources, Inc. (M) Contractors - Data Industries, Ltd. (H)Contractors - Data Transfer Solutions LLC (B)Contractors - Data Voice (H)Contractors - DBMOORE Consulting Services (H)Contractors - Dell Marketing LP (A)Contractors - Deloittle Cons (A)Contractors - Digital Hands LLC (A)Contractors - Diverse Computing (A)Contractors - Document Advantage Corp (M)Contractors - Donald J. Craig, CPA (A)Contractors - DSM.Net, Inc. (B)Contractors - Dye Management Group Inc. (A)Contractors - Dyntek Services Inc. (A)Contractors - Eagle Business Solutions (A)Contractors - Egov Consulting Services LLC (A)Contractors - Electronic Data Systems (A)Contractors - Electronic Training Solutions Inc. (I)Contractors - EMA Inc. (A)Contractors - EMC Corporation (A)Contractors - Employer Management Solutions, Inc. (EMS) (M) Contractors - ENS, Corp.(O)	Contractors - Enterprise 24X7 Inc (A)Contractors - Enterprise Technology Partners (H)Contractors - Environmental Systems Research Institute Inc. (A)Contractors - Eventus Group Technology Consulting LLC (O)Contractors - Everest Solutions, LLC (A) Contractors - Extensys Inc. (A)Contractors - Faircloth Information Technology Systems Inc. (H)Contractors - Faulkenberry Consulting Group LLC (B)Contractors - First Data Government Solutions (A)Contractors - Fishnet Security , Inc.Contractors - Five Points Technology Group (A)Contractors - Florida Information Technology Centers Of Excellence (B)Contractors - Focused Energy, LLC (H)Contractors - FOX Systems, Inc. (A)Contractors - Fugro EarthData, Inc.Contractors - GDKN Corporation (J)Contractors - Gebbs Software International a.k.a Gebbs Solutions (A)Contractors - GeoDecisions, a Division of Gannett Fleming, Inc. (A)Contractors - Global Information Services, Inc (I) Contractors - Hayes e-Government Resources, Inc.(M)Contractors - HCL America Inc. (A)Contractors - HDR, Inc.Contractors - Hewlett Packard (A)Contractors - Hill City Consulting Inc. (A)Contractors - Hixardt Technologies, Inc. (H)Contractors - HLN Consulting, LLC (A)Contractors - I S Consulting (B)Contractors - IBM (A)Contractors - ICATT Consulting, Inc. (H)Contractors - Image Api Inc. (A)Contractors - Infinity Software (A)Contractors - Information Systems Consultants, Inc. (N)Contractors - Information Systems Of Florida (I)Contractors - Insight Public Sector Inc. (A)Contractors - Inspired Technologies of North Florida, Inc. (A)Contractors - Integrated Computer Solutions (A)Contractors - IntegriSource, Inc (A)Contractors - Intellisoft Technologies, Inc. (P)Contractors - International Computer (I)Contractors - International Data Consultants (A)Contractors - ISO Corp Inc. (H)Contractors - IT-Resource Solutions.net, Inc. (C)Contractors - Jacobs Technology Inc. (A)Contractors - Jones Edmunds & Associates, Inc.  (M) Contractors - Kforce Inc. (A)Contractors - KLC Consulting, Inc. (B) Contractors - KPMG LLP (A)Contractors - KSJ & Associates Inc. (A)Contractors - Kyra Infotech Inc. (J)Contractors - L-3 Communications Titan Group (A)Contractors - Logical Business Solutions (M) Contractors - Logicalis (A)Contractors - Mainline Information Systems Inc. (A)Contractors - Mall Lobby.com, Inc. (A)Contractors - Management Recruiters Of Woodbridge Inc. (C)Contractors - Marquis Software (A)Contractors - Matrix Information Systems (M)Contractors - Maximus, Inc (A)Contractors - Meridian Partners, LLC (I)Contractors - MGL Americas, Inc. (P)Contractors - MGT Of America (A)Contractors - Momentum Consulting Corporation (I)                               Contractors - Montalbano & Associates Inc. (A)Contractors - Moore Integrated Solutions, Inc. (A) Contractors - Moten Tate Inc. (H)Contractors - MPS Group Inc. (A)Contractors - MTW Solutions, LLC  (A)Contractors - Naztec International Group LLC (A)Contractors - Networks of Florida (A)Contractors - Nicomp International, Inc  (A)            Contractors - North Highland Company Inc. (A)Contractors - Northrop Grumman Information Technology Inc. (A)Contractors - Nu Info Systems, Inc. (J)Contractors - Omni Source Inc (A)Contractors - Omsys (H)Contractors - OneTechPlace Inc. (A)Contractors - P2P Staffing Corp. (A)Contractors - Paul Consulting (A)Contractors - PBS&J (A)Contractors - Photo Science Inc. (A)Contractors - PKV Management Consulting, Inc. (A)Contractors - Plato Consulting, Inc. (H)Contractors - Pomeroy IT Solutions Sales Company, Inc. (A)Contractors - Presidio Corporation, The (M)Contractors - Process Works, Inc. (B)Contractors - Project Management Solutions, Inc. (PM Solutions)Contractors - Prosys Information Systems (R)Contractors - RadGov, Inc.Contractors - RADISE International (J)Contractors - Rahim Inc. dba RNR Consulting (A)Contractors - RCC Consultants, Inc. (A)Contractors - Resource & Planning Technologies Inc. (P)Contractors - Revolution Technologies LLC (A)Contractors - RLTCORP Software Development Services (A) Contractors - ROH, Incorporated (A)Contractors - ROI Consulting Group Inc. (H)Contractors - Saber (A)Contractors - Salem Associates Inc. (A)Contractors - Sapphire Technologies  (A)    Contractors - Savant International Inc. (A)Contractors - Scicom Infrastructure Services Inc. (A)Contractors - Serebrum Corporation (P)Contractors - Seva Technologies, LLC (A)Contractors - Signature Consultants LLC (A) Contractors - SkillStorm (A) Contractors - SMX Services & Consulting (O)Contractors - Software House, Int. (P)Contractors - Software Resources Inc. (M)Contractors - Sogeti USA LLC (A)Contractors - Solution Sciences, Inc. (A)Contractors - SophLogic. (B)Contractors - Spherion Atlantic Workforce LLC (A) Contractors - Staffing Providers, Inc. (A)Contractors - Strategic Staffing Solutions  (A)Contractors - SUVI Technology Group, Inc. (O)Contractors - T2 Software Services, Inc. (A)Contractors - TAC Worldwide Companies (A)Contractors - Tal Search Group, Inc. (A)Contractors - Tandel Systems Inc. (A)Contractors - Tata America International Corp. (N)Contractors - Team Information Services, Inc. (A)Contractors - Team Solutions Consulting, Inc (C)Contractors - Technisource (A)Contractors - Technology Solutions, Inc. (A)Contractors - TEKSystems Inc. (A)Contractors - The Experts Inc. (A)Contractors - ThinkCreative (O)Contractors - Threshold Consulting Services, Inc. (A) Contractors - Total Web Hosting Solutions, Inc. (A)Contractors - Transcendent Group Inc. (A)Contractors - Triage Partners, LLC (M) Contractors - Tybrin Corporation (A)Contractors - Uber Operations LLC (A)Contractors - Unisys (A)Contractors - V2Soft Inc. (P)Contractors - Vcarve, Inc. (A) Contractors - Verity Professionals LLC (A)Contractors - Vitaver & Associates, Inc. (I) Contractors - WiseOutlook (A)Contractors - Woolpert Inc (A)Contractors - Workgroup Connections Inc. (A)Contractors - Yang Enterprises Inc. (P)Contractors - Zenith Infoway Inc. (P)AmendmentsComplete Contract - Microsoft WordComplete Contract - IT Consulting Services Completed Tasks - Vendor FormComplete Contract - PDFMyFloridaMarketPlace Users


Return to State Contracts and Agreements





Terms and Conditions | Privacy Statement | Accessibility Statement | Copyright ©2017 Department of Management Services - State of Florida
	
 	




