




















 



 Patterson-UTI Energy and Seventy Seven Energy Announce Agreement to Merge 
         










    










 













 











 



















Patterson-UTI Energy and Seventy Seven Energy Announce Agreement to Merge
        																																						
              











 News provided by
PATTERSON-UTI ENERGY, INC.  
Dec 12, 2016, 21:20 ET









 Share this article




























































HOUSTON and OKLAHOMA CITY, Dec. 12, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- PATTERSON-UTI ENERGY, INC. (NASDAQ:    PTEN) ("Patterson-UTI") and SEVENTY SEVEN ENERGY INC. (OTCPK:SVNT) ("Seventy Seven Energy") today jointly announced that the two companies have entered into a definitive merger agreement pursuant to which Patterson-UTI will acquire Seventy Seven Energy in an all-stock transaction.  Patterson-UTI and Seventy Seven Energy are both leaders in building and operating high-spec rigs, and the transaction will further solidify Patterson-UTI as a leader in the U.S. land drilling market with 201 high-spec rigs.  Additionally, following the closing of the transaction, Patterson-UTI will have one of the largest and most modern pressure pumping fleets in the industry, with more than 1.5 million hydraulic fracturing horsepower both available and strategically-located in some of the most prolific oil and gas regions in the U.S.  The transaction is subject to customary regulatory approvals, stockholder approval of both companies and other customary closing conditions, and is expected to close late in the first quarter of 2017.








Patterson-UTI expects to achieve synergies in excess of $50 million and believes, excluding transaction costs, this merger will be accretive to cash flow per share.
The terms of the merger agreement were unanimously approved by the boards of directors of both companies.  Additionally, Patterson-UTI has entered into a voting agreement with three shareholders of Seventy Seven Energy including BlueMountain Capital Management, Axar Capital Management and Mudrick Capital Management, who collectively represent more than 50% of the outstanding shares of common stock of Seventy Seven Energy.  
Under the terms of the transaction, Patterson-UTI will acquire all of the issued and outstanding shares of common stock of Seventy Seven Energy, in exchange for approximately 49.6 million shares of common stock of Patterson-UTI.  The aggregate number of shares of Patterson-UTI common stock is subject to downward adjustment if certain in-the-money Seventy Seven Energy warrants are forfeited or exercised on a net-share basis.  The transaction values Seventy Seven Energy at approximately $1.76 billion, assuming the issuance of 49.6 million shares of Patterson-UTI common stock at today's closing price of $28.67, plus approximately $336 million of Seventy Seven Energy's debt net of cash and warrant proceeds.  All of Seventy Seven Energy's debt is expected to be repaid at the closing of the transaction.  Based on the number of shares of Seventy Seven Energy common stock expected to be outstanding or deemed outstanding as of the closing date, and assuming that the in-the-money Seventy Seven Energy warrants are exercised for cash, the exchange ratio would be approximately 1.7725 shares of Patterson-UTI common stock for each share of Seventy Seven Energy common stock, and shareholders of Seventy Seven Energy would own approximately 25% of the combined company.
Patterson-UTI has the financial resources to repay Seventy Seven Energy's indebtedness through a combination of cash on hand, borrowing under its $500 million revolving credit facility, which is currently undrawn, and through the use of a senior unsecured bridge financing commitment in the amount of $150 million that Patterson-UTI has arranged in connection with this transaction.  While Patterson-UTI has the financial resources to repay Seventy Seven Energy's indebtedness, Patterson-UTI also expects to issue additional equity in connection with closing the transaction in order to maintain Patterson-UTI's historically conservative capital structure.    
Patterson-UTI is a leading provider of contract drilling and pressure pumping services in North America.  With a high-quality fleet of 161 APEX® rigs, Patterson-UTI Drilling Company has a broad geographic footprint and is a leader in walking rig technology for pad drilling applications.  Patterson-UTI's pressure pumping subsidiaries have more than one million fracturing horsepower in Texas and the Appalachian region of the northeast United States, where their footprint allows for a reputation of strong regional knowledge and efficient operations.
Seventy Seven Energy provides contract drilling, pressure pumping, and oilfield rentals in many of the most active oil and natural gas plays onshore in the United States.  Seventy Seven Energy owns a fleet of 40 high-spec drilling rigs, approximately 93% of which are pad capable, including 28 fit-for purpose PeakeRigs™.  The remainder of Seventy Seven Energy's rig fleet consists of 51 SCR rigs.  Additionally, Seventy Seven Energy owns approximately 500,000 horsepower of modern, efficient fracturing equipment located in the Anadarko Basin and Eagle Ford Shale.  This merger will also add a new product line to Patterson-UTI through Seventy Seven Energy's oilfield rentals business.  The Seventy Seven Energy oilfield rentals business has a modern, well maintained fleet of premium rental tools, and provides specialized services for land-based oil and natural gas drilling, completion and workover activities.
Mark S. Siegel, Chairman of Patterson-UTI, commented "We have always held Seventy Seven Energy in high regard due to their commitment to quality service in the field, their high-quality assets and facilities, and the talent they have throughout their organization.  As Seventy Seven Energy emerged from its recent financial restructuring, we saw an opportunity to engage a partner that is a great strategic fit for Patterson-UTI."
Andy Hendricks, Patterson-UTI's Chief Executive Officer, stated "We are very excited to be joining forces with Seventy Seven Energy.  Their contributions will allow us to further capitalize on the shifting industry fundamentals in the U.S. oil and gas market, where customers are increasingly-focused on efficiency and high-quality execution.  This merger provides both strong personnel and high quality equipment that are complementary to our existing service offerings."
"The merger combines two strategically aligned companies into one company that will be financially well-positioned and a leader in U.S. land," said Jerry Winchester, Seventy Seven Energy's Chief Executive Officer. "Given the changes our company and industry have been through the past two years, this merger is the right decision for our shareholders, employees and the oil field services industry as a whole. This transaction will establish a company with tremendous scale, a diversified customer base and premier assets located in the most active basins in the U.S.  In closing, Patterson-UTI shares our commitment to service quality and safety, and we are excited to align ourselves with them in the coming months."
Conference Call Information
Patterson-UTI will host a conference call to discuss the transaction on December 13, 2016 at 10:00 a.m. Central Time.  The dial-in information for participants is (844) 498-0567 (Domestic) and (443) 961-0820 (International).  The passcode for both numbers is 38495611.  The webcast and accompanying slides can be accessed through the Investor Relations section at www.patenergy.com.  A replay of the conference call will be on the Company's website for one week.  
Advisors and Financing Source
Piper Jaffray & Co., through its Simmons & Company International division and Vinson & Elkins LLP acted as advisors to Patterson-UTI, while Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC acted as financial advisor and Wachtell, Lipton, Rosen & Katz acted as legal counsel to Seventy Seven Energy.  Canyon Capital Advisors LLC, on behalf of its funds and managed accounts, has provided a senior unsecured bridge financing commitment to Patterson-UTI.
About Patterson-UTI 
Patterson-UTI Energy, Inc. subsidiaries provide onshore contract drilling and pressure pumping services to exploration and production companies in North America, and drilling rig pipe handling technology worldwide.  Patterson-UTI Drilling Company LLC and its subsidiaries operate land-based drilling rigs in oil and natural gas producing regions of the continental United States and western Canada.  Universal Pressure Pumping, Inc. and Universal Well Services, Inc. provide pressure pumping services primarily in Texas and the Appalachian region.  Warrior Rig Technologies Limited provides pipe handling components and related technology to drilling contractors around the world.
Location information about the Company's drilling rigs and their individual inventories is available through the Company's website at www.patenergy.com.
About Seventy Seven Energy 
Headquartered in Oklahoma City, Seventy Seven Energy provides a wide range of wellsite services and equipment to U.S. land-based exploration and production customers.  Seventy Seven Energy's services include drilling, hydraulic fracturing and oilfield rentals and its operations are geographically diversified across many of the most active oil and natural gas plays in the onshore U.S., including the Anadarko and Permian basins and the Eagle Ford, Haynesville, Marcellus, Niobrara and Utica shales.
Important Information for Investors and Stockholders 
This press release does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any securities or a solicitation of any vote or approval. The proposed transaction will be submitted to the stockholders of each of Patterson-UTI Energy, Inc. ("Patterson-UTI") and Seventy Seven Energy Inc. ("Seventy Seven Energy") for their consideration. Patterson-UTI will prepare and file a Registration Statement on Form S-4 that will include a prospectus and proxy statement jointly prepared by Patterson-UTI and Seventy Seven Energy.  Seventy Seven Energy and Patterson-UTI may also file other documents with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC") regarding the proposed transaction. INVESTORS AND SECURITY HOLDERS OF Patterson-UTI ARE URGED TO READ THE PROXY STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS AND ANY OTHER RELEVANT DOCUMENTS THAT WILL BE FILED WITH THE SEC CAREFULLY AND IN THEIR ENTIRETY WHEN THEY BECOME AVAILABLE BECAUSE THEY WILL CONTAIN IMPORTANT INFORMATION ABOUT THE PROPOSED TRANSACTION. Investors and security holders may obtain free copies of the proxy statement/prospectus and other documents containing important information about Seventy Seven Energy and Patterson-UTI once such documents are filed with the SEC through the website maintained by the SEC at www.sec.gov. Copies of the documents filed with the SEC by Patterson-UTI will be available free of charge on Patterson-UTI's website at www.patenergy.com under the tab "Investors" and then through the link titled "SEC Filings" or by contacting Patterson-UTI's Investor Relations Department by email at investrelations@patenergy.com, or by phone at (281) 765-7100.  Copies of the documents filed with the SEC by Seventy Seven Energy will be available free of charge on Seventy Seven Energy's website at www.77nrg.com under the tab "Investors" and then through the link titled "SEC Filings" or by contacting Seventy Seven Energy's Investor Relations Department by email at IR@77nrg.com or by phone at (405) 608-7730.
Participants in the Solicitation 
Patterson-UTI, Seventy Seven Energy and certain of their respective directors and executive officers may be deemed to be participants in the solicitation of proxies from the stockholders of Patterson-UTI in connection with the proposed transaction. Information about the directors and executive officers of Patterson-UTI is set forth in the Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A for Patterson-UTI's 2015 annual meeting of shareholders, which was filed with the SEC on April 15, 2016. Information about the directors and executive officers of Seventy Seven Energy is set forth in the 2015 Annual Report on Form 10-K/A for Seventy Seven Energy, which was filed with the SEC on April 29, 2016.  These documents can be obtained free of charge from the sources indicated above. Other information regarding the participants in the proxy solicitation and a description of their direct and indirect interests, by security holdings or otherwise, will be contained in the proxy statement/prospectus and other relevant materials to be filed with the SEC when they become available. 
Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 
This press release contains forward-looking statements which are protected as forward-looking statements under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 that are not limited to historical facts, but reflect Patterson-UTI's and Seventy Seven Energy's current beliefs, expectations or intentions regarding future events.  Words such as "may," "will," "could," "should," "expect," "plan," "project," "intend," "anticipate," "believe," "estimate," "predict," "potential," "pursuant," "target," "continue," and similar expressions are intended to identify such forward-looking statements.  The statements in this press release that are not historical statements, including statements regarding the expected timetable for completing the proposed transaction, benefits and synergies of the proposed transaction, costs and other anticipated financial impacts of the proposed transaction; the combined company's plans, objectives, future opportunities for the combined company and services, future financial performance and operating results and any other statements regarding Patterson-UTI's and Seventy Seven Energy's future expectations, beliefs, plans, objectives, financial conditions, assumptions or future events or performance that are not historical facts, are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws.  These statements are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond Patterson-UTI's or Seventy Seven Energy's control, which could cause actual results to differ materially from the results expressed or implied by the statements.  These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to: failure to obtain the required votes of Patterson-UTI's or Seventy Seven Energy 's shareholders; the timing to consummate the proposed transaction; satisfaction of the conditions to closing of the proposed transaction may not be satisfied or that the closing of the proposed transaction otherwise does not occur; the risk that a regulatory approval that may be required for the proposed transaction is not obtained or is obtained subject to conditions that are not anticipated; the diversion of management time on transaction-related issues; the ultimate timing, outcome and results of integrating the operations of Patterson-UTI and Seventy Seven Energy; the effects of the business combination of Patterson-UTI and Seventy Seven Energy, including the combined company's future financial condition, results of operations, strategy and plans; potential adverse reactions or changes to business relationships resulting from the announcement or completion of the proposed transaction; expected synergies and other benefits from the proposed transaction and the ability of Patterson-UTI to realize such synergies and other benefits; expectations regarding regulatory approval of the transaction; results of litigation, settlements and investigations; actions by third parties, including governmental agencies; volatility in customer spending and in oil and natural gas prices, which could adversely affect demand for Patterson-UTI's and Seventy Seven Energy's services and their associated effect on rates, utilization, margins and planned capital expenditures; global economic conditions; excess availability of land drilling rigs and pressure pumping equipment, including as a result of low commodity prices, reactivation or construction; liabilities from operations; decline in, and ability to realize, backlog; equipment specialization and new technologies; adverse industry conditions; adverse credit and equity market conditions; difficulty in building and deploying new equipment; difficulty in integrating acquisitions; shortages, delays in delivery and interruptions of supply of equipment, supplies and materials; weather; loss of, or reduction in business with, key customers; legal proceedings; ability to effectively identify and enter new markets; governmental regulation; and ability to retain management and field personnel.
Additional information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements is contained from time to time in Patterson-UTI's and Seventy Seven Energy's SEC filings.  Patterson-UTI's filings may be obtained by contacting Patterson-UTI or the SEC or through Patterson-UTI's web site at http://www.patenergy.com or through the SEC's Electronic Data Gathering and Analysis Retrieval System (EDGAR) at http://www.sec.gov.  Seventy Seven Energy's filings may be obtained by contacting Seventy Seven Energy or the SEC or through Seventy Seven Energy's web site at www.77nrg.com or through the SEC's Electronic Data Gathering and Analysis Retrieval System (EDGAR) at http://www.sec.gov. Patterson-UTI and Seventy Seven Energy undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statement. 
 
To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/patterson-uti-energy-and-seventy-seven-energy-announce-agreement-to-merge-300376948.html
SOURCE PATTERSON-UTI ENERGY, INC.
 Related Links

http://www.patenergy.com



 












Dec 22, 2016, 06:00 ET
Preview: Patterson-UTI Energy Announces Fourth Quarter Earnings Conference Call and Webcast













Dec 05, 2016, 06:00 ET
Preview: Patterson-UTI Reports Drilling Activity for November 2016






My News


  Release contains wide tables.	  View fullscreen.






 Also from this source




 

Jul 27, 2017, 06:00 ET
                                  				                                                                                     
                              Patterson-UTI Energy Reports Financial Results for Three and Six...








 

Jul 06, 2017, 06:00 ET
                                  				                                                                                     
                              Patterson-UTI Reports Drilling Activity for June 2017





 Explore
 More news releases in similar topics

  Gas
  Oil & Energy
  Utilities
  OTC, SmallCap
Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers








 You just read:
Patterson-UTI Energy and Seventy Seven Energy Announce Agreement to Merge


 News provided by
PATTERSON-UTI ENERGY, INC.  
Dec 12, 2016, 21:20 ET








 Share this article









































 











Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire?
Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform.
Sign up to get started
Request more information
Have an account? Log In

















Search











Searching for your content...









Advanced Search












































 


Seventy Seven Energy Inc: OTCMKTS:SSEIQ quotes & news - Google FinanceCookies help us deliver our services. By using our services, you agree to our use of cookiesLearn moreGot itMy AccountSearchMapsYouTubePlayNewsGmailDriveCalendarGoogle+TranslatePhotosMoreShoppingWalletFinanceDocsBooksBloggerContactsHangoutsKeepEven more from GoogleSign inHidden fieldsSearch FinanceAdobe Flash Player is required for interactive charts. AllowFinanceSeventy Seven Energy Inc(OTCMKTS:SSEIQ)Add to portfolioCompanySummaryNewsRelated companiesHistorical pricesFinancialsMarketsNewsPortfoliosStock screenerGoogle Domestic TrendsRecent Quotes (30 days)You have no recent quoteschg | %




Seventy Seven Energy Inc  (Public, OTCMKTS:SSEIQ)  
Watch this stock
 




















0.0000









Delayed:
 




OTCMKTS
data delayed by 15 mins -
Disclaimer

Currency in USD







Range

    -



52 week

    -



Open

    -



Vol.

0.00



Mkt cap

    -



P/E

    -



Div/yield

    -



EPS

-4.72



Shares

58.97M



Beta

    -



Inst. own

40%































News





Relevance



Date











All news for Seventy Seven Energy Inc »

Subscribe






Advertisement


Key stats and ratios




Q4 (Dec '16)
2016


Net profit margin
-18.94%
-39.42%

Operating margin
-13.27%
-39.41%

EBITD margin
-
14.92%

Return on average assets
-11.29%
-15.38%

Return on average equity
-23.32%
-76.92%

Employees
1,700
-

CDP Score
-

-



More ratios from Thomson Reuters »

Address
777 NW 63rd StOKLAHOMA CITY, OK 73116-7601United States
- Map+1-405-6087777 (Phone)+1-302-6555049 (Fax)















Settings |
Technicals |



Link to this view





Sources include SIX.




















Advertisement







Related companies





Show:


Most Recent Quarter


Most Recent Annual




Add or remove columns
Save changes
Cancel









More from FactSet »










Description




Seventy Seven Energy Inc. is a diversified oilfield services company. The Company provides a range of well site services and equipment to the United States land-based exploration and production (E&P) customers operating in unconventional resource plays. The Company's segments include Drilling, Hydraulic Fracturing and Oilfield Rentals. The drilling segment is operated through its subsidiary, Nomac Drilling, L.L.C., and provides land drilling services for oil and natural gas E&P activities. The hydraulic fracturing segment is operated through its subsidiary, Performance Technologies, L.L.C. (PTL), and provides high-pressure hydraulic fracturing or frac services and other well stimulation services. The Company's oilfield rentals segment is operated through its subsidiary, Great Plains Oilfield Rental, L.L.C. (GPOR), and provides premium rental tools and specialized services for land-based oil and natural gas drilling, completion and workover activities.


More from Reuters »












Google Finance Beta available in: Hong Kong - Canada - U.S. - China - U.K.Information is provided "as is" and solely for informational purposes, not for trading purposes or advice, and may be delayed.To see all exchange delays, please  see disclaimer.©2017 Google - Google Home - Blog - Help - Report a Problem - Privacy Policy - Terms of Service










FlashRatings | Contact Us














Facebook Autocomplete Demo









Post a Rating















              $
              



            12-Month Price Target
            



              $
              









140






 






















 




 TRENDING
SIGN UP
LOG IN









Contact FlashRatings












Your emotional state
Excited
Confused
Worried
Upset
Panicked
Angry







 


























FlashRatings | Principles














Facebook Autocomplete Demo









Post a Rating















              $
              



            12-Month Price Target
            



              $
              









140






 






















 




 TRENDING
SIGN UP
LOG IN








FlashRatings' Principles

          1. FlashRatings' mission is to provide you - the investor - with as much honest and professional research on your investments as possible.
        

          2. We believe it's much better to get a multitude of credible opinions on an investment than to arbitrarily follow any single advisor - be it your banker, a friend, or a TV pundit.
        

          3. FlashRatings does NOT provide advice. Our job is to accurately and objectively report on analysts' credible research and opinions. The only advice FlashRatings will ever give you is to absorb as much fundamental research and different opinions as possible and make your own decisions!
         

          4. FlashRatings favors covering analysts with proven track records, but will cover all analysts as long as their research is honest and professional.
        



Sign up »














Seventy Seven Energy Inc.: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 3:02 PM ET
Energy Equipment and Services

Company Overview of Seventy Seven Energy Inc.



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Seventy Seven Energy Inc., a diversified oilfield services company, provides a range of wellsite services and equipment to land-based exploration and production customers in the United States. It operates through three segments: Drilling, Hydraulic Fracturing, and Oilfield Rentals. The Drilling segment offers land-based drilling services. The Hydraulic Fracturing segment provides hydraulic fracturing and other well stimulation services. The Oilfield Rentals segment offers rental tools for land-based oil and natural gas drilling, completion, and workover activities. It provides a line of rental tools, such as drill pipes, drill collars, tubing, blowout preventers, frac and mud tanks, and envi...
Seventy Seven Energy Inc., a diversified oilfield services company, provides a range of wellsite services and equipment to land-based exploration and production customers in the United States. It operates through three segments: Drilling, Hydraulic Fracturing, and Oilfield Rentals. The Drilling segment offers land-based drilling services. The Hydraulic Fracturing segment provides hydraulic fracturing and other well stimulation services. The Oilfield Rentals segment offers rental tools for land-based oil and natural gas drilling, completion, and workover activities. It provides a line of rental tools, such as drill pipes, drill collars, tubing, blowout preventers, frac and mud tanks, and environmental containment tools. This segment also offers air drilling, flowback services, and services associated with the transfer of water to the wellsite for well completions. As of December 31, 2016, Seventy Seven Energy Inc. owned a fleet of 91 drilling rigs and 13 hydraulic fracturing fleets. The company was formerly known as Chesapeake Oilfield Operating, L.L.C. and changed its name to Seventy Seven Energy Inc. in June 2014. Seventy Seven Energy Inc. was founded in 2011 and is headquartered in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma. The company operates independently of Chesapeake Energy Corporation, as of June 30, 2014. As of April 20, 2017, Seventy Seven Energy Inc. operates as a subsidiary of Patterson-UTI Energy, Inc.
Detailed Description


777 NW 63rd StreetOklahoma City, OK 73116United StatesFounded in 20111,700 Employees



Phone: 405-608-7777

www.77nrg.com







Key Executives for Seventy Seven Energy Inc.




Mr. William Andrew Hendricks Jr.


      	Chief Executive Officer, President and Director
      


Age: 52
        







Mr. John E. Vollmer III


      	Chief Financial Officer, Senior Vice President of Corporate Development, Treasurer and Director
      


Age: 61
        







Mr. James G. Minmier


      	President of Nomac Drilling LLC
      


Age: 53
        







Mr. William R. Stanger


      	President of Performance Technologies LLC
      


Age: 63
        







Mr. Zachary M. Graves


      	President of Thunder Oilfield Services LLC
      


Age: 41
        




Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 

Seventy Seven Energy Inc. Key Developments

Seventy Seven Energy To Be Deleted From Other OTC
Apr 21 17
Seventy Seven Energy Inc. new common stock will be deleted from Other OTC, effective April 24, 2017. The deletion was due to Acquisition/Merger/Amalgamation.


Seventy Seven Energy Inc. Amends and Restates Certificate of Incorporation
Apr 20 17
Seventy Seven Energy Inc. announced the certificate of incorporation of SSE was amended and restated in the form of the Certificate of Incorporation. The bylaws of SSE were amended and restated in the form of the Bylaws.


Seventy Seven Energy Inc. Announces Management Changes
Apr 20 17
On April 20, 2017, pursuant to an agreement and plan of merger, dated as of December 12, 2016, by and among Seventy Seven Energy Inc., Patterson-UTI Energy Inc., and Pyramid Merger Sub Inc., Patterson-UTI completed its Merger with SSE, which was accomplished through the merger of Merger Sub with and into SSE, with SSE surviving the Merger as a wholly-owned subsidiary of Patterson-UTI. In connection with the Merger, all of the directors of SSE immediately prior to the Effective Time ceased to be directors of SSE at the Effective Time and were replaced by William Andrew Hendricks, Jr., John E. Vollmer III and Seth D. Wexler. In connection with the Merger, Jerry Winchester, President and Chief Executive Officer, Cary Baetz, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer, and Karl Blanchard, Chief Operating Officer, ceased to be officers of SSE at the Effective Time. As of the Effective Time, Mr. Hendricks became President and Chief Executive Officer, Mr. Vollmer became Senior Vice President – Corporate Development, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer and Mr. Wexler became Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary of SSE.


Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 1 Engineering & Manufacturing LLC United States 1845 Oil Field Services United States 1st Resource Group, Inc. United States 2-J Well Service LLC United States 212 Resources Corporation United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target





Merger/Acquisition

			      December 12, 2016
			    
--





Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Seventy Seven Energy Inc., please visit www.77nrg.com.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close



































FlashRatings | About us














Facebook Autocomplete Demo









Post a Rating















              $
              



            12-Month Price Target
            



              $
              









140






 






















 




 TRENDING
SIGN UP
LOG IN








FlashRatings - All research for my stocks!

The most comprehensive equity research coverage available online.


          Never miss a single piece of research, upgrade, downgrade or target price change by any analyst firm on any stock!
          
          Equity research by professional analysts - especially their rationales more than their forecasts - contains far more interesting and important information about the actual fundamentals of the traded companies than can be gathered from conventional news reports.
          
          Our mission is to unlock access to valuable research on stocks for all retail investors. 
          
          
         

      
          
        



Professionals/ Institutions: Take advantage of our cost-effective subscriptions to have FlashRatings's comprehensive real-time feed delivered into your intranet and trading floor platforms. (Institutional Subscriptions)


Websites: Become a content licensing partner and display FlashRatings's popular news feed on your website. (Content Licensing)


Advertisers: Advertise with us and have FlashRatings readers, with attractive demographics, take advantage of your products. (Advertising)
















Seventy Seven Energy Inc: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback















seventy seven energy inc
Public Company









Company Profile
Sector: Energy
Industry: Oil, Gas & Coal
Sub-Industry: Oil & Gas Services & Equip
Seventy Seven Energy Inc. operates as a diversified oilfield services company. The Company provides a wide range of well-site services and equipment to the United States land-based exploration and production customers operating in unconventional resource plays. Seventy Seven Energy offers upstream services, including drilling, pressure pumping, and oilfield rental tools.




Corporate Information
Address:

777 Northwest 63rd Street
Oklahoma City, OK
United States


Phone:
1-405-608-7777


Fax:
-


Web url:
www.77nrg.com























From The Web












Press Releases




Seventy Seven Energy Inc. Extends Deadline for Warrant Exercises

Apr 10, 2017



Seventy Seven Energy Inc. Extends Deadline for Warrant Exercises

Apr 10, 2017



Patterson-UTI Energy, Inc. Announces Meeting Date for Special Meeting Regarding Merger with Seventy Seven Energy Inc.

Mar 22, 2017



SHAREHOLDER ALERT: Levi & Korsinsky, LLP Announces the Filing of a Complaint Concerning the Fairness of the Sale of Seventy Sev

Mar 14, 2017



Monteverde & Associates PC Files Class Action Lawsuit On Behalf of Shareholders of Seventy Seven Energy, Inc. in the Western

Mar 14, 2017






Key Executives


Bob Jarvis


Senior Dir:Investor Relations & Marketing







Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data






































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











 



Seventy Seven Energy |



















































































Last



Change



Volume



% Change



52 Week High



52 Week Low




More Stock Information >










THIS IS













Nomac Drilling





Performance Technologies





Great Plains Oilfield Rental












We’ve Got You Covered
Seventy Seven Energy is an Oklahoma-based company that offers drilling, pressure-pumping and oilfield rental tools. Through our umbrella of affiliates, we have the resources to provide comprehensive upstream services for all major shale plays in the United States.







Our Services Include:







Drilling


Through Nomac Drilling, we provide integrated drilling services in conventional and horizontal applications. The plans we provide maximize drilling efficiencies and lower your costs. Our fleet of rigs has an average age of less than seven years and is equipped to meet your needs. To put it simply – we drill faster, safer and more efficiently than our competition.

Nomac Drilling










Pumping


Performance Technologies provides pressure-pumping services for natural gas and oil well stimulation treatments to improve well productivity. We design treatments specific to new and developing unconventional fields. With nine crews across several major shale plays, we’ve got you covered for pressure-pumping services.

Performance Technologies










Rentals


Great Plains Oilfield Rentals provides custom plans for every drilling project, including both equipment and workers. From drill pipe to air packages, Great Plains offers everything you need for a successful drilling operation. Our services include air drilling, water transfer and rentals of drill pipe, drill collars, tubing, blowout preventers, frac tanks, flow back and custom mud systems.

Great Plains Oilfield Rental










LEARNING


Developing. Growing. Improving. Advancing. Achieving. Succeeding. That’s the opportunity afforded every employee within SSE and all its subsidiary companies. We value our workforce and passionately believe our people provide us with our strongest advantage. We are ready to invest in you – in building your knowledge and developing your career so you can continue to add value to our business every day.  What does this investment look like? Our globally-recognized, IADC-accredited well control program, highly-acclaimed leadership initiatives, career development programs, and required training programs in safety to name only a few.

PEOPLE AND LEARNING





















































Chesapeake Closes Spin-off; Seventy Seven Energy Debuts - July 2, 2014 - Zacks.com























 




































 
Join

Sign In




Member Sign In


 Keep Me Signed In 
What does "Remember Me" do?
Forgot Password


Create a New Account







 




















 


You are being directed to ZacksTrade, a division of LBMZ Securities and licensed broker-dealer. ZacksTrade and Zacks.com are separate companies. The web link between the two companies is not a solicitation or offer to invest in a particular security or type of security. ZacksTrade does not endorse or adopt any particular investment strategy, any analyst opinion/rating/report or any approach to evaluating indiv idual securities.
If you wish to go to ZacksTrade, click OK. If you do not, click Cancel.
OK Cancel








Back to top











Chesapeake Closes Spin-off; Seventy Seven Energy Debuts


Zacks Equity Research
                July 02, 2014

CHK MTRX ECA 

Trades from
$1











 









Read MoreHide Full Article










	Oklahoma City-based, Chesapeake Energy Corporation (CHK  -  Free Report)	 has spun off of its oilfield services business into a stand-alone, publicly traded company called Seventy Seven Energy Inc. . The new entity was earlier held under Chesapeake Oilfield Operating, L.L.C.
	In May 2014, that the company announced the tentative strategic spilt, which received the board's approval in June. The move is in line with the company’s ongoing strategy of shifting focus from natural gas drilling to liquids production.
	Seventy Seven Energy owns 118 rigs and is involved in drilling, hydraulic fracturing, rig relocation as well as other related services. The divested business generated revenues of $2.2 billion last year – approximately one-eighth of the company’s total revenue. Of Chesapeake Energy’s 10,800 employees, 5,200 have been moved to Seventy Seven Energy.
	Chesapeake Energy’s shareholders received one share of SSE common stock for every 14 shares of Chesapeake Energy common stock held at the close of business on the record date of Jun 19. The share distribution took place after the close of business on Jun 30, 2014. Post distribution, SSE became an independent, publicly traded company, and Chesapeake Energy retained no equity interest.
	Chesapeake Energy’s spin-off was aimed at reducing costs and debts as well as increasing the market value of its assets. Overall, the company estimates funds exceeding $4 billion to be generated in 2014 from its spin-off and asset divesture plans. Year-to-date, the company has generated around $925 million through asset disposal.
	For 2014, Chesapeake Energy expects capital expenditure in the range of $5.0–$5.4 billion. At the end of the first quarter, this leading U.S. natural gas producer had a cash balance of just over $1 billion. Its long-term debt stood at $12.7 billion, representing a debt-to-capitalization ratio of 39.0%.
	In May, the company raised its full-year total production growth outlook on an adjusted basis to 9–12% from 8–10%, to reflect higher-than-expected natural gas liquids volumes. However, as the company shifts its focus to more liquid-rich plays, it expects liquids production to increase approximately 29–33% in 2014.
	Chesapeake Energy remains one of the industry’s most active players in managing asset portfolio through a combination of acquisitions and disposals. With the largest inventory of unconventional resource potential than probably any other domestic independent, Chesapeake Energy boasts a leading position among the top unconventional liquids-rich plays, comprising Eagle Ford, Utica, Granite Wash, Cleveland, Tonkawa, Mississippi Lime and Niobrara and in the Marcellus, Haynesville/Bossier and Barnett natural gas shale plays.
	At present, Chesapeake Energy carries a Zacks Rank #3 (Hold). Some better-ranked oil and gas stocks include Encana Corp (ECA  -  Free Report)	 and Matrix Service Company (MTRX  -  Free Report)	. Both stocks sport a Zacks Rank #1 (Strong Buy).
	 















In-Depth Zacks Research for the Tickers Above
Normally $25 each - click below to receive one report FREE:
Chesapeake Energy Corporation (CHK) - free report >>Matrix Service Company (MTRX) - free report >>Encana Corporation (ECA) - free report >>















More from Zacks Analyst Blog







REIT Stocks Q2 Earnings Due on Jul 31: VRO, ARE, BRX & NRZ








VeriSign (VRSN) Beats on Q2 Earnings, Ups '17 Revenue View








BJ's Restaurants (BJRI) Falls on Q2 Earnings & Revenue Miss








Ventas (VTR) Beats Q2 FFO Estimates, Reiterates 2017 View








›
‹





You May Like








New Technologies Give U.S. Telecom More Reasons to Grow









Top Research Reports for AT&T, Visa & Nike









Top Ranked Momentum Stocks to Buy for July 28th









Top Ranked Income Stocks to Buy for July 28th








›
‹




 









Zacks' 7 Breakout Stocksfor July, 2017
Free Report for Zacks.com Visitors Only
Our experts cut down 220 Zacks Rank #1 Strong Buys to the 7 that are most likely to jump in price immediately.
For 28 years, the full Strong Buy list has averaged a stellar +25% per year. See its 7 best stocks now.


  




Close This Panel X














 

Most Read








Friday Finish Line: Jimmy Choo Sale, Q2 Earnings Roundup & More



 




Buy the Amazon Dip with ETFs



 




The Only Direction Cloud Companies Are Going Is Up



 




More Tech Earnings Reports



 




New Strong Buy Stocks for July 28th








›
‹



















 






























Seventy Seven Energy Inc - OTC:SSE - Stock Quote & News - TheStreet






















 





















Action Alerts PLUS

Access AAPJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 2017Charitable Trust PortfolioMost Recent Trade Alert25 Investing Rules10 Trading Commandments

Real Money

Access RM25 Rules of InvestingJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 201710 CommandmentsStressed Out StocksCramer's Blog

Cramer
Mad Money
ETFs
Futures
Markets
Much More

BanksBiotechRetailTechPersonal FinanceRetirementFinancial Advisor CenterHow to SpendOptionsFixed IncomeVideo










Privacy Policy|Terms of Use© 1996- TheStreet Inc. All rights reserved
















                                DJIA
                            







                                NASDAQ
                            







                                S&P 500
                            






Market Data updated






Sign In




Your Membership(s)








Your Account





Account Preferences


Alerts


Newsletters







Subscribe





Logout



Subscribe

Access insights and guidance from our Wall Street pros. Find the product that's right for you.
Action Alerts PLUS
Action Alerts OPTIONS
Daily Swing Trade
Income Seeker
Quant Ratings
Real Money
Real Money Pro
Stocks Under $10
Top Stocks
Trifecta Stocks
Real Money Pro Portfolio
Chairman's Club
Compare All 
Chatter on the Street













































 






















Seventy Seven Energy Inc (SSE)
Follow




                                    0.11
                                

0.00
0.63




                        OTC : Basic Materials
                    

Jul 28, 2016 3:48 PM EDT












Prev Close
  0.11


Open
0.11


Day Low/High

                                    0.11 /
                                    0.12


52 Wk Low/High

                                    0.06 /
                                    3.50
                                


Volume
343.60K


Avg Volume 
1.15M











Exchange
OTC


Shares Outstanding
58.93M


Market Cap
9.43M


EPS
-4.40


P/E Ratio

                                        
                                            N/A
                                        
                                    


Div & Yield

                                        
                                            N.A. (N.A)
                                        
                                    























Trade with Jim Cramer 14 Days FREE 









Latest News




IIROC Trading Resumption - SSE






IIROC Trading Halt - SSE

















Seventy Seven Energy Inc. Announces Second Quarter 2016 Operational And Financial Results
Seventy Seven Energy Inc. ("SSE") today reported financial and operational results for the second quarter of 2016.

Aug 9, 2016 9:00 AM EDT













Seventy Seven Energy Inc. Emerges From Chapter 11 Bankruptcy
Seventy Seven Energy Inc. (the "Company") today announced that it has successfully completed its prepackaged restructuring and recapitalization and emerged from Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection.

Aug 1, 2016 4:16 PM EDT













Seventy Seven Energy Inc. Files For Court Approval Of Prepackaged Reorganization Plan
Seventy Seven Energy Inc. (the "Company") today announced that it has filed a pre-packaged plan of reorganization under Chapter 11 of the U.

Jun 7, 2016 11:49 AM EDT













Seventy Seven Energy Inc. Enters Into Second Amended And Restated Restructuring Support Agreement
Seventy Seven Energy Inc. (the "Company"), today announced that it has entered into a Second Amended and Restated Restructuring Support Agreement (the "Second Amended and Restated Restructuring Support Agreement") with (i)...

May 13, 2016 6:50 AM EDT













Seventy Seven Energy Inc. Announces First Quarter 2016 Operational And Financial Results
Seventy Seven Energy Inc. (NYSE: SSE) today reported financial and operational results for the first quarter of 2016.

Apr 25, 2016 6:50 AM EDT













Seventy Seven Energy Inc. Enters Into Restructuring Support Agreement
Seventy Seven Energy Inc. (the "Company"), today announced that it has entered into a Restructuring Support Agreement (the "Agreement") with certain lenders (the "Incremental Term Loan Lenders") representing 92.

Apr 19, 2016 8:30 AM EDT













Short Interest Expands By 10.3% For SSE
The most recent short interest data has been released by the NASDAQ for the 03/31/2016 settlement date, which shows a 987,455 share increase in total short interest for Seventy Seven Energy Inc , to 10,573,741, an increase of 10.30% since 03/15/2016. Total short interest is just one way to look at short data; another metric that we here at Dividend Channel find particularly useful is the "days to cover" metric because it considers both the total shares short and the average daily volume of shares traded.

Apr 13, 2016 2:30 PM EDT













Seventy Seven Energy Inc. Announces 2015 Full Year And Fourth Quarter Operational And Financial Results
Seventy Seven Energy Inc. (NYSE: SSE) today reported financial and operational results for the 2015 full year and fourth quarter.

Feb 17, 2016 6:30 AM EST













Seventy Seven Energy Inc. Announces Release Date And Conference Call Information For 2015 Full Year And Fourth Quarter Operational And Financial Results
Seventy Seven Energy Inc. (NYSE:SSE) has scheduled to release its 2015 full year and fourth quarter operational and financial results before market open on Wednesday, February 17, 2016.

Feb 12, 2016 6:30 AM EST













Seventy Seven Energy Inc. Announces Preliminary 2015 Full Year And Fourth Quarter Operational And Financial Results
Seventy Seven Energy Inc. (NYSE: SSE) today reported preliminary estimated and unaudited financial and operational results for the 2015 full year and fourth quarter.

Feb 9, 2016 4:51 PM EST













Seventy Seven Energy Inc. Announces Receipt Of Notice From NYSE Regarding Non-Compliance With Continued Listing Standard
Seventy Seven Energy Inc. (NYSE: SSE) announced today that it has received notice from the New York Stock Exchange ("NYSE") of non-compliance with the NYSE continued listing standard that requires the average closing price...

Jan 21, 2016 4:30 PM EST













Seventy Seven Energy Inc. To Explore And Identify Capital Structure Opportunities
Seventy Seven Energy Inc. (NYSE: SSE) announced today that it has retained the services of Lazard Freres & Co.

Jan 12, 2016 6:30 AM EST













SSE: Insiders vs. Shorts
The most recent short interest data was recently released by the NASDAQ for the 09/30/2015 settlement date, and Seventy Seven Energy Inc is one of the most shorted stocks of the Russell 3000, based on 7.65 "days to cover" versus the median component at 5.50. There are a number of ways to look at short data, but one metric that we find particularly useful is the "days to cover" because it considers both the total shares short and the average daily volume of shares typically traded.

Nov 4, 2015 2:29 PM EST













Insider Trading Alert - SSE, CBPO And PLAB Traded By Insiders
Stocks with insider trader activity include SSE, CBPO and PLAB

Nov 4, 2015 12:45 PM EST













Seventy Seven Energy Inc. Announces Third Quarter 2015 Operational And Financial Results
Seventy Seven Energy Inc. (NYSE: SSE) today reported financial and operational results for the third quarter of 2015.

Oct 28, 2015 6:30 AM EDT













Seventy Seven Energy Inc. Announces Release Date And Conference Call Information For 2015 Third Quarter Operational Update And Financial Results
Seventy Seven Energy Inc. (NYSE:SSE) has scheduled to release its 2015 third quarter operational update and financial results before market open on Wednesday, October 28, 2015.

Oct 5, 2015 5:08 PM EDT













Seventy Seven Energy (SSE) Is Today's Strong On High Volume Stock
Trade-Ideas LLC identified Seventy Seven Energy (SSE) as a strong on high relative volume candidate

Jul 31, 2015 10:03 AM EDT













Seventy Seven Energy Inc. Announces Second Quarter 2015 Operational And Financial Results
Seventy Seven Energy Inc. (NYSE: SSE) today reported financial and operational results for the second quarter of 2015.

Jul 29, 2015 7:01 AM EDT









Ratings Changes Today
TheStreet Quant Ratings provides fair and objective information to help you make educated investing decisions.  We rate over 4,300 stocks daily and provide 5-page PDF reports for each stock.  These ratings can change daily and today's changes are reflected in the email below.  

If you are looking to check-up on the stocks you currently own or are looking for new ideas, you can find our full database of password-protected ratings reports in our proprietary ratings screener:  
http://www.thestreet.com/k/qr/flat/stock-screener.html    
    
Upgrades: ABT, CZNC, ELS, GE, THS
    
Downgrades: HTZ, MMYT, OLN, RBCAA, RDCM, SWC, TNAV, UGP, YY
    
Initiations:  FCFP, SSE
    
Read on to get TheStreet Quant Ratings' detailed report:

Jul 20, 2015 11:00 AM EDT













Seventy Seven Energy Inc. Announces Release Date And Conference Call Information For 2015 Second Quarter Operational Update And Financial Results
Seventy Seven Energy Inc. (NYSE:SSE) has scheduled to release its 2015 second quarter operational update and financial results before market open on Wednesday, July 29, 2015.

Jun 26, 2015 10:00 AM EDT













Seventy Seven Energy Inc. Announces Closing Of Sale Of Hodges Trucking Company, L.L.C.
Seventy Seven Energy Inc. (NYSE:SSE) announced today the completion of the previously disclosed sale of Hodges Trucking Company, L.

Jun 15, 2015 7:00 PM EDT













4 Basic Materials Stocks Under $10 Making Big Moves
When a stock makes a large-percentage move, it is often just the start of a new major trend -- a trend that can lead to huge profits.

Jun 2, 2015 1:50 PM EDT













Seventy Seven Energy Inc. Announces Sale Of Hodges Trucking Company, L.L.C.
Seventy Seven Energy Inc. (NYSE:SSE) announced today the execution of a definitive agreement to sell Hodges Trucking Company, L.

May 25, 2015 9:00 AM EDT













Seventy Seven Energy (SSE) Stock Receives Rating Upgrade at Jefferies
Seventy Seven Energy (SSE) was upgraded to 'buy' from 'hold' at Jefferies on Monday.

May 18, 2015 9:40 AM EDT













Seventy Seven Energy Inc. Announces Closing Of $100 Million Term Loan Financing
Seventy Seven Energy Inc. (NYSE:SSE) announced today that its wholly owned subsidiary, Seventy Seven Operating LLC ("SSO"), has closed an incremental $100 million junior lien financing under its term loan facility with...

May 14, 2015 4:02 PM EDT













4 Oil and Gas Stocks Under $10 Making Big Moves
Keep these under-$10 oil and gas stocks on your trading radar.

May 12, 2015 2:14 PM EDT













Seventy Seven Energy (SSE) Stock Gains on Earnings Beat
Seventy Seven Energy (SSE) shares are rising after the company beat analysts EPS and revenue expectations.

May 5, 2015 11:59 AM EDT













Seventy Seven Energy Inc. Announces First Quarter 2015 Operational And Financial Results
Seventy Seven Energy Inc. (NYSE: SSE) today reported financial and operational results for the first quarter of 2015.

May 5, 2015 7:01 AM EDT



















Next






Load More








From Our Partners



SSE Sees `Significant Challenges' as U.K. Price Cap Looms

Bloomberg



Richard Zeits Positions For 2017, Part 2: Oil M&A Likely To Accelerate As Oil Recovers

SeekingAlpha



Seventy Seven Energy reports Q3 results

SeekingAlpha



SSE to Sell $755 Million Stake in Scotia Gas to Abu Dhabi

Bloomberg



Tracking Carl Icahn's Portfolio - Q2 2016 Update

SeekingAlpha



Seventy Seven Energy reports Q2 results

SeekingAlpha



Energy Recap: Rig Count Rises, What's Up In The Bakken, And Some New Energy Bankruptcy Data

SeekingAlpha



Morning Market Movers

Benzinga



New Enforcement Policies For Reg SHO And Fair Market Making Requirement

Benzinga



EURO BONDS-Scottish & Southern, Volkswagen, BAA, Unicredit, BPE

Reuters



PRESS DIGEST - Business Press - March 17

Reuters


































 











Trending


Worst Performing Tech Stocks: AMZN, AMD, MU, WDC


Jim Cramer Nails Starbucks' Big Decline, Warns Again of Downside to $50


U.S. Steel Shares Are Being Torched, Thanks to One Stock Analyst


Intel Is Well-Positioned for Growth as Long as AMD Doesn't Get In the Way


Better Entry Point for Amazon Investors Is Coming Soon











Advertising Partners



 






 






 






 


























 

























 







































 


©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved.Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc.




Compare Brokers



 







 







 







 







 







 




































Facebook Autocomplete Demo









Post a Rating















              $
              



            12-Month Price Target
            



              $
              









140






 






















 




HOME
 TRENDING
SIGN UP
LOG IN






















Analyst Ranking





 

                    Name
                  

                    Measured Ratings
                  

                    Sucess Rate
                  

                    Avg Return
                  





                      1.
                    
Mizuho
15


                        73%
                    


                        20.57
                          %
                      




                      2.
                    
Credit Suisse
16


                        75%
                    


                        10.49
                          %
                      




                      3.
                    
Jefferies
26


                        58%
                    


                        7.91
                          %
                      




                      4.
                    
Cantor Fitzgerald
11


                        82%
                    


                        8.50
                          %
                      




                      5.
                    
Bank of America Merrill Lynch
15


                        67%
                    


                        7.85
                          %
                      




                      6.
                    
JMP Securities
20


                        65%
                    


                        4.62
                          %
                      




                      7.
                    
Goldman Sachs
21


                        67%
                    


                        3.28
                          %
                      




                      8.
                    
Raymond James
13


                        77%
                    


                        2.89
                          %
                      




                      9.
                    
FBR Capital Markets
21


                        57%
                    


                        2.45
                          %
                      




                      10.
                    
William Blair
24


                        54%
                    


                        2.32
                          %
                      



















      Judge Clears Seventy Seven Energy to Leave Bankruptcy    - WSJ
    





































































































 




Dow Jones, a News Corp companyNews Corp is a network of leading companies in the worlds of diversified media, news, education, and information servicesDow JonesBarron'sBigChartsDJXDow Jones NewswiresFactivaFinancial NewsMansion GlobalMarketWatchNewsPlusPrivate MarketsRisk & ComplianceWSJ ConferenceWSJ ProWSJ VideoWSJ.comNews CorpBig DecisionsBusiness SpectatorCheckout51Harper CollinsNew York PostPropTigerREArealtor.comStoryfulThe AustralianThe SunThe TimesSubscribe NowSign InThe Wall Street JournalSearchSearch→
 

 

















                      Insurers Relieved as ‘Skinny’ Health Bill Fails but Warn of Rising Rates, Exits From Exchanges
                    











                        Capital Journal
                      

                      Republicans Search for Answers; Can They Find Any Across the Aisle?
                    











                      ‘Skinny’ Repeal of Obamacare Fails in Senate
                    











                      North Korea Fires Test-Missile Capable of Reaching U.S. Shores
                    











                      U.S. Economy Glides Back to Steady, Modest Growth Path
                    











                      Germany Confronts the Forgotten Story of Its Other Genocide
                    











                      FDA Seeks to Reduce Nicotine in Cigarettes to Nonaddictive Levels
                    











                        Tax Report
                      

                      Bad News If You Make $150,000 to $300,000: Higher Taxes for Many
                    











                      Police Face a New, Lethal Danger: Touching Fentanyl
                    











                      Pakistan Prime Minister Removed From Office Over Panama Papers Case
                    











                      Big Oil Posts Healthy Profits
                    











                      Scaramucci Erupts Over Priebus and Leakers
                    











                      Colin Kaepernick Is NFL’s Biggest Offseason Puzzle
                    











                        The A-hed
                      

                      Another Problem With America: Our Skinny Pigs Make Lousy Bacon
                    









 



 






 

































        Small
      




        Medium
      




        Large
      








Save Article
Sign In to Save
Subscribe to WSJ









 











                    Bankruptcy
                




Judge Clears Seventy Seven Energy to Leave Bankruptcy   
Reorganization plan would allow bondholders to take over most of the ownership of the company   

 






By

Katy Stech


Katy Stech
The Wall Street Journal
BiographyKaty Stech
@KatyStech
katy.stech@wsj.com




  July 13, 2016 2:38 p.m. ET





Oil-field-services provider Seventy Seven Energy Inc. is preparing to get out of bankruptcy after a judge agreed to approve a reorganization plan that would give the Oklahoma company access to up to $100 million in a new borrowing deal. Judge Laurie Selber Silverstein of the U.S. Bankruptcy Court in Wilmington, Del., said in court Wednesday that she would give Seventy Seven Energy permission to put its reorganization plan into action. The plan would allow bondholders owed $1.1 billion to take over most of the ownership in...
  


    To Read the Full Story
  


      Subscribe
    

      Sign In
    



 












 






Most Popular Videos









John McCain Casts Deciding Vote to Defeat Health Bill









Sen. Graham: The 'Skinny' Bill Is a Disaster









Dan Neil Drives VW's Atlas









Who and What Is Covered by Medicaid?









How Luxury Home Builders Build for Themselves






Most Popular Articles








Bad News If You Make $150,000 to $300,000: Higher Taxes for Many








Opinion: Trump Is Woody Allen Without the Humor








Scaramucci Erupts Over Priebus and Leakers








Japan Slaps 50% Tariff on Some U.S. Beef








Stop Saying Tom Brady Is Old!





 





 







              Popular on WSJ
            








Most Popular Videos









John McCain Casts Deciding Vote to Defeat Health Bill









Sen. Graham: The 'Skinny' Bill Is a Disaster









Dan Neil Drives VW's Atlas









Who and What Is Covered by Medicaid?









How Luxury Home Builders Build for Themselves






Most Popular Articles








Bad News If You Make $150,000 to $300,000: Higher Taxes for Many








Opinion: Trump Is Woody Allen Without the Humor








Scaramucci Erupts Over Priebus and Leakers








Japan Slaps 50% Tariff on Some U.S. Beef








Stop Saying Tom Brady Is Old!





 








 
















   
     
       
     
   

  
    
      
    
  

  
    
      
    
  

  
    
      
    
  


  
    
    
      
    
    
      Save Article
      Sign In to Save
      Subscribe to WSJ
    
  

   
     
       
     
   
   
     
       
     
   




  
  
    
      
  
    
      Text Size
  
      
      
        

        Small
      
  
      
      
        

        Medium
      
  
      
      
        

        Large
      
    
  
  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
    
      
        
          
            
              
          
            Print
          
        
      
          
            
              
          
            Facebook
          
        
        
          
            
              
          
            Twitter
          
        
        
          
            
              
          
            WhatsApp
          
        
  
        
          
            
              
          
            SMS
          
        
  
  
        
          
            
              
          
            Copy Link
          
        
  
      
  
      
        
    
  
    
  
  
  


 















 



Affiliates | Seventy Seven Energy






































































Affiliates









Drill Faster. Safer. Smarter.
Nomac Drilling provides premium drilling services for oil and natural gas operators throughout the most active onshore U.S. oil and natural gas plays including the Anadarko and Permian basins and the Eagle Ford, Haynesville, Marcellus, Utica and Niobrara shales. Our all-electric fleet features AC electric drives, high spec top drives and 7,500 psi mud pumps. Almost all of our fleet is multi-well pad capable with the majority of such rigs utilizing state-of-the-art “walking” technologies.
Visit Nomac’s website at nomacdrilling.com.
 






Unlocking America’s Energy
Performance Technologies performs pressure-pumping services in Ohio, Oklahoma and Texas, with plans for future expansion into other areas. The company is headquartered in El Reno, Oklahoma.
Visit the Performance Technologies website at performancetech.com.






Innovation and efficiency
Great Plains Oilfield Rental supplies high-quality tools and services to the oil and natural gas industry, including:

Drill pipe
Drill collars
Frac tanks
Water transfer
Air drilling
Mud tanks/mud systems
Flow back

Visit the Great Plains Oilfield Rental website at gpor.com.

































 



About | Seventy Seven Energy






































































About






What Is Seventy Seven Energy?

On April 20, 2017, Seventy Seven Energy and its affiliate companies were acquired by Patterson-UTI Energy, Inc. SSE is a diversified oilfield services company that provides a wide range of wellsite services and equipment to U.S. land-based exploration and production (“E&P”) customers operating in unconventional resource plays. Through our umbrella of affiliates, we provide comprehensive upstream services, including drilling, pressure pumping and oilfield rental tools. Our operations are geographically diversified across many of the most active oil and natural gas plays in the onshore United States.
Our Affiliates

Great Plains Oilfield Rental
Nomac Drilling
Performance Technologies

Our Commitment
As a best-in-class oilfield services company, we are committed to our customers and their every need. Seventy Seven Energy delivers world-class technology, operational efficiency and proven industry experience to equip our customers with sustainable competitive advantage.






























 



Contact | Seventy Seven Energy





































































Contact






Partner with America’s premier oilfield service provider

Seventy Seven Energy welcomes inquiries from the media, business associates and others interested in our operations. To assist us in responding as quickly as possible, please direct your inquiry to the appropriate contact below:
Headquarters / Mailing Address
777 NW 63rd St.
Oklahoma City, OK 73116
405-608-7777
Recruiting Hotline 405-608-7447

Contact Us











Your Name (required)
 
Your Email (required)
 
Subject
 
Your Message
 































 



Employee Self Service (ESS) | Seventy Seven Energy






































































Employee Self Service (ESS)






For Employees with SSE Accounts

If you have already created your SSE Account, use the button below to log in to ESS.
 ESS Login

For Employees without SSE Accounts

Please check your personal email for an invitation from <noreply@okta.com> to create your SSE Account. If you have questions or issues with your SSE Account activation, please contact the 77 Service Desk.

To Contact the SSE Benefits Call Center

If you have not yet activated your SSE Account and have questions about your benefits, please contact the SSE Benefits Call Center at the phone number below.
1-866-225-3104
 

































 



About | Seventy Seven Energy






































































About






What Is Seventy Seven Energy?

On April 20, 2017, Seventy Seven Energy and its affiliate companies were acquired by Patterson-UTI Energy, Inc. SSE is a diversified oilfield services company that provides a wide range of wellsite services and equipment to U.S. land-based exploration and production (“E&P”) customers operating in unconventional resource plays. Through our umbrella of affiliates, we provide comprehensive upstream services, including drilling, pressure pumping and oilfield rental tools. Our operations are geographically diversified across many of the most active oil and natural gas plays in the onshore United States.
Our Affiliates

Great Plains Oilfield Rental
Nomac Drilling
Performance Technologies

Our Commitment
As a best-in-class oilfield services company, we are committed to our customers and their every need. Seventy Seven Energy delivers world-class technology, operational efficiency and proven industry experience to equip our customers with sustainable competitive advantage.






































Patterson-UTI Energy Inc. and Seventy Seven Energy to Merge - Oil & Gas 360









































































EnerCom, Inc.
The Oil & Gas Conference
EnerCom Dallas
Sponsors



 



Advertise on 360




Email Subscription













































  






Home
Industry News
360 Profiles
Event Calendar
Press Releases
Video



















Patterson-UTI Energy Inc. and Seventy Seven Energy to Merge


				in 360 Articles / Closing Bell Story / Mergers & Acquisitions / Oilfield Services     			by— Oil & Gas 360 


December 13, 2016 

Share 
Print 








Service Company Makes Big Push into Land Drilling High Spec Rigs and Pressure Pumping
Patterson-UTI Energy Inc. (ticker: PTEN) and Seventy Seven Energy Inc. (ticker: SVNT) today jointly announced that they have entered into a definitive merger agreement in which PTEN will buy SVNT through an all-stock transaction. Both companies build and operate high-spec rigs.
The combined company will be called Patterson-UTI, with 201 high-spec rigs and more than 1.5 million hydraulic fracturing horsepower available in the U.S. It is subject to customary regulatory approvals, stockholder approval of both companies and other customary closing conditions, and is expected to close late in the first quarter of 2017.
Andy Hendricks, Patterson-UTI’s CEO, said that Seventy Seven’s “contributions will allow us to further capitalize on the shifting industry fundamentals in the U.S. oil and gas market, where customers are increasingly-focused on efficiency and high-quality execution.” The company expects to achieve synergies in excess of $50 million through the merger.

Patterson-UTI provides contract drilling and pressure pumping services in North America through its fleet of 161 APEX® rigs. The company’s pressure pumping subsidiaries have more than one million fracturing horsepower in Texas and the Appalachian region of the northeast United States.
Seventy Seven Energy provides contract drilling, pressure pumping, and oilfield rentals for oil and natural gas plays onshore in the United States.  The company has a fleet of 40 high-spec drilling rigs, 93% of which are pad capable, including 28 PeakeRigs™, as well as 51 SCR rigs.  The company also owns 500,000 horsepower of fracturing equipment located in the Anadarko Basin and Eagle Ford Shale.
This merger will add a new product line to Patterson-UTI through Seventy Seven Energy’s oilfield rentals business. The rentals business has a fleet of rental tools and provides specialized services for land-based oil and natural gas drilling, completion and workover activities.

The presentation associated with the proposed merger is available here.
 
 
 Facebook LinkedIn Twitter Google+ Reddit Email
Related posts:
Enbridge Becomes Largest North American Energy Infrastructure Company with $28 Billion Spectra Energy Acquisition 
Rice Energy Makes a $2.7 Billion Acquisition in the Dry Marcellus 




						Analyst Commentary						


						From Seaport Global:

This acquisition keeps things simple, which we prefer. The acquisition bulks up PTEN in its core competencies of contract drilling and pressure pumping in a fairly clean transaction without numerous non-core product lines (the rental business is complementary).



From Wunderlich:

The deal makes good sense given both companies' focus on the drilling and pressure pumping segments of the OFS industry, especially following SVNT's restructuring as it allows PTEN to use equity to finance the deal.



From Stephens:

We found minimal customer overlap and the potential to broaden the combined Co.'s geographic exposure while maintaining a position within the more active markets (details below, following pages). Thus, through the expanded geographic and customer footprint within new company's combined drilling operations, along with a ~50% increase in total frac HP with leverage to resilient markets, and a new product line (rentals), we view the combined entity's projected integration and synergies as achievable with limited risk for customer dilution/cannibalization.						  






Tags: M&A, Patterson UTI merger, Rigs









Sign Up for Closing BellOur Free, End-of-Day Oil & Gas News Report








 

Important disclosures: The information provided herein is believed to be reliable; however, EnerCom, Inc. makes no representation or warranty as to its completeness or accuracy. EnerCom’s conclusions are based upon information gathered from sources deemed to be reliable. This note is not intended as an offer or solicitation for the purchase or sale of any security or financial instrument of any company mentioned in this note. This note was prepared for general circulation and does not provide investment recommendations specific to individual investors. All readers of the note must make their own investment decisions based upon their specific investment objectives and financial situation utilizing their own financial advisors as they deem necessary. Investors should consider a company’s entire financial and operational structure in making any investment decisions. Past performance of any company discussed in this note should not be taken as an indication or guarantee of future results. EnerCom is a multi-disciplined management consulting services firm that regularly intends to seek business, or currently may be undertaking business, with companies covered on Oil & Gas 360®, and thereby seeks to receive compensation from these companies for its services. In addition, EnerCom, or its principals or employees, may have an economic interest in any of these companies. As a result, readers of EnerCom’s Oil & Gas 360® should be aware that the firm may have a conflict of interest that could affect the objectivity of this note. EnerCom, or its principals or employees, may have an economic interest in any of the companies covered in this report or on Oil & Gas 360®. As a result, readers of EnerCom’s reports or Oil & Gas 360® should be aware that the firm may have a conflict of interest that could affect the objectivity of this report.
			




  

360 Articles by CategoryAnalysis
Arctic
Canada
Discoveries
Earnings
Finance
Fracing
International
M & A
Midstream
MLPs
Offshore
OIlfield Services
OPEC
Politics & Unrest
Regulatory
Post by Ticker, or if none, Show Recent Articles 
Recent 360 Articles 


EnerCom Posts Presenter Schedule of Technology Innovators at Oilfield Tech and Innovation DayJuly 27, 2017

Enhanced Completions Give Whiting 14% GrowthJuly 27, 2017

QEP Resources Adds $732 Million of New Permian AcreageJuly 27, 2017

Eco-Stim: A Cleaner Approach to Oilfield ServiceJuly 27, 2017

Oil Prices Rise as Crude Inventories Slide Below 2016 LevelsJuly 26, 2017

Anadarko Q2: Permian Growing, GOM Production will Maintain through 2019July 26, 2017



360 Profiles Blackbird Energy Core Laboratories International Frontier Resources Manitok Energy Nighthawk Energy PDC Energy PetroQuest Energy Range Resources Samson Oil & Gas Tamarack Valley Energy Whiting Petroleum WPX Energy Yuma Energy 
 
Chart of the Week

 

Effective Rig Count Breaks 2,000 for First Time in June

July 18, 2017
—
Comments are Disabled

Permian EERC pushes to 1,135 EnerCom released its monthly EnerCom Effective Rig Count today. The Effective Rig Count now reports an equivalent 2,015 rigs active in the U.S., up from 1954 last month. The Effective Rig Count adjusts reported rig counts for increasing efficiency in drilling and completions. There are significantly fewer rigs active in the U.S. today than in[Read More…]








 




 



Industry Calendar 
 

Contact Oil & Gas 360® c/o EnerCom, Inc.
800 18th Street
Suite 200
Denver, CO 80202

Bevo Beaven
Editor
303-296-8834
 

Advertise on OAG360 OAG360 has multiple advertising opportunities.  Reach your investors/buyers by advertising on the website, eMail campaigns, webcasts and videos. 


Learn More
 

Twitter 
 

 

 
 


		
				Copyright © 2017 — Oil & Gas 360®. All Rights Reserved. 
				 About 360 | Advertise | Subscribe | Contact | From the Experts at EnerCom, Inc.












iRecruitment Visitor Home PageAccessibilityJob BasketHomeJobsJavaScript enabled browser required.Welcome to the career site for Patterson-UTI Drilling Company, Patterson-UTI Management Services, Universal Pressure Pumping, Warrior Rig Technologies and Great Plains Oilfield Rental.New Jobs (Last 7 days)Conduct an Advanced SearchPost Your ResumeField MaintenanceFracturing and Well CompletionRig BasedShopsTruckingOffice and ProfessionalRig ConstructionJob SearchTIP To select multiple values, hold down the Control key and click on the selected values.Want to find a job quickly? Choose one of the job categories or use the fields below to refine your search and click Search to begin. Choose the Advanced Search button to further refine your searchAdvanced SearchKeywordsexample: floors, driller, rig manager, equipment operator, mechanic
For exact phrase matching, use quotation marks.Date PostedSince YesterdayLast 3 DaysLast 5 DaysLast WeekLast 2 WeeksLast 30 DaysLast 60 DaysLast 100 DaysCity LocationBuckhannon, WV, USCleburne, TX, USDickinson, ND, USEighty Four, PA, USEl Reno, OK, USElmendorf, TX, USFruita, CO, USHouston, TX, USLemont Furnace, PA, USLouisville, OH, USMarshall, TX, USMidland, TX, USOdessa, TX, USOklahoma City, OK, USOld Washington, OH, USPearsall, TX, USPunxsutawney, PA, USSan Angelo, TX, USSpringtown, TX, USVictoria, TX, USSearchClearFor best results, register and apply using a computer with an Internet Explorer or Firefox browser. Technical difficulties may be encountered if a mobile phone or tablet is used to register. Application Process Step by Step Guide is available Here. If you are having difficulties with our job site, please review our FAQ Guide. If you continue to have issues, please email Site Technical Support and include details of your problem.LoginPlease register by clicking the appropriate Button below. Technical Requirements and Difficulties: •        For best results, register and apply using Internet Explorer or Firefox. •        You may not apply from a mobile device or tablet.  You must use a computer or laptop. •        You may access the FAQ Guide by clicking here. •        You may access a Step-by-Step Guide by clicking here. •        Do not attempt to register multiple times using different names, social security numbers, email addresses or dates of birth.  Doing so may result in delay in receiving an application, rejection of an application and rescission of an offer of employment.  If you have technical difficulties after your first attempt to register and you are not able to find solutions in the Step-by-Step Guide or FAQ Guide, contact irecruitsupport@patenergy.com.FORMER EMPLOYEES of Patterson-UTI and/or any of its subsidiaries who left employment after January 1, 2010, click the button below.Former EmployeesALL OTHER APPLICANTS who are new to this job site may register today by clicking the button below.Register TodayDEPENDENTS of current or former employees must email Site Technical Support for assistance in completing your registration. Already registered? Login belowEmailPasswordLoginTIP  Did you forget your password?Click the links below for the following:Manage My AccountConduct Job SearchView Job BasketView Jobs Applied for  Employing subsidiaries of Patterson-UTI Energy, Inc. (Patterson-UTI) are equal opportunity employers. Patterson-UTI does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, national origin, religion, gender, pregnancy, age, disability (physical or mental), marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity, veteran status, genetic information, or other factors protected by federal, state, or local law. All applications submitted via Patterson-UTI’s online process will expire after 90 days. To apply for new openings, please periodically visit the Careers website to review posted vacancies. Patterson-UTI is committed to maintaining a drug-free workplace. Following a conditional offer of employment, you may be required to successfully pass a drug and alcohol test. Refusal to take a drug and alcohol test or a positive test result will result in revocation of the conditional offer of employment.  For certain positions, a conditional offer of employment may also require you to successfully pass additional pre-hire testing to comply with DOT regulations and other job requirements.  Refusal to complete, or failure to successfully pass, pre-hire testing may result in revocation of the conditional offer of employment. Any offers of employment are subject to presentation of genuine documentation establishing your identity and verification of your legal right to work in the United States.HomeJobsAccessibilityJob BasketPrivacy StatementCopyright (c) 2006, Oracle. All rights reserved.



 






Investor Relations | Seventy Seven Energy Inc. | 





























  









Login



















Investors
















      Featured Release          






4/20/17 4:31 pm CDTPatterson-UTI Energy Completes Merger with Seventy Seven Energy
PATTERSON-UTI ENERGY, INC. (NASDAQ: PTEN) announced today that it has closed its merger with Seventy Seven Energy Inc.  Stockholders of Seventy Seven Energy are entitled to receive 1.7851 shares of newly issued Patterson-UTI common stock in exchange for each share of Seventy Seven Energy.  Patterson-UTI issued approximately 47.5 million shares pursuant to the merger. Concurrent with the closing of the merger, Patterson-UTI repaid all of the outstanding debt ofmore...


 
 



      Investor Presentation          






Investor Presentation



 
 

















Investors Menu

Investor Center HomePress ReleasesAnnual Reports & Proxy StatementsSEC FilingsPresentations 







      Investor Resources          

Registration
Login
Media Requests
Email Alerts
RSS Feeds
 






Search Investors




Search this site: 











Advanced Search 


 
 

















 




