

10-Q: SEVILLE VENTURES CORP - MarketWatch



























































Latest News










Dow

21,792
-4.48
-0.02%






Nasdaq

6,361
-21.09
-0.33%






S&P 500

2,469
-6.28
-0.25%









11:50 A.M. ET


                                  Wells Fargo: FDA plan to lower nicotine could be opportunity for Altria, Philip Morris
                                





 
11:49 A.M. ET


Updated
      Here’s one Trump fan who might make you some money
                                





 
11:48 A.M. ET


Updated
      What the solar eclipse on Aug. 21 will mean for stocks
                                





 
11:47 A.M. ET


Updated
      You’ll save money on gas with the Tesla Model 3, but you may end up paying more elsewhere
                                





 
11:47 A.M. ET


Updated
      Surprise: Those ‘great’ companies generally turn out to be meh ... or duds
                                





 
11:47 A.M. ET


Updated
      This quant pro and card counter says gambling can make you a better investor
                                





 
11:45 A.M. ET


Updated
      Watch out: ‘Kids’ are making the most money in this stock market 
                                





 
11:45 A.M. ET


Updated
      This basic balanced index fund is beating the hedge fund averages
                                





 
11:41 A.M. ET


                                  Aug. gold climbs by $8.70, or 0.7%, to $1,268.70/oz
                                





 
11:41 A.M. ET


                                  Gold prices trade near session highs after reports of missile test in North Korea
                                





 
11:40 A.M. ET


                                  Weekend roundup: Amazon’s spending | Surviving Amazon |  Caterpillar’s comeback
                                





 
11:37 A.M. ET


                                  Tesla’s Model 3 will be launched with panache--and a party--later Friday
                                





 
11:35 A.M. ET


                                  What we can learn about dealing with setbacks at work from the Obamacare repeal failure
                                





 
11:34 A.M. ET


Updated
      White House should tighten sanctions on North Korea, experts say
                                





 
11:27 A.M. ET


Updated
      What is an ICO?
                                





 
11:21 A.M. ET


                                  One way you’re paying credit-card fees, even if you don’t have a card
                                





 
11:18 A.M. ET


Updated
      Stock market edges lower, on track for weekly losses 
                                





 
11:17 A.M. ET


Updated
      Oil sets sights on biggest weekly gain of the year
                                





 
11:15 A.M. ET


Updated
      UPDATE: Invisalign maker Align stocks surge 8% after earnings blow past estimates
                                





 
11:11 A.M. ET


                                  Airbus to sell plant holdings to Motorola
                                





 








































Log In














Bulletin

Pentagon confirms detection of North Korea missile launch Friday


















Home






Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)




Get email alerts



         10-Q: SEVILLE VENTURES CORP
    








    By

Published: Sept 19, 2013 5:00 p.m. ET

Share






















































 



 















(EDGAR Online via COMTEX) -- MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION OR PLAN OF OPERATION  FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS  This Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (MD&A) contains forward-looking statements that involve known and unknown risks, significant uncertainties and other factors that may cause our actual results, levels of activity, performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements expressed, or implied, by those forward-looking statements. You can identify forward-looking statements by the use of the words may, will, should, could, expects, plans, anticipates, believes, estimates, predicts, intends, potential, proposed, or continue or the negative of those terms. These statements are only predictions. In evaluating these statements, you should consider various factors which may cause our actual results to differ materially from any forward-looking statements. Although we believe that the exceptions reflected in the forward-looking statements are reasonable, we cannot guarantee future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements. Therefore, actual results may differ materially and adversely from those expressed in any forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to revise or update publicly any forward-looking statements for any reason.  Company Overview  The Company was incorporated in the State of Nevada on February 14, 2011 and is currently headquartered in Byron, Illinois. Initially, we intend to provide specialized luxury vacation packages for those discriminating consumers looking for a unique experience. Our initial target market will be the country of Spain. However, as our company grows, we plan to offer luxury vacation packages throughout Europe. Through our first website currently accessible at www.MySpanishGetaway.com, travelers will be able to research, plan, and book seven different luxury vacations in different cities and/or regions throughout Spain, and each vacation will include round-trip first class airfare, 5-star accommodations, Michelin-starred restaurants, luxurious sightseeing tours or entertainment and other unique features. Initially, the features of the luxury vacations will be pre-selected by the Company, but our vacation packages will also be customizable, upon request, to meet the needs of the most discriminating traveler. The long-term goal of the Company is to establish itself as an internationally recognized provider of top-of-the-line luxury travel.  Within the growing travel industry, the Company will focus on the niche market of luxury travel, foremost in Spain and as the Company begins to expand, throughout Europe. Our intended clients will be individuals, couples and groups of moderate to high net worth, who travel for leisure at least once per year.  The Company will strive to gain a competitive advantage in the luxury vacation market by offering hand-selected, elite vacation packages to potential clients and by interacting one-on-one with these clients to assist them with various aspects of their vacations from the beginning planning stage through the completion of their trips. Further, the Company plans to cultivate this competitive edge by developing close relationships with airlines, hotels, restaurants, tour companies and other businesses whose products and services we intend to include in our vacation packages, in order to develop mutually beneficial relationships whereby the Company will feature these businesses in our luxury vacation packages in exchange for certain benefits, such as exclusive offers or deals that the Company can then offer to our potential clients. Above all, we will strive to ensure that clients are worry-free and fully satisfied before, during and after their trip. As of the date of this filing, we are in the development stage and are working to implement our business plan; accordingly, we have not acquired a client base.  Our sole officer and director has only recently become interested in creating a travel service company and does not have any professional training or technical credentials in the development of such a company or the development of an interactive website that offers such services. Nevertheless, Mr. Hall has prior experience in website design and management, and is committed to devote approximately 15 to 20 hours per week to the Company. He will be in charge of supervising development projects that we carry out including supervision of any consultants, marketing agents, employees or website developers that we may engage to assist in carrying out the Company's plan of operations.  We intend to retain qualified personnel on a contract basis to help us fine-tune the details of the luxury vacation packages that we intend to sell, to identify additional features to include in our packages, to help expand and maintain our current and future websites, to provide customer support to our future clients, to market our future products and services, and much more. To date, we do not have any verbal or written agreements regarding the retention of any qualified personnel to assist us with our business development activities.  Business Activities  Since inception, our business activities have consisted of the incorporation of our company in the State of Nevada, the organization of our business, and the development of our proposed business plan. We are a development stage company and have spent the majority of our time refining our business plan. We have identified and contacted several hotels, restaurants, airlines, tour companies and more that we intend to feature in our luxury vacation packages to discuss our proposed business plan and the costs associated with including their products and services in our proposed vacation packages. As of the date of this filing, we have not entered into any negotiations or contracts with these companies. During this early development stage, we have secured the domain name for our first website located at www.MySpanishGetaway.com, which we hope will eventually become a reputable name and a valuable resource to our future clients. As part of our growth strategy to offer luxury vacation packages throughout Europe, we have also secured multiple domain names for future websites that we intend to launch, including: www.MyEuropeanGetaway.com; www.MyItalianGetaway.com; www.MyBritishGetaway.com; and www.MyGreekGetaway.com. Eventually, we intend to have www.MyEuropeanGetaway.com be our main domain under which all other domains will be linked.  Plan of Operations  Product Launch and Website Development. The first step in realizing our business plan is to make our proposed vacations available for purchase through our website, www.MySpanishGetaway.com. Currently, our website is accessible online, however, our proposed vacations are not yet available for purchase online. We intend to contract a website developer to enhance our existing website to allow a potential client to choose a travel package, select different travel options or package features, compare options, interact with the Company and design a customized vacation. Additionally, the website developer will integrate an e-commerce platform into our website so that the Company is able to securely accept credit card payments, bank transfers, PayPal, and other online payments. The e-commerce platform will incorporate encryption and authentication technology to provide the security and authentication necessary to securely transmit confidential information over the Internet. Further, the website developer will build a highly structured back-end to our website to allow us to store details about clients and businesses that we intend to work with, analyze and organize information and data, optimize the performance of our website and more. The website developer that we intend to hire will not be retained to diagnose or correct any technical problems, delays or disruptions we may encounter with our current or future websites. Accordingly, we would need to consult outside technicians to correct any problems we may experience, which would cause the Company to incur additional costs. To date, the Company has not yet retained a website developer.  Sales Representative. Initially, our sole officer and director will be responsible for arranging the details involved in each vacation package, including booking airfare, reserving the luxury hotel suites and dinner reservations, arranging the tours and other entertainment, and preparing detailed itineraries. However, as the Company expands, the Company intends to hire a sales representative to perform these duties. The sales representative will also be responsible for actively establishing relationships with the airlines, hotels, restaurants, and other businesses whose products or services will be included in our vacation packages. Based on the feedback that we will receive from past clients who purchased our vacation packages, if we determine that the features of our vacation packages are not of the highest quality or to the full satisfaction of the clients, the sales representative will search for alternative products or services to include in our vacation packages. As of the date of this filing, we have not yet retained a sales representative. We intend to hire a sales representative who is bilingual in both English and Spanish to facilitate making travel arrangements in Spain, assist clients with any language barriers they may encounter in their travels and, if and when we expand our business, to better market our products and services to more diverse clients.  Marketing. We believe that we can build a trusted and recognizable brand through our luxury vacation packages and high quality services. After we begin to offer our vacation packages for sale online through our first website, we plan to hire a professional marketing firm to initiate and manage each objective of our marketing strategy as set forth herein and to advertise our brand throughout the United States and eventually overseas. Once we have initiated our marketing plan through a marketing firm, we believe that a substantial portion of our clients will be acquired through word-of-mouth. Raising awareness of our brand will be an ongoing process as we try to establish our company, expand our services and products, increase our clients and grow to new markets. As of the date of this filing, we have not yet retained a marketing firm to initiate our marketing strategy.  Customer Service Representative. Following the initiation of our marketing strategy, we intend to hire a customer service representative to assist clients with their travel needs before, during and after their vacation getaways. The customer service representative will provide services such as assisting clients with obtaining passports, travelers insurance policies from an established insurance company or other travel needs; mailing guidebooks and itineraries to clients before they depart; and providing detailed information regarding the places, hotels and restaurants that they will be visiting and more. Further, the customer service representative will be available to our clients during their vacations via a toll-free telephone number or via e-mail to assist clients with any problems that they may encounter, to make alternative arrangements if necessary, and generally assist the clients with what they may need or desire.  Ongoing Website Development and Maintenance. We plan to devote a significant portion of our resources, if any, to the continued development and maintenance of our current and future websites to ensure high levels of performance and advanced security. We further intend to devote a large portion of our resources to the development of advanced, interactive features on our current and future websites to improve the experience we offer to potential clients. We intend to employ an information technology team that will focus on the design and development of new features, maintenance of our website(s) and enhancement of our internal operational system.  Our goal is to allow our future clients to be able to search our website(s) for flights, hotels, restaurants and more based on their preferences, ratings, amenities, location, etc. and to easily customize their vacation packages through a user-friendly interface. We believe that as we make improvements in and advancements to our website(s), we will reduce our reliance on sales representatives to provide similar services. Additionally, we intend to further develop our website(s) to increase the interactivity between clients and the Company through live chat customer service and the creation of an online blog where potential and past clients can asks questions to the Company or other visitors to our websites, learn more about the Company, submit testimonials on their experiences with the Company, post reviews of the hotels, restaurants and tours that are included in our packages and more. Further, we intend to create a mobile website and a downloadable application for smartphones and tablets, to allow potential clients to view and purchase our products and services from their wireless mobile devices.  Expand Our Service and Product Portfolio. We believe that expanding our product and service offerings will be an important means of acquiring clients, as the diversity of our products and services will attract more clients to our current and future websites. We intend to expand our products and services as we begin to acquire a steady flow of clients by providing more options to clients regarding the hotels, restaurants, and activities that are available to them as part of their vacation packages. In anticipation of the launch of our future websites, we will seek new package features throughout Europe to include in our future vacation packages. We also plan to offer a variety of "themed" packages in Spain and throughout Europe including honeymoon, adventure, family, romantic and other themed packages. Further, we intend to add more features to include in our packages (for additional fees) such as rental cars, golf lessons, and spa treatments. We believe that giving clients more options will add that personal touch to each vacation package. At the same time, we will only expand our product and service offerings to include those businesses whose products and/or services we believe are of the highest quality.  Expand Our Targeted Clientele. Initially, our target clientele will be American individuals, couples and groups of moderate to high net worth, who travel for leisure at least once per year, and who are seeking the ultimate luxury vacation. As the Company grows, we will focus on expanding our targeted clientele to include travelers worldwide, while still maintaining our focus on people of moderate to high net worth seeking a luxury vacation package. If and when our clientele begins to expand, we will need to increase the number of sales and customer services representatives that we hire to assist additional clients with their travel arrangements.  Expand into New Geographic Markets. We will expand our business to new geographic markets outside of Spain, including Italy, Great Britain, Greece and throughout Europe, if the Company is able to generate profits from our current website located at www.MySpanishGetaway.com and the Company decides, in its sole discretion, that its current operations can support such expansion. To that end, we have secured the domain names for our anticipated future websites located at www.MyItalianGetaway.com, www.MyBritishGetaway.com, www.MyGreekGetaway.com, and www.MyEuropeanGetaway.com. We intend to have www.MyEuropeanGetaway.com be our main domain under which all other domains will be linked. The current structure that we have developed for www.MySpanishGetaway.com would be replicated for the other future websites.  Pursue Selective Strategic Partnerships and Acquisitions. In addition to growing our business organically, we may also pursue strategic acquisitions or partnerships in the United States or abroad with companies similar to us or with airlines, hotels, restaurants, or other businesses whose products and services we include or intend to include in our vacation packages. We believe that the benefit of entering into these relationships would be to complement our product and service offerings, establish and/or strengthen our presence in our targeted overseas markets, provide us with localized management abroad and give us access to clients, hotels, restaurants and other businesses that we may not otherwise reach. If we are able to further enhance our website and technological capabilities, we believe we will be able to successfully and cost-effectively integrate partners or new companies into our business.  RESULTS OF OPERATIONS:  Results of Operations  For the three months ended July 31, 2013, the Company incurred operating expenses of $23,965 compared with $8,500 for the three months ended July 31, 2012. The increase in operating expenses was attributed to an increase in general and administrative expense of $15,465 related to filing fees.  For the nine months ended July 31, 2013, the Company incurred operating expenses of $44,558 compared with $36,515 for the nine months ended July 31, 2012. The increase in operating expenses was attributed to an increase in general and administrative expenses of $15,243 related to filing fees for XBRL.  During the nine month period ended July 31, 2013, the Company incurred a net loss of $46,054 compared with $37,457 for the nine month period ended July 31, 2012. In addition to operating expenses, the Company incurred $1,496 in interest expense for the nine month period ended July 31, 2013 compared to $942 for the nine month period ended July 31, 2012 relating to the $20,000 note payable which is unsecured, due interest at 10% per annum, and due on demand.  Liquidity and Capital Resources  As at July 31, 2013, the Company had cash and assets of $10,976 compared with $44,046 as at October 31, 2012. The decrease in cash and total assets were attributed to the Company's use of cash proceeds during the period as the Company did not raise any new proceeds from financing during the period ended July 31, 2013.  As at July 31, 2013, the Company had total liabilities of $93,901 compared with $80,917 as at October 31, 2012. The increase in total liabilities was attributed to an increase of accounts payable and accrued liabilities of $8,184 and an increase of $4,800 in amounts due to related parties due to lack of sufficient cash flow to repay outstanding general and administrative costs and professional fees.  Cashflow from Operating Activities  During the nine months ended July 31, 2013, the Company used $33,070 of cash for operating activities compared with $12,175 for the period ended July 31, 2012.  Cash from Investing Activities  From February 14, 2011 (date of inception) to July 31, 2013, the Company did not have any investing activities.  Cash from Financing Activities  During the nine months ended July 31, 2013, the Company did not have any financing activities compared to proceeds of $10,000 from the issuance of a note payable during the nine months ended July 31, 2012.  Critical Accounting Policies  Our financial statements and accompanying notes have been prepared in accordance with United States generally accepted accounting principles applied on a consistent basis. The preparation of financial statements in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting periods.  We regularly evaluate the accounting policies and estimates that we use to prepare our financial statements. A complete summary of these policies is included in the Notes to our audited financial statements. In general, management's estimates are based on historical experience, on information from third party professionals, and on various other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the facts and circumstances. Actual results could differ from those estimates made by management.  Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements  The Company has implemented all new accounting pronouncements that are in effect. These pronouncements did not have any material impact on the financial statements unless otherwise disclosed, and the Company does not believe that there are any other new accounting pronouncements that have been issued that might have a material impact on its financial position or results of operations.  ITEM 3.  Sep 19, 2013  (c) 1995-2013 Cybernet Data Systems, Inc. All Rights Reserved 


More from MarketWatch









More Coverage


Kellyanne Conway suggests Hillary Clinton’s language is more vulgar than Anthony Scaramucci’s


U.S. GDP speeds up to 2.6% in 2nd quarter


A case for buying the freakin’ dip with Amazon, as the Mooch might now say















Most Popular





The dark side of cruises





Coca-Cola to replace Coke Zero in U.S.





Dow ends at record, but tech slump weighs on S&P 500, Nasdaq





If you can buy only one stock or ETF, make it this one





How to Fix Wall Street, and Bankers' Pay




MarketWatch Partner Center




















 








            We Want to
            Hear from You


Join the conversation
Comment
















Sponsored Headlines













Advanced Search







Stocks



Columns


Authors


Topics







No results found







































 



















SVLE Key Data - Seville Ventures Corp | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO»SVLESeville Ventures Corp  |  Grey MarketSVLE is defunct. Latest
















 





MarketWatch.com Topics

























X

Tweet
 

Share this bulletin

Get news bulletins by email

Bulletin

Pentagon confirms detection of North Korea missile launch Friday »
        




Investor Alert







New York Markets Close in:



Market Snapshot
Winners and Losers


















Topics







		Istanbul



			Brexit




		Guns







		Millennials




		Immigration



			Apple

/conga/topics/main.html
369880



Subjects in the news



U.S. Economy


U.S. Politics


Earnings


Sales


Aerospace


Ice




Markets


Production


Iraq


Russia


Oil


United Kingdom




Europe


European Markets


London Markets


Health Care


Income


Insurance






People in the news



Jones, Edward


Trump, Donald


Woods, Tiger


Buffett, Warren


Putnam, George


Clinton, Bill




Obama, Barack


Putin, Vladimir


Tillerson, Rex


Washington, George


Ryan, James


Walker, David




West, David


Williams, James


Gray, John


Clooney, George


Cruise, Tom


Jolie, Angelina






Companies in the news



Northrop Grumman Corp.


International Data Group


New York Mercantile Exchange


American International Group


Health Care Insurance


Miners




Metal Exchange


Target Corp.


United National


Performance


News Corp.


Jones




Oppenheimer


International Industries


Transport Service


Capital One Financial


Apple Inc.


eBay Inc.






Organizations in the news



American Petroleum Institute


European Union


OPEC


Education Department


Transportation Department


European Central Bank




Federal Reserve Bank of New York


Congress


Public Service Commission


Securities and Exchange Commission


Baseball


Nasdaq Stock Market




Consumers Union


World Bank


Council on Foreign Relations


Security Council


Senate


Boston College












Browse topics:


A


B


C


D


E


F


G


H


I


J


K


L


M


N


O


P


Q


R


S


T


U


V


W


X


Y


Z


0-9





















Log In




11:50 AM EDT
July 28, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Open


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
11:50aWells Fargo: FDA plan to lower nicotine could be opportunity for Altria, Philip Morris
11:49aHere’s one Trump fan who might make you some money
11:49aWhat the solar eclipse on Aug. 21 will mean for stocks
11:48aYou’ll save money on gas with the Tesla Model 3, but you may end up paying more elsewhere
11:47aSurprise: Those ‘great’ companies generally turn out to be meh ... or duds
11:47aThis quant pro and card counter says gambling can make you a better investor
11:45aWatch out: ‘Kids’ are making the most money in this stock market 
11:45aThis basic balanced index fund is beating the hedge fund averages
11:42aGold prices trade near session highs after reports of missile test in North Korea
11:42aAug. gold climbs by $8.70, or 0.7%, to $1,268.70/oz
11:40aWeekend roundup: Amazon’s spending | Surviving Amazon |  Caterpillar’s comeback
11:37aTesla’s Model 3 will be launched with panache--and a party--later Friday
11:35aWhat we can learn about dealing with setbacks at work from the Obamacare repeal failure
11:35aWhite House should tighten sanctions on North Korea, experts say
11:27aWhat is an ICO?
11:22aOne way you’re paying credit-card fees, even if you don’t have a card
11:18aStock market edges lower, on track for weekly losses 
11:18aOil sets sights on biggest weekly gain of the year
11:16aUPDATE: Invisalign maker Align stocks surge 8% after earnings blow past estimates
11:12aAirbus to sell plant holdings to Motorola
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,791.97

-4.58
-0.02%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,361.08

-21.11
-0.33%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,469.15

-6.27
-0.25%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15

















































  0205169D Stock Quote - Seville Ventures Corp - Bloomberg Markets                     



     Error: Could not add to watchlist. X   + Watchlist  Seville Ventures Corp   0205169D:US      Ticker Change   0205169D:US has changed to a new ticker symbol   USD             Volume   0                  


                Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal.
            

                Learn More
            

         Volume   0    Current P/E Ratio (TTM)   -    Earnings per Share (USD) (TTM)   -    Market Cap (USD)   -    Shares Outstanding   -    Price/Sales (TTM)   -    Dividend Indicated Gross Yield   -                Related Videos  There are currently no related videos for this ticker. Please check back later.    Company News Press Releases   There are currently no news stories for this ticker. Please check back later.    There are currently no press releases for this ticker. Please check back later.      Profile   Seville Ventures Corp. is a development stage company. The Company intends to provide specialized luxury vacation packages with an initial target market of Spain and throughout all of Europe. Through its website, client s will be able to research, plan, and book different luxury vacations in different cities and/or regions throughout Spain.    Address  5481 North River RoadByron, IL 61010United States   Phone  1-847-599-6000   Website   www.myspanishgetaway.com     Executives Board Members    Juan Badillo  President/CFO     Show More         
  SVLE Stock Quote - Seville Ventures Corp - Bloomberg Markets                     



     Error: Could not add to watchlist. X   + Watchlist  Seville Ventures Corp   SVLE:US      Ticker Delisted     USD             Volume   0                  


                Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal.
            

                Learn More
            

         Volume   0    Current P/E Ratio (TTM)   -    Earnings per Share (USD) (TTM)   0.00    Market Cap (USD)   -    Shares Outstanding  (m)   11.286    Price/Sales (TTM)   -    Dividend Indicated Gross Yield   -                Related Videos  There are currently no related videos for this ticker. Please check back later.    Company News Press Releases   There are currently no news stories for this ticker. Please check back later.    There are currently no press releases for this ticker. Please check back later.      Profile   Seville Ventures Corp. is a development stage company. The Company intends to provide specialized luxury vacation packages with an initial target market of Spain and throughout all of Europe. Through its website, client s will be able to research, plan, and book different luxury vacations in different cities and/or regions throughout Spain.    Address  5481 North River RoadByron, IL 61010United States   Phone  1-847-599-6000   Website   www.myspanishgetaway.com     Executives Board Members    Juan Badillo  President/CFO     Show More          



Seville Ventures Corp. Employee Discounts, Employee Benefits, Employee Perks, Employee Discount Program - Corporate Shopping

















Exclusive Offers. Elite Brands. Easy Shopping.



GO 




FOLLOW US: 


login








Seville Ventures Corp.


Enjoy Private Employee Discounts, Exclusive Pricing and Friends & Family Sales.

























- REAL RECENT OFFERS -





Special employee pricing, everyday discounts,
		private offers, Friends & Family, and more!



You're in good company! All Seville Ventures Corp. employees are eligible for unbeatable deals at over 250 of the world's best retailers.
Lifetime registration is 100% free to all employees.

FIRST NAME:LAST NAME:EMAIL:CREATE PASSWORD:RE-TYPE PASSWORD:*ALTERNATE EMAIL:Instant Access!
We absolutely respect email privacy. Privacy Policy










Top Companies Eligible For Employee Discounts

ADP, Inc.
Advanced Auto
AIG
Albertsons
Ally Financial Inc.
American Family Insurance Company
Arby's
AT&T Corporation
Avaya Inc.
Amazon.com, Inc.
Amgen Inc.
Apple Inc.
Avis Budget Group, Inc.
3M Company
Abbott Laboratories
Advanced Micro Devices, Inc.
Aecom Technology Corporation
Agilent Technologies, Inc.
American International Group, Inc.
AOL Inc.
Ashland Inc.
Assurant, Inc.
Autoliv, Inc.
Avery Dennison Corporation
Avon Products, Inc.
Barclays Group US, Inc.
Bechtel Corporation
Best Buy
Big Lots Stores, Inc.
Booz Allen Hamilton Inc.
Burger King Corporation
Bed Bath & Beyond Inc.
Ball Corporation
Barnes & Noble, Inc.
Baxter International Inc.
BB&T Corporation
Becton, Dickinson and Company
Bemis Company, Inc.
Berkshire Hathaway Inc.
BorgWarner Inc.
Boston Scientific Corporation
Bristol-Myers Squibb Company
Caesars Entertainment
Cargill, Incorporated
Charles Schwab & Co., Inc.
US Department of Justice
Chevron Inc
ConocoPhillips Company
Coventry Health Care Inc.
Cox Enterprises, Inc.
McGraw-Hill
Crown Holdings, Inc.
Charter Communications, Inc.
Cognizant Technology Solutions 
Costco Wholesale Corporation
Cablevision Systems Corporation
Cameron International Corporation
Capital One Financial Corporation
CBRE Group, Inc.
CenturyLink, Inc.
Chubb Corporation
Computer Sciences Corporation
ConAgra Foods, Inc.
Con-way Inc.
Corning Incorporated
CSX Corporation
Cummins Inc.
Delaware North Companies, Inc.
Domino's Pizza 
Dunkin' Donuts 
Olive Garden
Chili's Grill & Bar 
DISH Network Corporation
Dollar Tree, Inc.
Dana Holding Corporation
Danaher Corporation
DaVita HealthCare Partners Inc.
Dean Foods Company
Deutsche Bank USA
US Department of Veterans Affairs
Dillards, Inc.
Dole Food Company, Inc
Dollar General Corporation
Dover Corporation
Dow Chemical Company
Duke Energy Corporation
EmblemHealth, Inc.
Emerson Electric 
Marriott International
Enterprise Rent-A-Car Company
Ernst & Young LLP
Colgate Palmolive
eBay Inc.
Express Scripts
Ecolab Inc.
Eli Lilly and Company
EMC Corporation
EMCOR Group, Inc.
Estee Lauder Companies, Inc.
Exelon Corporation
Exxon Mobil Corporation
First Data Corporation
Facebook, Inc.
Fifth Third Bancorp
Frontier Communications Corporation
Family Dollar Stores, Inc.
Fidelity National Financial, Inc.
Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.
FirstEnergy Corporation
Fluor Corporation
Foot Locker, Inc.
Ford Motor Company
Alcoa
Subway
Gamestop Corporation
Gannett Co.
General Electric 
General Mills, Inc.
General Motors Company
Genworth Financial Inc
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.
Google Inc.
Halliburton
HCR ManorCare, Inc.
HCSC Group
Health Care Service Corporation
Health Management Associates, Inc.
Health Net, Inc.
Hess Energy Inc.
Highmark Inc.
HSBC Bank USA
Hy-Vee, Inc.
Henry Schein, Inc.
H.J. Heinz Company
Hartford Financial Services Group
Hewlett-Packard Company
Hillshire Brands Company
Home Depot, Inc. 
Honeywell International Inc.
Hormel Foods Corporation
Huntington Ingalls Industries
Independence Blue Cross, Inc.
Instagram, Inc.
International Paper 
Intel Corporation
Illinois Tool Works Inc.
Ingram Micro Inc.
International Business Machines


Jabil Circuit
Jefferies & Company
John Deere
Johnson & Johnson Inc.
J.C. Penney Company
Jacobs Engineering Group Inc.
Jarden Corporation
Johnson Controls, Inc.
Kaiser Foundation Hospitals, Inc.
KFC 
Kiewit Corporation
Kimberly Clark Worldwide Inc.
PwC
Koch Industries, Inc.
Kroger Foods, Inc.
KBR, Inc.
Kellogg Company
Kindred Healthcare, Inc.
Kohls Corporation
Kelly Services, Inc.
Kraft Foods Group, Inc.
Laboratory Corporation of America
Liberty Interactive
Liberty Mutual Insurance
Liberty Global, Inc.
L-3 Communications
Las Vegas Sands Corp.
Lazard
LinkedIn Corporation
Loews Corporation
Mars, Incorporated
MASCO, Inc.
McKinsey & Company
Medtronic USA Inc.
Meijer, Inc.
Mattel, Inc.
Micron Technology, Inc.
Microsoft Corporation
Mondelez International, Inc.
ManpowerGroup
Marathon Petroleum Corporation
Marsh & McLennan Companies
Masco Corporation
McDonalds Corporation
Medtronic, Inc.
Merck & Company
Mohawk Industries, Inc.
Monsanto Company
Murphy Oil Corporation
National Oilwell Varco, L.P.
Nationwide
NBC Universal
New York Life Insurance Co.
News Corporation
Northern Trust Corporation
NCR Corporation
Nike, Inc.
Nordstrom, Inc.
Norfolk Southern Corporation
Nucor Corporation
Omnicom Group
OSI Restaurant Partners, LLC
Outback Steakhouse
Office Depot, Inc.
Officemax Incorporated
Omnicare, Inc.
Owens-Illinois, Inc.
Pinterest
Piper Jaffray & Co.
Pitney Bowes Inc.
Pizza Hut
PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP
Progressive Casualty Insurance Company
Publix Super Markets
Parker-Hannifin Corporation
Pepsico, Inc.
Pfizer, Inc.
PNC Financial Services Group, Inc.
PPG Industries, Inc.
Praxair, Inc.
Prudential Financial
Dairy Queen
PACCAR Inc.
PetSmart, Inc
QUALCOMM Incorporated
Quest Diagnostics Incorporated
R.R. Donnelley & Sons Company
Ralph Lauren Corporation
Raytheon Company
Red Lobster
Regions Financial Corporation
Rite Aid
Rockwell Automation, Inc.
Ross Stores, Inc.
Ryder System, Inc.
Safeway Inc.
SAIC Inc
Samsung International, Inc.
Sanmina, Inc.
Sealed Air Corporation
Sears Holdings Corporation
Sempra Energy
Sherwin-Williams Company 
Smithfield Foods, Inc.
Sodexo, Inc.
Southern Company
Southwest Airlines Company
St. Jude Medical, Inc.
Stanley Black & Decker, Inc.
Starbucks 
Starwood Hotels & Resorts 
State Street Corporation
Stryker Corporation
SunTrust Banks, Inc.
SuperValu Inc.
Symantec Corporation
Taco Bell 
TD Bank, N.A.
Tenet Healthcare Corporation
Tenneco Inc.
Terex Corporation
Texas Instruments Incorporated
Textron Inc.
US Department of Homeland Security
Goodyear Tire & Rubber Company
US Department of the Treasury
US Department of Agriculture
United States Department of Defense
The Shaw Group Inc.
The Timken Corporation
Travelers Companies, Inc.
Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc
Time Warner Cable
TJX Companies, Inc.
TravelCenters of America 
Twitter, Inc.
Tyson Foods
U.S. Bancorp
Union Pacific Corporation
United Airlines, Inc
United Continental Holdings
United Parcel Service
United States Steel Corporation
United Technologies Corporation
Universal Health Services, Inc.
Unum
URS Corporation
US Airways Inc.


Valero Energy Corporation
Vanguard Health Systems, Inc.
Verizon Communications
Viacom Inc.
Visteon Corporation
W.W. Grainger, Inc.
Walgreen Co.
Walt Disney Company 
Waste Management, Inc.
WellPoint Inc.
Wells Fargo & Company
Wendys 
Weyerhaeuser Company
Whirlpool 
Whole Foods Market, Inc.
Wynn Resorts
Xerox 
Yahoo
YRC Worldwide, Inc.
Yum Brands
Arizona State University
kijian.com
retailcodes.com
McKesson
Bank of America
Citibank
J.P. Morgan Chase & Co.	
Apple
CVS Caremark
IBM
Citigroup
Cardinal Health
UnitedHealth Group
Procter & Gamble
Archer Daniels Midland
AmerisourceBergen
Boeing
Walmart Stores
Target
MetLife
Caterpillar
State Farm Insurance
Comcast
Dell
UPS
Intel
Lowe's
Coca-Cola
Lockheed Martin
Cisco Systems
FedEx
Sysco
CHS
Dupont
Humana
Hess
Oracle
Delta Airlines
Aetna
American Express
Allstate
Morgan Stanley
General Dynamics
Phillip Morris
Mass Mutual
Cigna
Baker Hughes
Aramark
Darden Restaurants
Gap
Lear
Western Digital
3M
Community Health Systems
AMR
American Airlines
Northrop Grumman
State of New York
Fairfax County Public Schools
Los Angeles Unified School District
Houston Independent School District
Hawaii Department of Education
Dallas Independent School District
Montgomery County Public Schools
Credit Suisse
Verizon Wireless
UPS
Sprint
Motorola
O'Reilly Automotive
Interpublic Group
Jones Financial
Freeport McMoRan
HCA Healthcare
Fidelity Investments
 UnitedHealthcare
Highmark Blue Cross Blue Shield
Regence BlueCross BlueShield
CareFirst BlueCross BlueShield
State of Texas
UBS
mywalmart.com
Pennsylvania State University
Ohio State University
University of Minnesota
University of Texas at Austin
Ashford University
University of Central Florida
Texas A&M University
University of Florida
Michigan State University
State University of New York
City University of New York
California State University
University of California
Miami Dade College
Indiana University
New York City Department of Education
New York City Public Schools
City of Chicago School District 29
Dade County School District
Broward County School District
Clark County School District
Philadelphia City School Disctrict
Hillsborough County School District
Detroit City School District
Palm Beach County School District
Orange County School District
San Diego City Unified School Disctrict
Prince Georges County Public Schools
Duval County School District
State of California
City of New York
City of Los Angeles
City of Chicago
City of Houston
City of Philadelphia
City of San Antonio
City of San Diego
City of Dallas
City of San Francisco
City of Charlotte
City of Fort Worth
City of Detroit
State Government Employees
Apple EPP
GE





Top Employee Discounts

123 Inkjets
1800Baskets.com
1800Flowers.com
1800Mattress
7 for All Mankind
Advance Auto Parts
Amazon.com
American Eagle Outfitters
Angie's List
Ann Taylor
Ann Taylor Loft
Apple Store
Art.com
Ashford.com
Avis
Banana Republic
Bare Necessities
Barnes & Noble.com
Best Buy
Best Western
Bloomingdales
Blue Nile
Bluefly.com
Bobbi Brown
Brooks Brothers Corporate Membership
Victoria's Secret
Budget-Rent-A-Car
BuyCostumes.com
Calvin Klein 
CheapTickets.com
Choice Hotels®
Uber
Clarins
Clinique
Crate & Barrel
Vegas.com
Orlando Employee Discounts
Crocs.com
Darphin
Experian
Dell Home Systems
UGG
DIRECTV
Drugstore.com
eBags.com
Eddie Bauer
Enterprise Rent-a-Car
Estée Lauder
Expedia.com
Express
Fairmont Hotels
Fandango
Finish Line
Footlocker.com
FragranceNet.com
FTD.com
Gap.com
GNC Vitamins
GoDaddy.com
Godiva
Golf Smith
Groupon
Harry & David
Hertz
Sprint Discount Program
Holiday Inn Express
Holiday Inn® Hotels
Home Depot
Hotels.com
Ice.com
InterContinental® Hotels Group
J. Crew
J. Jill
JC Penney
Kate Spade
Kiehls
Kipling
Kohls.com
La Quinta Inns & Suites
Lancome


Lands' End
Levis
LifeLock Identify Theft
Lord & Taylor
Lowes
Lucky Brand Jeans
Macys
Magazines.com
Marriott Hotels
MLB.com Shop
Modells
Molton Brown
Moosejaw
Motel 6®
Nautica
NBA Store
Saks Fifth Avenue OFF 5TH
Newegg
New York Times
NFL Shop
Nike Store
Nine West
Nordstrom
North Face
Office Depot
Old Navy
Orbitz
Origins
Philosophy
ProFlowers.com
Puma.com
Ralph Lauren
Red Envelope
REI
Restaurant.com
Saks Fifth Avenue
Sears
Sephora.com
Shari's Berries
Sheraton Hotels & Resorts
ShoeBuy.com
ShoeMall.com
Shoes.com
Sierra Trading Post
Snapfish
Solstice Sunglasses
Starbucks
Target
The Childrens Place
The Sports Authority
Tickets Now
TigerDirect.com
Timberland
Tory Burch
Travelocity
TurboTax
Under Armour
Verizon Wireless
Walmart.com
Weight Watchers
Westin Hotels
teleflora
Spanx
Starwood Hotels & Resorts
Club Monaco
Kenneth Cole
HotelStorm
Neiman Marcus Last Call
Rite Aid
Ticket Monster
Pier 1 Imports
Zipcar
Cox Communications
L.L.Bean
Kmart
Walgreens
Staples
T-Mobile
Sprint
Shutterfly


Tiny Prints
Coach
StubHub
hockeymonkey
Eve's Addiction
Pottery Barn
Rag & Bone
iTunes
Asos
Omaha Steaks
SeaWorld Parks
Samsung
Hilton Hotels & Resorts®
Geico
Evite
MICROSOFT HOME USE PROGRAM
Booking.com
Lacoste
Dockers
Cole Haan
CB2
Quicken Loans
Design Within Reach
Hyatt Hotels
Forever 21
West Elm
Liberty Mutual Insurance
CheapOair.com
T.J. Maxx
ESET
HP EMPLOYEE PURCHASE PROGRAM 
buybuy BABY
Old Pueblo Traders
Diesel
Talbots
Bed Bath & Beyond®
Sperry Top-Sider
Toms
Jo Malone
UNIQLO
39DollarGlasses.com
Gilt.com
HalloweenCostumes.com
Ticketmaster
Woot
Esurance
American Apparel
Williams-Sonoma
Verizon Broadband Services
La Mer
nomorerack.com
Carolee
PBteen
Pottery Barn Kids
Verizon Wireless Ford Employees
Verizon Wireless NYU Medical Center Employees
J.Crew Factory
DraftKings
Cars.com
Michael Kors
Billabong
QVC
Dell Member Purchase Program
DISH
American Express® Gift Cards
AccorHotels
LendingTree.com
GE Appliances Warehouse
W Hotels Worldwide
Embassy Suites by Hilton™
InterContinental® Hotels & Resorts
Hilton Garden Inn
Fairfield Inn & Suites® Marriott
Beaches® Resorts 
Atlantis Paradise Island Resort
Sandals Resorts International
Via
Parallels
U.S. Bank











Seville Ventures Corp SWOT Analysis - Strengths, Weaknesses, Opportunities, Threats of Seville Ventures Corp



















































			Currency : $
		


$







contact
sitemap
















ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ0123456789

 








Categories



A


B


C


D


E


F


G


H


I


J


K


L


M


N


O


P


Q


R


S


T


U


V


W


X


Y


Z


0


1


2


3


4


5


6


7


8


9













>
S>Seville Ventures Corp SWOT Analysis - Strengths, Weaknesses, Opportunities, Threats of Seville Ventures Corp
			











Seville Ventures Corp SWOT Analysis - Strengths, Weaknesses, Opportunities, Threats of Seville Ventures Corp

This SWOT Analysis of Seville Ventures Corp provides a full SWOT analysis of the company's businesses and operations. The profile shows a comprehensive view of the company's key strengths and weaknesses and the potential opportunities and threats.
More details












Reference: 
SWT10096823



Quantity:




				This product is not sold individually. You must select at least 1 quantity for this product.
			


Availability:







Warning: Last items in stock!



























Share on Facebook


	Remove this product from my favorites


	Add this product to my favorites
 Print












Data sheet









Seville Ventures Corp SWOT Analysis OverviewCategories: strategic management, risk analysis, market analysisTag: SWOT analysis, company history, corporate strategyDescription: The company faces a growth potential.This SWOT Analysis of Seville Ventures Corp provides a strategic report of businesses and operations of the company. The SWOT analysis shows strengths, weaknesses, opportunities and threats. This SWOT analysis of Seville Ventures Corp can provide a competitive advantage.This analysis contains 927 data points.Last update: July 2017.SWOT - Strengths-barriers of market entry-existing distribution and sales networks-high profitability and revenue SWOT - Weaknesses-future profitability-future market size SWOT - Opportunities-global markets-new acquisitions-growing economy SWOT - Threats-government regulations-rising cost of raw materials Business TrendsProfitabilityOutlookMarketThe industry shows a growth rate of about 2%.Industry specific SWOT analysis (Relevance/Importance)What happens in the underlying industry? Factors and trends affecting the overall industry and their implications for this business:Strengths-The industry provides future trends. (33%, 42%)-The market size is adequate. (21%, 11%)-This is a global industry. (29%, 46%)-We see low barriers of market entry. (32%, 20%) Weaknesses-Profitability could be higher in this industry. (56%, 56%)-There migth be too less suppliers. (49%, 41%)-There migth be a lack of strategic relationships. (33%, 35%) Opportunities-The market changes fast. (16%, 18%)-The industry faces a recovery. (15%, 59%)-Global markets are available. (49%, 19%) Threats-Automation is an unknown factor for this industry. (58%, 35%)-Industry faces government regulations. (31%, 24%)-The industry sees new market entrants. (12%, 24%) A SWOT Analysis provides a comprehensive insight into the history of the company, corporate strategy, business and financial structure, management and operations. The report contains a detailed SWOT analysis on products and services, key competitors, as well as detailed financial information.Data on this page may have come in part, or entirely, from one or more data providers. Please contact us for further information. We are not responsible for any errors or omissions on this page. This website is for information purposes only. This is a sample report.Comparable companies and industriesSee a list of comparable companies or industries depending on the similarity of SWOT elements. We use weighted SWOT factors and a clustering technique to identify similar objects.LITHEX RESOURCES LIMITED SWOT AnalysisSamlip General Foods Co Ltd SWOT AnalysisCato Corporation (The) SWOT AnalysisGenkyotex SWOT AnalysisLPKF Laser Electronics AG SWOT Analysis







Top 5 SWOT Analysis Search AppleMicrosoftFacebookChina MobileYahoo Compliance Compliance is necessary to make sure that any business or action conducted by a company is within legal parameters. The compliance unit develops, initiates, maintains, and revises policies and procedures for the general operation of the compliance program and its related activities to prevent illegal, unethical, or improper conduct. Financial and strategic SWOT analysis A financial and strategic SWOT (strengths, weaknesses, opportunities and threats) Analysis provides a comprehensive insight into the company’s history, corporate strategy, financial data, business structure, business divisions and key operations. Each report contains a detailed SWOT analysis with additional information on the key competitors, market structure, major products, brands and services, as well as detailed financial data for the last 5 years. Due Diligence Due diligence is the process of systematically researching and verifying the accuracy of a financial statement, business or investment. SWOT Analysis – Advantages and Limitations Over the past decade, SWOT analysis has been extended beyond companies to products, organizations, countries and industries. Each professional business plan contains a SWOT analysis. What are the benefits and limitations? Advantages  You can use a SWOT analysis to summarize a complex situation. It is easy to understand and has little or no cost. Quantitative and qualitative information from different sources can be combined. Focus on the key internal and external factors affecting the organization. It is easy to perform and understand. It can be used fast.    Limitations  There is no weight or prioritization of factors. A SWOT analysis contains of a list of factors without further descriptions or links between factors. The analysis does not provide any solutions. It is only a description. 







 Free information
 Worldwide Coverage
 Free Listings
 Free Access
 Easy and Secure





Categories




A


B


C


D


E


F


G


H


I


J


K


L


M


N


O


P


Q


R


S


T


U


V


W


X


Y


Z


0


1


2


3


4


5


6


7


8


9









Information

Specials New products
Top sellers Contact us
Legal Notice and Privacy Policy
Terms and conditions of use
About us
Sitemap





My account


My orders
My credit slips
My addresses
My personal info


				My favorite products
	


Sign out




Follow us

Facebook Twitter 





This site uses cookies so that we can improve your experience on our sites. You can read about cookie privacy policy by clicking on this link: Privacy Policy



Copyright © 2017 Weiner Consulting. All Rights Reserved. The content of this website is for informational purposes only.
Advisor4u | 
Advisor4u Jobmarket |
Advisor4u Companies |
Advisorgate Industries |
Businessplaninternational | 
Businessplaninternational Digital 
Businessplaninternational SWOT |
Businessplaninternational Datacenter |
Businessplaninternational Freelance | 
Businessplaninternational Marketplace | 
Businessplangate 
Businessplangate Companies |
Livingplace4u College |
Livingplace4u Jobs | 
Propertyplace4u |
Productplace4u |
Advisorgate |
Advisorgate Reports 
Advisorgate BPlans |
Advisorgate Financials |
Advisorgate Competition |
SWOTAnalysis24 |
SWOTData |
Advisorgate SWOT

















SEVILLE VENTURES CORP IPO - NASDAQ.com

































































Hot Topics:
ETFs |
Smart Portfolio |
Currencies |
Online Broker Center















Search






















Home > 
    Markets > 
    IPOs  > 
    Company IPO Overview





SEVILLE VENTURES CORP IPO




Overview




News Headlines




Financials & Filings




Experts















Key Data
Use of Proceeds
Competitors




Company Overview


Company Name
SEVILLE VENTURES CORP


Company Address
5481 NORTH RIVER RD.BYRON, IL 61010


Company Phone
847-599-6000


Company Website
www.MySpanishGetaway.com


CEO
Kevin Hall


Employees  (as of 8/20/2012) 
1


State of Inc
NV


Fiscal Year End
10/31


Status
Filed (3/2/2012)


Proposed Symbol
 -- 


Exchange
OTCBB


Share Price
$0.07


Shares Offered
3,500,000


Offer Amount
$245,000.00


Total Expenses
$45,028.08


Shares Over Alloted
 -- 


Shareholder Shares Offered
 -- 


Shares Outstanding
 -- 


Lockup Period (days)
180


Lockup Expiration
 -- 


Quiet Period Expiration
 -- 


CIK
0001527424




This Offering is being made without the involvement of underwriters or 
broker-dealers. This means we will receive $245,000 if all of the shares 
of Common Stock offered hereunder are purchased. However, we cannot 
guarantee that we will sell any or all of the shares being offered by 
us.  The table below estimates our use of proceeds for our first year 
of operations, given the varying levels of success of the Offering.  

Shares     Gross                                    Total Net
Offered    Offering   Approximate Offering          Offering 
(% Sold)   Proceeds   Expenses(1)                   Proceeds   Principal Uses of Net Proceeds

700,000    $49,000    SEC Filings         $ 1,000   $4,000     Website Development      $ 4,000
shares                Transfer Agent      $ 1,000              Website Maintenance      $     0
(20%)                 Misc.Expenses       $ 3,000              Marketing                $     0
                      Legal & Accounting  $40,000              Sales Representatives    $     0
                                                               Customer Service 
                                                               Representatives          $     0
                                                               Working Capital (2)      $     0

    TOTAL                                 $45,000                  TOTAL                $ 4,000

1,225,000   $85,750   SEC Filings         $ 1,000   $40,750    Website Development      $ 4,500
shares                Transfer Agent      $ 1,000              Website Maintenance      $ 4,000
(35%)                 Misc. Expenses      $ 3,000              Marketing                $ 6,000
                      Legal & Accounting  $40,000              Sales Representatives    $17,500
                                                               Customer Service 
                                                               Representatives          $     0
                                                               Working Capital (2)      $ 8,750

                         TOTAL            $45,000                                       $40,750

1,750,000  $122,500   SEC Filings         $ 1,000   $77,500    Website Development      $ 5,000
shares                Transfer Agent      $ 1,000              Website Maintenance      $ 8,000
(50%)                 Misc. Expenses      $ 3,000              Marketing                $12,000
                      Legal & Accounting  $40,000              Sales Representatives    $35,000
                                                               Customer Service 
                                                               Representatives          $     0
                                                               Working Capital (2)      $17,500

                         TOTAL            $45,000                                       $77,500

2,625,000   $183,750  SEC Filings         $ 1,000   $138,750   Website Development      $10,000
shares                Transfer Agent      $ 1,000              Website Maintenance      $18,000
(75%)                 Misc. Expenses      $ 3,000              Marketing                $24,000
                      Legal & Accounting  $40,000              Sales Representatives    $35,000
                                                               Customer Service 
                                                               Representatives          $15,000
                                                               Working Capital (2)      $36,750

                          TOTAL           $45,000                  TOTAL               $138,750

3,500,000   $245,000  SEC Filings         $ 1,000   $200,000   Website Development      $16,000
shares                Transfer Agent      $ 1,000              Website Maintenance      $24,000 
(100%)                Misc. Expenses      $ 3,000              Marketing                $28,000
                      Legal & Accounting  $40,000              Sales Representatives    $35,000
                                                               Customer Service 
                                                               Representatives          $30,000
                                                               Working Capital (2)      $67,000
 
                         TOTAL            $45,000                 TOTAL                $200,000

(1)   Offering expenses have been rounded to $45,000 and have been partially 
paid from initial loans from World Rider Ltd.  On June 15, 2011, World Rider 
Ltd. loaned $10,000 to the Company and in exchange, the Company issued to 
World Rider Ltd. a $10,000 Promissory Note that is unsecured, bears interest 
at 10% per annum and is due on demand.  On May 22, 2012, World Rider Ltd. 
loaned another $10,000 to the Company and in exchange, the Company issued 
to World Rider Ltd. a $10,000 Promissory Note that is unsecured, bears 
interest at 10% per annum and is due on demand.  The funds received from 
World Rider Ltd. have been used to pay a portion of our offering expenses.  
The receipt and repayment of such funds to World Rider Ltd. will not affect 
the use of our net proceeds from the Offering as these funds have already 
been accounted for in the offering expenses and allocation of gross proceeds.  
If we sell 18% or more of our shares under the Offering, we will repay our 
offering expenses of $45,000, which includes repaying World Rider Ltd.  If 
we sell 18% or less of our shares under the Offering, we will not have 
sufficient proceeds to cover repaying our offering expenses or repaying 
World Rider Ltd. and we will have to pay the remainder of such expenses out 
of additional financing we have not yet received and which may not be 
available to us on acceptable terms, if at all. 

(2) General Working Capital may include, but are not limited to, postage, 
telephone services, overnight delivery services, legal fees, accounting 
fees, costs to become a publicly reporting company and other general and 
miscellaneous operating expenses. Any line item amounts not expended 
completely shall be held in reserve as working capital and subject to 
reallocation to other line item expenditures as required for ongoing 
operations. 

If 100% of the offered shares are sold, we will receive the maximum proceeds 
of $200,000, after offering expenses have been paid.  We believe that these 
proceeds will fund our plan of operations for up to twelve months.  If we are 
able to raise the maximum proceeds from this Offering, we intend to devote up 
to $16,000 towards the further development of our first website, dedicate 
$24,000 to the development, maintenance and advancement of our current and 
future websites, $28,000 towards the marketing of our products and services 
and $67,000 to working capital.  Additionally, if we raise the maximum amount 
of proceeds, we intend to hire one full-time sales representative as well as 
one full-time customer service representative for our first year of operations 
at salaries of $35,000 and $30,000, respectively. 

If 75% of the offered shares are sold we will receive $138,750, after offering 
expenses have been paid. We believe that these proceeds will fund our plan of 
operations for up to nine months.  In this instance, we will still focus on 
development of our first website, to which we will devote $10,000, however, 
we will have to cut our marketing budget to $24,000 and website development 
and maintenance budget for our current and future websites to $18,000. We 
estimate that we will allocate up to $36,750 to working capital in this 
instance and will hire one full-time sales representative and one part-time 
customer service representative for our first year of operations at salaries 
of $35,000 and $15,000, respectively. 

If 50% of the offered shares are sold we will receive $77,500, after offering 
expenses have been paid.  We believe that these proceeds will fund our plan 
of operations for up to six months.  In this instance, we will allocate 
$5,000 towards the development of our first website, $8,000 towards the 
development and maintenance of our current and future websites, $12,000 
towards the marketing of the Company and our products, and $17,500 towards 
working capital.  Further, we intend to hire one full-time sales 
representative for our first year of operations at a salary of $35,000, 
but would not be able to hire a customer service representative. 

If 35% of the offered shares are sold we will receive $40,750, after offering 
expenses have been paid.  We believe that these proceeds will fund our plan 
of operations for up to four months.  In this instance, we will allocate 
$4,500 towards the development of our first website, $4,000 towards the 
development and maintenance of our current and future websites, $6,000 
towards the marketing of the Company and our products, and $8,750 towards 
working capital.  Further, we intend to hire one part-time sales 
representative for our first year of operations at a salary of $17,500, 
but would not be able to hire a customer service representative. 

If we sell 20% or less of our shares under the Offering, we will only 
receive $4,000 after offering expenses have been paid.   We believe that 
these proceeds will fund our plan of operations for up to three months.  
In this instance, we will allocate all $4,000 to the development of our 
first website, however, we will have to seek out additional capital from 
alternate sources to execute our business plan. If such funds are not 
available to us, our business will likely fail and any investment would 
be lost. 

The funds from this Offering will not be used to pay Mr. Hall for his 
services to the Company, whether provided prior to, during, or subsequent 
to the Offering. There can be no assurance that the Company will raise any 
funds through this Offering and if a limited amount of funds are raised, 
the Company will use such funds according to their best judgment in 
accordance with the use of proceeds chart. This discretion is not 
unlimited and any such change in the use of proceeds as discussed above 
would be restricted to a proportionate reduction in funds allocated to 
each specific item listed, and would not differ materially from the use 
of proceeds chart above. 

If we are unable to generate the maximum amount of funds under this 
Offering to finance our plan of operations for twelve months, we will 
seek additional funding from management, the issuance of equity or debt 
or through obtaining a credit facility.  We do not currently have any
arrangements for obtaining additional financing and there is no assurance 
that any additional financing will be available or, if available, on terms 
that will be acceptable to us.  We will seek such funds from friends, 
family, and business acquaintances; however, we have not received any 
firm commitments or indications of interest from our friends, family 
members, or business acquaintances regarding potential investments in 
our Company and cannot predict when such funding may be available to 
us.


The travel and tourism industry is increasingly and intensely competitive, 
with low barriers to entry.  We will compete with both established and 
emerging online and traditional travel companies, internet travel sites 
and established travel agents with respect to each of the services we 
offer, e.g. flights, hotels, etc.  Further, we will compete directly with 
airlines, hotels, restaurants and other businesses that market and sell their 
products and services through their own websites and may offer products and 
services on more favorable terms, including lower prices, fewer fees or 
unique access to proprietary loyalty programs, such as points and miles, 
which could make their products and services more attractive to consumers 
than ours.  Due to the online nature of our business, we will compete 
domestically in the United States and internationally, particularly in 
Spain and throughout Europe. 

Further, many of our competitors have longer operating histories, greater 
name recognition, significantly greater financial, technical, marketing and 
other resources, larger client bases and more experience in the tourism 
industry than we do.  As a result, these competitors may engage in more 
extensive business development efforts, undertake farther-reaching 
marketing campaigns, and adopt more aggressive pricing policies than us. 
These factors may allow our competitors to generate greater revenues with 
fewer costs, respond more quickly to new or emerging trends and changes in 
client requirements, or achieve greater market acceptance of their services 
and products than we can.  Competition could also result in reduced traffic 
to our current and future websites and a loss of market share.  We cannot 
assure you that we will be able to successfully compete in this industry.   

Additionally, more travelers are booking their own trips using the internet 
and eliminating the “travel agent”. However, we believe that travel companies 
can be competitive in the industry by providing increased value to travelers 
through exceptional service. We believe that travel companies who demonstrate 
that they can consistently provide extra value for their clients are more 
likely to receive repeat and referral business to maintain and increase 
their business revenues.  We believe that our competitive strengths will 
be our niche in luxury travel and the exceptionally high level of service 
that we intend to offer. We feel that these factors will be highly valued 
by our targeted clientele and cannot be discounted, reduced or otherwise 
cheapened.


Company Description
Seville Ventures Corp. (the “Company”) was incorporated in the State of 
Nevada on February 14, 2011 and is currently headquartered in Byron, 
Illinois. Initially, we intend to provide specialized luxury vacation 
packages for those discriminating consumers looking for a unique experience. 
Our


 initial target market will be the country of Spain. However, as our 
company grows, we plan to offer luxury vacation packages throughout Europe. 
Through our first website currently accessible at www.MySpanishGetaway.com , 
travelers will be able to research, plan, and book seven different luxury 
vacations in different cities and/or regions throughout Spain, and each 
vacation will include round-trip first class airfare, 5-star accommodations, 
Michelin-starred restaurants, luxurious sightseeing tours or entertainment 
and other unique features. Initially, the features of the luxury vacations 
will be pre-selected by the Company, but our vacation packages will also be 
customizable, upon request, to meet the needs of the most discriminating 
traveler. The long-term goal of the Company is to establish itself as an 
internationally recognized provider of top-of-the-line luxury travel. 

Within the growing travel industry, the Company will focus on the niche 
market of luxury travel, foremost in Spain and as the Company begins to 
expand, throughout Europe.  Our intended clients will be individuals, 
couples and groups of moderate to high net worth, who travel for leisure 
at least once per year.  We will initially target American travelers, but 
as we expand we will target a broader range of travelers outside of the 
United States.  Seeking the ultimate luxury travel experience, our target 
clients will demand the finest quality travel and lodging accommodations, 
entertainment and other luxury features accompanied by a superior level of 
service. The Company seeks to distinguish itself in the luxury travel market 
and to be recognized for its exceptional service, professionalism, 
comprehensiveness, and client satisfaction. 

The Company will strive to gain a competitive advantage in the luxury 
vacation market by offering hand-selected, elite vacation packages to 
potential clients and by interacting one-on-one with these clients to 
assist them with various aspects of their vacations from the beginning 
planning stage through the completion of their trips.  Further, the Company 
plans to cultivate this competitive edge by developing close relationships 
with airlines, hotels, restaurants, tour companies and other businesses whose 
products and services we intend to include in our vacation packages, in order 
to develop mutually beneficial relationships whereby the Company will feature 
these businesses in our luxury vacation packages in exchange for certain 
benefits, such as exclusive offers or deals that the Company can then offer
to our potential clients.  Above all, we will strive to ensure that clients 
are worry-free and fully satisfied before, during and after their trip.  As 
of the date of this filing, we are in the development stage and are working 
to implement our business plan; accordingly we have not acquired a client 
base. 

--------

Our corporate headquarters is located at 5481 North River Road, Byron, 
IL, 61010. Telephone number : (847) 599-6000. Our current website is located at
www.MySpanishGetaway.com.


Full Description

The IPO profiles may contain historical records. Please visit the latest IPOs for the most recent information.




Company Financials



Revenue
 -- 


Net Income
-$37,457


Total Assets
$2,771






Total Liabilities
$72,663


Stockholders' Equity
-$69,892




Company Filings

                                    Viewing: 1 - 6 Total: 6
					            



Company Name
Form Type
Date Received
View



SEVILLE VENTURES CORP
424B3
11/1/2012
Filing



SEVILLE VENTURES CORP
424B3
8/20/2012
Filing



SEVILLE VENTURES CORP
S-1/A
8/7/2012
Filing



SEVILLE VENTURES CORP
S-1/A
6/14/2012
Filing



SEVILLE VENTURES CORP
S-1/A
5/25/2012
Filing



SEVILLE VENTURES CORP
S-1
3/2/2012
Filing







Experts


Auditor
Sadler, Gibb & Associates, LLC


Company Counsel
Carrillo Huettel, LLP


Transfer Agent
Action Stock Transfer


Underwriter
Self-underwritten






                                There are no news stories for this IPO at this time.
                            












Today's Market Activity





NASDAQ

6361.03


-21.16
 ▼ 
0.33%





DJIA

21791.02


-5.53
 ▼ 
0.03%





S&P 500

2469.13


-6.29
 ▼ 
0.25%










Data as of Jul 28, 2017 | 11:50AM


Try for Free: NASDAQ LiveQuotes Platform



View All















Latest News Headlines




                            Gatx Corporation Announces Quarterly Dividend
                        



	                    11:42AM ET  - GlobeNewswire
	                




                            Rockwell Collins shares jump as results beat forecast
                        



	                    11:36AM ET  - Reuters
	                




                            AIR FRANCE - KLM : Availability of the 2017 First Half financial report
                        



	                    11:35AM ET  - GlobeNewswire
	                




                            US STOCKS-Wall St dragged lower by Amazon, tobacco stocks
                        



	                    11:33AM ET  - Reuters
	                





View All Latest Headlines

















Upcoming Earnings



Company
Expected Report Date




AAPL
Jul 25, 2017


ODFL
Jul 27, 2017


FB
Jul 26, 2017


TSLA
Aug 2, 2017


T
Jul 20, 2017


AMZN
Jul 27, 2017


VZ
Jul 27, 2017


GE
Jul 21, 2017





Earnings Calendar


























CLOSEX

Edit Favorites

Enter up to 25 symbols separated by commas or spaces in the text box below. These symbols will be available during your session for use on applicable pages.






Update

Clear List







CLOSEX
Customize your NASDAQ.com experience
Background Color Selector

Select the background color of your choice:





 Black
							





 Slate Gray
							






 Light Gray
							





 Gray Blue
							






Quote Search

Select a default target page for your quote search:



						 Real-Time

						 After Hours

						 Pre-Market
 News
					


						 Flash Quote

						 Summary Quote

						 Interactive Charts

						 Default Setting




					Please note that once you make your selection, it will apply to all future visits to NASDAQ.com.
					If, at any time, you are interested in reverting to our default settings, please select Default Setting above.
					
					If you have any questions or encounter any issues in changing your default settings, please email isfeedback@nasdaq.com.
				





CLOSEX
Please confirm your selection:

					You have selected to change your default setting for the Quote Search. This will now be your default target page;
					unless you change your configuration again, or you delete your
					cookies. Are you sure you want to change your settings?


YES
NO













CLOSEX


Please disable your ad blocker (or update your settings to ensure that javascript and cookies are enabled), so that we can continue to provide you with the first-rate market news and data you've come to expect from us.





CLOSEX

















































Seville Ventures Corp (SVLED) Market Data & News - Equities.com






















































BREAKING NEWS


Previous


Next






                  ​Time for Convertible Securities?                





                  ​Working with 9 Types of Global Influencers                





                  Automation in Forex Trading: Good or Bad?                





                  Real Estate Crowdfunding: When Things Go Badly                





                  ​EU Yields Are in Bizarro World                











US/Global
Canada
















Companies




Log in






Login to your account










Log in




  			Remember Me  		

Forgot your password?

Forgot your username?

























Register



















































Seville Ventures Corp
(SVLED)


 Follow






x close



                            By  |
                            












Profile
Seville Ventures Corp is a development stage company.
Contact Information


Main Phone:
+1 847 599-6000


Address:
5480 North River Road


State:
IL


City / Town:
Byron


Country:
USA


Postal Code:
61010


Issuer Information


Exchange:
 OTO 


CEO:
Juan Badillo


Employees:
1



NAICS:
Offices of Other











                                                    
                                                    (%)
                        



 Company data no longer available 




Last Price
											N/A										

Change $
											N/A										

Change %
											N/A										

Tick
											N/A
										



Bid
											N/A										

Bid Size
											N/A										

Ask
											N/A										

Ask Size
											N/A										



Open
											N/A										

High
											N/A										

Low
											N/A										

Prev Close
											N/A										



Last Trade


Volume
											0										

52 Wk Hi
											N/A										

52 Wk Low
											N/A										



Market Cap
											N/A										

Ex-Div Date
																							N/A
																					

Div Rate
											N/A										

Yield
											N/A										



Shares
											677,144,400.00										

EPS (TTM)
											N/A										

PE Ratio
											N/A										

Exchange
											OTCPK										




















×
You must log in first


I'm sorry, but in order to complete what you're trying to do, you must be logged in.


Take me to log in
Don't have an account?
I'm good for now




 
  
 







Corporate SitePremium ProductsAdvertisingRSS Feeds




AboutContactSite MapTestimonials




Privacy PolicyTerms and ConditionsDisclaimerConference











© 2017 Equities
* All dates and time are being displayed in Eastern Standard Time (EST).






 



























































Seville Ventures Corp (SVLE) Market Data & News - Equities.com






















































BREAKING NEWS


Previous


Next






                  ​Time for Convertible Securities?                





                  ​Working with 9 Types of Global Influencers                





                  Automation in Forex Trading: Good or Bad?                





                  Real Estate Crowdfunding: When Things Go Badly                





                  ​EU Yields Are in Bizarro World                











US/Global
Canada
















Companies




Log in






Login to your account










Log in




  			Remember Me  		

Forgot your password?

Forgot your username?

























Register



















































Seville Ventures Corp
(SVLE)


 Follow






x close



                            By  |
                            












Profile
Seville Ventures Corp is a development stage company.
Contact Information


Main Phone:
+1 847 599-6000


Address:
5480 North River Road


State:
IL


City / Town:
Byron


Country:
USA


Postal Code:
61010


Issuer Information


Exchange:
 OTO 


CEO:
Juan Badillo


Employees:
1



NAICS:
Offices of Other











                                                    
                                                    (%)
                        



 Company data no longer available 




Last Price
											N/A										

Change $
											N/A										

Change %
											N/A										

Tick
											N/A
										



Bid
											N/A										

Bid Size
											N/A										

Ask
											N/A										

Ask Size
											N/A										



Open
											N/A										

High
											N/A										

Low
											N/A										

Prev Close
											N/A										



Last Trade


Volume
											0										

52 Wk Hi
											N/A										

52 Wk Low
											N/A										



Market Cap
											N/A										

Ex-Div Date
																							N/A
																					

Div Rate
											N/A										

Yield
											N/A										



Shares
											677,144,400.00										

EPS (TTM)
											0.00										

PE Ratio
											N/A										

Exchange
											CV EM										




Filings







Form Type
Form Description
Pages
Date




NT 10-Q


					Notification that form 10-Q will be submitted late				

2
2014-09-12


8-K


					Report of unscheduled material events or corporate changes.				

4
2014-08-04


10-Q/A


					Amendment to a previously filed 10-Q				

4
2014-06-25


10-Q


					Quarterly report with a continuing view of a company's financial position				

19
2014-06-23


NT 10-Q


					Notification that form 10-Q will be submitted late				

3
2014-06-16


10-Q


					Quarterly report with a continuing view of a company's financial position				

19
2014-05-21


10-K


					Annual report with a comprehensive overview of the company				

38
2014-02-21


NTN 10K


					Request for an extension of time for filing				

2
2014-01-31


10-Q


					Quarterly report with a continuing view of a company's financial position				

19
2013-09-19


NT 10-Q


					Notification that form 10-Q will be submitted late				

2
2013-09-13























×
You must log in first


I'm sorry, but in order to complete what you're trying to do, you must be logged in.


Take me to log in
Don't have an account?
I'm good for now




 
  
 







Corporate SitePremium ProductsAdvertisingRSS Feeds




AboutContactSite MapTestimonials




Privacy PolicyTerms and ConditionsDisclaimerConference











© 2017 Equities
* All dates and time are being displayed in Eastern Standard Time (EST).






 















































