 









Twilight Breaking Dawn: Bella and Edward Deleted Sex Scene - 2013 - YouTube 


 
  









































































 
 

 
Skip navigation
  
 

 
Sign inSearch

 





Loading...
    






 


Close

 


 

 Yeah, keep it
Undo
Close
 




              This video is unavailable.

    







Watch QueueQueueWatch QueueQueue 
Remove allDisconnect







The next video is startingstop 


Loading...
    

 



 

Watch Queue
    
Queue

__count__/__total__
    









 









































 


 

Find out whyClose






    Twilight Breaking Dawn: Bella and Edward Deleted Sex Scene - 2013
  



 










Master Affiliate













Loading...
    







        Unsubscribe from Master Affiliate?
      


Cancel
Unsubscribe










        Working...
    










SubscribeSubscribedUnsubscribe3.1K 











Loading...
    









Loading...
    













        Working...
    












 
Add to

Want to watch this again later?

      Sign in to add this video to a playlist.
    
Sign in


Share

 More
 


Report


Need to report the video?

      Sign in to report inappropriate content.
    
Sign in




Add translations

4,933,697 views







5,712

Like this video?

      Sign in to make your opinion count.
    
Sign in



5,713


1,545

Don't like this video?

      Sign in to make your opinion count.
    
Sign in



1,546

























                Get it on YouTube

                

You can watch this full-length movie on YouTube.
 



               The Twilight Saga: Breaking Dawn Part 1
              


                
              Romance · 2011 · PG-13
            


Watch from $2.99




In the highly anticipated fourth installment of The Twilight Saga, a marriage, honeymoon and the birth of a child bring unforeseen and shocking developments for Bella (Stewart) and Edward (Pattinson) and those they love, including new complications with werewolf Jacob Black (Lautner).




                          Actors:
                        

                          Kristen Stewart, Robert Pattinson, Taylor Lautner
                        



                          Director:
                        

                          Bill Condon
                        
















Loading...
    










Loading...
    








Loading...
    





Rating is available when the video has been rented.




      This feature is not available right now. Please try again later.
    




Published on Feb 2, 2013http://church-of-illumination.com/twi...^^^^^Everyone leave a hate comment on this article^^^^^ 



      Category
    

People & Blogs




      License
    

Standard YouTube License




      Movie
    

The Twilight Saga: Breaking Dawn Part 1




 Show more
Show less






Loading...
    















Autoplay


When autoplay is enabled, a suggested video will automatically play next. 

 


        Up next
      






    Coming Out On Top Dating Donovan （Sex and Good Ending ）【NSFW】
  

     - Duration: 36:21.
  
wolftooth
1,921 viewsNew



36:21














    Bella and Edward memory
  

     - Duration: 3:34.
  
MaryStar
7,146,295 views



3:34





    Rob and Kristen's Babymaking Scene Was Too Steamy!
  

     - Duration: 3:02.
  
TheEllenShow
17,920,155 views



3:02





    Twilight Eclipse - Jacob forecefully KISS Bella - Edward & Jacob Fight
  

     - Duration: 2:21.
  
xyberbites
2,255,420 views



2:21





    Breaking Dawn - Bella's Transformation & Awakening Combined Part 1 & 2 - Twilight
  

     - Duration: 4:54.
  
JAVY624
4,741,175 views



4:54





    TWILIGHT - On Fire: Edward and Bella - First Love
  

     - Duration: 4:34.
  
AussieRay81
6,041,490 views



4:34





    Breaking Dawn behind the scenes♥
  

     - Duration: 10:01.
  
Sahnekirsche100
1,187,839 views



10:01





    Dark Shadows Love Scene
  

     - Duration: 3:01.
  
Benjamin Thomas Watt
27,935,849 views



3:01





    Kissing scene Breaking Dawn (HD)
  

     - Duration: 2:25.
  
TwilightMovies2012
1,464,178 views



2:25





    hollywood movie hot best bed scene and night scene
  

     - Duration: 3:32.
  
Sexy and Hot Videos
15,784,882 views



3:32





    Bella Cullen's Transformation - Twilight: Breaking Dawn Part 1 (2011) Kristen Stewart HD
  

     - Duration: 3:43.
  
Movieclips
11,528,403 views



3:43





    10 Biggest Editing MISTAKES In Twilight | Twilight MOVIE MISTAKES
  

     - Duration: 8:28.
  
Movie Mistakes
3,789,846 views



8:28





    ANNA KENDRICK FIRST SEX SCENE - Jeremy Jordan Shiksa Goddess from "The Last Five Years"
  

     - Duration: 4:24.
  
The Best of Anna Kendrick
72,957,440 views



4:24





    Breaking Dawn Part 1 - Born Renesmee
  

     - Duration: 6:21.
  
Amanda Stewart
4,091,387 views



6:21





    Bella Cullen: Birth Scene
  

     - Duration: 3:50.
  
Twilight
2,706,007 views



3:50





    Breaking Dawn Parody by The Hillywood Show®
  

     - Duration: 10:03.
  
The Hillywood Show
33,675,476 views



10:03





    Edward&Bella best Kissing Scenes | Top 5 (HD)
  

     - Duration: 4:23.
  
Twifever05
1,007,038 views



4:23





    TTSE3 Proposal
  

     - Duration: 6:59.
  
mynameisLOVEYOU
3,203,858 views



6:59





    Breaking Dawn Kissing Scenes (ROBSTEN)
  

     - Duration: 8:43.
  
johrobsten8
34,895 views



8:43





    Ha*Ash  - 100% Animal  100% Sexual
  

     - Duration: 1:57.
  
HaAshOficial
121,006,489 views



1:57




Loading more suggestions...
    

Show more









  

 
Language:
  
  English



 
Content location:
  
  United States



 
Restricted Mode:
  
Off



History Help





Loading...
    






Loading...
    






Loading...
    


 About
Press
Copyright
Creators
Advertise
Developers
+YouTube
 Terms
Privacy

Policy & Safety
  
Send feedback

Test new features













Loading...
    














        Working...
    









 
Sign in to add this to Watch Later

    
 

Add to
    





        Loading playlists...
    


 


 




Edward Jay Epstein's Home Page
























This is a commerce-free site.
  No charges, no advertising.  
  To enhance its labyrinthical concept, it contains no site map.



 Cardio Miracle           Skip to navigation Skip to content   Search        More results...      Exact matches only   Search in title   Search in content   Search in comments   Search in excerptFilter by Custom Post Type         $0.00 0 items       Cardio MiracleNitric oxide is produced by the body and promotes optimum circulation by causing blood vessels to be flexible. Poor circulation is related to a decline in the production of nitric oxide and can lead to such disorders as cardio vascular disease, diabetes, sexual dysfunction, even periodontal disease. This product combats these disorders by boosting the body’s production of nitric oxide which helps to restore circulation. Categories: Health Issues, Health Zone Tag: NoDiscount Description Additional information Reviews (0)Description  The best supplement I ever found for high blood pressure turned out to be good for other things I never expected … diabetes, neuropathy, periodontitis, varicose veins, and more.  If you are familiar with this product and want to proceed directly to the order section, click here. For 20% discount, enter promocode neverforget on “place-order” page. Commentary by G. Edward GriffinIn 2012, I was introduced to a product to enhance the body’s production of nitric oxide that, theoretically, causes blood vessels to be more flexible. I was told that it would lower my blood pressure without the side effects of drugs. For the story of how that turned out, click on the video below. It’s an impressive tale, and it’s all true.    I have been taking Cardio Miracle since 2014. Based on my experience, I am convinced it yields greater benefit for more people – and costs less to get that benefit – than anything before it. If you would rather not listen to my boring explanation, you can read a condensed, version stating with INTRODUCING CARDIO MIRACLE, below. TWO PATHWAYS When nitric oxide was first introduced as a  product to combat high blood pressure, not everyone responded the same and, although most users had great results, some did not. Actually, the solution to the mystery is well known but not yet applied to a commercial product.Long ago, it was discovered that the body uses two chemical pathways to produce NO. Sometimes this is depicted with a Ying-and-Yang symbol, because the two paths are perceived to be a single process.The first path was utilized in the early NO products. It starts with the presence of an amino acid called L-arginine. The second pathway, however, starts with the presence of nitrates and nitrites. One of the differences is that the L-Arginine pathway becomes less functional as a person ages. This explains why some older folks did not receive maximum benefit from the original formulations. INTRODUCING CARDIO MIRACLE In 2014, the people who produce Cardio Miracle began incorporating these discoveries into a new formulation that follows both nitric-oxide pathways – and they added several high-potency anti-oxidants to enhance the second path.This is not a mix of patented chemicals claiming to contain “natural flavors” (which often means more chemicals). When you read the label, shown in the FAQ section at the end of this review, you will see that Cardio Miracle is dominantly composed of dried, non-GMO foods. The powders are derived from real fruits and vegetables and prepared with the absolute minimum of processing so as to retain nutrients. The remaining ingredients are not just vitamins, minerals, and enzymes, but also include natural substances that aid the body’s production of nitric oxide at the cellular level.In 1915, Jonathan Stamler, a professor of medicine at Case Western Reserve University School of Medicine discovered that respiration is a three-gas system involving, not just oxygen and carbon dioxide, but also nitric oxide, which controls the ability of blood vessels to expand, when needed, to increase blood flow. Without this ability to expand blood vessels on demand, such as during physical exertion or emotional stress, the delivery of oxygen will be inadequate and can lead to heart failure or stroke. See “Molecular and functional basis established for nitric oxide joining oxygen and carbon dioxide in respiratory cycle,” The Daily, Case Western Reserve University, 2015 April 30,  http://thedaily.case.edu/molecular-and-functional-basis-established-for-nitric-oxide-joining-oxygen-and-carbon-dioxide-in-respiratory-cycle You can go to the order section here For 20% discount, enter promocode neverforget on “place-order” page. THE MANY EFFECTS OF CARDIO MIRACLE Although my initial interest in this product was its ability to lower blood pressure, it soon became apparent from the testimonials we were receiving that there are many other benefits as well – and some of them are big. The following unsolicited letters from users tell the story.HIGH BLOOD PRESSURE“Since I have been using Cardio Miracle, I have not had to take blood-pressure medications. My pressure is now normal, and no side effects. Most of the time I only take 1/2 dose, and it still brings it down, usually around 127/83 or so. THIS STUFF WORKS! I am a former gym rat, and Cardio Miracle seems to tone my muscles as well. I am physically stronger with little or no working out. ” ~~ Charles Bruce“I’m fairly young but have battled high blood pressure for over 10 years. The medication I was on made it hard for me to do my job as a general contractor. I started taking Cardio Miracle and started to feel better after about a week. It’s been 10 months, my doctor took me off my blood-pressure medication, and I’m feeling better than I have in 10 years.” ~~ Russell Pincock“Hi Ed. Last week, my blood pressure was 120/68. And I am 84. Have been taking the Cardio-Miracle that you recommended for three months.The info in your books, The Creature and World Without Cancer is equal to a master’s degree in sane living.” ~~ Joe Ferguson, Utah.“As a professional chemist, I began taking several of the components of Cardio Miracle when I had a health scare involving my blood pressure and triglycerides. Taking Cardio Miracle has made it easy, because I get every ingredient I was taking separately, and more, in one product. I am 70-years and now feel like I am 40. I see the ingredients of Cardio Miracle as the best of the best for my cardiovascular system and overall health.” ~~ Robert Dickman CONGESTIVE HEART FAILURE (insufficient blood flow from heart)“When my Congestive Heart Failure got so bad I couldn’t climb a flight of stairs, I didn’t know what to do. Fortunately, a friend gave me a tub of Cardio Miracle to try. Progressively, I began to walk up stairs with ease and was soon able to exercise on a regular basis, completely turning my health around.” ~~ Kurt Dowdle, Burley, Idaho STROKE“I am so excited to endorse what this product has done for me in the last year. I had a stroke in January, 2015, after being on an Arginine product [not Cardio Miracle] for over 5 years. I am glad that it kept me from being disabled, but it only had 18 ingredients. I found Cardio Miracle last April and have been taking half as much of it [as the other product] because it has so many other ingredients, all organic. I believe now that it has been healing me further. We had a flood in our house in December, and I have been able to help put down flooring, cut boards on the saw in the garage, paint baseboards and help get them in the right place. I cooked for helpers on the weekend and kept up almost 8 hours a day, when before I hadn’t had that kind of stamina. I am so grateful for the blessings that have come from adding this to my daily agenda, and I only have to take half as much as I was of the other product, so it is cheaper too!”  ~~ Pat Erdman NEUROPATHY (numbness, usually in feet and legs)“I suffered with neuropathy in my legs and feet to the point where they were turning dark, and my toes were turning black. I could feel nothing from my knees down. After taking a Nitric Oxide supplement for 3 weeks, I could feel my knees again. As I continued to take the product, the neuropathy continued dropping. After 3 months, my feet had gone from black to fleshy pink. I’m very grateful for Nitric Oxide giving me my life back.” ~~ Lance Voss, Hurricane, Utah“I became interested in Cardio Miracle because it helped my wife with her neuropathy. I decided I might as well take it along with her since it couldn’t do me any harm. Then I noticed that the white biofilm coating I had on my tongue most of my life unexplainably went away – and improved my breath freshness. That made me happy. Since I am a dentist, I’m sure it made my patients happy also. ~~ Gene Duffin, DDS [See video] COPD (Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease)“My husband learned about nitric oxide in a miraculous encounter with two strangers waiting to board a cruise last winter. They observed my husbands pale look and labored breathing, and shared the science. He has been taking the supplement since last April and, even with advanced COPD, his breathing has dramatically improved, his energy level is now beyond our expectations, and his PSA has dropped from over 10 to 2. Our doctors are shocked. We are grateful for Cardio Miracle in our lives.” ~~ Gordon and Terri D., Norfolk, Va. You can go to the order section hereFor 20% discount, enter promocode neverforget on “place-order” page. PERIODONTITIS (receding or bleeding gums) and ROOT CANAL“I have been plagued with receding gums and bleeding for over 40 years. My dentist has recommended surgery several times along with cleanings every three months. I tried everything I could including packing my teeth at night with a powder to help heal the gums. “NOTHING worked. I use a Water Pic every day and some herbal tincture, which has helped some but never stopped the receding gums.“After taking Cardio Miracle for three weeks; two scoops per day; I went for my cleaning appointment and was so thrilled to hear that 17 of my pockets had improved one to two millimeters with less bleeding than in the past. Three months later I went back for another cleaning and was a little nervous; fearing that the first time was just an accident! Much to my pleasure, I had 10 more improvements of one to two millimeters in pocket depth. Needless to say my dentist, Dr Wade, was very impressed and said this was unheard of, wanting to hear more about the Cardio Miracle.” ~~ Ray Potter, Laverkin, Utah“When I read Ray Potter’s testimonial, I wondered if this could be the result of something other than Cardio Miracle, such as a change in diet or reduction of stress. When I looked to see if there was any scientific support for thinking nitric oxide might be responsible, I found that researchers at State University in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, studied that very issue and said there was, indeed, scientific support for the theory behind it. (1)“It didn’t take long for me to schedule a dental appointment to get a current assessment of my own periodontitis to see if Cardio Miracle made a difference. Like Ray Potter, I was uneasy that there would be no positive effect but, when the results were compared to my previous exam, the improvement was nothing less than spectacular.“My previous exam showed 69 pockets that were deep enough to be classified as affected by periodontitis. This time, there were only 24. That’s an amazing improvement of 65%. My hygienist, who usually admonishes me to increase the frequency of my teeth cleaning, studied the charts for a moment and said: ‘Well, I guess this takes the steam out of my argument.’“Eleven months later (on 2016 April 12), when I returned for another cleaning, the pocket count had further declined to 17. That’s a 75% improvement from what is was before taking Cardio Miracle. This time, the hygienist asked how to obtain the product.” ~~ G. Edward Griffin, Los Angeles(1) “Nitric oxide and oral diseases: can we talk about it?” ResearchGate.net.“A few years ago, my dentist advised that I have periodontal disease. I directed my research efforts to find natural remedies if possible. I tried many things, but no calculable results. Then, relying on Mr. Griffin’s recommendations, I purchased Cardio Miracle and began using it upon arrival. I could not take two doses at first so only took the morning dose. After about 10 days of only the morning dose, I went to the dentist for a pre-scheduled cleaning. The hygienist was ecstatic when, after measuring those darn pockets, many had gone from “6” to “4”, “3”, and “2”! After I told her about my Cardio usage, another patient in the office (overhearing our conversation) insisted I give him the info on obtaining the product – which I did. Cardio is the only thing I have tried to date that delivered positive results for my periodontal disease. Can’t tell you how much relief that gives me!” ~~ Rochelle Tyler, LaGrange, Texas“Cardio Miracle brought down my blood pressure so I no longer need Statin drugs. It brought my triglyceride levels into normal range and also boosted my Vitamin-D levels by more than 50%. As a dentist, I am particularly impressed by its ability to virtually eliminate periodontal disease. I now recommend it to all my patients, most of whom report marked improvement within 60 days.” [See video] ~~ Tom Worcester, DDS, Member of the Crown Council, Florida”Severe pain in my jaw sent me to my dentist who said I was in immediate need of a root canal on an infected tooth. I am skeptical about the value of root canals, so I wanted to find another solution other than tooth extraction. I knew that Cardio Miracle was helping people with gum disease, so I decided to see if it would help my deeply infected tooth. Swishing the formula around the tooth for a minute before swallowing produced a sensation of healing. After just a few days, the pain was gone. My tooth seems to be fine now.” [See video] “ ~~ Arlaine Austin OBESITY (For information on how Cardio Miracle combats obesity, see the Q&A section at the bottom of this page.)“I have tremendous energy and I’m averaging 16,000 steps per day (as noted by my Fit Bit) with a vigorous pace, even jogging 3+ miles each morning. My cravings for sugary foods also seems to have decreased. In two weeks I have lost 4.5 pounds.” ~~ Dr Michael Tornow – Bloomfield, New Mexico“90 days after starting Cardio Miracle. I’ve lost 23 pounds, because I have more energy to exercise. I no longer take blood-pressure medication, and my blood pressure reading this morning was 120/79.” ~~ Greg Anderson – Salt Lake City, Utah PAIN “As a Harvard-trained, board-certified emergency physician, I can say that Cardio Miracle truly is a miracle. It brought my blood pressure down from 145/95 to 120/78 with no prescription medications, and I’m growing more hair. I strongly recommend the product.” ~~  Josh Helman, M.D.*“I am a licensed medical professional and therapist. For years, I endured chronic nerve pain and never could find something that controlled pain without side effects. Now, Cardio Miracle removes my pain in 15 to 30 minutes with no side effects. Two scoops of Cardio Miracle works better than two IBuprofen.”  ~~ Heidi Crockett* * See video here. GENERAL HEALTH“Cardio Miracle is one of the few supplements that my wife and I take every single day. The incredible benefits of nitric oxide are well known, and the Cardio Miracle formula is superior to any formula that I have used. I believe that everyone should be on this formula to help protect and promote their endothelial health. In my own family, we have a history of brain aneurysms. Cardio Miracle is my preventive nutrition to minimize that risk for me. Highly recommended!” ~~ Dr. Bradley Nelson, author of The Emotion Code“If I could take one supplement and one supplement only, it would be a nitric oxide booster.” ~~ Stephen Ashcraft, a physiologist in Nashville, Tennessee“I take Cardio Miracle every day and have found tremendous benefits as I participate in triathlons in my mid seventies. I wish I would have had it years ago for my patients, as everyone needs it.” ~~ Dr. James Oury, Founder of the Missoula Heart Institute“Cardio Miracle has been the catalyst for healing my debilitating concussion. Exercise and physical therapy were hard on my brain until I started taking Cardio Miracle before a workout. I had an immediate result! Not only could I exercise, my head began feeling better and my overall health improved! Thank you Cardio Miracle!” ~~ Marci Campbell“For me, Cardio Miracle has been the perfect gift. It has done more for me in one year that medicine has done in the previous forty. The neuropathy in my fingers and toes is gone. I sleep better. I’m healthier, stronger, have more energy. Cardio Miracle gives me a sense of health security that I don’t get from Big Pharma or establishment medicine.”  ~~ Ken Sheldon  [See video]“Nitric-Oxide therapy has affected my wife, Diane significantly. Her actual age 68 was a far cry from the test results (heart age 92) back in May 2011. After 8 months her heart age is now 55! Blood pressure went from 168/92 to 121/76. In addition she was able to have carpel tunnel surgery cancelled because the symptoms went away. Diane had a full knee replacement in 2013 and another one in 2014. Her surgeon and physical therapist told us she recovered twice as fast as anyone they had seen in 25 years!” ~~ Robert Haunschild.  (no photo available at present)You can go to the order section here For 20% discount, enter promocode neverforget on “place-order” page..TROPICAL ABUNDANCE is the name of the taste of Cardio Miracle. You will think you are sipping an exotic drink prepared at a beach-side bar on a tropical island ‒ without the rum, of course. It tastes like real fruit because that’s what it is. The powders in this product are from the real thing.The method by which these fruits and vegetables are converted into powder is amazing. Heating or freeze-drying food to create dry powders destroys much of the vitamin and enzyme content. It’s a terrible loss of nutrition. However, the powders used in Tropical Abundance are created from a process called Infidri, which uses light waves to resonate with water molecules and drive them out of food without damaging nutritional content or flavor. It’s an impressive technology. (See www.powderpure.com) All powdered foods in this process are non GMO.Cardio Miracle contains: Beet Root powder, Carrot powder, Coconut powder, Beet Root crystals, Pine Bark extract, Tumeric, Grape-Seed extract, Watermelon extract, Astralagas root, Panex Ginseng, Hawthorne Berry extract, Resveratrol, Astragin, Astraxanthin, L-Arginine, L-Citrulline, Ornithine, D-Ribose, Alpha Lipoic Acid, trace minerals, sea salt, CoQ10, Pycnogenol, Selenium, Magnesium, Zinc, and a broad spectrum of Vitamins, including D3 and K2. These often are absent even from premium brands of multi-vitamin supplements. The full label is shown in the Frequently-Asked Questions section.You can go to the order section here For 20% discount, enter promocode neverforget on “place-order” page..Frequently Asked QuestionsWhat are the Cardio Miracle ingredients? Here is the product label for the sugar-free (Stevia) version:Why isn’t nitric oxide listed on the product list of ingredients? We apologize for not making this more clear on the product page, but Cardio Miracle does not contain nitric oxide, which is a gas. Instead, it contains the substances the body uses to produce nitric oxide right inside the cells.Is there a danger of Cardio Miracle overdose leading to fatally low blood pressure? There is no evidence of that after extensive use, but there is a theoretical concern for high-performance athletes. See “Potentially fatal new trend in performance enhancement: a cautionary note on nitrite,” by Andrea Ptroczi and Decian P. Naughton, Journal of the International Society of Sports Nutrition, 2010, 7:25.How do you know that the loss of neuropathy is not merely the placebo effect? It is impossible for patients to experience complete loss of advanced neuropathy based on the placebo effect. An excellent reference regarding the theoretical action of nitric oxide on neurons is: Nitric Oxide and Its Role in Health and Diabetes, by Thomas Burke, Ph.D. with special focus on Parts 5 and 8.Is there a reliable reference for a technical description of the Nitrate/Nitrite pathway to nitric oxide? There are numerous studies on this topic available online. A good choice would be: “The nitrate-nitrite-nitric oxide pathway in physiology and therapeutics,” by Jon O. Lundburg, Eddie Weitzberg, & Mark T. Gladwin, Nature Reviews Drug Discovery 7,156-167 (Feb. 2008).If L-arginine is the beginning of the chemical pathway to nitric oxide, why does Cardio Miracle include Citrulline? What is Citrulline, anyway and what’s all the fuss about the ratio between Arginine and Citrulline? Great question for those who really want to understand how this product works and what sets it apart from others. Citrulline isAre there negative side effects from consuming sodium nitrite? There have been studies showing a relationship between high levels of dietary sodium nitrite and cancer. It is believed that this process is initiated by abnormal oxidative stress. At low to moderate levels, such as are found in Cardio Miracle, we are not aware of any such connection. It is common for food factors to be beneficial or even essential in small quantities but harmful in large quantities. Sodium nitrite is an important part of Cardio Miracle because it is a precursor to the body’s production of nitric oxide, which is essential for life. However, to be on the side of caution, the manufacturer has added substantial levels of potent anti-oxidants to eliminate any oxidative stress that might be present. See “The Effects of Sodium Nitrite,” by Jan Annigan, reviewed by Brenda Spriggs, MD, MPH, MBA, Healthline, Aug. 16, 2013.Does Cardio Miracle need to be refrigerated to keep its freshness? No. It should be treated like a dried food, which most of it is. After opening, it will last for several years with no problem as long as it is stored in a cool, dry location. If atmospheric moisture causes clumping, that will not adversely effect the product’s effectiveness in any way. Clumps are easily broken up, and the product will quickly dissolve in water or juice as before.Are there any special discounts on this product for Reality Zone customers? Due to improved product ingredients and inflation, the increased cost of Cardio Miracle has required that all special discounts for special groups be ended. Discounts may be issued in the future on special occasions but will have specific ending dates.For cardiovascular benefit, why not just take Viagra as it’s cheaper and probably more effective? The answer to this is provided by Stephen Ashcraft, a physiologist in Nashville, Tennessee. [[email protected]]“To understand how Viagra works, we must first understand what physiological response causes an erection. The body releases Nitric Oxide (NO) when we are sexual stimulated. This NO release comes from nerve endings and endothelial cells in the corpus cavernosum of the penis and clitoris. An enzyme then converts guanosine triphosphate (GTP) into cyclic guanosine monophosphate (cGMP). cGMP then causes the smooth muscle of the vessels in the penis, or clitoris, to relax, which then allows for a greater inflow of blood which then leads to an erection. cGMP is then hydrolyzed back to the inactive GMP by phosphodiesteras type 5, also known as PDE5.“We know that most Men who suffer from erectile dysfunction do not produce enough NO. This is why we can say that erectile dysfunction is one of the earliest visible responses to cardio vascular disease. Because of low NO production in these men, the small amount of cGMP they produce is broken down at the same rate and therefore doesn’t have the time required, to accumulate, and cause a prolonged vasodilatation effect, the erection.“Sildenafil (Viagra) is a potent and highly selective inhibitor of PDE5. Sildenafil (Viagra) works by inhibiting the enzyme PDE5 (phosphodiesteras). This means that cGMP is not hydrolyzed as fast and this allows the vessel smooth muscle to relax. 1. Viagra does not increase NO production, thus one would not receive the numerous benefits, to the cardiovascular system, of NO. 2. Viagra has numerous negative side effects. 3. PDE5 function is specific to the penis and clitoris. 4. The response is short lived and not recommended for using multiple doses per day.“Cardio Miracle provides a consistent elevation of NO, thus causing the vascular system to function as it is suppose to, dilating and constricting according to cardiac output and increased stroke volume. Neither Viagra nor its competitor drugs provide this response. Erectile Dysfunction has been shown in research to diminish with greater NO production.”A respected alternative-medicine doctor has said in his newsletter that supplemental L-arginine is a poor source for increasing nitric oxide, and possibly does not work at all. If this is true, why is it in Cardio Miracle? Again, we will defer to Stephen Ashcraft [[email protected]] for the answer:“There are several, obvious, issues with this article. First, [the doctor] is selling another product, one he claims works better for NO production than L-arginine. Rather than argue the point, I would simply refer him, or any other inquisitive person, to the hundreds if not thousands of clinical trials proving the effectiveness of L-arginine as a precursor and producer of NO. Furthermore, I would remind him, and others, the 1998 Noble Prize Winner, for medicine, Dr. Louis Ignarro, won the Noble Prize for discovering NO. Dr. Ignarro went on, in his book “No More Heart Disease,” to explain in great detail the benefits of L- arginine.“Second, the [doctor’s] article is correct in that oral L-arginine does convert to urea. It also converts to NO, ornithine, and agmatine. … Many of the health benefits, from L-arginine, can be attributed to the fact that some of the L-arginine converts to urea. Urea has many health benefits. It supports protein synthesis, thus its importance for patients suffering from kidney failure, kidney infections, and for athletes who are wanting to gain greater muscle mass. Urea is also the best diuretic, and has proven helpful with brain tumors, strokes, meningitis and other inflammations of the brain and spinal cord. One report cites the case of a massive brain tumor reappearing 3 months after surgical removal of another brain tumor. The patient received 256ml of 30% urea. After 2 hours the tumor had completely disappeared. Urea is also very beneficial in wound healing, even infected wounds, burns and ulcerating tumors. Urea is one of the main reasons L-arginine, converting to NO, is such a powerful recovery agent. Urea greatly reduces exercise recovery time by removing ammonia, a by-product of lactic acid, which occurs from repetitive muscular contractions. So, while it is certainly true that some of the L-arginine converts to urea, it is also a good thing.“Also, it is true that L-arginine can be very difficult to assimilate. Studies have shown that our bodies utilize less than 50% of the L-arginine we consume. This means that you can’t digest and use L-arginine efficiently. It is for this reason, that hospitals, and many researchers use intravenous arginine injection instead of oral doses. The Cardio Miracle solution to this problem is a different form of arginine called, L-arginine AAKG (alpha-ketoglutarate). AAKG has been shown to have a 90% utilization rate. Also, by adding the amino acid, L-citrulline, and other active NO boosters, you can greatly enhance the effectiveness of L-arginine conversion in the NOS pathway. Furthermore, the pharmaceutical grade AAKG form of L-arginine gives the endothelium support and vaso-relaxation properties of arginine, plus greater arginine stability, bioavailability, and absorption. If that’s not enough, the AAKG serves as a transport medium for arginine, thus making it available at the cellular level for optimal synthesis. AAKG will also improve endogenous production of glutamine and glutamic acid, both of which are important for muscle growth.“Another noteworthy fact of Cardio Miracle is the dual-pathway of delivery. The two primary ways our bodies generate and deliver NO are: (1) the enzymatic process that oxidizes a nitrogen atom in the amino acid, arginine, to nitric oxide. This process is known as the arginine-nitric oxide pathway. Arginine is converted to NO by the endothelium. L-citrulline, also used in the Cardio Miracle formula, is another amino acid and can also be converted into NO by means of the same pathway. (2) The second pathway is a non-enzymatic process where nitrites and nitrates, which are naturally occurring, are converted to NO either by bacteria in the intestine and mouth, or by naturally occurring antioxidants. Some fruits and roots are converted into NO via this same pathway. By taking advantage of both pathways, and adding additional NO boosters, Cardio Miracle extends the active life of NO, in the system.“NO can oxidize and become a free radical. Cardio Miracle is loaded with some of the most powerful antioxidants known that lower homocysteine levels and inhibit the oxidation process. Another way of eliminating any concern of the free radical issue is the NO loop. By combining other key NO precursors a loop is created, thereby protecting the NO from becoming a free radical, and greatly extending the life of NO.“Most NO boosters, on the market, rely on L-arginine as their primary source for NO. A few, and I mean a very few, will use some L-citrulline; and even fewer will use AAKG. As we’ve already mentioned, there are a number of sources of NO production. NOS occurs through several different pathways, thus Cardio Miracle, a product that actually works, uses multiple pathways of delivery. Because Cardio Miracle contains multiple sources of NO precursors, and multiple pathways of delivery, it contains a lower dose of L-arginine, and also greatly enhance the health benefits of NO.”What are endothelial progenitor cells, and what do they have to do with Cardio Miracle?Endothelial refers to a layer of cells that line the inner walls of the circulatory system, everything from the heart to the smallest capillaries. Their function is to pass nutrients from the bloodstream into the organs ‒ and pass waste products in the opposite direction where they are carried to the liver and kidneys for disposal. Since all functions of life depend on that process, healthy endothelial cells are essential for health and youth.The bad news is that endothelial cells have a life span of only a few years (even shorter when exposed to toxins from drugs, processed food, and contaminated air). The good news is that the body is able to replace those dying endothelial cells with new ones. That’s where the word progenitor comes into play. It refers to a stem cell that is programmed by its DNA to morph into a specialized cell that can replace an aging or damaged cell. Therefore, endothelia progenitor cells (EPCs) gradually become new endothelia cells.The bad news, however, is that the body’s ability to produce EPCs diminishes with age, which is a major cause of declining health and vigor as we grow older. But the final good news is that researchers recently have discovered a way, not only to increase the body’s production of EPCs, which occurs in bone marrow, but to send them to precise locations in the cardio-vascular system that need them the most ‒ and it does this regardless of age. (See Nitric oxide differentially regulates proliferation and mobilization of endothelial progenitor cells but not of hematopoietic stem cells. Ozüyaman B1, Ebner P, Niesler U, Ziemann J, Kleinbongard P, Jax T, Gödecke A, Kelm M, Kalka, http://th.schattauer.de/en/contents/archive/issue/769/manuscript/4265.html)Cardio Miracle stimulates the body to increase its own, natural production of nitric oxide ‒ and that is the substance that stimulates the production of EPCs.How does Cardio Miracle combat obesity? Most of the benefits of Cardio Miracle can be understood as the result of improved circulation and oxygenation, but combating obesity is related to a biological process called mitochondrial biogenesis. Don’t be intimidated by the words. They simply mean the body’s production of a component of all cells (the mitochondria) that converts nutrients derived from food into energy. Mitochondrial biogenesis also is dependent on oxygenation, but its function is related to the accumulation of body fat.An efficient mitochondria readily converts nutrients derived from food into energy, and only excess food consumption is left over for fat. If the mitochondria are not efficient, the conversion to energy will be impaired, a condition called low metabolism. This causes low energy levels ‒ manifested as weakness and fatigue ‒ and increased fat formation.Many things can reduce the function of mitochondria, everything from enzymatic dysfunction to toxins to aging. Therefore, anything that supports the maintenance of healthy mitochondria will combat obesity ‒ especially if related to low metabolism.The effect of nitric oxide on diabetes was the topic of a 2014 study by Brian Sansbury and Bradford Hill.(1) They found that nitric oxide does help control diabetes, but it does so because of how it combats obesity:● It reduces insulin resistance. ● It regulates appetite. ● It supports the production and efficiency of mitochondria.The researchers stated: “Overall, the collective data suggest that L-arginine, and by inference, NO [nitric oxide], has the capacity to reduce fat mass by increasing mitochondrial biogenesis, regulating brown adipose tissue signaling, and increasing the expression of genes that promote oxidation of energy substrates.”In laymen’s terms, that means: Nitric Oxide (which is produced by the body in response to the dietary presence of an amino acid called L-Arginine) reduces fat by decreasing appetite and increasing the body’s ability to convert food into energy.(1) “Regulation of Obesity and Insulin Resistance by Nitric Oxide”, by Brian E. Sansbury1 and Bradford G. Hill1, Science Direct, Free Radical Biology and Medicine, Vol 73, August 2014. pp. 382-399. http://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0891584914002329 Also: also: http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC4112002/ This paper also contains an excellent overview of many other health effects of ample nitric-oxide.You can go to the order section hereFor 20% discount, enter promocode neverforget on “place-order” page..SHORT VERSION OF MR. GRIFFIN’S EXPERIENCE WITH CARDIO MIRACLE I was skeptical at first because I had tried other products that were hyped as natural, safe, and effective, but none of them worked ‒ at least not for me. Nevertheless, the science behind this concept seemed to be excellent ‒ in fact a Nobel Prize had been won based on it ‒ so I decided to give it a try.To my amazement, great results were measurable immediately. My blood pressure, which was 170 over 94 on the day I started the trial, began dropping by about 15 points per month and didn’t stop until it hit numbers I had not seen since I was in my 20s. Currently, it is running at about 120 over 72.UNEXPECTED BONUS BENEFITS In 2012, when I added this product to the Reality Zone catalogue, I began received testimonials from customers who experienced a dramatic lowering of blood pressure ‒ plus unexpected bonus benefits, such as stabilized insulin levels (a big achievement for diabetics), renewed sensation to feet and legs, improvement in mental clarity, reduction of varicose veins, restoration of receding gums, protection against Alzheimer’s, and even defense against obesity.I did not expect these reports and, at first, it seemed unlikely that a single substance could have a positive effect on so many unrelated disorders. The explanation, however, turned out to be simple. The effect of nitric oxide at the cellular level is relaxation of blood vessels and improvement of circulation ‒ which has a beneficial effect on literally every function of life. (For an explanation of how obesity is controlled, see the Q&A section above this section.) Additional informationWeight3. lbsReviewsThere are no reviews yet.Only logged in customers who have purchased this product may leave a review.Related products Quick ViewBundle – Psychiatry MadnessThe psychiatric profession has been captured by the pharmaceutical industry and converted into a marketing agency for prescription drugs. These drugs create disorders worse than those being treated and include anxiety, disassociation from personal relationships, estrangement from reality, and impulses to commit murder and suicide. $48.75 Add to cart Quick ViewAre Vaccines Safe?A 3-hour seminar by Mary Tocco, an educator on natural health with special expertise in vaccines. She identifies the toxic components of vaccines, how they are related to autism and other childhood disorders, how vaccines interfere with the development of a normal immune system, and how infectious childhood diseases had all but disappeared BEFORE vaccines were introduced as a result of improved sanitation and nutrition. 2 DVDs. $24.95 Add to cart Quick ViewDead WrongHow Psychiatric Drugs Can Kill Your Child. This is the story of one mother’s quest to find out why her happy, outgoing son committed suicide shortly after being placed on psychiatric drugs. She discovered that suicidal and homicidal impulses are known side effects of these drugs, yet psychiatrists claim they are safe. Once you hear what health experts, drug counselors, and doctors say, you will conclude that psychiatrists are dead wrong. DVD $19.50 Add to cart Quick ViewBundle – Geo-engineeringGeo-Engineering Bundle contains 3 items: What in the World Are They Spraying? The Chemtrail/Geo-Engineering Coverup; Why in the World Are They Spraying? Geo-Engineering and Weather Control; and Aerosol Crimes AKA Chemtrails. Deep discount. $29.50 Add to cart CartProduct CategoriesSelect a categoryAudio ArchivesBundlesFreedom IssuesGeneral InterestHealth IssuesHealth ZoneMoney & BankingNewest ArrivalsTop 12 Best SellersVideos Top Rated Products   Discovery of Noah's Ark  $19.50   Capitalist Conspiracy (Video)  $19.50   Christmas Carol  $15.00   Founding Fathers, Secret Societies  $16.95 $8.50   World Without Cancer Bundle  $39.00 $21.50  You're viewing: Cardio Miracle Add to cart  X Close           X                


Edwards Signaling - products



























Shopping Cart | 
			My Account | 
			Rep's Web



home
 news

products

Audible Signals
Annunciators & Text Messaging
Call for Assistance
Clocks & Timers
Contact Devices
Fire Alarm Systems & Devices
Machine Safeguarding
Outdoor Warning Systems
Telephone Signals
Transformers
Visual Signals
Audible Visual Signals


support

Register Software
Product Documents & Software
Cross Reference
Locate Distributors
Contact Technical Support
Contact Customer Service


industries & applications

Hazardous Locations
Commercial Facilities
Industrial Applications
Single & Multi-Unit Residential
Marine Locations


our company

Company History


where to buy

catalog














					Home
>

					products


Edwards Signaling Product Catalog
Edwards Signaling's Catalog describes our complete line of electronic audible and visual signals for indoor, outdoor, and hazardous locations including two-line Workstation Message Centers, Chameleon LED multi-status indicators, industrial weatherproof and marine-rated hazardous location beacons, and outdoor-rated hazardous location bells and horns. In addition, the catalog details Edwards' full line of fire alarm devices, appliances, and panels as well as door holders, door releases, contact devices, and annunciators.



Audible Signals

Bells
Sirens
Chimes
Electronic Signals
Klaxon Signals
Buzzers
Horns
Hazardous Location


Visual Signals

Strobes
Rotating Beacons
Flashing Beacons
Multi-Mode
Steady-On Beacons
Hazardous Location Visual Signals
Solar Beacons
Stacklights
Polaris Class


Fire Alarm Systems & Devices

Initiating Devices
Fire Alarm Panels
Notification Appliances
Accessories
Stand Alone Detectors
Voice Evacuation & Notification


Call for Assistance

Call for Assistance Kits
Hotel Room Annunicator
Push Buttons
Horn/Strobe
Buzzer/Strobe
Pull Cord Switches
Wall Stations
Dome Stations




Clocks & Timers

Clocks


Outdoor Warning Systems

Air Driven Signals
Motor Driven Signals


Transformers



Annunciators & Text Messaging

Text Messaging 




Telephone Signals



Machine Safeguarding



Contact Devices

Push Buttons
Door Devices


Audible Visual Signals

Beacons with Horn
Beacons with Sounder
Horn/Strobe
Klaxon Sounder Beacons










Home |
contact us |
reps web |
privacy & terms |
links |
 Site Map
| Privacy Policy
| Terms of Use
|


		Edwards Signaling is a part of UTC Climate, Controls & Security, a unit of United Technologies Corp
		© United Technologies Corporation 2017






















SEX EDUCATION TEEN HEALTH, Activity packet by Edward White | TpT











About UsSchoolsGift CardsHelpAll CategoriesFeaturedVideosSummerBack to SchoolAutumnClassroom Community ScienceEnglish Language ArtsMathTools for Common CoreFree DownloadsOn Sale This WeekMain CategoriesGrade LevelPre-K - K1 - 23 - 56 - 89 - 12OtherSubjectArts & MusicEnglish Language ArtsForeign LanguageMathScienceSocial Studies - HistorySpecialtyHolidays/SeasonalPriceFreeUnder $5$5 to $10$10 and upOn SaleResource TypeLesson PlansActivitiesExams/QuizzesWorksheetsWhite Board ActivitiesPowerPointNovel StudiesSellers by LocationUnited StatesCanadaAustraliaUnited KingdomAll SellersCartCart is emptyTotal:$0.00View Wish ListView CartLog InJoin UsWhoops! Something went wrong.Click here to refresh the pageSEX EDUCATION TEEN HEALTH, Activity packetPreviewSubjectBiology, HealthGrade Levels7th, 8th, 9th, 10thResource TypeWorksheets, Homeschool Curricula, ActivitiesProduct Rating3.9•30 ratingsFile TypePDF (Acrobat) Document File
  Be sure that you have an application to open
  this file type before downloading and/or purchasing.
4 MB|30 pagesProduct Description30 PAGES of INFORMATION AND ACTIVITIES, Sex Ed, Sexual Education, worksheets, Sex Ed worksheets, Sex Education worksheets, Sex Ed activities, Sexual Education Activities, Sex Ed booklet, Sexual education textbook, sex Ed lessons, sex Education lessons, Sex Ed resources, sexual education resources, Sex Ed Teens, sexual education for teens, Puberty, abstinence, sex abstinence, adolescence, sex Ed home school, sexually transmitted diseases, teens and sexually transmitted diseases, sex education projects, sex Ed projects, teen pregnancy, biologyguy, 7th grade sex Ed, 7th grade sexual education, 7th grade health, Sex education assessment, next generation science standards, core K12, Science, biology, health.

This is an activity book on PUBERTY, TEEN HEALTH and SEXUAL EDUCATION.  This Sexual Education activity packet for teens, includes an all inclusive text, with information, worksheets, activities, assessments and project ideas for teachers to give to their students. It includes the following topics:

1.Puberty in girls and boys
2.Male and female anatomy
3.How to care for the male and female reproductive system
4.Menstruation and the menstrual cycle
5.Questions about sex
6.Sexual education
7.Abstinence
8.Sexually transmitted Diseases
9.AIDS and HIV
10.How to respect your body


You can find more works similar to this at my store: 

http://www.teacherspayteachers.com/Store/Edward-White

I hope that you enjoy this teacher's resource, if you have any questions please email me. BiologyGuy  :)Total Pages 30 pages Answer Key Included Teaching Duration 1 Week Report this ResourceComments & RatingsProduct Q & A$5.99Digital DownloadAdd one to cartBuy licenses to shareAdd to Wish ListEdward White448 FollowersFollow$5.99Digital DownloadAdd one to cartBuy licenses to shareAdd to Wish ListTeachers Pay Teachers is an online marketplace where teachers buy and sell original educational materials.Learn MoreAbout Who We Are  We're Hiring  Press  Top 100 Resources  Blog Support Help & FAQ  Contact Us  Terms of Service  Trademark & Copyright  Privacy Policy Keep in Touch!Are you getting the free resources, updates, and special offers we send out every week in our teacher newsletter?Sign up







Jung and Sex - Santana, Edward - 9781138919143 | HPB









HPBYour favorite local bookstore.Everywhere.ClickSign up / Log inHelp0Your cartLooks like there are no items in here.  Start shopping now and add treasures to your cart. If you have items saved in your cart, sign in to your account to pick up where you left off. Sign in to your accountBrowse Best SellersBooks Popular subjectsYoung Adult FictionChildren's FictionReligionHistoryBiography & AutobiographySee All CategoriesCustomer favoritesBestsellersNew ReleasesBox SetsStaff PicksHPB BlogSuperbuysUnder $10Under $5Under $4Under $3Under $2Under $1Must HaveThe Hottest Book This WeekShop BestsellersMovies & TV Popular subjectsFamilyWesternsTelevision: HBOAction/AdventureTelevision: SeriesDramaTelevision: BBCComedyChildren's VideoCustomer favoritesBest selling moviesNew releasesBlu RayBooks turned into moviesKids and familyAnimeBoxed SetsSuperbuysUnder $5Under $4Under $3Under $2Under $1Good for a LaughThe Top Comedy of the WeekShop ComediesMusic Popular subjectsSoul/R&BPopular MusicFictionJuvenile Grades 4-6 Ages 9-11Country & WesternJazz MusicAudio Books on Tape-CDRomance/ModernDiet & NutritionCustomer favoritesBest selling musicNew releasesBest selling vinylKids and familyMovie soundtracksBoxed setsSuperbuysUnder $5Under $4Under $3Under $2Under $1Teen under $5Kids under $5New TunesThe Top Album of the WeekShop New MusicTextbooks Popular subjectsInternational EditionsSell Us Your TextbooksHomeschoolStudy GuidesCliffs NotesCareerRare Finds BooksSigned BooksFirst EditionsBoxed SetsBrowse Rare FindsMoviesCollectors EditionsBoxed SetsVinylPre 19501950-19541955-19591960-19641965-19691970-NowSuperbuysRare under $10Rare under $5New treasures on our shelvesStart collecting todayShop Rare FindsGift Cards Our StorySign up for our mailing list  and  save! JOIN THE LISTClickFIND A STOREJung And Sex: Re Visioning The Treatment Of Sexual Issuesby Santana, EdwardC. G. Jung, despite not being widely known for his views on sexuality or the treatment of sexual issues, made extensive contributions to understanding the complexities of this field throughout his life. In Jung and Sex, Edward Santana makes the case that reclaiming this knowledge can address substantial problems with current treatments and support many who struggle with sexual issues. This thorough exploration of Jung's approach to sexual issues presents a wide-ranging new look at his work and adds contemporary perspectives for helping those suffering with sexual difficulties. The book calls for an important bridging of clinical perspectives to address the contemporary challenges of complex sexual issues and brings attention to a large body of Jung's work on human sexuality, ranging from pioneering thoughts on sexual expressions of the soul to understanding ways to treat sexual symptoms. Jung and Sex provides a comprehensive analysis of Jung's views on, and clinical approaches to, sexual issues and treatments, using this knowledge in order to help those with sexual problems and the professionals who support them. It is an essential text for understanding critical dimensions of human sexuality. Jung and Sex is an important contribution that closes a gap in the literature of Jungian psychology. It offers unique insights into the subject for Jungian psychotherapists, analytical psychologists, sex therapists, and relationship counselors. The book also supports the work of academics and those interested in contemporary applications of Jungian and post-Jungian studies.Human Sexuality, JungianCondition: --HPB condition ratingsNew: Item is brand new, unused and unmarked, in flawless condition.Fine/Like New (F): No defects, little usage. May show remainder marks. Older books may show minor flaws.Very Good (VG): Shows some signs of wear and is no longer fresh. Attractive. Used textbooks do not come with supplemental materials.Good (G): Average used book with all pages present. Possible loose bindings, highlighting, cocked spine or torn dust jackets. Used textbooks do not come with supplemental materials.Fair (FR): Obviously well-worn, but no text pages missing. May be without endpapers or title page. Markings do not interfere with readability. Used textbooks do not come with supplemental materials.Poor (P): All text is legible but may be soiled and have binding defects. Reading copies and binding copies fall into this category. Used textbooks do not come with supplemental materials.Conditions GuideFormat: HardcoverSold by: --Language: EnglishPublisher: RoutledgeISBN-13: 9781138919143ISBN: 1138919144Publication Year: 2016HPB pick - Out of stockLoading...Loading marketplace...HPB condition ratingsNew: Item is brand new, unused and unmarked, in flawless condition.Fine/Like New (F): No defects, little usage. May show remainder marks. Older books may show minor flaws.Very Good (VG): Shows some signs of wear and is no longer fresh. Attractive. Used textbooks do not come with supplemental materials.Good (G): Average used book with all pages present. Possible loose bindings, highlighting, cocked spine or torn dust jackets. Used textbooks do not come with supplemental materials.Fair (FR): Obviously well-worn, but no text pages missing. May be without endpapers or title page. Markings do not interfere with readability. Used textbooks do not come with supplemental materials.Poor (P): All text is legible but may be soiled and have binding defects. Reading copies and binding copies fall into this category. Used textbooks do not come with supplemental materials.Conditions GuideHPB condition ratingsNew: Mint condition or still sealed (SS). Absolutely perfect in every way. New.Fine/Like New (EX): No defects, little sign of use, well cared for. Plays perfectly. Close to new. Not necessarily sealed or unused, but close. Could be an unopened promotional or cut item. Sometimes called: mint-minus.Very Good (VG): Will show some signs that it was played and otherwise handled by a previous owner who took good care of it.Good (G): Attractive and well cared for, but no longer fresh. Minor signs of wear, scuffing or scratching, but will play almost perfectly. For vinyl: barely detectable crackles or pops.Fair (FR): This item is in okay condition. For vinyl: good is not so good and the record may have low level crackles or pops when playing. CD: one or more tracks may skip.Poor (P): Obviously well-worn and handled. Most vinyl collectors will not buy good or below, but some tracks on CD or vinyl will play.Conditions GuideHPB condition ratingsNew: This movie is unopened and brand new.Fine/Like New (EX): Near new. No defects, little sign of use. Plays perfectly. Not necessarily sealed or unused, but close. No skipping; no fuzzy or snowy frames in VHS.Very Good (VG): Attractive and well cared for but no longer fresh. Minor signs of wear, but will play almost perfectly. For VHS: barely detectable distortion or very few fuzzy or snowy frames.Good (G): This item is in okay condition and basically works well. There may be some minor distortion on VHS tape; slight scratching or wear on DVD.Fair (FR): Basically plays, but may be obviously well-worn with some scratching or tape distortion.Poor (P): Disc or tape is intact, but may be scratched or stretched. There may be skips or distortion or product defects.Conditions Guide×











Athenian Prostitution  - Edward E. Cohen - Oxford University Press






































   We use cookies to enhance your experience on our website. By continuing to use our website, you are agreeing to our use of cookies. You can change your cookie settings at any time. 
   Find out more






















Academic
Skip to main content



United States
 | 
About Us
 | 
Careers
 | 
Contact Us
 | 
Help



Sign In
 |
Register
 |
My Account
 |
Cart

0 items





Search



Start Search










 Choose your country or region 
 
  
Close





 Arts & Humanities




Archaeology
Architecture
Art
Biography
Byzantine Studies
Classical Studies
Egyptology
History
Language Teaching & Learning
Linguistics
Literature
Media Studies
Music
Music - Sheet Music
Performing Arts


Philosophy
Religion
Society & Culture


 Series

Studies in Feminist Philosophy
Oxford Encyclopedias of Islamic Studies
Medieval History and Archaeology
View All

 
 Online Resources

Grove Music Online
Electronic Enlightenment
Oxford Dictionaries
View All
 Journals

American Literary History Journal
Journal of American History
Classical Receptions Journal
View All
 
 Resources

Authors
Booksellers
Instructors
Librarians
Press
Publisher Services
Researchers
Societies
Sponsors & Advertisers 
Students
 
 Close 

 
 Dictionaries & Reference




Geographical Reference
Bilingual Dictionaries
Encyclopedias
English Dictionaries
Language Reference
Public Speaking Guides
Quotations
Thesauri




 Series

Oxford Quick Reference
View All

 
 Online Resources

Oxford English Dictionary
Very Short Introductions
Oxford Dictionaries
View All
 
 Resources

Authors
Booksellers
Instructors
Librarians
Press
Publisher Services
Researchers
Societies
Sponsors & Advertisers 
Students
 
 Close 

 
 Law




Antitrust Law
Arbitration
Civil Law
Comparative Law
Constitutional & Administrative Law
Construction Law
Contract Law
Corporate Law
Criminal Law
Employment & Labor Law
Environment & Energy Law
European Union Law
Family Law
Financial Law
History of Law


Human Rights & Immigration
Intellectual Property Law
International Law
IT & Communications Law
Jurisprudence & Philosophy of Law
Law & Politics
Law & Society
Legal System & Practice
Medical & Healthcare Law
Philosophy of Law
Policing
Property Law
Study & Revision
Terrorism & National Security Law
Tort Law


Trusts Law
Media Law
 
 Series

Current Legal Issues
International Economic Law
American Psychology-Law Society Series
View All

 
 Online Resources

Oxford Legal Research Library
Oxford Competition Law
Oxford Dictionaries
View All
 Journals

Journal of Environmental Law
Law, Probability & Risk
Journal of Legal Analysis
View All
 
 Resources

Authors
Booksellers
Instructors
Librarians
Press
Publisher Services
Researchers
Societies
Sponsors & Advertisers 
Students
 
 Close 

 
 Medicine & Health




Allied Health Professions
Anesthesiology
Clinical Medicine
Clinical Neuroscience
Critical Care
Dentistry
Emergency Medicine
Family Practice
Forensic Medicine
Hematology
History of Medicine
Medical Dentistry
Medical Ethics
Medical Skills


Medical Statistics & Methodology
Midwifery
Nursing Studies
Nursing
Obstetrics & Gynecology
Occupational Medicine
Ophthalmology
Otolaryngology (Ear, Nose, Throat)
Pathology
Pediatrics
Pharmacology
Popular Health
Preclinical Medicine


Psychiatry
Psychotherapy
Public Health & Epidemiology
Radiology
Reproductive Medicine
Surgery
 
 Series

Neurology Now
Mayo Clinic Scientific Press
Weil Integrative Medicine Library
View All

 
 Online Resources

Oxford Medicine Online
AMA Manual of Style Online
Oxford Dictionaries
View All
 Journals

International Journal of Epidemiology
Archives of Clinical Neuropsychology
International Health
View All
 
 Resources

Authors
Booksellers
Instructors
Librarians
Press
Publisher Services
Researchers
Societies
Sponsors & Advertisers 
Students
 
 Close 

 
 Science & Mathematics




Biological Sciences
Chemistry
Computer Science
Computing
Earth Sciences & Geography
Engineering & Technology
Environmental Science
History of Science & Technology
Materials Science
Mathematics
Neuroscience
Physics
Psychology




 Series

Oxford Master Series in Physics
IB Diploma Program
Biology of Habitats 
View All

 
 Online Resources

Oxford Bibliographies Online
University Press Scholarship Online
Oxford Dictionaries
View All
 Journals

The Quarterly Journal of Mathematics
Molecular Biology and Evolution
Poultry Science
View All
 
 Resources

Authors
Booksellers
Instructors
Librarians
Press
Publisher Services
Researchers
Societies
Sponsors & Advertisers 
Students
 
 Close 

 
 Social Sciences




Anthropology
Business & Management
Criminology & Criminal Justice
Development Studies
Economics
Education
Environment
Human Geography
Interdisciplinary Studies
Museums, Libraries, & Information Sciences
Politics
Regional & Area Studies
Research & Information
Sociology


Social Work
Warfare & Defense


 Series

Oxford Studies in Digital Politics
Advanced Texts in Econometrics
Comparative Politics
View All

 
 Online Resources

Social Explorer
Oxford Scholarship Online
Oxford Dictionaries
View All
 Journals

The British Journal of Criminology
Social Politics: International Studies in Gender, State & Society
Journal of Financial Econometrics
View All
 
 Resources

Authors
Booksellers
Instructors
Librarians
Press
Publisher Services
Researchers
Societies
Sponsors & Advertisers 
Students
 
 Close 

 



Journals
Higher Education



You are here: 
Home Page 
>
Arts & Humanities
>
History
>
History by Period
>
Ancient History (Non-Classical To 500 CE)
>
Athenian Prostitution









$74.00






Hardcover
 
 
Published: 14 December 2015
 264 Pages 
 6-1/8 x 9-1/4 inches 
ISBN: 9780190275921

Also Available As:

Ebook



This title is available as an ebook. To purchase, visit your preferred ebook provider.





Also Available In:

Oxford Scholarship Online




This book is available as part of Oxford Scholarship Online - view abstracts and keywords at book and chapter level.

 


Bookseller Code (06)














 


  


  







Connect with OUP











Overview
Description
Table of Contents
  Author Information  
Reviews and Awards


















Close





   https://global.oup.com/academic/covers/pop-up/9780190275921 













Athenian Prostitution
The Business of Sex
Edward E. Cohen


A pioneering study that examines the sale of sex in classical Athens
Presents a unique focus on the business aspects of Athenian prostitution
Explores the contradictions and inconsistencies of Athens' attitude toward and treatment of commercial sex








Athenian Prostitution
The Business of Sex
Edward E. Cohen



Description



This is a pioneering study that examines the sale of sex in classical Athens from a commercial (rather than from a cultural or moral) perspective. Following the author's earlier book on Athenian banking, this work analyzes erotic business at Athens in the context of the Athenian economy. For the Athenians, the social acceptability and moral standing of human labor was largely determined by the conditions under which work was performed. Pursued in a context characteristic of servile endeavor, prostitution--like all forms of slave labor--was contemptible. Pursued under conditions appropriate to non-servile endeavor, prostitution--like all forms of free labor--was not violative of Athenian work ethics. As a mercantile activity, however, prostitution was not untouched by Athenian antagonism toward commercial and manual pursuits; as the "business of sex," prostitution further evoked negativity from segments of Greek opinion uncomfortable with any form of carnality. Yet ancient sources also adumbrate another view, in which the sale of sex, lawful and indeed pervasive at Athens, is presented alluringly.In a book that will be of interest to all students of sex and gender, to economic, legal and social historians, and to classicists, the author explores the high compensation earned by female sexual entrepreneurs who often controlled prostitutional businesses that were perpetuated from generation to generation on a matrilineal basis, and that benefitted from legislative restrictions on pimping. The author juxtaposes the widespread practice of "prostitution pursuant to written contract" with legislation targeting male prostitutes functioning as governmental leaders, and explores the seemingly contradictory phenomena of extensive sexual exploitation of slave prostitutes (male and female) coexisting with Athenian society's pride in its legislative protection of slaves and minors against sexual outrage.



Show more








Athenian Prostitution
The Business of Sex
Edward E. Cohen


Table of Contents

INTRODUCTIONCHAPTER 1: APHRODITÊ'S WORKERS IN DEMOCRATIC ATHENSCHAPTER 2: PROSTITUTION AS A LIBERAL PROFESSIONCHAPTER 3: (COMMERCIAL) SEX AND THE CITY: RESTRICTIONS ON PROSTITUTES AS POLITICAL LEADERS CHAPTER 4: CHAPTER 5: BEYOND LEGALIZATION: LAWS AFFECTING PROSTITUTESCHAPTER 6: MOTHERS AND DAUGHTERS IN A FAMILY BUSINESS CHAPTER 7: THE COSTS, AND REWARDS, OF SEXUAL SERVICEBIBLIOGRAPHYINDEX








Athenian Prostitution
The Business of Sex
Edward E. Cohen


Author Information

Edward E. Cohen is Professor of Classical Studies and Ancient History (Adjunct) at the University of Pennsylvania.














Athenian Prostitution
The Business of Sex
Edward E. Cohen


Reviews and Awards

A Choice Outstanding Academic Title'



"Cohen's book is an excellent study with a focus on the practical aspects of prostitution and a careful weighing of the available evidence. Anyone with an interest in ancient sex work, and with enough of a background in ancient Greece, will find this book extremely useful."--Stephanie Lynn Budin, American Historical Review
"This book is an excellent introduction to the topic of Athenian prostitution and will inevitably provide much fodder for discussion. It should be read by all students and scholars interested in Greek sex, law, and the economy."--Deborah Kamen, CJ-Online
"And then there's Athenian Prostitution: The Business of Sex by polymath University of Pennsylvania professor Edward E. Cohen (Oxford University Press, $74), a convincing picture of a trade where women were often the tight-fisted, class-conscious, and successful purveyors of companionship and sexual service."--Joe DiStefano, Philadelphia Inquirer
"Every new book by Edward E. Cohen is an event and Athenian Prostitution is no exception to the rule. The originality of this work is to offer an unprecedented economic approach to the question of prostitution in fourth-century BCE Athens. Among others, it reveals that citizens, and not slaves only, could be prostitutes, despite the social opprobrium attached to this activity. The book thus exposes an aspect of ancient Athenian society that has been completely neglected so far. Well written, with many colorful and striking passages, from beginning to end the book proves to be a fascinating reading."--Alain Bresson, The University of Chicago
"An important and fascinating study of both male and female prostitution in Athens in all its aspects: economic, legal, social, and ideological. Athenian Prostitution should be read by anyone interested in the ancient economy, Athenian social history, ancient law, and the history of sexuality."--Adriaan Lanni, Harvard Law School
"Although the cultural aspects of prostitution in ancient Greece have been well covered by others, Cohen attempts to explore its commercial aspects via bold, fresh scholarshipEL. Taking a sensitive topic into a new scholarly direction marks Cohen's work as an important addition to the field of antiquity. Essential."-Choice
"Although the cultural aspects of prostitution in ancient Greece have been well covered by others, Cohen attempts to explore its commercial aspects via bold, fresh scholarship. Taking a sensitive topic into a new scholarly direction marks Cohen's work as an important addition to the field of antiquity. Essential."--CHOICE
"An authoritative study, highly recommended for its clear writing, depth of analysis and density of interest...Cohen brilliantly demonstrates how prostitution infiltrated all aspects of Greek culture." --Times Literary Supplement









Share:









 









Also of Interest




  


The Roman Historical Tradition
 James H. Richardson and Federico Santangelo 
 


  


Making Noise, Making News
 Mary Chapman 
 


  


The Rule of Law in Action in Democratic Athens
 Edward M. Harris 
 


  


The Roman Historical Tradition
 James H. Richardson and Federico Santangelo 
 


  


Making Marriage Modern
 Christina Simmons 
 


  


Taken at the Flood
 Robin Waterfield 
 


  


The Goggam Chronicle
 


  


The Course of Mexican History
Tenth Edition
 Michael C. Meyer, William L. Sherman, and Susan M. Deeds 
 


  


The Oxford Handbook of Roman Law and Society
 Paul J du Plessis, Clifford Ando, and Kaius Tuori 
 


  


The Age of Titans
 William M. Murray 
 


  


How Sex Became a Civil Liberty
 Leigh Ann Wheeler 
 


  


Roman Law Essentials
 Craig Anderson 
 


  


New Frontiers
First Edition
 Paul J. du Plessis 
 


  


Stripping Gypsy
 Noralee Frankel 
 


  


By the Spear
 Ian Worthington 
 


  


The Oxford Handbook of the Archaeology and Anthropology of Hunter-Gatherers
 Vicki Cummings, Peter Jordan, and Marek Zvelebil 
 





Related Categories
 Arts & Humanities > History > History by Period > Ancient History (Non-Classical To 500 CE)  Arts & Humanities > History > History of Gender & Sexuality  Arts & Humanities > Classical Studies > Greek & Roman Law  











About Us
Careers
Connect
Contact Us
News
Rights & Permissions




 Gateways

Oxford English Dictionary
Oxford Dictionaries
 
Oxford Index
 
English Language Teaching
OUP Worldwide
 
University of Oxford
 
 Categories

Arts & Humanities
Dictionaries & Reference
Law
Medicine & Health
Science & Mathematics
Social Sciences
 
Journals
Higher Education
 
Online Resources
Series
 
 Resources

Authors
Booksellers
Instructors
Librarians
Press
Publisher Services
Researchers
Societies
Sponsors & Advertisers 
Students
 
 Customer Services

Contact Us
Help
Join Our Email List
Examination Copies
Ordering 
Shipping
Returns
 



Oxford University Press is a department of the University of Oxford. It furthers the University's objective of excellence in research, scholarship, and education by publishing worldwide.






Copyright © Oxford University Press 2015 


Privacy Policy
 | 
Cookie Policy
 | 
Legal Notice
 | 
Site Index
 | 
Accessibility









Sex, Drugs & Power Tools -  Edward  Lee - 9781889186221 | HPB









HPBYour favorite local bookstore.Everywhere.ClickSign up / Log inHelp0Your cartLooks like there are no items in here.  Start shopping now and add treasures to your cart. If you have items saved in your cart, sign in to your account to pick up where you left off. Sign in to your accountBrowse Best SellersBooks Popular subjectsYoung Adult FictionChildren's FictionReligionHistoryBiography & AutobiographySee All CategoriesCustomer favoritesBestsellersNew ReleasesBox SetsStaff PicksHPB BlogSuperbuysUnder $10Under $5Under $4Under $3Under $2Under $1Must HaveThe Hottest Book This WeekShop BestsellersMovies & TV Popular subjectsFamilyWesternsTelevision: HBOAction/AdventureTelevision: SeriesDramaTelevision: BBCComedyChildren's VideoCustomer favoritesBest selling moviesNew releasesBlu RayBooks turned into moviesKids and familyAnimeBoxed SetsSuperbuysUnder $5Under $4Under $3Under $2Under $1Good for a LaughThe Top Comedy of the WeekShop ComediesMusic Popular subjectsSoul/R&BPopular MusicFictionJuvenile Grades 4-6 Ages 9-11Country & WesternJazz MusicAudio Books on Tape-CDRomance/ModernDiet & NutritionCustomer favoritesBest selling musicNew releasesBest selling vinylKids and familyMovie soundtracksBoxed setsSuperbuysUnder $5Under $4Under $3Under $2Under $1Teen under $5Kids under $5New TunesThe Top Album of the WeekShop New MusicTextbooks Popular subjectsInternational EditionsSell Us Your TextbooksHomeschoolStudy GuidesCliffs NotesCareerRare Finds BooksSigned BooksFirst EditionsBoxed SetsBrowse Rare FindsMoviesCollectors EditionsBoxed SetsVinylPre 19501950-19541955-19591960-19641965-19691970-NowSuperbuysRare under $10Rare under $5New treasures on our shelvesStart collecting todayShop Rare FindsGift Cards Our StorySign up for our mailing list  and  save! JOIN THE LISTClickFIND A STOREfirst editionSex, Drugs & Power Toolsby  Edward  Lee (2002)Description: First Edition.  Published by Necro Pubns 2002 Near Fine Condition. Minor soiling along the top edge. Signed copy, numbered copy 42 of 300.   In our Southpark Meadows store.Dimensions: Octavo (5.5 x 8.5 and 6 x 9.5) Dust jacket condition: Near Fine   Description: HardbackCondition: Used - Fine/Like NewHPB condition ratingsNew: Item is brand new, unused and unmarked, in flawless condition.Fine/Like New (F): No defects, little usage. May show remainder marks. Older books may show minor flaws.Very Good (VG): Shows some signs of wear and is no longer fresh. Attractive. Used textbooks do not come with supplemental materials.Good (G): Average used book with all pages present. Possible loose bindings, highlighting, cocked spine or torn dust jackets. Used textbooks do not come with supplemental materials.Fair (FR): Obviously well-worn, but no text pages missing. May be without endpapers or title page. Markings do not interfere with readability. Used textbooks do not come with supplemental materials.Poor (P): All text is legible but may be soiled and have binding defects. Reading copies and binding copies fall into this category. Used textbooks do not come with supplemental materials.Conditions GuideFormat: --Date: 2002Listing Date: 06/23/2017Sold By: HPB Southpark MeadowsShips From: TX, United StatesAvailable Quantity: 1HPB pick - In stockUsed - Fine/Like New$50.00 + $3.99 est. shippingAdd to CartSee all available copies×




Sexy Miss Edward Scissorhands Costume - Sexy Horror Costumes





























Accessibility Information
Skip to Main Content
Skip to Primary Navigation










Your Account



24/7
Customer Service


Track Your Order



Select display currency
$CAD
$USD
£GBP
$AUD
€EUR
$NZD





Your Trusted Source for Year-Round Costumes and Accessories







Mobile Navigation







Shopping Cart











Go












Themes

Womens

Mens

Girls

Boys

Accessories

Props & Decorations

Holidays

Sale






$4.99 Flat Rate Economy Shipping!







Home


Themes


TV & Movies


Womens Miss Edward ScissorHands Sexy Costume








Item #R889844
Womens Miss Edward ScissorHands Sexy Costume




$43.11



Reg.
$59.99




There are no reviews for this product
Be the first to write a review!












Share:

Share on Facebook
Tweet on Twitter
+1 on Google+
Pin it on Pinterest
Share by Email






Includes:

Dress
Pair Of Scissor Hands
1 Glovelette
Choker
Belt
Wig
Thigh Highs And Boots Not Included

See Full Details






View Size Charts
Select A Size:


0-2



2-6



6-10



10-14





Ships Today!
Estimate Delivery






Quantity:




Add to Cart








Add to Wish List


Share:

Share on Facebook
Tweet on Twitter
+1 on Google+
Pin it on Pinterest
Share by Email


View Full Information



Product Description
Edward Scissorhands is an artificial boy created by an inventor in the classic movie of the same name. The Women's Miss Edward Scissorhands Sexy Costume is a twist on that character. The costume comes with a female dress version of Edward Scissorhands' outfit. It's short and black with faux leather details. It also comes with a black choker, a black faux leather belt, a wild black wig, and glovelettes. It also comes, of course, with Edward Scissorhands most prominent and unusual feature: scissors for hands. These gloves make you look like you have scissors instead of fingers. Because Edward had no fingers, only sharp scissors, his clothing was shredded. The dress in this costume looks shredded, and you can purchase ripped stockings from us as well. We also sell boots that would be perfect for this costume. Wear this sexy and unusual costume to any Halloween party and turn some heads.
Additional Information



Product Number:
R889844


Care Instructions:
Hand Wash In Cold Water, Hang To Dry, Do Not Use Bleach


Material:
100% Polyester


Gender:
F






You May Also Like





Quick View



Sexy Women's Darth Vader Costume


$57.51



Reg.
$79.99




View Details








Quick View



Sexy Women's Gamora Costume


$35.91
– $37.99



Reg.
$49.99




View Details








Quick View



Sexy Women's Lethal Beauty Costume


$39.51



Reg.
$54.99





















5.0 out of 5 stars


(2)

View Details








Quick View


Sale



Sexy Beetlejuice Women's Costume


$23.31



Reg.
$51.99




View Details








Quick View



Sexy Batman Arkham City Harley Quinn Women's Costume


$50.31



Reg.
$69.99





















4.8 out of 5 stars


(5)

View Details








Quick View



Katniss Everdeen The Hunger Games Mockingjay Women's Costume


$46.71
– $47.61



Reg.
$64.99




View Details








Quick View



Sexy Batman The Dark Knight Rises Catwoman Women's Costume


$35.91



Reg.
$48.99




View Details








Quick View



Collectors Edition Catwoman Costume for Women


$187.11



Reg.
$259.99




View Details







Customers Also Purchased






Quick View



Black Patent Lace Up Boots


$34.11
– $35.91



Reg.
$46.99 – $49.99





















5.0 out of 5 stars


(2)

View Details








Quick View



Grand Heritage Edward Scissorhands Adult


$143.91



Reg.
$199.99







Add to Cart









Quick View



Sexy Women's Darth Vader Costume


$57.51



Reg.
$79.99




View Details








Quick View



Sexy Women's Gamora Costume


$35.91
– $37.99



Reg.
$49.99




View Details








Quick View



Sexy Women's Lethal Beauty Costume


$39.51



Reg.
$54.99





















5.0 out of 5 stars


(2)

View Details








Quick View


Sale



Sexy Beetlejuice Women's Costume


$23.31



Reg.
$51.99




View Details








Quick View



Sexy Batman Arkham City Harley Quinn Women's Costume


$50.31



Reg.
$69.99





















4.8 out of 5 stars


(5)

View Details








Quick View



Katniss Everdeen The Hunger Games Mockingjay Women's Costume


$46.71
– $47.61



Reg.
$64.99




View Details







Top of Page






Additional Information


Product Number:
R889844


Care Instructions:
Hand Wash In Cold Water, Hang To Dry, Do Not Use Bleach


Material:
100% Polyester


Gender:
F











Stay in Costume!

Sign up for special offers, new arrivals, DIY Tips & more!






Sign Up





Contact us
We're Here to Help!


605-271-7875

Track Your Order

Email Us



About Us
 Company Information
 Affiliate Program
Customer Care
 Contact Us
 Privacy & Security
 Terms of Use
My Account
My Wishlist
Shipping & Returns
 Shipping Information
 Return Policy
 Track your order



Stay Connected

Visit us on Facebook

Follow us on Twitter

Follow us on Pinterest

+1 on Google+

See us on YouTube







Copyright © 2017 AnytimeCostumes.com
Terms of Use
Return Policy

Top of Page















Police wind up Sir Edward Heath sex abuse inquiry

































































































































































ALL SECTIONS









News










































Police wind up Sir Edward Heath sex abuse inquiry





































































Sir Edward Heath in 1964

Credit:
 Harry Todd/Fox Photos/Getty Images















The £1  million police investigation into allegations that Sir Edward Heath was a paedophile is being wound up amid claims it has found no evidence to justify tarnishing the former prime minister’s reputation.
Private investigators hired by police to help conduct the inquiry have been told contracts are not being renewed, according to sources.
The inquiry, codenamed Operation Conifer, will be closed in the coming weeks, but the report on its findings will remain confidential.
Friends of Sir Edward insisted that the Wiltshire police inquiry had found no evidence to implicate the Conservative politician. 















Supt Sean Memory making his appeal for victims outside Heath's home








They said the nature of questions put to former members of staff and sailing friends were so lacking in detail that it suggested an absence of hard evidence.
The investigation began in August 2015 when Supt Sean Memory, standing outside Sir Edward’s former home in Salisbury, launched an appeal for victims to come forward. He is now on long-term sick leave.
A well-placed source said investigators, mostly retired detectives, hired a year ago on 12-month contracts had been told they were not being renewed.
“The inquiry is coming to an end. The contracts are up and have not been renewed even though there was an option to do that,” said the source.
Chief Constable Mike Veale will come under pressure to resign if his force fails to justify the investigation. Reports claimed he believed “120 per cent” the former prime minister was guilty.















Sir Edward at his former home, Arundells, in 1999

Credit:
Mike Lawn / Rex Features









Lord Armstrong, the former Cabinet secretary and Sir Edward’s principal private secretary from 1970 to 1974, said: “I simply don’t understand how the Chief Constable got himself into such a position. Some of the lines of inquiry they are pursuing are absolutely ludicrous.









“They have interviewed former staff at No  10 and asked them if they were ever aware of young men slipping in and out of 10 Downing Street. It’s absurd. You couldn’t slip in or out. There was a door with a policeman on it.”
Anthony Churchill, who crewed with the Tory leader on his racing yacht Morning Cloud, said: “If the police chief thinks it is 120 per cent likely that Edward Heath was a paedophile, then the crew of Morning Cloud would say it is 140 per cent certain he was not.”















Chief Constable Mike Veale reportedly claimed he believed “120 per cent” the former prime minister was guilty








A spokesman for Wiltshire Police said of the final report: “Our approach to public confidence is to be as open and transparent as possible, and at the conclusion of the police investigation, the force will take advice as to what we can legally put in to the public domain.”
Mr Veale denied having stated a view on Sir Edward’s guilt. He said: “Our role is to objectively and proportionately go where the evidence takes us. Further, those who choose to continue to comment on this case whilst not in possession of the facts ultimately may serve to unfairly damage both the reputation of Sir Edward Heath and/or those who have disclosed abuse.”





Timeline: Edward Heath











































Follow Telegraph News










Follow on Facebook











Follow on Twitter











Follow on Instagram










READ MORE ABOUT:


Abuse


Wiltshire Police


Wiltshire


Police


Show more








Show comments




If you would like to add a comment, please register or log in


Register
Log in


Please review our commenting policy
































Follow Telegraph News










Follow on Facebook











Follow on Twitter











Follow on Instagram





































Galleries












Gallery




28 Jul 2017,
5:42pm


Gallery: Telegraph cartoons, July 2017











Gallery




28 Jul 2017,
7:02am


Gallery: Pictures of the Day: 28 July 2017











Gallery




27 Jul 2017,
5:00pm


Gallery: EyeEm announces 2017 Photography Awards finalists 










News latest
















28 Jul 2017,
7:40pm



Charlie Gard's death prompts outpouring of grief around the world: 'Heaven has its newest angel'
















28 Jul 2017,
7:37pm



White House at war: Now Reince Priebus prepares his next move
















28 Jul 2017,
7:35pm



Comment: God bless little Charlie. Your short life brought out the best in us


Tim Stanley

Premium
















Gallery




28 Jul 2017,
7:33pm


Gallery: The best TV shows of 2017 (so far)















28 Jul 2017,
7:31pm



Donald Trump uses MS-13 gang violence in Long Island to push for deportations
















28 Jul 2017,
7:11pm



Uzbekistan confirms it holds ex-president's daughter in custody
















28 Jul 2017,
7:04pm



Comment: Israel and Palestine are just a few rash moves away from a Third Intifada


Stephen Pollard

Premium















03:54













28 Jul 2017,
7:03pm



Charlie Gard dies: A look back at his parent's struggle to save him
















28 Jul 2017,
6:56pm



Charlie Gard: The tragic case of a too short life
















28 Jul 2017,
6:52pm



Natural History Museum changes dinosaur display after 10-year-old points out mistake












03:54













28 Jul 2017,
6:24pm



Who is Charlie Gard, what is the disease he suffered from and what happened in the court case?
















28 Jul 2017,
6:15pm



Charlie Gard dies: Baby's life-support withdrawn in hospice as parents 'denied final wish'
















28 Jul 2017,
6:15pm



Comment: Inside Trump's White House Part V: The retired generals holding the isolationists at bay – for now


Rob Crilly

Premium




















28 Jul 2017,
6:10pm



Comment: Forget the steroids, boys. They'll never make you interesting


Rowan Pelling

Premium




















28 Jul 2017,
5:55pm



Comment: We must not let the Remainers fudge Brexit – it would cost us a good deal


Charles Moore

Premium
















00:56













28 Jul 2017,
5:50pm



Pakistan court disqualifies Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif over corruption allegations
















28 Jul 2017,
5:48pm



Kremlin orders US to cut 'hundreds' of Russia staff and seizes two properties in retaliation over sanctions












06:32













28 Jul 2017,
5:45pm



5x5 bulletin for Friday 28 July: Listen to today's essential news from the Telegraph












Gallery




28 Jul 2017,
5:42pm


Gallery: Telegraph cartoons, July 2017















28 Jul 2017,
5:35pm



Soham murders: Why did Ian Huntley kill Holly Wells and Jessica Chapman?












Gallery




28 Jul 2017,
5:31pm


Gallery: Celebrity Big Brother 2017: has the line-up finally been confirmed?






































We've noticed you're adblocking.
We rely on advertising to help fund our award-winning journalism.
We urge you to turn off your ad blocker for The Telegraph website so that you can continue to access our quality content in the future.
Thank you for your support.

Need help?
Click here for instructions 

Close






