

Marilyn R. Seymann Ph.D.: Executive Profile & Biography - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 23, 2017 11:07 PM ET
Professional Services

Company Overview of M ONE, Inc.



SnapshotPeople 




OverviewBoard MembersCommittees



Executive Profile
Marilyn R. Seymann Ph.D.President and Chief Executive Officer , M ONE, Inc.AgeTotal Calculated CompensationThis person is connected to 4 Board Members in 4 different organizations across 8 different industries.See Board Relationships74--
Background

		Dr. Marilyn R. Seymann, Ph.D., has been the President and Chief Executive Officer of M One Inc., a management, risk and information systems consulting firm for financial institutions since 1991. From 1990 to 1991, Dr. Seymann served as Managing Director of Arthur Andersen & Co. Prior to 1990, she served as an Executive Vice President of the Chase Bank of Arizona. She has been an Interim Chairman of Northwestern Corp. since January 2003. From 1990 to 1993, Dr. Seymann ... served as Vice Chairman of the Federal Housing Finance Board (formerly the Federal Home Loan Bank Board). She has been a Director of Beverly Enterprises Inc., a provider of nursing home and rehabilitative care since 1995. She has been a Director of EOS International Inc. since August 2003 and is a Member of Nominating and Compensation Committees. She has been a Director of Provide Commerce Inc. since October 5, 2004. She serves as a Director of True North Communications, Inc. since January 1999. She serves as a Director of Draupnir LLC. Dr. Seymann serves on the boards of Telesphere Corporation. She served as a Director of MAXIMUS, Inc. from April 2002 to January 1, 2017. Previously, she served on the boards of American Tool Company. She served as a Director of Northwestern Corp., a provider of diversified energy, telecommunications and related services, since 2000. She served as an Independent Director of Bally Total Fitness Holding Corp. since May 17, 2005 until August 12, 2005. She served as a Director of Claremont Technology Group Inc. since 1997. She served as a Director at Community First Bankshares Inc., a financial institution since 1998. She is a member of both the faculty and the Blue Ribbon Commission of the National Association of Corporate Directors. A leading corporate governance consultant, Dr. Seymann is the author of numerous articles on corporate governance, technology and strategy and a co-author of the book The Governance Game. She also has served as Associate Dean of the College of Business at Arizona State University and Chief of Staff to Arizona Governor Bruce Babbitt. Dr. Seymann holds a B.A. from Brandeis University, an M.A. from Columbia University and a Ph.D. from California Western University.Read Full Background




Corporate Headquarters
2813 East Camelback RoadPhoenix, Arizona 85016United StatesPhone: 602-957-7479Fax: 602-957-4925
Board Members Memberships
1995-PresentDirectorBeverly and Golden Living Centers1999-PresentDirectorTrue North Communications, Inc.2003-PresentDirectorEOS International, Inc.2004-PresentDirectorProvide Commerce, Inc.
Education
MA Columbia UniversityBA Brandeis UniversityPhD California Western University
Other Affiliations
Community First Bankshares Inc.Claremont Technology Group, Inc.Northwestern CorporationMAXIMUS, Inc.Beverly and Golden Living CentersTrue North Communications, Inc.Bally Total Fitness Holding CorporationEOS International, Inc.Columbia UniversityBrandeis UniversityCalifornia Western UniversityProvide Commerce, Inc.


Annual Compensation
				There is no Annual Compensation data available.
				Stocks Options
				There is no Stock Options data available.
				Total Compensation
				There is no Total Compensation data available.
			



Request Profile Update
















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



COMPETITOR COMPENSATIONThere is no Competitor Compensation data available.










Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact M ONE, Inc., please visit .  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close


























Marilyn R. Seymann, Board Dir., Provide Commerce Inc.














A publisher of Business Information since 1983   
  





 


   

Search Business Search Executive 
  Advanced Search 




  

Sign In  |  Hints 









Profile of Marilyn Seymann 





 


Marilyn Seymann

 

Board Dir. - Provide Commerce Inc.

 


Marilyn Seymann Email :
Please login 

 

Company Name : 
Provide Commerce Inc. 

 

Company Website : 
www.prvd.com 

 

Company Address : 
5005 Wateridge Vista Dr., San Diego, CA,United States, 


 


Marilyn Seymann Profile :
Board Dir. - Provide Commerce Inc. 

 


Marilyn Seymann Biography :


Marilyn R. Seymann, Ph.D. joined our board of directors in October 2004. Dr. Seymann is currently associate dean of the College of Law at Arizona State University. Prior to July 2005, she was president and chief executive officer of M One, Inc., a management and governance consulting firm. Dr. Seymann had been with M One since 1991. She is a director of EOS International, a direct selling company, and presently serves on the boards of directors of the following publicly traded companies: Maximus, Inc., a government services company; and Beverly Enterprises, Inc., a health care company. Dr. Seymann holds a Ph.D. from California Western University, an M.A. from Columbia University and a B.A. from Brandeis University. 

 


Marilyn Seymann Colleagues :





Name 
Title 
Email 


Jonathan Sills 
VP, Strategy, Product Development 
Please login 


Rex Bosen 
VP, Finance, Accounting 
Please login 


Mark Sottosanti 
Sr. VP, Planning, Logistics 
Please login 


Joseph Kennedy 
Board Dir. 
Please login 


David Dangoor 
Board Dir. 
Please login 













            Home  |  About Us  |  Product Information   |  Subscription  |  List Builder   |  Executive List   |  Email Lists   |  Contact Us  |  Site Map  |  Browse Directory    





 

� 2009, Walkers's Research - A publisher of Business Information since 1983, All Rights Reserved.






Insider Trading - Seymann Marilyn R - Form 4 SEC Filings












Home |
Archives |
Products |
About |
Contact |
FAQ |



New User?
Sign Up | 
Sign In









Form 4 Filings


Insider Buys


Significant Buys


Penny StocksInsider Buying


Insider Sales




Insider Buy Sell Ratios


Stock Options


Insider TradingStock Screener


Insider TradingGraph View


Insider Watch





Sec Filings Insider Trading - Seymann Marilyn R





Select Time period: 
1 Month
2 Months
3 Months
6 Months
1 Year
2 Years
3 Years
4 Years
All Data
 

     



google

   



yahoo!



Send this page to:  

Blog
  



Digg

  



Reddit

  



Facebook

  



Stumble

  



del.icio.us








Enter Stock Ticker Symbol or Cik:




Cik Lookup...






Search By Company or Insider Name:







"Insiders might sell their shares for any number of reasons, but they buy them for only one:
they think the price will rise"
- Peter Lynch ==>>

What is insider trading>>



Email a friend >>...







Historical filings delayed by 6 months. New user?
Sign Up for real time data.
Existing user?
Sign In

Common stock purchase or sale:



TransactionDate
ReportedDate
Company
Symbol
InsiderRelationship
SharesTraded
AveragePrice
TotalAmount
SharesOwned
Filing




2015-03-16Sale
2015-03-1712:47 pm
Maximus Inc
MMS
Seymann Marilyn RDirector
2,802
$63
$176,526
87,189(Direct)
View


2015-02-17Sale
2015-02-1811:42 am
Maximus Inc
MMS
Seymann Marilyn RDirector
2,806
$59.6
$167,238
86,737(Direct)
View




Stock options: Exercise, Award, Grant, Conversion



TransactionDate
ReportedDate
ExercisableExpiration
Company
Symnbol
InsiderRelationship
SharesTraded
ConversionPrice
SharesOwned
Filing




2016-11-30Option Award
2016-12-022:31 pm
N/AN/A
Maximus Inc
MMS
Seymann Marilyn RDirector
12
$0
14,684(Direct)
View


2016-08-31Option Award
2016-09-0211:45 am
N/AN/A
Maximus Inc
MMS
Seymann Marilyn RDirector
11
$0
14,672(Direct)
View


2016-05-31Option Award
2016-06-015:33 pm
N/AN/A
Maximus Inc
MMS
Seymann Marilyn RDirector
11
$0
14,661(Direct)
View


2016-03-16Option Award
2016-03-172:28 pm
N/AN/A
Maximus Inc
MMS
Seymann Marilyn RDirector
6,095
$51.68
6,095(Direct)
View


2016-02-29Option Award
2016-03-022:36 pm
N/AN/A
Maximus Inc
MMS
Seymann Marilyn RDirector
9
$0
10,268(Direct)
View


2015-11-30Option Award
2015-12-013:13 pm
N/AN/A
Maximus Inc
MMS
Seymann Marilyn RDirector
8
$0
10,258(Direct)
View


2015-08-31Option Award
2015-09-013:01 pm
N/AN/A
Maximus Inc
MMS
Seymann Marilyn RDirector
8
$0
10,250(Direct)
View


2015-05-29Option Award
2015-06-014:41 pm
N/AN/A
Maximus Inc
MMS
Seymann Marilyn RDirector
7
$0
10,243(Direct)
View


2015-03-11Option Award
2015-03-123:59 pm
N/AN/A
Maximus Inc
MMS
Seymann Marilyn RDirector
3,670
$61.3
3,670(Direct)
View


2015-02-27Option Award
2015-03-0311:55 am
N/AN/A
Maximus Inc
MMS
Seymann Marilyn RDirector
7
$0
9,820(Direct)
View









    © 2005-2017 SecForm4.Com All rights reserved.
    Archives:
    2017 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 ... 
    Sun, 23 Jul 2017 22:07:38 -0500
  

    SEC is the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. EDGAR is a trademark of the SEC.
    SecForm4.Com is not affiliated with or approved by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC).
Terms of Use |
    Privacy Statement |
  











Marilyn R Seymann - Flagstaff, AZ | Intelius



























Sign In



We found Marilyn R Seymann in Flagstaff, AZ


Marilyn R Seymann

                                                                                       Intelius found that Marilyn R Seymann  is  a female between 70 and 80 years old from Flagstaff, AZ.  We have connected them to
                13 addresses,
                7 phones,
                and 4 relatives or associates.
         





Also Known As

Marilyn Trust Seymann


Get Report Now

Age

Marilyn R Seymann is in her 70s

Marilyn Has Lived In

Flagstaff, AZ
San Diego, CA
Tempe, AZ

Marilyn's Relatives

Jeffrey Gilbert
Scott Seymann
Colette Seymann
Gregory Seymann







Marilyn R Seymann



Zodiac SignSagittarius



GenderFemale



Professional Status
CEO and Chair at IIA College



Get Report Now










Want to know more about Marilyn? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about Marilyn, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on Marilyn R Seymann
Get a Criminal Check on Marilyn R Seymann
Get a Public Record Report on Marilyn R Seymann
Get a People Search Report on Marilyn R Seymann


Marilyn R Seymann's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where Marilyn R Seymann has lived as well as Marilyn R Seymann's phone numbers and email addresses.




Marilyn R Seymann Has Lived in 2 States
Arizona Address for Marilyn R Seymann


296 D** R****** 

Flagstaff, AZ


Has Lived In

Flagstaff, AZ
San Diego, CA


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with Marilyn R Seymann

(928) ***-**** - Flagstaff, AZ 
(480) ***-**** - Tempe, AZ 
(858) ***-**** - San Diego, CA 


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with Marilyn R Seymann

m*************n@***.edu


Get Email Report




Marilyn R Seymann's Education Information
Known Schools Attended
Learn about Marilyn R Seymann's academic history.  Find out which schools Marilyn R Seymann attended, the dates attended as well as the degrees Marilyn R Seymann received.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Marilyn R Seymann Has Attended 1 School
Lincoln High School 1956 – 1960                              


Marilyn R Seymann's Professional Information
Information regarding Marilyn R Seymann's professional history.  Find out previous places Marilyn R Seymann has worked as well as dates employed.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Marilyn R Seymann Has Worked at 2 Places
Company: IIA College
               Title: CEO and Chair
Company: Arizona State University
               Title: Development Officer Senior
Marilyn R Seymann's Experience
Title: CEO and Chair
               Company: IIA College
Job Details

Title: Development Officer Senior
               Company: Arizona State University
Job Details
               Company Size: $1 bil and above - Employee Range: 5,000 to less than 25,000. ASU's School of Life Sciences is an academic unit of the College of Liberal Arts and Sciences. Arizona State University is the largest public research university in the United States under a single administration, with total student enrollment of more than 70,000 in metropolitan Phoenix, the nation's sixth-largest city. ASU is creating a new model for American higher education, an unprecedented combination of academic excellence, entrepreneurial energy and broad access. This New American University is a single, unified institution comprising four differentiated campuses positively impacting the economic, social, cultural and environmental health of the communities it serves. Its research is inspired by real-world application, blurring the boundaries that traditionally separate academic disciplines. ASU champions intellectual and cultural diversity, and welcomes students from all 50 states and more than 120 nations.
Additional Professional Information on Marilyn R Seymann

 See Marilyn R Seymann's LinkedIn Profile



Marilyn R Seymann's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for Marilyn R Seymann


Marilyn R Seymann's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of Marilyn R Seymann's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
Marilyn Seymann
Username Matches

                  MarilynSeymann
                  SeymannMarilyn
                  Marilyn.Seymann
                  Seymann.Marilyn
                  Marilyn_Seymann
                  Seymann_Marilyn
                  Marilyn-Seymann
                  Seymann-Marilyn
                  MSeymann
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
M Seymann







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.











Marilyn R. Seymann, Board Dir., Maximus Inc.














A publisher of Business Information since 1983   
  





 


   

Search Business Search Executive 
  Advanced Search 




  

Sign In  |  Hints 









Profile of Marilyn Seymann 





 


Marilyn Seymann

 

Board Dir. - Maximus Inc.

 


Marilyn Seymann Email :
Please login 

 

Company Name : 
Maximus Inc. 

 

Company Website : 
www.maximus.com 

 

Company Address : 
11419 Sunset Hills Rd., Reston, VA,United States, 


 


Marilyn Seymann Profile :
Board Dir. - Maximus Inc. 

 


Marilyn Seymann Biography :


Marilyn R. Seymann, Director, has served as one of our directors since her election in April 2002. Dr. Seymann is currently President and Chief Executive Officer of M One, Inc., a management risk and information systems consulting firm specializing in the financial services industry. She has been with M One since 1991. Dr. Seymann holds a B.A. from Brandeis University, an M.A. from Columbia University, and a Ph.D. from California Western University. She is a director of Beverly Enterprises, Inc., Community First Bankshares, Inc., and NorthWestern Corporation. 

 


Marilyn Seymann Colleagues :





Name 
Title 
Email 


John Boyer 
Pres. - Federal Services 
Please login 


Bruce Caswell 
Pres. - Operations Segment 
Please login 


Paul Lederer 
Board Dir. 
Please login 


David Francis 
General Counsel, Sec. 
Please login 


Richard Montoni 
Board Dir., CEO, Pres. 
Please login 













            Home  |  About Us  |  Product Information   |  Subscription  |  List Builder   |  Executive List   |  Email Lists   |  Contact Us  |  Site Map  |  Browse Directory    





 

� 2009, Walkers's Research - A publisher of Business Information since 1983, All Rights Reserved.



 



Marilyn Seymann Steps Down from Bally Total Fitness Board of Directors | Business Wire
























































Marilyn Seymann Steps Down from Bally Total Fitness Board of Directors






August 12, 2005 05:05 PM Eastern Daylight Time



				CHICAGO--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Aug. 12, 2005--Bally Total Fitness Holding Corporation (NYSE:BFT) announced today that Marilyn Seymann will step down from the Board of Directors, effective today. Dr. Seymann, who was appointed to the Board in May of this year, cited her new position as Associate Dean of Arizona State University Law School as the reason for her departure.  "Bally Total Fitness and its shareholders deserve directors with more time than I can currently commit to support the turnaround plan in progress. When I accepted the position of director at Bally, I had not yet begun my new responsibilities as Associate Dean. I am concerned about my ability to devote the necessary time to Bally given this new job and my other responsibilities," said Dr. Seymann. "I accepted the position on the Board because I wanted to contribute to the turnaround at Bally, and while I regret the need to depart after a short period, I feel confident that the Company is on the right path and has a strong plan that Paul has developed and will be implemented under his leadership." 

 "Although Marilyn's tenure on the Board was relatively short, we thank her for her contributions and her service to the Company," said Chairman and CEO Paul Toback. "We wish Marilyn well in her new position, and we know that Arizona State University Law School will benefit from her leadership."  About Bally Total Fitness  Bally Total Fitness is the largest and only nationwide commercial operator of fitness centers, with approximately four million members and 440 facilities located in 29 states, Mexico, Canada, Korea, China and the Caribbean under the Bally Total Fitness(R), Crunch Fitness(SM), Gorilla Sports(SM), Pinnacle Fitness(R), Bally Sports Clubs(R) and Sports Clubs of Canada(R) brands. With an estimated 150 million annual visits to its clubs, Bally offers a unique platform for distribution of a wide range of products and services targeted to active, fitness-conscious adult consumers.  Forward-looking statements in this release including, without limitation, statements relating to the Company's plans, strategies, objectives, expectations, intentions, and adequacy of resources, are made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties, and other factors that may cause the actual results, performance or achievements of the Company to be materially different from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. These factors include, among others, the following: the existence of reporting covenant defaults under Bally's public indentures, whether Bally can obtain waivers of those defaults from noteholders, and potential cross-defaults under Bally's senior credit facility; the outcome of the SEC and Department of Justice investigations, the review and restatement of previously announced or filed financial results and the costs and expenses associated therewith; the audit of the restated financial statements, including any further delays; the identification of one or more other issues that require restatement of one or more prior period financial statements; the completion and audit of Bally's 2004 financial statements and the completion of Bally's financial statements for the first and second quarters of 2005, including the effect of this or any further delays; the communication by Bally's management and independent auditors of the existence of material weaknesses in internal controls over financial reporting; general economic and business conditions; competition; success of operating initiatives, advertising and promotional efforts; existence of adverse publicity or litigation (including various shareholder litigations) and the outcome thereof and the costs and expenses associated therewith; acceptance of new product and service offerings; changes in business strategy or plans; quality of management; availability, terms, and development of capital; business abilities and judgment of personnel; changes in, or the failure to comply with, government regulations; other than as described above, Bally's ability to remain in compliance with, or obtain waivers under, its loan agreements and indentures; ability to satisfy the Household judgment; ability to maintain existing or obtain new sources of financing, on acceptable terms or at all, to satisfy the Company's cash needs and obligations; and other factors described in prior filings of the Company with the Securities and Exchange Commission.


Contacts
					Bally Total FitnessMatt Messinger, 773-864-6850 orMWW GroupCarreen Winters, 201-507-9500
				
			
















Contacts
			Bally Total FitnessMatt Messinger, 773-864-6850 orMWW GroupCarreen Winters, 201-507-9500
		





 
 

 






Search




Advanced News Search

Advanced News Search













Log In
Sign Up












 



Bally Total Fitness Appoints Two New Directors to Its Board; Marilyn Seymann, Ph.D. and David Wilhelm Are Experts in the Fields of Corporate Governance and Finance | Business Wire


























































Bally Total Fitness Appoints Two New Directors to Its Board; Marilyn Seymann, Ph.D. and David Wilhelm Are Experts in the Fields of Corporate Governance and Finance






May 17, 2005 08:01 AM Eastern Daylight Time



				CHICAGO--(BUSINESS WIRE)--May 17, 2005--Bally Total Fitness Holding Corporation (NYSE: BFT), North America's leader in health and fitness products and services, today announced that its Board of Directors has appointed Marilyn R. Seymann, Ph.D. and David C. Wilhelm as directors of the Company. These appointments bring the number of directors on the Bally Total Fitness Board of Directors from seven to nine.  "Our Board will benefit greatly from these two new people and their strong backgrounds. Marilyn brings a national reputation as a respected authority on corporate governance issues and David has an impressive record as both a business man and a political strategist," said Paul Toback, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Bally Total Fitness. "Both of these professionals will serve us well as independent directors and knowledgeable advisors to the Company." 

 A leading corporate governance consultant, Dr. Seymann is the author of numerous articles on corporate governance, technology and strategy, and a co-author of the book The Governance Game. Dr. Seymann is currently President and CEO of M One, Inc., a consulting firm specializing in strategy and governance consulting for public and private companies. Additionally, she is a Founding Partner of The Directors' Council, a company that helps corporate boards identify and recruit new independent directors. Previously, Dr. Seymann served as a managing director with Arthur Andersen & Co. and Executive Vice President of Chase Bank of Arizona. She also has served as Associate Dean of the College of Business at Arizona State University and Chief of Staff to Arizona Governor Bruce Babbitt.  Dr. Seymann, former chair of the Board of Directors of NorthWestern Corporation, also currently serves on the boards of Beverly Enterprises, Inc. (NYSE: BEV), MAXIMUS (NYSE: MMS), Provide-Commerce (NASDAQ: PRVD), and EOS International (NASADQ: EOSI). Previously, she served on the boards of American Tool Company, True North Communications and Community First Bankshares. She is a member of both the faculty and the Blue Ribbon Commission of the National Association of Corporate Directors.  For more than a decade, David Wilhelm has been a business leader and entrepreneur. He is the founder and president of Woodland Venture Management, a firm that has developed two venture capital funds designed to tap the unrealized potential of high growth businesses in the Appalachian region and the Midwest. He was previously a senior managing director at Kemper Securities.  Mr. Wilhelm's business success builds on his considerable political experience. He was the national manager of Bill Clinton's 1992 presidential campaign and was subsequently named the chair of the Democratic National Committee, becoming the youngest person in American history to hold that post. He has managed or chaired the campaigns of some of the nation's leading political figures, including the late Paul Simon, Richard M. Daley, Joseph Biden and Rod Blagojevich.  Mr. Wilhelm is a lecturer at the University of Chicago and a graduate of Harvard University's Kennedy School of Government. He is the recipient of honorary doctorates from Ohio University and the University of Charleston. He serves on the boards of Children's Memorial Hospital, Christian Century Magazine, the Chicago Project for Violence Prevention, the Illinois Venture Capital Association, and the Chicagoland Entrepreneurship Center.  About Bally Total Fitness  Bally Total Fitness is the largest and only nationwide commercial operator of fitness centers, with approximately four million members and 440 facilities located in 29 states, Mexico, Canada, Korea, China and the Caribbean under the Bally Total Fitness(R), Crunch Fitness(SM), Gorilla Sports(SM), Pinnacle Fitness(R), Bally Sports Clubs(R) and Sports Clubs of Canada(R) brands. With an estimated 150 million annual visits to its clubs, Bally offers a unique platform for distribution of a wide range of products and services targeted to active, fitness-conscious adult consumers.  Forward-looking statements in this release including, without limitation, statements relating to the Company's plans, strategies, objectives, expectations, intentions, and adequacy of resources, are made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties, and other factors that may cause the actual results, performance or achievements of the Company to be materially different from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. These factors include, among others, the following: the outcome of the SEC and Department of Justice investigations and Bally's internal investigation, including review and restatement of its previously announced or filed financial results and the costs and expenses associated therewith; the audit of the restated financial statements; the identification of one or more other issues that require restatement of one or more prior period financial statements; the completion and audit of Bally's 2004 financial statements; the communication by Bally's management and independent auditors of the existence of material weaknesses in internal controls over financial reporting; general economic and business conditions; competition; success of operating initiatives, advertising and promotional efforts; existence of adverse publicity or litigation (including various shareholder litigations) and the outcome thereof and the costs and expenses associated therewith; acceptance of new product and service offerings; changes in business strategy or plans; quality of management; availability, terms, and development of capital; business abilities and judgment of personnel; changes in, or the failure to comply with, government regulations; ability to remain in compliance with, or obtain waivers under, the Company's loan agreements and indentures; and other factors described in prior filings of the Company with the Securities and Exchange Commission.


Contacts
					Bally Total Fitness Matt Messinger, 773-864-6850www.BallyFitness.com orBrunswick GroupFrank De Maria, 212-333-3810
				
			











Contacts
			Bally Total Fitness Matt Messinger, 773-864-6850www.BallyFitness.com orBrunswick GroupFrank De Maria, 212-333-3810
		





 
 

 






Search




Advanced News Search

Advanced News Search













Log In
Sign Up














Marilyn Seymann |  | Decypha

































Sign In
|
Welcome  Guest 









 







Regions

GCC
                                |
                                    Levant
                                |
                                    MENA
                                |
                                    North Africa




GCC

Bahrain
                            |
                            Kuwait
                            |
                            Oman
                            |
                            Qatar
                            |
                            Saudi Arabia
                            |
                            United Arab Emirates




Levant

Iraq
                            |
                            Jordan
                            |
                            Lebanon
                            |
                            Palestine




North Africa

Egypt
                            |
                            Libya
                            |
                            Morocco
                            |
                            Tunisia




Others

Iran
                            |
                            Turkey
                            |
                            United Kingdom
                            |
                            United States












Advanced Search















News






Markets






Companies






Research






Funds






Fixed Income






Money Markets






Commodities






FX






Economics






Analysis






More











Sign In
Membership
Customize Your Decypha
Logout
Welcome
Decypha Alerts












Home




People Profiles




People Profile



Marilyn Seymann Profile














Full Name:

                                                    Marilyn Seymann
                                                







Country:











Biography


                                                    Marilyn R. Seymann has served as one of our directors since 2002. Since 2008 Dr. Seymann has served as President and Chief Executive Officer of M One,... 











Designations




Date
Designation
Entity
Entity Description
Country




2002


Maximus, Inc.

--

--









Check all the  individuals in 
Check The List






Request a Trial
















Title:*


Select
Mr
Mrs
Ms
Miss
Dr
Prof




First Name:*



Last Name:*



Job Title:*


Select
 Asset Managers
 Corporate Banks
 Investment Managers
 Wealth Managers
 Consultants & Advisors
 Legal Practioners
 Academics
 Hedge Funds
 Private Equity Analysts
 Traders
 Equity Research Analysts




Phone:*



Company:*




Email:*




Country:*


Select

                                                Afganistan
                                        

                                                Albania
                                        

                                                Algeria
                                        

                                                American Samoa
                                        

                                                Andorra
                                        

                                                Angola
                                        

                                                Anguilla
                                        

                                                Antarctica
                                        

                                                Antigua and Barbuda
                                        

                                                Argentina
                                        

                                                Armenia
                                        

                                                Aruba
                                        

                                                Australia
                                        

                                                Austria
                                        

                                                Azerbaijan
                                        

                                                Bahamas
                                        

                                                Bahrain
                                        

                                                Bangladesh
                                        

                                                Barbados
                                        

                                                Belarus
                                        

                                                Belgium
                                        

                                                Belize
                                        

                                                Benin
                                        

                                                Bermuda
                                        

                                                Bhutan
                                        

                                                Bolivia
                                        

                                                Bosnia and Herzegovina
                                        

                                                Botswana
                                        

                                                Bouvet Island
                                        

                                                Brazil
                                        

                                                British Indian Ocean Territory
                                        

                                                Brunei
                                        

                                                Bulgaria
                                        

                                                Burkina Faso
                                        

                                                Burundi
                                        

                                                Cambodia
                                        

                                                Cameroon
                                        

                                                Canada
                                        

                                                Cape Verde
                                        

                                                Cayman Islands
                                        

                                                Central African Republic
                                        

                                                Chad
                                        

                                                Chile
                                        

                                                China
                                        

                                                Christmas Island
                                        

                                                Cocos (Keeling) Islands
                                        

                                                Colombia
                                        

                                                Comoros
                                        

                                                Congo
                                        

                                                Cook Islands
                                        

                                                Costa Rica
                                        

                                                Cote D'Ivoire (Ivory Coast)
                                        

                                                Croatia (Hrvatska)
                                        

                                                Cuba
                                        

                                                Curacao
                                        

                                                Cyprus
                                        

                                                Czech Republic
                                        

                                                Czechoslovakia (former)
                                        

                                                Denmark
                                        

                                                Djibouti
                                        

                                                Dominica
                                        

                                                Dominican Republic
                                        

                                                East Timor
                                        

                                                Ecuador
                                        

                                                Egypt
                                        

                                                El Salvador
                                        

                                                Equatorial Guinea
                                        

                                                Eritrea
                                        

                                                Estonia
                                        

                                                Ethiopia
                                        

                                                Falkland Islands (Malvinas)
                                        

                                                Faroe Islands
                                        

                                                Fiji
                                        

                                                Finland
                                        

                                                France
                                        

                                                France, Metropolitan
                                        

                                                French Guiana
                                        

                                                French Polynesia
                                        

                                                French Southern Territories
                                        

                                                Gabon
                                        

                                                Gambia
                                        

                                                Georgia
                                        

                                                Germany
                                        

                                                Ghana
                                        

                                                Gibraltar
                                        

                                                Greece
                                        

                                                Greenland
                                        

                                                Grenada
                                        

                                                Guadeloupe
                                        

                                                Guam
                                        

                                                Guatemala
                                        

                                                Guernsey
                                        

                                                Guinea
                                        

                                                Guinea-Bissau
                                        

                                                Guyana
                                        

                                                Haiti
                                        

                                                Heard and McDonald Islands
                                        

                                                Honduras
                                        

                                                Hong Kong
                                        

                                                Hungary
                                        

                                                Iceland
                                        

                                                India
                                        

                                                Indonesia
                                        

                                                Iran
                                        

                                                Iraq
                                        

                                                Ireland
                                        

                                                Isle of Man
                                        

                                                Israel
                                        

                                                Italy
                                        

                                                Jamaica
                                        

                                                Japan
                                        

                                                Jersey
                                        

                                                Jordan
                                        

                                                Kazakhstan
                                        

                                                Kenya
                                        

                                                Kiribati
                                        

                                                Kuwait
                                        

                                                Kyrgyzstan
                                        

                                                Laos
                                        

                                                Latvia
                                        

                                                Lebanon
                                        

                                                Lesotho
                                        

                                                Liberia
                                        

                                                Libya
                                        

                                                Liechtenstein
                                        

                                                Lithuania
                                        

                                                Luxembourg
                                        

                                                Macau
                                        

                                                Macedonia
                                        

                                                Madagascar
                                        

                                                Malawi
                                        

                                                Malaysia
                                        

                                                Maldives
                                        

                                                Mali
                                        

                                                Malta
                                        

                                                Marshall Islands
                                        

                                                Martinique
                                        

                                                Mauritania
                                        

                                                Mauritius
                                        

                                                Mayotte
                                        

                                                Mexico
                                        

                                                Micronesia
                                        

                                                Moldova
                                        

                                                Monaco
                                        

                                                Mongolia
                                        

                                                Montenegro
                                        

                                                Montserrat
                                        

                                                Morocco
                                        

                                                Mozambique
                                        

                                                Myanmar
                                        

                                                Namibia
                                        

                                                Nauru
                                        

                                                Nepal
                                        

                                                Netherlands
                                        

                                                Netherlands Antilles
                                        

                                                Neutral Zone
                                        

                                                New Caledonia
                                        

                                                New Zealand (Aotearoa)
                                        

                                                Nicaragua
                                        

                                                Niger
                                        

                                                Nigeria
                                        

                                                Niue
                                        

                                                Norfolk Island
                                        

                                                North Korea
                                        

                                                Northern Mariana Islands
                                        

                                                Norway
                                        

                                                Oman
                                        

                                                Pakistan
                                        

                                                Palau
                                        

                                                Palestine
                                        

                                                Panama
                                        

                                                Papua New Guinea
                                        

                                                Paraguay
                                        

                                                Peru
                                        

                                                Philippines
                                        

                                                Pitcairn
                                        

                                                Poland
                                        

                                                Portugal
                                        

                                                Puerto Rico
                                        

                                                Qatar
                                        

                                                Reunion
                                        

                                                Romania
                                        

                                                Russia
                                        

                                                Rwanda
                                        

                                                S. Georgia and S. Sandwich Isls.
                                        

                                                Saint Kitts and Nevis
                                        

                                                Saint Lucia
                                        

                                                Saint Vincent and the Grenadines
                                        

                                                Samoa
                                        

                                                San Marino
                                        

                                                Sao Tome and Principe
                                        

                                                Saudi Arabia
                                        

                                                Senegal
                                        

                                                Serbia
                                        

                                                Seychelles
                                        

                                                Sierra Leone
                                        

                                                Singapore
                                        

                                                Slovak Republic
                                        

                                                Slovenia
                                        

                                                Solomon Islands
                                        

                                                Somalia
                                        

                                                South Africa
                                        

                                                South Korea
                                        

                                                South Sudan
                                        

                                                Spain
                                        

                                                Sri Lanka
                                        

                                                St. Helena
                                        

                                                St. Pierre and Miquelon
                                        

                                                Sudan
                                        

                                                Suriname
                                        

                                                Svalbard and Jan Mayen Islands
                                        

                                                Swaziland
                                        

                                                Sweden
                                        

                                                Switzerland
                                        

                                                Syria
                                        

                                                Taiwan
                                        

                                                Tajikistan
                                        

                                                Tanzania
                                        

                                                Thailand
                                        

                                                Togo
                                        

                                                Tokelau
                                        

                                                Tonga
                                        

                                                Trinidad and Tobago
                                        

                                                Tunisia
                                        

                                                Turkey
                                        

                                                Turkmenistan
                                        

                                                Turks and Caicos Islands
                                        

                                                Tuvalu
                                        

                                                US Minor Outlying Islands
                                        

                                                USSR (former)
                                        

                                                Uganda
                                        

                                                Ukraine
                                        

                                                United Arab Emirates
                                        

                                                United Kingdom
                                        

                                                United States
                                        

                                                Uruguay
                                        

                                                Uzbekistan
                                        

                                                Vanuatu
                                        

                                                Vatican City State (Holy See)
                                        

                                                Venezuela
                                        

                                                Vietnam
                                        

                                                Virgin Islands (British)
                                        

                                                Virgin Islands (U.S.)
                                        

                                                Wallis and Futuna Islands
                                        

                                                Western Sahara
                                        

                                                Yemen
                                        

                                                Yugoslavia
                                        

                                                Zaire
                                        

                                                Zambia
                                        

                                                Zimbabwe
                                        




Comments:





*Required Fields


 

 Submit








Already Registered?








Login attempt was not successful. Please try again








Username/ Email:



Password:





Enter Characters:















 

 Login





 Forget your password?
























By Job Title


Asset Managers |
                                    Corporate Banks |
                                    Investment Managers |
                                    Wealth Managers |
                                    Consultants & Advisors |
                                    Legal Practitioners |
                                    Academics |
                                    Hedge Funds |
                                    Private Equity Analysts |
                                    Traders |
                                    Equity Research Analysts


By Scope


Equity |
                                    Fixed Income |
                                    Funds |
                                    Excel  |
                                    Analytical Tools  |
                                    Markets  |
                                    Prices  |
                                    Money Market |
                                    News |
                                    Industry |
                                    IPOs |
                                    Mergers & Acquisitions |
                                    Commodities |
                                    Economics



Covered Countries and Exchanges

















Add Your Company | 
                                        Add Yourself | 
                                        Terms and Conditions | 
                                        Privacy Policy | 
                                        About DirectFN









Copyright ©  DirectFN. All Rights Reserved.











Data Not Available









Login











Login attempt was not successful. Please try again


Username/ Email:


Password:



Enter Characters:











 Forget your password?











Back to Top

Support & Feedback


Ask for free trial









Request a Trial
















Title:*


Mr
Mrs
Ms
Miss
Dr
Prof




First Name:*



Last Name:*



Email:*




Phone:*



Promo. Code:



Country:*


Select
Afganistan
Albania
Algeria
American Samoa
Andorra
Angola
Anguilla
Antarctica
Antigua and Barbuda
Argentina
Armenia
Aruba
Australia
Austria
Azerbaijan
Bahamas
Bahrain
Bangladesh
Barbados
Belarus
Belgium
Belize
Benin
Bermuda
Bhutan
Bolivia
Bosnia and Herzegovina
Botswana
Bouvet Island
Brazil
British Indian Ocean Territory
Brunei
Bulgaria
Burkina Faso
Burundi
Cambodia
Cameroon
Canada
Cape Verde
Cayman Islands
Central African Republic
Chad
Chile
China
Christmas Island
Cocos (Keeling) Islands
Colombia
Comoros
Congo
Cook Islands
Costa Rica
Cote D'Ivoire (Ivory Coast)
Croatia (Hrvatska)
Cuba
Curacao
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Czechoslovakia (former)
Denmark
Djibouti
Dominica
Dominican Republic
East Timor
Ecuador
Egypt
El Salvador
Equatorial Guinea
Eritrea
Estonia
Ethiopia
Falkland Islands (Malvinas)
Faroe Islands
Fiji
Finland
France
France, Metropolitan
French Guiana
French Polynesia
French Southern Territories
Gabon
Gambia
Georgia
Germany
Ghana
Gibraltar
Greece
Greenland
Grenada
Guadeloupe
Guam
Guatemala
Guernsey
Guinea
Guinea-Bissau
Guyana
Haiti
Heard and McDonald Islands
Honduras
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Iran
Iraq
Ireland
Isle of Man
Israel
Italy
Jamaica
Japan
Jersey
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kenya
Kiribati
Kuwait
Kyrgyzstan
Laos
Latvia
Lebanon
Lesotho
Liberia
Libya
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Macau
Macedonia
Madagascar
Malawi
Malaysia
Maldives
Mali
Malta
Marshall Islands
Martinique
Mauritania
Mauritius
Mayotte
Mexico
Micronesia
Moldova
Monaco
Mongolia
Montenegro
Montserrat
Morocco
Mozambique
Myanmar
Namibia
Nauru
Nepal
Netherlands
Netherlands Antilles
Neutral Zone
New Caledonia
New Zealand (Aotearoa)
Nicaragua
Niger
Nigeria
Niue
Norfolk Island
North Korea
Northern Mariana Islands
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Palau
Palestine
Panama
Papua New Guinea
Paraguay
Peru
Philippines
Pitcairn
Poland
Portugal
Puerto Rico
Qatar
Reunion
Romania
Russia
Rwanda
S. Georgia and S. Sandwich Isls.
Saint Kitts and Nevis
Saint Lucia
Saint Vincent and the Grenadines
Samoa
San Marino
Sao Tome and Principe
Saudi Arabia
Senegal
Serbia
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
Singapore
Slovak Republic
Slovenia
Solomon Islands
Somalia
South Africa
South Korea
South Sudan
Spain
Sri Lanka
St. Helena
St. Pierre and Miquelon
Sudan
Suriname
Svalbard and Jan Mayen Islands
Swaziland
Sweden
Switzerland
Syria
Taiwan
Tajikistan
Tanzania
Thailand
Togo
Tokelau
Tonga
Trinidad and Tobago
Tunisia
Turkey
Turkmenistan
Turks and Caicos Islands
Tuvalu
US Minor Outlying Islands
USSR (former)
Uganda
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United Kingdom
United States
Uruguay
Uzbekistan
Vanuatu
Vatican City State (Holy See)
Venezuela
Vietnam
Virgin Islands (British)
Virgin Islands (U.S.)
Wallis and Futuna Islands
Western Sahara
Yemen
Yugoslavia
Zaire
Zambia
Zimbabwe




Company:*



Job Title:


Select
 Academics
 Asset Managers
 Consultants & Advisors
 Corporate Banks
 Equity Research Analysts
 Hedge Funds
 Investment Managers
 Legal Practioners
 Private Equity Analysts
 Traders
 Wealth Managers




Comments:




*Required Fields


 

 Submit



















Contact Us












Hello ,Please use the below form for
                            Product support & feedback


Name :  *  


Email:  * 


Phone Number :  * 






Preferred contact method :
Email
Phone











Technical Support 24x7: +94 112 314900 / slhops@directfn.net
Your Account Manager is, , , 






















 Get a Decypha Membership to view this content..................







Get a Decypha Membership


 Get the membership of Decypha Premium Package to access more exciting features including advanced analytical tools and the Pro 10 package. Pro 10 is designed keeping active investors in mind and offers a flexible framework to view information and do analysis the way you desire.

All you need to access these valuable features is to click on the Get a membership button and submit your details to our sales team.















Upgrade your Membership


 Account is not entitled to view this information.

 Please contact your account manager to upgrade your Membership.

Email :  support@decypha.com






 Register to view this content..................







 Decypha Free Registration


Register free with Decypha and get access to real-time price information and many other features including Technical Scanner, Fundamental Screener etc.

Just click the Registration button, submit your details and get registered for free.








 
















	Arizona Foundation for Women to Honor Kendis Key Muscheid with Marilyn R. Seymann Award





















  

































Please enter a search term.








People



Entire Site









Offices
|


Careers
|


Alumni
|


Contact Us
|


















The Firm


People


Practice Areas


Success Stories


Events & News


Diversity & Inclusion


Pro Bono




















					March 14, 2016
				

					Arizona Foundation for Women to Honor Kendis Key Muscheid with Marilyn R. Seymann Award
















Kendis Key Muscheid, a partner at Ballard Spahr and one of the leading nonprofit attorneys in the Southwest, will be presented with the Arizona Foundation for Women’s (AFW’s) Marilyn R. Seymann Award on April 14 at its 20th Anniversary Awards Luncheon. The event will be held at the Westin Kierland Resort and Spa in Scottsdale, Arizona.
The Awards Luncheon is AFW’s primary fundraising event to support its mission to mobilize the community’s power and resources to meet the unmet needs of women and children and enable long-term solutions by focusing on Safety, Health, and Economic (SHE) empowerment to benefit every Arizona woman and child. 
"I am so honored to be named a recipient of an award from the Arizona Foundation for Women, particularly with an award named for Marilyn—a passionate, community-minded, generous woman who is always dreaming up new ways to help Arizona’s women and children!" said Ms. Muscheid. 
"I'm truly blessed to work within the nonprofit community," she added. "The people and organizations with which I work are all striving to make the world a better place and I am privileged to play a part in their success. I love what I do and it is an added bonus to now be part of a law firm committed to communities across the country through both monetary contributions to nonprofits, and the provision of thousands of pro bono hours and hands-on service hours."
Other honorees this year include award-winning journalist Maria Shriver, who will receive the Sandra Day O’Connor Lifetime Achievement Award, and Arizona Cardinals Head Coach Bruce Arians, who will be honored with the Voice of Women Award. They join the ranks of past honorees such as Justice Sandra Day O’Connor; founder and president of the Children's Defense Fund Marian Wright Edelman; former United States Secretary of Homeland Security and University of California president Janet Napolitano; former United States Secretary of State Madeleine Albright; and tennis legend Billie Jean King.
Ms. Muscheid joined Ballard Spahr in October, bringing with her an extensive practice in tax-exempt and organizations that expanded the capabilities of the Phoenix office and the entire firm. 
"Kendis has a long history of community involvement, particularly with agencies that are focused on helping women," said John G. Kerkorian, Managing Partner of Ballard Spahr’s Phoenix office. “There’s no mistaking her passion for helping nonprofits improve the lives of others. She truly is focused on giving back to the community."
The Arizona Foundation for Women was founded in 1995 to create a better life for Arizona’s women and children. Through its AFW Angels it has raised and donated nearly $3 million to Arizona nonprofits.
"We are so grateful for the community support we receive that helps thousands of women and their children—victims of domestic violence, child abuse, homelessness and sex trafficking," said Linda Lyman, Interim Executive Director. "It’s a privilege to honor leaders in our community like Kendis who provide leadership in community service."
Ms. Muscheid focuses on the representation of nonprofit and tax-exempt organizations, charitable trusts, and on issues involving Arizona taxation. Her clients include a wide variety of 501(c)(3) and other tax-exempt organizations, such as private foundations, schools and research institutions, religious and social welfare organizations, trade associations, and groups dedicated to the arts.
She also advises on the qualification for tax exemption, conversions to and from tax-exempt status, obtaining and maintaining favorable tax treatment, reporting and government filings, and the creation and operation of supporting organizations. She counsels on nonprofit governance, advocacy issues, unrelated business income tax matters, endowment management, tax-exempt bond financing, and issues involving charitable solicitations, mergers, and acquisitions.
She has been included in Best Lawyers in America, Nonprofit/Charities Law and Tax Law, from 2005-2016, and was named Best Lawyers, Lawyer of the Year for Non-Profit/Charities in 2014, among other professional accolades.














People

Kendis Key Muscheid














Related Practices

Business and Finance
Exempt Organizations
Family Wealth Management
Health Care
Tax





























Access Portal


Subscribe to Our E-Alerts












General






The Firm


People


Practice Areas


Success Stories


Careers





Alerts & Publications


Events & News


Diversity & Inclusion


Pro Bono


Offices











Resources





Alumni


Contact Us


Attorney Advertising


Sitemap




















Please enter a search term.








People



Entire Site





Advanced Search




 Stay Connected






















Copyright & Legal Info
Privacy
Copyright © 2017 by Ballard Spahr LLP.






















