










 













 




Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Verify real user


























Verify real user













Verify real user


























Verify real user













Verify real user


























Verify real user













Verify real user


























Verify real user













SGH III HOLDINGS, LLC Credit report, products, contacts













 Florida






Search









    SGH III HOLDINGS, LLC











Company number L10000090733
        

Status Active
        

FEI number NOT APPLICABLE
        

Company Type Florida Limited Liability
        

Home State FL
        

Last activity date not available
        

Date Of Incorporation 8/27/2010
        

Principal Address
            1735 EAST ANDERSON STREET, PENSACOLA, FL, 32503
            


Mailing Address 1735 EAST ANDERSON STREET, PENSACOLA, FL, 32503
        
SGH III HOLDINGS, LLC Principals

Manager
                Holmes Iii Samuel G
                 


Address
                1735 EAST ANDERSON STREET, PENSACOLA, FL, 32503
                 







Last Annual Reports

2016 3/5/2016
            

2016 3/5/2016
            

2015 1/24/2015
            
Registered Agent

Agent Name HOLMES III          SAMUEL        G (p)
        

Agent Address
                1735 EAST ANDERSON STREET, PENSACOLA, FL, 32503
                

Description
SGH III HOLDINGS, LLC has been set up 8/27/2010 in state FL.  
The current status of the business is Active. The SGH III HOLDINGS, LLC principal adress is 1735 EAST ANDERSON STREET, PENSACOLA, FL, 32503. 
Meanwhile you can send your letters to 1735 EAST ANDERSON STREET, PENSACOLA, FL, 32503. 
The company`s registered agent is HOLMES III          SAMUEL        G 1735 EAST ANDERSON STREET, PENSACOLA, FL, 32503.  
The company`s management are Manager - Holmes Iii Samuel G. The company annual reports filed on Annual reports – 3/5/2016.






Comprehensive Report about this company
        





(view sample)








Similar Companies
S.G.H., INC.
SGH, INC.
SGH INSSURANCE, LLC
SGH INSURANCE, INC.
SGH INTERNATIONAL, LLC
S.G.H. INVESTMENT INC.




















Home | SGH


























Skip to main content










 



Products

 Exterior Panel Systems
 
Centria 

Dri-Design 

Genwall 

Cembrit Fiber Cement 

VM Zinc 

FunderMax 
 ACM/MCM Panel Systems
 
Seiccoline 

Revelar 
 Daylighting/Window Systems
 
Kalwall 

Structures Unlimited 

Solatube International, Inc. 

Skyline Sky-Lites 

Super Sky 

Eagle Windows 

H-Window 
 Interior Products
 
Modernfold 

Skyfold 

Smoke Guard 
 Other Products
 
Sentech 

Construction Specialities 

Miscellaneous 
 


ServicesDesign Assist
Detailing Assistance
Preliminary Budgets
Project Estimates
Shop Drawings
Project Management
Installation
Service/Maintenance

Blast Tech
Brand Integration
ResourcesProjects
Literature
Details






About
News
Contact Us
Search


 















An Architectural Product Supplier & Installer
SGH helps architects & commercial builders from material selection & design through construction & owner move-in.
Learn More
 










 

 




  


Our Business Products
Our employees have an intricate knowledge of how the products perform and the best way to install them, which gives our staff the unique expertise you desire. We collaborate with owners, architect, and contractors to ensure that products look stunning from concept to completion.


 



Our Business Services
SGH goes beyond merely supplying architectural products. We know you need more than that to make your next building project a success. That’s why we’ve always provided a broad range of services to support you and your project team throughout the design and construction of your building.


 



Our Business Brand Integration
Your customers’ first impression of your business starts before they even walk through your front door. A connection begins when they first see your building. That’s why it’s so important your building makes an impact at every turn.


 



Our Business Blast Technology
Does your next commercial building project or facility upgrade require a higher level of security? Incorporating blast-resistant technology into your building to protect the lives and safety of the people and resources inside your buildings.


 
 
 







Why clients work with SGH Inc.

As we worked into the project, it became apparent to all of the subcontractors that we were working with a really good product.
Bill Bowman Project Manager
Story ConstructionWorkiva - Bill Bowman

Read More

 



Why clients work with SGH Inc.

Genwall really has so many different opportunities for us to include in all different types of our projects. I think it can be a tremendous tool for us to deliver fantastic projects to our clients.
Brad Erwin President
Paragon Architecture, Inc.Crowder College

Read More

 



Why clients work with SGH Inc.

We had a good general contractor, good supplier,  good installer. There was lots of communication going into this, but the pieces just fell together very nicely. I know from being out there in the field.
John Karmann AIA, LEED AP, Vice President, Architect
FEH DesignWorkiva

Read More

 



Why clients work with SGH Inc.

You get an added advantage working with SGH. There are not a lot of partners who are both manufacturers and distributors, plus installers. That’s one less person that I or my clients have to talk to.
Paul Rathjen Architectural Designer
Shive-Hattery Architecture + EngineeringDMACC ICI

Read More

 

 




  


Latest News & Events
Genwall and Dri-Design make fast work of enclosing the Workiva building ahead of winter storms
3/1/2014

In 2013, SGH installed Genwall and Dri-Design systems on the Workiva building at the ISU Research Park in Ames, Iowa. SGH was able to get the building enclosed through the innovative...
  
      


Read More


 
 
 



Territory
SGH provides and installs a variety of exterior and interior architectural products to help make your commercial building project a success. 
We serve customers throughout the Midwest and Rockies.


SGH is centrally located in six offices throughout the Midwest and Rockies serving 10 states. But we do not stop there. Working closely with our associated companies, we have completed jobs in many cities throughout the United States.
Learn More



 




  
 

 

 

 
 
 

About SGH

For over 65 years, we’ve been helping you:
Create strong, safe, functional exteriors and interiors
Achieve successful commercial construction and renovation projects
Bring your architectural ideas to life
From the initial idea to the final details, we have the resources to successfully execute projects of any whatever size you have to tackle.
How to ensure your next building project succeeds
Beyond supplying architectural products, SGH provides expert installation services.
Our employees have an intricate knowledge of each product’s performance and the best ways to install them – giving our staff the professional insight you’ will want on your next project. We collaborate with you – building owners, architects and general contractors – to ensure the products look stunning from concept to completion.

 



 







SGH recruits Melina as chief investment officer - PE Hub























































SUBSCRIBE TO PE HUB WIRE
Join over 60,000 of your peers
Get the must-read email for PE/VC professionals delivered to your inbox daily
        — for free!







US Edition (daily)



Canada Edition (weekly)


We will not send you spam, and we don't share your email address with 3rd parties.


I accept the Terms and Conditions




SUBSCRIBE YES! No






RegisterSign in



A Community for Professionals in Private Capital



































SGH recruits Melina as chief investment officer


June 5, 2017
By Iris Dorbian



Print
Email





Share via email


Separate multiple email addresses with commas

Share
Send me a copy



Email preview

To: 
From: 
Subject: Look at this story on PE HUB
SGH recruits Melina as chief investment officer
Simon Group Holdings has hired David Melina as chief investment officer. Melina's work background includes serving as chief financial officer at Sentry Investment Partners and chief operating officer at Costa Kondylis & Partners. Also, he advised The Carlyle Group on the reprogramming of five completed residential buildings valued at more than $500 million.
Continue reading on PE HUB
 writes: 



















Simon Group Holdings has hired David Melina as chief investment officer. Melina’s work background includes serving as chief financial officer at Sentry Investment Partners and chief operating officer at Costa Kondylis & Partners. Also, he advised The Carlyle Group on the reprogramming of five completed residential buildings valued at more than $500 million.
PRESS RELEASE
BIRMINGHAM, Mich., June 5, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — Simon Group Holdings (SGH) Founder and Chairman Sam Simon today announced the appointment of David Melina as Chief Investment Officer. Melina will provide strategic counsel regarding all aspects of the SGH’s investment and growth strategy including advising each of its portfolio companies – VESTA Modular, ETI Tech and Tikoo Solutions, among others.
A 1975 Yale University business and finance graduate, Melina has an extensive background representing banks and equity funds, assisting those organizations with both turnaround and disposition of troubled assets. Most recently he represented a bank in its disposition of MSpace Holdings, LLC, which was acquired by VESTA, in February 2017.
According to Simon, “Dave is a great addition to the SGH leadership team. The fact that he was on the other side of one of our deals and saw how our team strategically prevailed, is a testament to the fact that we’re attracting the best talent in the industry. In Dave’s case, his extensive financial experience and network will lead to new opportunities and partnerships, among SGH platform companies and investments, as well as externally.” 





Melina’s prior roles include: senior consultant representing a $76 billion private equity group in its ownership of an $80 million annual revenue Midwest stocking electrical supply distribution company; CFO, Sentry Investment Partners from 2012-2015; and COO, Costa Kondylis & Partners, LLP from 2008-2012. In this role, Melina managed the acquisition and repositioning process for The Buckingham Hotel in New York, valued at $135 million. He advised The Carlyle Group, New York City, on the reprogramming of five completed residential buildings valued at more than $500 million. Additionally, he negotiated and closed a branding and design fee agreement with The Trump Organization, including projects in Istanbul, Dubai and Warsaw.
“In this business, everyone has a vision, but it’s rare you also find the capital, resources and an unwavering and supportive team, not to mention a founder who is committed and approachable,” Melina said. “I wanted to join Sam Simon and his SGH team because they’re all of this and more. Over the 18 months I represented a competitor, I couldn’t help but admire their consistency, tenacity, smart moves and quality of the team. I look forward to contributing to the company’s continued success.”
About Simon Group Holdings
Simon Group Holdings (SGH) was created in 1985 with the founding of Atlas Oil Company by Sam Simon. SGH has 120 companies and direct investments, 3,000 customers and 1,000 employees. Its growth is fueled through digital disruption and by investing in operationally experienced entrepreneurs who have a vision and hunger to reinvent their respective industries. SGH has interests in comprehensive energy solutions; fuel supply; oil field services; logistics and transportation; real estate; private equity; technology services; aerospace and defense; and turnkey modular solutions. 






Print
Email





Share via email


Separate multiple email addresses with commas

Share
Send me a copy



Email preview

To: 
From: 
Subject: Look at this story on PE HUB
SGH recruits Melina as chief investment officer
Simon Group Holdings has hired David Melina as chief investment officer. Melina's work background includes serving as chief financial officer at Sentry Investment Partners and chief operating officer at Costa Kondylis & Partners. Also, he advised The Carlyle Group on the reprogramming of five completed residential buildings valued at more than $500 million.
Continue reading on PE HUB
 writes: 














Take your pick!

Buyouts delivers exclusive news and analysis about private equity deals, fundraising, top-quartile managers and more. Get your FREE trial or subscribe now.
VC Journal provides exclusive news and analysis about venture capital deals, fundraising, top-quartile investors and more. Get your FREE trial or subscribe now. 
 









Sign up to our Newsletter

Receive updates from our PE HUB Wire and Top Stories of the Week newsletters:


First Name:



Last Name:



Email Address:




US Edition (daily)



Canada Edition (weekly)


We will not send you spam, and we don't share your email address with 3rd parties.


I accept the Terms and Conditions









You are now subscribed to the PEHub Wire and Top Stories of the Week newsletters. 




Buyouts Insider/Argosy Group LLC produces several free newsletters that are sent directly to the email you provide at registration (namely, PE Hub Wire, PE Hub Canada Wire, PE Hub Wire Top Story of the Week, Buyouts Daily, and VCJ Alert). To enable us to keep providing these services free of charge, we reserve the right to contact you with special invitations to sample or purchase private equity-related products. 
By submitting this free subscription request for any of these products, you are also consenting to this communication. Should you ever wish to unsubscribe from a particular communication you may activate the unsubscribe mechanism at the bottom of the email. This will discontinue both the special invitations mentioned previously, as well as your subscription to the weekly newsletter. The information you provide will be safeguarded by Argosy Group LLC/Buyouts Insider. The company’s subsidiaries may use it to keep you informed of relevant products and services. We occasionally allow reputable companies outside of the company to mail details of products which may be of interest to you. As an international group, we may transfer your data on a global basis for the purposes indicated above. 
WE WILL NEVER SHARE YOUR EMAIL OR CONTACT DETAILS WITH ANY OUTSIDE COMPANY HOWEVER.

			    Should you have any questions please do not hesitate to contact us: [email protected].
	    	

 




Top Posts New oil and gas company Native racks up $140 mln
by Iris Dorbian

KKR to buy Nature’s Bounty from Carlyle
by Luisa Beltran

BlackRock leads funding round for fintech platform iCapital
by Iris Dorbian

Platinum Equity to buy United Site Services
by Luisa Beltran

The PE HUB Podcast, Episode Two
by Staff Report

Private Equity Jobs of the Week: Priceline, KPMG, NovaQuest are hiring
by Eamon Murphy

The carve-out curveball
by peHUBlogger Network

Raymond James expands team with new hire
by Iris Dorbian

 





























 

Sgh Holdings Ii Llc - Funding history, company info, news ...































Want to see more?Want to find out who got funded, and who’s funding the next big thing? in real time? all across the world? tailored to your specific areas of focus?100+ deals per dayGet access to the most exhaustive worldwide funding watch on the web!Comprehensive funding informationKnow about who invested in a company, which sites covered the event, the funding history, etc.Exclusive insightsView original analytics such as most dynamic industries, most active investors, and more!Stay aware!Get emailed when deals critical to your business happen. Filter by region, industry and topics of interest.As seen onHave a login?Sign inRegister now!It's free!Use your social accountOr fill in the quick form:Register nowpromise we won't spamSign invia your social account:via your existing WGF account:Remember meRegister, it's freeForgot your password?SIGN INForgot your password?Enter your e-mail and we will send you your new password.reset passwordThe world's largest funding base/companies/173550-sgh-holdings-ii-llcsection=companies&subsection=detail&id=173550  




			Search deals by company name, industry, location, investors...			
			




SEARCH


Sgh Holdings Ii LlcCompany DetailsGet alertedif Sgh Holdings Ii Llc gets funded!Sgh Holdings Ii LlcFunding history Key peopleCountry:State:City:United StatesNorth CarolinaCaryIndustry:Finance Funding history DateDeal sizeInvestors October 29th, 2015$250,000-View DealOctober 29th, 2014$25,000-View DealCreate alertManage your alerts in accountWant to know when Sgh Holdings Ii Llc gets funded?Key peopleSteven MontiDirector, Executive Officer, PromoterPlease note that all data is automatically extracted and errors can occur.The WhoGotFunded team has not necessarily reviewed the information in this page and has not determined if it is accurate and complete.Inaccurate Data? Help us improve WhoGotFunded: post a comment!




SGH Holdings II, LLC - Pooled Investment Fund- Monti  FormDs.com - SEC filings of fundraisings and investments in hedge funds, private equity firms, startups, and growing companies 











 FormDs.com 





 Newest
 Filter
 Local




 









SGH Holdings II, LLC

      Industry: Pooled Investment Fund
      (See others in industry)

Address:



    405 Oak Island Drive  
    Cary, NC, 27513Phone: 9192646784 




Filings



Date
FilingType
Reported Sold
Incremental Cash 
Type
Exemptions
Link to Raw Filing




	2016-10-31


Amended


$375,000


$125,000


Debt Only


06b


SEC link




	2015-10-29


Amended


$250,000


$225,000


Debt Only


06b


SEC link




	2014-10-29


New


$25,000


$25,000


Debt Only


06b


SEC link






Directors and Executives (Current and Past)



Name
Role



 Steven P. Monti 
 Director, Executive, Promoter 










