




Shadowbrooke Capital Fund LLC - Residential- Phillips  FormDs.com - SEC filings of fundraisings and investments in hedge funds, private equity firms, startups, and growing companies 











 FormDs.com 





 Newest
 Filter
 Local




 









Shadowbrooke Capital Fund LLC

      Industry: Residential
      (See others in industry)

Address:



    14034 South 145 East Suite 301 
    Draper, UT, 84020Phone: (816) 582-6650 




Filings



Date
FilingType
Reported Sold
Incremental Cash 
Type
Exemptions
Link to Raw Filing




	2016-11-17


New


$5,000,000


$5,000,000


Equity Only


05


SEC link






Directors and Executives (Current and Past)



Name
Role



 Ron Phillips 
 Director 


 Brandon Rooks 
 Director 





















 




Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Veristone Fund I, LLC: Private Company Information - Bloomberg








































  





















































































July 28, 2017 3:04 PM ET

Company Overview of Veristone Fund I, LLC



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Veristone Fund I, LLC operates in the real estate industry. The company was formerly known as Liberty Capital Real Estate Opportunity Fund II, LLC. Veristone Fund I, LLC was incorporated in 2010 and is based in Kirkland, Washington.


6725 116th Avenue N.E.Suite 210Kirkland, WA 98033United StatesFounded in 2010



Phone: 425-828-9800








Key Executives for Veristone Fund I, LLC




Mr. Rhett Bordner


      	Executive Director
      





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 



Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 	Aryzta Us Holdings I Corp. United States 	Michael Anthony Hernandez, A Professional Corp United States !SOLUTIONS! Group United States "Atlantic Tele-Satellite, Inc. United States "D" Construction, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Veristone Fund I, LLC, please visit --.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close




























Shadow Hills LP, a California limited partnership - List of CEOs, founders and company directors

















directorpedia.net - List of CEOs, founders, board members and company directors











Shadow Hills LP, a California limited partnership
List of persons related to the company Shadow Hills LP, a California limited partnership. Find out list of CEOs, founders, board members, and company directors of Shadow Hills LP, a California limited partnership.

CIK Number: 0001704309IRS Number: 352542530Company address: C/O MANY MANSIONS 1259 E. THOUSAND OAKS BLVD THOUSAND OAKS 91362Phone number: 805-496-4948



People related to Shadow Hills LP, a California limited partnership
NamePositionStreetCityCountrySchroeder  Rickc/o Many Mansions 1259 East Thousand Oaks Blvd.Thousand OaksCA




Shadow Hills LP, a California limited partnership on the Web
Related companiesShadow Beverages & Snacks, LLC, SHADOW HEALTH, INC., Shadow Networks, Inc., Shadow Ops Weaponry, Inc., SHADOW RETAIL PARTNERS LP, Shadow Tree Income Fund A LP, SHADOW VALLEY APARTMENTS, LLLP, Shadowbox Holdings LLC, Shadowbrooke Capital Fund LLC, Shadowglen MOB Partners, LLC












 








Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Governor Cuomo Announces Innovation Venture Capital Funding Awarded to Support and Attract New Businesses in Upstate New York | Governor Andrew M. Cuomo 
















































Skip to main content






















GOVERNOR ANDREW M. CUOMOHOME

Pressroom
Schedule
IssuesCivil Rights
Community Revitalization
Criminal Justice
Economic Developement
Education
Environment
Health & Wellness
Infrastructure

Legislation
About
Contact
 





 




GOVERNOR ANDREW M. CUOMOHOME

Pressroom
Schedule
IssuesCivil Rights
Community Revitalization
Criminal Justice
Economic Developement
Education
Environment
Health & Wellness
Infrastructure

Legislation
About
Contact
 


















              February 12, 2015                                  
                  Albany, NY                  

Governor Cuomo Announces Innovation Venture Capital Funding Awarded to Support and Attract New Businesses in Upstate New York 
Economic Development



TOP

                      Governor Cuomo Announces Innovation Venture...                  


Share










$5 Million Awarded to Three Firms to Spur High-Growth Technology Commercialization 







WYSIWYGGovernor Andrew M. Cuomo today announced $5 million has been awarded to three Upstate investment firms to spur new business and create jobs in communities across Upstate New York. The funding, part of the Governor's $50 million Innovation Venture Capital Fund program, will be matched by at least $5 million in private sector investment capital to enable new businesses to work with colleges and universities to accelerate the research and development and marketing of their technologies. Investment firms in Rochester, Buffalo and Syracuse will strategically invest the funds.  "By giving entrepreneurs the tools and resources that they need to succeed, we can turn ideas into real, marketable solutions," Governor Cuomo said. "The Innovation Venture Capital Fund does just that – it empowers creators to realize their potential, competitively attracting business and creating jobs in communities all across New York."   The three Upstate firms that will invest the funds are Excell Partners, LLC in Rochester, SCP Buffalo Incubator/Z80 Labs LLC in Buffalo, and CenterState CEO's Grants for Growth in Syracuse. Investment of funds by each firm will be leveraged with matching private sector investment capital at a ratio of at least 1:1. Recipients of the venture funding will receive pre-seed stage investments of up to $100,000.  The $50 million New York State Innovation Venture Capital Fund program supports the transition from ideas and research to marketable products or services, accelerates seed and early-stage business formation and provides investment funding to support, and attracts high growth, technology based companies to New York State. The fund is expected to leverage at least $100 million in private capital to support high growth areas including advanced materials, clean technology, life sciences/biotechnology and information technology.  Empire State Development President, CEO & Commissioner Kenneth Adams said, "The three firms approved for funding were selected based on their qualifications, track record and proposed investment strategy. Their equity investments into pre-seed companies will help ensure our State's innovative technologies have the support necessary to move from the lab to marketplace."  Excell Partners, a for-profit affiliate of the University of Rochester, was approved for $2 million in NYS Innovation Venture Capital funds to invest in pre-seed stage businesses, including those focused on life sciences, energy, software and consumer products located in the Southern Tier, Western New York, Finger Lakes, Capital, and Central New York regions. Excell has successfully invested in more than 41 seed stage companies since its launch in 2005. Excell was also selected as a participant in ESD's Innovate NY Fund investment program.  Excell Partners, Inc. CEO Theresa Mazzullo said, "We thank ESD for their ongoing confidence in Excell. This award is particularly important for upstate because its focus is on the pre-seed stage in life science, energy and advanced materials, three areas that are seriously challenged for capital. Excell is proud of its track record for investing in these industry segments. This award will allow Excell to continue to identify, invest and support high potential, high tech startups in New York."   SCP Buffalo Incubator/Z80 Labs LLC was approved for $1.5 million in NYS Innovation Venture Capital funds to invest in pre-seed stage companies in Western New York – a region that has strong growth potential in the internet broadband and life sciences spaces. The business and its managing partners will operate under the umbrella of Seed Capital Partners, a successful northeast early stage technology focused venture capital firm. SCP Buffalo Incubator/Z80 Labs was also selected as a participant in the Innovate NY Fund investment program.  "We are excited to receive this additional award that will allow us to continue the extraordinary momentum the Governor's Buffalo Billion initiative has generated including the 43North Buffalo Business Plan Competition, our Accellerator Z80 Labs and the addition of dozens of new start-ups that have begun to generate job, excitement and opportunity here in Buffalo," said Jordan Levy, General Partner Softbank Capital. "With the support of ESD to date, we have funded a dozen start-ups that are now employing almost forty people, now, with this new grant, we will be able to help a few dozen additional entrepreneurs get their business ideas off the ground and follow their dreams and at the same time build a new economy culture in our New York State."   Grants for Growth, managed by CenterState CEO, was approved for $1.5 million in NYS Innovation Venture Capital funding to manage the technology commercialization and pre-seed stage company investment by leveraging the support, mentoring and commitment of the state-funded Innovation Hot Spots in Central New York, the North Country and Southern Tier regions. By joining forces, the fund will extend its reach to cover 22 counties of Upstate New York, including leading regional sources of innovation, incubation and commercialization, plus research and technology transfer at institutions like Clarkson University, Cornell University, Syracuse University and upstate SUNY campuses.  "This fund builds on Grants for Growth's eight-year track record of supporting commercialization by uniquely aligning three of New York's Innovation Hot Spots," said Seth Mulligan, VP of Innovation Services at CenterState CEO. "The evolution and scale-up of this program would not be possible if not for the vision and commitment of New York State Senator John DeFrancisco, who has supported Grants for Growth since its inception. Now, with an even more robust network of academic partners, mentors and innovation resources, we are positioned to leverage the state's investment to successfully launch even more new startups and create new, high-quality jobs across these regions."  The three Upstate firms were chosen through a competitive process. Additional investments to spur business development and jobs through firms in the New York City, Long Island and Mid-Hudson regions will be announced soon.  About the NYS Innovation Venture Capital Fund  The NYS Innovation Venture Capital Fund is part of Governor Cuomo's broader commercialization agenda in order to encourage innovation and drive economic growth in communities across the State. It is being coordinated with the State's existing business resources and innovation investments, including the Governor's START-UP NY program, Innovation Hot Spots, the Regional Economic Development Councils, the Centers of Advanced Technology and Centers of Excellence networks and the SUNY 2020 Initiative.  As part of his Opportunity Agenda, the Governor has proposed expanding the program and doubling the fund to $100 million in the 2015-16 Executive Budget. 

 





Next Section
Continue

Translations










Translations 



      Spanish Translation    
Traducción al español


Download





      Russian Translation    
Перевод на русский язык


Download





      Korean Translation    
한국어 번역


Download





      Italian Translation    
Traduzione italiana


Download





      Haitian Creole Translation    
Tradiksyon kreyòl ayisyen


Download





      French Translation    
Traduction française


Download





      Chinese Translation    
中文翻譯


Download


 










Next Section
Continue

Contact the Governor's Press Office










Contact the Governor's Press Office NYC Press Office:  212.681.4640
Albany Press Office:  518.474.8418


Contact us by email:
press.office@exec.ny.gov





























You are leaving the official State of New York website.

      The State of New York does not imply approval of the listed destinations, warrant the accuracy of any information set out in those destinations, or endorse any opinions expressed therein. External web sites operate at the direction of their respective owners who should be contacted directly with questions regarding the content of these sites.
    

Visit Site











Products


























 










Products

OverviewAccredited FundInstitutional Funds


Login




Username





Password




Remember Me 



Log in





					Forgot your username?



					Forgot your password?





 













				Products			


Aetna Capital Management, LLC offers commingled products, as well as customized portfolios, for both accredited investors and qualified purchasers. In doing so, our firm offers clients the opportunity to invest alongside one of the nation’s largest healthcare insurance companies. At ACM, our clients’ investments receive the same high-level investment expertise and comprehensive risk controls that are applied to Aetna’s nearly $600 million allocation to our funds.
To learn more about our products, including performance and fund documents, please login on the left. Please note that access to our detailed fund information is restricted to those individuals who have a pre-existing relationship with ACM and have received a copy of our funds’ private placement memorandums. If you would like to gain access to the site, please contact us at This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it. or 860.380.1230.  



























Capital Growth Fund














































 





Market Summary

AAPL
 VOL:   27,677,600 @ 
		$149.86		


		$0.69


AMZN
 VOL:   3,855,600 @ 
		$1022.0300		


		$23.7407


GOOG
 VOL:  1,774,130 @
		$940.7800		


		$6.7378


HPQ
 VOL:   10,458,700 @ 
		$19.13		


		$0.07


MSFT
 VOL:   25,604,000 @ 
		$73.10		


		$0.06


YHOO
 VOL:  19,798,100 @
		$N/A		


		$0.00








Barita Investments Ltd.




HomeAboutCorporate ProfileMission StatementBoard of DirectorsManagement TeamFinancialsBarita Investments Limited Annual ReportsBarita Investments Limited Financial StatementsBarita Unit Trusts Financial StatementsCorporate GovernanceBarita Education FoundationCareers at BaritaDividend PolicyProducts & ServicesCambioFX TradingFixed IncomeFixed IncomePooled FundsCapital Growth FundCI FundsFX Bond Portfolio FX Growth PortfolioIncome Portfolio Money Market FundReal Estate PortfolioTuition Builder AccountFixed Rate PortfolioStocksStocks & ResearchFinancial PlanningBarita RoadmapBarita IRSPension Fund ManagementOther ProductsBarita Loan PlanBarita Bridal RegistryRatesMarket RatesCalculatorsUnit Trust CalculatorFixed Income CalculatorStock Order CalculatorFees & ChargesResearchFormsBarita InvestmentsBarita Unit TrustsInvestor EducationNewsCurrent NewsArchiveGalleryContact


 Home About-- Corporate Profile-- Mission Statement-- Board of Directors-- Management Team-- Financials---- Barita Investments Limited Annual Reports---- Barita Investments Limited Financial Statements---- Barita Unit Trusts Financial Statements-- Corporate Governance-- Barita Education Foundation-- Careers at Barita-- Dividend Policy Products & Services-- Cambio---- FX Trading-- Fixed Income---- Fixed Income-- Pooled Funds---- Capital Growth Fund---- CI Funds---- FX Bond Portfolio ---- FX Growth Portfolio---- Income Portfolio ---- Money Market Fund---- Real Estate Portfolio---- Tuition Builder Account---- Fixed Rate Portfolio-- Stocks---- Stocks & Research-- Financial Planning---- Barita Roadmap---- Barita IRS---- Pension Fund Management-- Other Products---- Barita Loan Plan---- Barita Bridal Registry Rates-- Market Rates-- Calculators---- Unit Trust Calculator---- Fixed Income Calculator---- Stock Order Calculator-- Fees & Charges Research Forms-- Barita Investments-- Barita Unit Trusts Investor Education News-- Current News-- Archive-- Gallery Contact

















Capital Growth Fund









Home » Products & Services » Pooled Funds » Capital Growth Fund


 




Products & Services 


Cambio
FX TradingFixed Income
Fixed IncomePooled Funds
Capital Growth FundCI FundsFX Bond Portfolio FX Growth PortfolioIncome Portfolio Money Market FundReal Estate PortfolioTuition Builder AccountFixed Rate PortfolioStocks
Stocks & ResearchFinancial Planning
Barita RoadmapBarita IRSPension Fund ManagementOther Products
Barita Loan PlanBarita Bridal Registry


 


					 
	




		Capital Growth Fund





Capital Growth Fact Sheet
Part of the New Multiple Portfolio Fund approved by the FSC (Offering Circular)
What is the Capital Growth Fund?
A Capital Growth Fund is a pool of investments which has the potential to grow. The Fund consists of stocks/shares and fixed income investments. Stocks are the only opportunities where capital can grow.
However, while investments in equities can grow, they can also lose their value by falling prices. Money Market instruments on the other hand offer the security of capital, but while this value remains fixed and secure, inflation over time, eats away at its real purchasing value.

What are the investments in the fund?
The Trust Deed does not restrict the maximum investment in equities, but sets a maximum of 50% in fixed income. However, not more than 10% of the portfolio can be invested in the shares of any one company. The mix of investments is a feature of Barita Capital Growth Fund that meets our portfolio goals of growth and security.
Why should I invest in the fund?

The Capital Growth fund is for investors who are investing for the long run (five to ten years) and are interested in providing a hedge against inflation.
The portfolio is comprised of Blue Chip Stocks, which have a track record of growth and good dividends.
Over the long term the fund has shown excellent results.
The Fund is governed and secured by a Trust Deed, and the securities are held by the Trustee.

Are the gains guaranteed?
No, the price of units in any fund can fluctuate that is, go up or down. Because the investment risks are spread over a wide portfolio, however, the element of fluctuation is reduced.
While Capital Growth Funds tend to have a fair degree of risk, they also have a greater potential, than the Money Market Fund, for increasing the value of your investment. Historically in the long run, the units usually make significant gains.
How do you calculate the returns?
The Trust Deed requires that prices of the Funds are published at least once per week in the newspaper. This information tells you the price you can sell your units for and the price you may buy units at. To value your units simply multiply the number of units held by the published bid price and subtract from the cost purchased. For example: 500 units @ $3.50 = $1,750 subtracted from $1,500 invested = $250 = 16% gain for the year.
Every week all investments of the Fund are valued at both the Bid and Ask prices prevailing in the market. In addition, charges are added as specified in the Trust Deed. Only charges allowed by the Trust Deed can be charged against the Fund.
Are there tax liabilities?
No. The Fund enjoys full government tax-free status. This means that in addition to the tax-free dividends received by the fund, gains made on investments are totally tax-free.
How do I buy units in the fund?
An application form must be completed and signed and accompanied by payment in full. Offering Circulars and application forms are available at our Head Office in New Kingston, at our branches in Mandeville and Montego Bay and on our website at www.barita.com.
Barita Unit Trust Rates
 Barita Unit Trusts









 





Fund


Fund Composition


Buying


Selling


12 Month Growth Rate


YTD Growth Rate


Yield (Est. Yrly Income)

 



						No records					




			Capital Growth		

			E/F		

			48.81		

			48.81		

			36.11%		

			16.38%		

			0.12%		


			Money Market		

			F		

			13.2631		

			13.2631		

			0.54%		

			0.24%		

			3.74%		


			Income Portfolio		

			F		

			100.00		

			100.00		

			-		

			-		

			4.659%		


			FX Bond Portfolio (US$)		

			F		

			1.22020		

			1.22020		

			6.941%		

			1.777%		

			2.766%		


			Real Estate Portfolio		

			R/F		

			5561.76		

			5561.76		

			2.930%		

			-0.597%		

			-		


			FX Growth Portfolio (US$)		

			E/F		

			0.92959		

			0.92959		

			-6.859%		

			-0.055%		

			-		


			JAD Fixed Rate Portfolio		

			F		

			100.00		

			100.00		

			-		

			-		

			3.128%		


			USD Fixed Rate Portfolio		

			F		

			1.0000		

			1.0000		

			-		

			-		

			2.478%		
 
















 



Buying & Selling Prices as at Friday 28th of July, 2017.

 





Products and Services 


CambioStocksFinancial PlanningPooled FundsOther Products




About Barita 


Barita Investments FormsBarita Unit Trusts FormsInvesting With Barita




Barita Tools 


Unit Trust CalculatorFixed Income CalculatorStock Order Calculator




Contact Barita 


Contact UsBarita on FacebookCareers












© 2013 Barita Investments Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy  |  Terms of Use 
















Home
































































About Us
Investments

Angel Investments
Versatile Sports
Venture Funds I & II 



Contact 









Entrepreneurs for Entrepreneurs | 847-681-1270 











  













Investing In Talented And Passionate Entrepreneurs
Early Stage Venture Capital
Sports and Golf Investments
Legacy Venture Funds
• Technology Products/Services
• Medical Products/Services
• Industrial Technology
• Commercial Real Estate
• Consumer Products/Services
• Sports Related Businesses
• Golf Industry—Real Estate,
   Products, and Services
• Retail Concepts
• Training Facilities and Academies
• Fitness, Nutrition, and Wellness
• Traditional venture capital
   funds providing early
   stage capital for
   technology companies.

Versatile Sports Partners


Angel Investments


Venture Funds I & II























KB Partners, LLC is a suburban Chicago based investment firm established in 1996 to make investments in a variety of angel funded and venture capital opportunities.
KB's objective is to build dominant new enterprises by working in partnership with talented entrepreneurs and experienced managers. 






 
































PatchPump® is the most size efficient and scalable delivery product for injectable drugs because:
One single ECell design acts as both the power source and the driving mechanism for the whole range of drug volumes and viscosities; The volume of the drug container is easily changed without fundamental changes to the technology. 

















 
[ Current Angel Investment ] 
























KB Partners got its start in 1996 by making a series of angel investments in order to establish a track record and name for itself. It has since raised two early stage technology oriented traditional venture capital funds, KB Partners Venture Fund I and KB Partners Venture Fund II, from a group of high net worth individuals and institutional investors. Both funds have been fully invested and company Founder Keith Bank is now investing personal capital in individual deals in combination with a variety of co-investors, in lieu of raising any additional institutional venture funds. KB is also actively involved in Versatile Sports Partners, a Chicago based firm created to pursue select investment opportunities in the sports and golf industries, along with select real estate situations.
At our core, we are entrepreneurs with a passion for building great companies. We've been in the operating trenches before and recognize that building and growing early stage companies is as much art as science. No business plan or financial forecast can prepare an entrepreneur for the myriad of situations that will be faced when starting and building a company. However, experience can be the difference between exponential growth and severe growing pains.
KB Partners has a proven track record of helping young companies transform themselves into market leaders. We have faced many of the issues confronted regularly by the entrepreneurs we back. Accordingly, our ability to apply our own operating experiences to these challenges enables us to provide hands-on assistance with all aspects of an organization. 






 
































Early Stage Venture Capital
• Technology Products/Services• Medical Products/Services• Industrial Technology• Commercial Real Estate• Consumer Products/Services 











		
					 Angel Investments 				
	
 










Sports and Golf Investments
• Sports Related Businesses• Golf Industry—Real Estate, Products,
and Services• Retail Concepts• Training Facilities and Academies• Fitness, Nutrition, and Wellness 











		
					 Versatile Sports Partners  				
	
 










Legacy Venture Funds
• Traditional venture capital funds providing early stage capital for technology companies. 











		
					 Venture Funds I & II 				
	
 








KB Partners, LLC is a suburban Chicago based investment firm established in 1996 to make investments in a variety of angel funded and venture capital opportunities.
KB's objective is to build dominant new enterprises by working in partnership with talented entrepreneurs and experienced managers. 









		
					 About Us 				
	
 

		
					 Contact Us 				
	
 




 
































PatchPump® is the most size efficient and scalable delivery product for injectable drugs because:
One single ECell design acts as both the power source and the driving mechanism for the whole range of drug volumes and viscosities; The volume of the drug container is easily changed without fundamental changes to the technology. 

















 
[ Current Angel Investment ] 






















KB Partners got its start in 1996 by making a series of angel investments in order to establish a track record and name for itself. It has since raised two early stage technology oriented traditional venture capital funds, KB Partners Venture Fund I and KB Partners Venture Fund II, from a group of high net worth individuals and institutional investors. Both funds have been fully invested and company Founder Keith Bank is now investing personal capital in individual deals in combination with a variety of co-investors, in lieu of raising any additional institutional venture funds. KB is also actively involved in Versatile Sports Partners, a Chicago based firm created to pursue select investment opportunities in the sports and golf industries, along with select real estate situations.
At our core, we are entrepreneurs with a passion for building great companies. We've been in the operating trenches before and recognize that building and growing early stage companies is as much art as science. No business plan or financial forecast can prepare an entrepreneur for the myriad of situations that will be faced when starting and building a company. However, experience can be the difference between exponential growth and severe growing pains.
KB Partners has a proven track record of helping young companies transform themselves into market leaders. We have faced many of the issues confronted regularly by the entrepreneurs we back. Accordingly, our ability to apply our own operating experiences to these challenges enables us to provide hands-on assistance with all aspects of an organization. 




 















HomeAbout UsInvestments
Angel InvestmentsVersatile Sports PartnersVenture Funds I & II Contact
About UsInvestments
Angel InvestmentsVersatile SportsVenture Funds I & II Contact


