 Financial, Economic News, Market & Stock Live Updates - The Hindu ePaperToday's Paper JUST IN 1hr Dhinakaran, Divakaran close ranks; EPS hopeful of merger 1hr Building block of life found on Saturn’s moon Titan 2hrs Think global, but dress local at convocation 2hrs Sri Lanka to sign port deal with China 2hrs Most private hospitals evade tax: CAG 2hrs Supreme Court seeks Kerala’s response on toddy traders’ plea 2hrs Maharashtra’s reply sought on plea against bail to Pragya 2hrs Japan’s Defence Minister Tomomi Inada resigns 2hrs Scaramucci tirade ignites smouldering WH tensions 2hrs In blow to Trump, Senate rejects Obamacare repeal 3hrs Learn from Tagore, MP tells Lok Sabha 3hrs One killed in knife attack at Hamburg supermarket 4hrs Nawaz Sharif's brother Shahbaz to be next Pak PM, Nitish Kumar wins trust vote — top stories for today 5hrs CBI files corruption case against senior Mumbai I-T officer 6hrs Cook misses ton but Stokes takes fight to South Africa CLOSEBusiness Sensex falls on profit booking in pharma, banking stocks PTI After opening lower, the BSE barometer touched a low of 32,104.66 as investors booked profits in recent gainers.  Amazon's Jeff Bezos is now the richest man in the world AFP Bezos has overtaken Bill Gates to occupy the No: 1 spot.  Air India will save ₹8 to 10 cr annually on non-veg food decision, says Aviation Minister PTI Air India’s decision to stop serving non-vegetarian meals to economy class passengers on domestic flights is expected to save ₹ 8 to 10 crore  ‘Good prospects for India-U.K. auto trade’ Vidya Ram High tariff regime retarding sales of British luxury cars in India, says SMMT chief  Business  Rupee scales new 2-1/2 mth high as dollar crumbles  Business  ITC first quarter net increases by 7.4 %  Business  ICICI Bank Q1 profit falls, but beats estimates  Business  Maruti Q1 net profit raises 4.4%  Business  HCL net rises 6.1%, bags U.S., Europe ‘deals’ Special Correspondent Firm posts growth in segments including financial services, manufacturing  Business  Idea Cellular posts third straight loss amid price war Special Corespondent Kumar Mangalam Birla-led Idea Cellular has reported it’s thrid successive net loss of ₹815 crore for the quarter ended June as Reliance Jio triggered a brutal price price war in the Indian mobile telephony market.The third largest mobile operator had posted a net profit of ₹220 crore in the year ago period and a loss of ₹325 crore in the immediate proceeding quarter. Idea’s revenues during the quarter fell 14% to ₹8,166.5 crore.Idea attributed the steep decline in voice and mobile data  Business  Samsung Electronics  Samsung hopes to lead refrigeration segment Samsung India Electronics Pvt. Ltd. aims to become a leading player in the overall domestic refrigeration segment soon, said a company official. “Currently, we have an all India market share of 30.5% in refrigerators. When we reach 35%, we will become a leading player overall,” said Rishi Suri, director, consumer electronics, Samsung India. “We hope to achieve it by Diwali. This year, we have grown by 30-40%. In the second half too, we aim for this 1hr Boost for India on easy visa norms  Some ASEAN nations back bid Arun SOpinion & AnalysisSee All Comment  Why a price increase alone won't help farmers Elumalai Kannan  Fundamental problems of crop and regional bias of MSP policy, govt. procurement and access to institutional credit need to be addressed.  Conceptual  Comment  What is 'efficient market theory' in finance?  A theory of financial markets that states that asset prices fully reflect all available information in the market. Since, according to the theory, assets are priced to perfection, investors will not be able to exploit discrepancies between price and intrinsic value to earn abnormal profits. Consequently, it should be impossible for investors to earn returns that beat the market, except by assuming higher investment risk. The theory was proposed by American economist and Nobel laureate Eugene  FAQ  Getting the numbers right T.C.A. Sharad Raghavan Why the new WPI will provide better understanding of the movement of food prices  Near-term volatility not ruled out  Fund House DSP BlackRock Investment Managers Pvt Ltd recently decided to temporarily stop fresh inflows into its DSP BlackRock Micro Cap Fund, which Sanjay VijayakumarMarketsSee All Markets  Rupee slides 11 paise against dollar in early trade PTI The rupee fell by 11 paise to 64.22 against the US dollar at the Interbank Foreign Exchange today on month-end dollar demand from importers and banks.Dealers said early losses in domestic equity markets also weighed on the rupee.Yesterday, the rupee had staged an incredible comeback after its three-session listless trade and gained 26 paise to end at fresh two-and-a-half month high of 64.11 a dollar.The dollar weakened globally after the US Federal Reserve indicated that it would maintain a slow  Business  Rupee scales new 2-1/2 mth high as dollar crumbles PTI The rupee on Thursday staged an incredible comeback after its three—session lustreless trade and ended at a fresh two—and—a—half month high of 64.11 a dollar after the US currency took a big knock amid the Fed indicating it will maintain a slow pace of monetary tightening.The Federal Reserves’s statement came after the two—day policy meet where the central bank kept key policy rates unchanged but expected to begin winding down its huge bond holdings soon.The domestic currency appreciated by a Markets  | Sensex, Nifty retreat from record highs on F&O expiry Markets  | Rupee surges 21 paise against dollar after no rate hike by US Fed Markets  | Sensex at new peak of 32,533.34 on fund inflow, F&O expiry Markets  | Sensex falls on profit booking in pharma, banking stocks  See all EconomySee All Business  ‘Enough political will to seal RCEP talks’ Arun S People’s groups seek to halt negotiations; claim FTA will harm farmers, industry  Economy  IMF maintains global growth forecasts; China, eurozone revised higher Special Corespondent Global gross domestic product would grow 3.5% in 2017 and 3.6% in 2018, unchanged from estimates issued in April, the IMF says Industry  | India Inc pay gap: CEOs earn up to 1,200-times of average staff Industry  | Low-cost flying in for the long haul Industry  | Jet seeks ₹1 cr. bond from junior pilots Economy  | Govt seeks inputs on Foreign Trade Policy review  MPC members to get ₹1.5 lakh per meet, must disclose assets  RBI panel will need to observe ‘silent period’ 7 days before and after rate decision PTI See all Industry SectionSee All Business  ‘Good prospects for India-U.K. auto trade’ Vidya Ram High tariff regime retarding sales of British luxury cars in India, says SMMT chief  Business  AI sale plan details sought from Centre Somesh Jha The decision to divest a stake in Air India was based on government think-tank NITI Aayog’s recommendations  Business  HCL net rises 6.1%, bags U.S., Europe ‘deals’ Special Correspondent Firm posts growth in segments including financial services, manufacturing  MPC members to get ₹1.5 lakh per meet, must disclose assets  RBI panel will need to observe ‘silent period’ 7 days before and after rate decision PTI See all Other ArticlesFirstPrev1234567891011121314151617181920NextLastBusiness Samsung Electronics Business Adrenalin eSystems eyes capital to grow Business Adrenalin eSystems eyes capital to grow Business Fast Track to take on Ola, Uber with $50 mn Industry India Cements’ net slips as demonetisation, GST hurt Industry Centre seeks inputs on trade, industrial policies, services  SpiceJet must deposit ₹579 cr.: SC  The Supreme Court on Friday dismissed the appeals of budget carrier SpiceJet challenging the Delhi High Court verdict asking it to deposit ₹579 crore  ‘Scheme for banks not applied as envisaged’  Recapitalisation norms not met: CAG  RBI may cut rate on lower inflation: poll  The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) is expected to cut interest rates when it meets on August 2, responding to an inflation rate running well below  ITC to foray into perishables by adding vegetables, fruits  Company scouts for CEO to build multi-speciality hospitals  L&T Q1 profit rises 46%  Infrastructure, financial services aid earnings growth  LIC nets ₹6,100 cr. from stocks  State-owned insurer’s equity investments yield 145% profit growth in April-June  Govt seeks inputs on Foreign Trade Policy review  Commerce minister Nirmala Sitharam wants research on impact of Fourth Industrial Revolution, Foreign Trade Policy & India's proposal at the WTO on Trade Facilitation in Services  Sensex falls on profit booking in pharma, banking stocks  After opening lower, the BSE barometer touched a low of 32,104.66 as investors booked profits in recent gainers.  Sensex slides 190 points on profit-booking  The Sensex slumped almost 190 points to 32,193.63 and the NSE Nifty cracked below the 10,000—mark in early trade today as the August derivatives  Rupee slides 11 paise against dollar in early trade  The rupee fell by 11 paise to 64.22 against the US dollar at the Interbank Foreign Exchange today on month-end dollar demand from importers and  AI sale plan details sought from Centre  The decision to divest a stake in Air India was based on government think-tank NITI Aayog’s recommendations  Idea posts Q1 net loss of ₹815 crore  This is the third straight quarterly loss of the firm  Amazon.inopens centre in Lucknow  Amazon India opens centre in Lucknow Amazon India has announced its second Fulfilment Centre in Uttar Pradesh. Spread over about 50,000 sq.ft. with  ICICI net dips 8% on non-interest income  Posts non-interest income of ₹3,388 cr.  ‘Good prospects for India-U.K. auto trade’  High tariff regime retarding sales of British luxury cars in India, says SMMT chief  ITC first quarter net increases by 7.4 %  Hotel segment revenue rose by 6%  Centre may cut import duty on gold  The government is planing to bring down import duty on gold to 2% from 10% to make Indian jewellery competitive in the international market, said a  Bandhan Bank’s NPAs rise  Darjeeling stir, repayment misconceptions impact recovery  Dr. Reddy’s profit slumps 57%  ‘Price erosion in U.S., destocking ahead of GST rollout in India hurt margins’  Maruti Q1 net profit raises 4.4%  Revenues from operations grew to ₹19,777.4 crore, up 16.3%  Axis Bank buys FreeCharge  Private sector lender Axis Bank has decided to acquire digital wallet FreeCharge from e-commerce firm Snapdeal in an all cash deal worth ₹385  Shikha gets extension  Axis Bank has extended the term of its MD &amp;CEO Shikha Sharma by another three years with effect from June 1, 2018. The decision was taken by the  HCL net rises 6.1%, bags U.S., Europe ‘deals’  Firm posts growth in segments including financial services, manufacturing  Return $40 mn, Diageo tells Mallya  British liquor giant Diageo said on Thursday it had asked beleaguered businessman Vijay Mallya to return $40 million paid to him as part of the $75  Cholamandalam Q1 profit jumps 25%  Disburses ₹3,819 cr. in vehicle finance  Amazon's Jeff Bezos is now the richest man in the world  Mr. Bezos has overtaken Microsoft founder Bill Gates to occupy the No: 1 spot.  Rupee scales new 2-1/2 mth high as dollar crumbles  The rupee on Thursday staged an incredible comeback after its three—session lustreless trade and ended at a fresh two—and—a—half month high of 64.11  Idea Cellular posts third straight loss amid price war  Idea Cellular had posted a profit of Rs 217.1 crore in the same period a year ago.  ICICI Bank Q1 profit falls, but beats estimates  ICICI reported an eight percent fall in its first-quarter profit but slightly ahead of estimate  Air India will save ₹8 to 10 cr annually on non-veg food decision, says Aviation Minister  Air India’s decision to stop serving non-vegetarian meals to economy class passengers on domestic flights is expected to save ₹ 8 to 10 crore  Sensex, Nifty retreat from record highs on F&O expiry  The benchmark BSE Sensex retreated from record high levels to close flat at 32,383.30 due to selling in IT, pharma, oil&amp;gas and tech stocks.The  UK to scrap Libor interest rate benchmark from end-2021  The head of Britain's financial markets watchdog said on Thursday that a substitute index for the Libor interest rate benchmark should be in place by  Axis Bank to buy FreeCharge in all cash deal  Pirate sector lender Axis Bank has decided to acquire digital wallet FreeCharge from Snapdeal in an all cash deal worth ₹ 385 crore.The acquisition  Sensex at new peak of 32,533.34 on fund inflow, F&O expiry  The benchmark BSE Sensex soared to a fresh life-time high of 32,533.34 and the NSE Nifty hit a new high of 10,068.40 in opening trade on Thursday on  With 2 billion users, Facebook profits up 71% in Q2  Clocking over two billion monthly active users (MAUs), Facebook has posted a net income of $3.89 billion in second quarter of 2017 — up 71% from the  Rupee surges 21 paise against dollar after no rate hike by US Fed  The rupee surged by 21 paise to 64.16 against the US currency in early trade at the Interbank Foreign Exchange today as the dollar weakened globally  India pressed to open up procurement  More RCEP nations seek commitments on market access, equal treatment of foreign and local firms  Boost for India on easy visa norms  Some ASEAN nations back bid  In a first ever, Nifty closes above 10,000  Global cues lift investor sentiment  GST,increasing formalisation of economy to boost growth: Fitch  Economic activity is expected to rebound due to a supportive monetary policy, the effect of the Goods and Services Tax, and the eventual formalisation  Axis Bank to acquire FreeCharge  Axis Bank, the third-largest private sector lender, is set to acquire payment application FreeCharge from Snapdeal. The deal, pegged at ₹350  Microsoft unveils Kaizala app in India  Aimed at large group communication FirstPrev1234567891011121314151617181920NextLast
 Industry News, Quarterly Reports, Deals, Mergers Acquisitions - The Hindu ePaperToday's Paper JUST IN 3mins Congress shifts 44 Gujarat MLAs to party-ruled Karnataka 10mins Attachment of Zakir Naik’s assets under way, says NIA 1hr Dhinakaran, Divakaran close ranks; EPS hopeful of merger 2hrs Building block of life found on Saturn’s moon Titan 2hrs Think global, but dress local at convocation 2hrs Sri Lanka to sign port deal with China 2hrs Most private hospitals evade tax: CAG 2hrs Supreme Court seeks Kerala’s response on toddy traders’ plea 2hrs Maharashtra’s reply sought on plea against bail to Pragya 2hrs Japan’s Defence Minister Tomomi Inada resigns 2hrs Scaramucci tirade ignites smouldering WH tensions 2hrs In blow to Trump, Senate rejects Obamacare repeal 3hrs Learn from Tagore, MP tells Lok Sabha 3hrs One killed in knife attack at Hamburg supermarket 4hrs Nawaz Sharif's brother Shahbaz to be next Pak PM, Nitish Kumar wins trust vote — top stories for today CLOSEBusiness Industry ‘Good prospects for India-U.K. auto trade’ Vidya Ram High tariff regime retarding sales of British luxury cars in India, says SMMT chief  Business  AI sale plan details sought from Centre Somesh Jha The decision to divest a stake in Air India was based on government think-tank NITI Aayog’s recommendations  Business  HCL net rises 6.1%, bags U.S., Europe ‘deals’ Special Correspondent Firm posts growth in segments including financial services, manufacturing  Business  ITC first quarter net increases by 7.4 % Special Correspondent Hotel segment revenue rose by 6%  Other Articles FirstPrev1234567891011121314151617181920NextLastIndustry India Cements’ net slips as demonetisation, GST hurt Industry Centre seeks inputs on trade, industrial policies, services Industry L&T Q1 profit rises 46% Business AI sale plan details sought from Centre Business ‘Good prospects for India-U.K. auto trade’ Business ITC first quarter net increases by 7.4 %  HCL net rises 6.1%, bags U.S., Europe ‘deals’  Firm posts growth in segments including financial services, manufacturing  Cholamandalam Q1 profit jumps 25%  Disburses ₹3,819 cr. in vehicle finance  Idea Cellular posts third straight loss amid price war  Idea Cellular had posted a profit of Rs 217.1 crore in the same period a year ago.  ICICI Bank Q1 profit falls, but beats estimates  ICICI reported an eight percent fall in its first-quarter profit but slightly ahead of estimate  UK to scrap Libor interest rate benchmark from end-2021  The head of Britain's financial markets watchdog said on Thursday that a substitute index for the Libor interest rate benchmark should be in place by  Axis Bank to buy FreeCharge in all cash deal  Pirate sector lender Axis Bank has decided to acquire digital wallet FreeCharge from Snapdeal in an all cash deal worth ₹ 385 crore.The acquisition  India pressed to open up procurement  More RCEP nations seek commitments on market access, equal treatment of foreign and local firms  Axis Bank to acquire FreeCharge  Axis Bank, the third-largest private sector lender, is set to acquire payment application FreeCharge from Snapdeal. The deal, pegged at ₹350  Microsoft unveils Kaizala app in India  Aimed at large group communication  FabHotels raises $25 mn, eyes pan India expansion  Goldman Sachs leads investment in budget hotel franchise  ‘Only 1% U.K. cars electric now’  JLR calls for incentives, charging infrastructure  U.K. to ban diesel, petrol cars  Move likely by 2040 is to meet EU emission norms and improve air quality  Nissan introduces Datsun redi-Go with 1 litre engine  New variant delivers a fuel efficiency of 22.5 km per litre  CAC adopts Codex norms for three spices  It will ensure availability of high quality, clean and safe spices  HDFC’s first quarter profit slides to ₹1,556 crore  It benefited from one-time income of ₹922 in Q1 FY’17  Airtel to roll out VoLTE service across India by March’18  Gopal Vittal said that 3G networks in India will be phased out faster than other parts of the world  Snapdeal seeks investors’ views  They did not want to be identified as discussions are still on and the deal has not been finalised yet.  Hyundai Motor reports 51% drop in second quarter net profit  Its operating profit sank 24 per cent to 1.3 trillion won ($1.2 billion) during the period, while sales fell 2 per cent to 24.3 trillion won ($20.9 billion).  Govt. may not split Air India for stake sale  Officials fear investors may be put off  Cochin Shipyard firms up public issue plans  Eyes ₹978 crore to part-fund capex  Iran’s tech sector blooms under shield of sanctions  Start-ups believe they can have ‘an impact that matters’  Hero Moto net climbs 3.5%  Two-wheeler major records highest-ever quarterly sales  Vedanta net doubles on higher zinc prices  Spurred by short supply of metal: CEO  Axis Bank Q1 net profit falls 16% to ₹1306 cr on bad loans  The bank had registered a net profit of ₹1,556 crore in the June quarter of 2016—17.  India's Bharti Airtel Q1 profit slumps, but beats estimates  Reliance Jio, backed by Mukesh Ambani, has shaken India's telecom industry since it was launched a year ago.  Ambiguity on GST irks solar players  ‘Suppliers yet to pass on input tax credits; higher costs will be passed on to end users’  Aditya Birla eyes national rollout of innerwear range  Success in South India spurring firm’s ambitions, says COO  Russia’s Chelyabinsk woos Indian pharma  Firms evince interest but seek clarity  Posts on bank closures ‘baseless rumours’: IBA  Lenders say depositors’ money is ‘safe’  HDFC Bank first quarter net profit increases 20%  However, non-performing assets rise as farm loan waiver hits recovery  Vodafone India-Idea deal gets competition panel nod  Merger bid followed price war started by new entrant Jio  BSNL employees to go on nationwide strike  The committee recommends hike on the basis of performance of public sector firms  Philips reports Q2 profit growth with strong order intake  Philips expects further operational improvements and comparable sales growth towards the end of the year.  ‘I’m concerned about automation replacing jobs’  We need to aggressively invest in education, continued education and invest new dollars into entrepreneurship  Payments bank: for the informal sector  How is a payments bank different from a commercial bank?There are two kinds of banking licences that are granted by the Reserve Bank of India -  Low-cost flying in for the long haul  IndiGo, budget rival SpiceJet are keen to replicate the low-cost model in international operations  Jet seeks ₹1 cr. bond from junior pilots  ‘Must serve for 5-7 years or risk surety’  Tata Housing to invest ₹800 cr. for expansion  Tata Housing is planning to add 8-10 projects to its portfolio in 2017-18 involving an investment of up to ₹800 crore, Managing Director and CEO  MPC members to get ₹1.5 lakh per meet, must disclose assets  RBI panel will need to observe ‘silent period’ 7 days before and after rate decision  Female stars call on BBC to “act now” to close gender pay gap  Some of the most high-profile female presenters at the BBC called on the head of Britain's public broadcaster on Sunday to “act now” to address a  India Inc pay gap: CEOs earn up to 1,200-times of average staff  On the contrary, the median employee remuneration fell or remained almost same during the last fiscal  Mumbai, Kolkata, other major ports incur loss, says CAG  Twelve major ports, including Mumbai and Kolkata, have lost over ₹ 53.5 crore on account of under-recovery or revenue loss FirstPrev1234567891011121314151617181920NextLast
 Top-level shuffle at Cognizant - The Hindu ePaperJust In1min Govt seeks inputs on Foreign Trade Policy review 16mins Spain's PM lodges fresh legal block to Catalan referendum 41mins Russian cybercriminals arrested in Europe 53mins News Analysis: Who lost, who gained, and what next after Nawaz Sharif’s resignation 1hr Sensex falls on profit booking in pharma, banking stocks 1hr SC says 'no' to 10-year-old rape survivor’s abortion 2hrs ED attaches land worth ₹ 149 crore 'illegally allotted' by Jagan Mohan Reddy 3hrs Nawaz Sharif: The man who never completed his prime ministerial term 3hrs No plans to make Aadhaar mandatory for air tickets, Govt. tells MPs 3hrs Rose Valley: ED attaches assets worth ₹ 293 crores 3hrs Bhim Army protests against “attack” on Chandrashekhar in jail 4hrs Armed forces fully equipped to deal with contingencies, says Arun Jaitley 4hrs Actor Inder Kumar passes away 4hrs Prannoy climbs to 17th spot in BWF rankings 4hrs Six uncapped players named in Indian hockey squad  JUST IN 1min Govt seeks inputs on Foreign Trade Policy review 16mins Spain's PM lodges fresh legal block to Catalan referendum 41mins Russian cybercriminals arrested in Europe 53mins News Analysis: Who lost, who gained, and what next after Nawaz Sharif’s resignation 1hr Sensex falls on profit booking in pharma, banking stocks 1hr SC says 'no' to 10-year-old rape survivor’s abortion 2hrs ED attaches land worth ₹ 149 crore 'illegally allotted' by Jagan Mohan Reddy 3hrs Nawaz Sharif: The man who never completed his prime ministerial term 3hrs No plans to make Aadhaar mandatory for air tickets, Govt. tells MPs 3hrs Rose Valley: ED attaches assets worth ₹ 293 crores 3hrs Bhim Army protests against “attack” on Chandrashekhar in jail 4hrs Armed forces fully equipped to deal with contingencies, says Arun Jaitley 4hrs Actor Inder Kumar passes away 4hrs Prannoy climbs to 17th spot in BWF rankings 4hrs Six uncapped players named in Indian hockey squad CLOSEBusiness Industry  Industry  Top-level shuffle at Cognizant  PTI  NEW DELHI:,  December 07, 2013 23:07 IST  Updated:  May 28, 2016 01:51 IST Share ArticlePRINT AAA PTI  NEW DELHI:,  December 07, 2013 23:07 IST  Updated:  May 28, 2016 01:51 IST  more-in  R Chandrasekaran becomes Executive Vice-Chairman of Cognizant India IT services major Cognizant has re-jigged its top management with the appointment of Rajeev Mehta as CEO (IT Services) and R Chandrasekaran as Executive Vice-Chairman of Cognizant India.While Mr. Mehta earlier served as the firm’s Group Chief Executive (Industries and Markets), Mr. Chandrasekaran was the company’s Group Chief Executive (Technology and Operations).On December 4, 2013, Cognizant Technology Solutions Corporation effected certain organisational changes, the company said in a filing to the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC).“Effective December 4, 2013, Mr. Rajeev Mehta has been appointed Chief Executive Officer, IT Services, and will no longer serve as the company’s Group Chief Executive — Industries and Markets.“Mr. Ramakrishnan Chandrasekaran has been appointed Executive Vice-Chairman, Cognizant India, and will no longer serve as the Company’s Group Chief Executive — Technology and Operations,” Cognizant said in the filing.Meanwhile, Cognizant, in a statement, said: “To fill the very large shoes of Chandra in the delivery organisation, Sumithra Gomatam, Debashis Chatterjee, and Allen Shaheen will assume new responsibilities reporting to Mr. Rajeev Mehta.”Mr. Sumithra Gomatam will be Executive Vice-President (EVP) and take the newly-created role of President, Industry Solutions. Delivery teams in Products & Resources, Insurance, Information Media & Entertainment and Communications & Technology will report to him, the U.S-based firm added.Mr. Debashis Chatterjee has also been promoted to EVP, and will take the newly-created role of President, Technology Solutions with responsibility for horizontal practices within IT Services.Mr .Allen Shaheen has been promoted to EVP, and will continue to be responsible for Cognizant’s horizontal practices in Europe and for oversight of the integration of six companies of the C1 Group. In addition, he will assume leadership of our EAS and QE&A teams outside of India, it added.Cognizant also appointed Kris Venkat as President (Healthcare & Life Sciences), Prasad Chintamaneni as President (Banking and Financial Services) and D K Sinha as President (Client Services). Both Mr. Chintamaneni and Mr. Sinha have been promoted as EVP.The firm also promoted Mahesh Venkateswaran, Kalyan Mohan, Srinivasan Veeraraghavachary, Santosh Thomas, Mark Livingston, Gajen Kandiah and Steven Schwartz as EVP. More In BusinessIndustrymanagement changeIT Enabled Services Related Articles  CIO Sukumar Rajagopal quits Cognizant  Cognizant to hire 10,000 in U.S. amidst outsourcing concerns  Cognizant plans a slew of promotions on robust earnings  Strong Q3 helps Cognizant raise guidance again  Cognizant buys subsidiary of Belgian insurance group  Cognizant acquires Equinox « Previous StoryCourt seeks Centre’s response to Swamy’s plea on Jet-Etihad dealNext Story »Bali deal a boost to exports, says industryPlease Wait while comments are loading... This article is closed for comments.Please Email the Editor Printable version | Jul 28, 2017 5:39:57 PM | http://www.thehindu.com/business/Industry/toplevel-shuffle-at-cognizant/article5433928.ece  © The Hindu  MPC members to get ₹1.5 lakh per meet, must disclose assets  RBI panel will need to observe ‘silent period’ 7 days before and after rate decision PTI Top Picks in The Hindu today ‘Indu Sarkar’ review: much ado about nothing'Nibunan': Killer premise'Indu Sarkar' quick reviewMalware affects 60,000 BSNL broadband modems in KarnatakaCarbon dating confirms Keezhadi site is from Sangam eraThe ‘Dr’ is in (or is it?)Arundhati Roy’s book in Man Booker longlistJapanese, Sri Lankan among Magsaysay award winners Raag Desh: Lessons in historyTendulkar recalls 1998 Sharjah knocks against AustraliaClose XNext Story >> Bali deal a boost to exports, says industry 

Security Check Required






FacebookJoin or Log Into Facebook   Email or PhonePasswordForgot account?Log InDo you want to join Facebook?Sign UpSign UpSecurity CheckPlease enter the text belowCan't read the text above?Try another text or an audio captchaText in the box:What's this?Security CheckThis is a standard security test that we use to prevent spammers from creating fake accounts and spamming users.SubmitEnglish (US)EspañolFrançais (France)中文(简体)العربيةPortuguês (Brasil)Italiano한국어Deutschहिन्दी日本語MessengerFacebook LitePeoplePlacesGamesLocationsCelebritiesMarketplaceGroupsRecipesMomentsInstagramAboutCreate AdCreate PageDevelopersCareersPrivacyCookiesAd ChoicesTermsSettingsActivity Log Facebook © 2017





Insider Trading - Shaheen Allen - Form 4 SEC Filings












Home |
Archives |
Products |
About |
Contact |
FAQ |



New User?
Sign Up | 
Sign In









Form 4 Filings


Insider Buys


Significant Buys


Penny StocksInsider Buying


Insider Sales




Insider Buy Sell Ratios


Stock Options


Insider TradingStock Screener


Insider TradingGraph View


Insider Watch





Sec Filings Insider Trading - Shaheen Allen





Select Time period: 
1 Month
2 Months
3 Months
6 Months
1 Year
2 Years
3 Years
4 Years
All Data
 

     



google

   



yahoo!



Send this page to:  

Blog
  



Digg

  



Reddit

  



Facebook

  



Stumble

  



del.icio.us








Enter Stock Ticker Symbol or Cik:




Cik Lookup...






Search By Company or Insider Name:







"Insiders might sell their shares for any number of reasons, but they buy them for only one:
they think the price will rise"
- Peter Lynch ==>>

What is insider trading>>



Email a friend >>...







Historical filings delayed by 6 months. New user?
Sign Up for real time data.
Existing user?
Sign In

Common stock purchase or sale:



TransactionDate
ReportedDate
Company
Symbol
InsiderRelationship
SharesTraded
AveragePrice
TotalAmount
SharesOwned
Filing




2016-12-03Sale
2016-12-065:33 pm
Cognizant Technology Solutions Corp
CTSH
Shaheen AllenEVP Corporate Development
3,709
$54.33
$201,525
5,402(Direct)
View




Stock options: Exercise, Award, Grant, Conversion



TransactionDate
ReportedDate
ExercisableExpiration
Company
Symnbol
InsiderRelationship
SharesTraded
ConversionPrice
SharesOwned
Filing




2016-12-03Exercise
2016-12-065:33 pm
N/AN/A
Cognizant Technology Solutions Corp
CTSH
Shaheen AllenEVP Corporate Development
666
$0
5,402(Direct)
View


2016-12-03Tax Withholding
2016-12-065:33 pm
N/AN/A
Cognizant Technology Solutions Corp
CTSH
Shaheen AllenEVP Corporate Development
318
$54.02
5,402(Direct)
View


2016-12-03Exercise
2016-12-065:33 pm
N/AN/A
Cognizant Technology Solutions Corp
CTSH
Shaheen AllenEVP Corporate Development
3,549
$0
5,402(Direct)
View


2016-12-03Tax Withholding
2016-12-065:33 pm
N/AN/A
Cognizant Technology Solutions Corp
CTSH
Shaheen AllenEVP Corporate Development
1,693
$54.02
5,402(Direct)
View


2016-12-03Exercise
2016-12-065:33 pm
2016-12-032016-12-03
Cognizant Technology Solutions Corp
CTSH
Shaheen AllenEVP Corporate Development
666
$0
5,402(Direct)
View


2016-12-03Exercise
2016-12-065:33 pm
2016-12-032016-12-03
Cognizant Technology Solutions Corp
CTSH
Shaheen AllenEVP Corporate Development
3,549
$0
5,402(Direct)
View


2016-12-01Option Award
2016-12-056:52 pm
N/AN/A
Cognizant Technology Solutions Corp
CTSH
Shaheen AllenEVP Corporate Development
7,633
$0
7,633(Direct)
View









    © 2005-2017 SecForm4.Com All rights reserved.
    Archives:
    2017 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 ... 
    Fri, 28 Jul 2017 14:06:13 -0500
  

    SEC is the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. EDGAR is a trademark of the SEC.
    SecForm4.Com is not affiliated with or approved by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC).
Terms of Use |
    Privacy Statement |
  










Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version

















Allen  Shaheen's Phone & Address | PeopleByName















 
Contact
Login










 Home
People Alphabetically
S
Shaheen

Allen  Shaheen




People directory with over 600,000,000 names!

Record ID: 250721038Allen  Shaheen521 Rialto AveVenice, CA 90291Age 55 (Born AUG 1962)(310) 372-5048Background Check - Available
Record ID: 250721039Allen  Shaheen219 Vassar StCambridge, MA 02139Age 55 (Born AUG 1962)Background Check - Available
Record ID: 250721040Allen  Shaheen68 Old Meribeth RdHampton, VA 23669Age 55 (Born AUG 1962)(757) 851-1056Background Check - Available
Record ID: 250721041Allen  Shaheen8 Cambridge StCambridge, MA 02141Age 55 (Born AUG 1962)Background Check - Available
Record ID: 250721042Allen  Shaheen1241 Hebden CvVirginia Beach, VA 23452Age 55 (Born AUG 1962)(617) 267-7027Background Check - Available
Record ID: 250721043Allen  Shaheen304 Vassar StCambridge, MA 02139Age 55 (Born AUG 1962)Background Check - Available
Record ID: 250721044Allen  Shaheen67 Basto Ter #2Roslindale, MA 02131Age 55 (Born AUG 1962)Background Check - Available
Record ID: 250721045Allen  Shaheen99 Harlow St #1Arlington, MA 02474Age 55 (Born AUG 1962)(757) 851-6908Background Check - Available
Record ID: 250721046Allen  Shaheen17 Wilson Ave #1Watertown, MA 02472Age 55 (Born AUG 1962)(757) 851-6908Background Check - Available
Record ID: 250721047Allen  Shaheen7 Mayer CtHampton, VA 23664Age 55 (Born AUG 1962)Background Check - Available
Record ID: 250721048Allen  Shaheen33 Harlow St #1Arlington, MA 02474Age 55 (Born AUG 1962)(757) 851-6908Background Check - Available
Record ID: 250721049Allen  Shaheen67 Saint Botolph St #2Boston, MA 02116Age 55 (Born AUG 1962)(617) 267-7027Background Check - Available
Record ID: 250721467Allen N Shaheen1462 Mt Pisgah RdWalnut Creek, CA 94596Age 46 (Born JUN 1971)(925) 381-6765Background Check - Available
Record ID: 250721468Allen N Shaheen4701 San Leandro St #21Oakland, CA 94601Age 46 (Born JUN 1971)Background Check - Available
Record ID: 250721469Allen N Shaheen1959 N 6th StConcord, CA 94519Age 46 (Born JUN 1971)Background Check - Available
Record ID: 250721470Allen N Shaheen518 Florence AveOakland, CA 94618Age 46 (Born JUN 1971)(510) 654-7259Background Check - Available
Record ID: 250721471Allen N Shaheen50 Island CtWalnut Creek, CA 94595Age 46 (Born JUN 1971)(510) 280-0322Background Check - Available
Record ID: 250721472Allen N Shaheen3719 Whitworth DrDublin, CA 94568Age 46 (Born JUN 1971)532-9006Background Check - Available
Record ID: 250721473Allen N Shaheen1959 6th AveOakland, CA 94606Age 46 (Born JUN 1971)Background Check - Available








 


 




1,379,043,021 total records available




Tweet





  Testimonials Read testimonials from real customers who already used our services. Read More

  Webmasters Earn 75% commission on every sale you drive to our website. Weekly payouts! Read More

   Mobile Version Visit us from your smart phone anywhere you are. Read More

   Recent Lookups Check out the most recent reverse phone lookups on PeopleByName.com Read More

 



 Home Mobile Version Phone Directory People Directory Remove information
 Terms of Service Privacy Policy Affiliate Program About Us 
 Member Login Frequently Asked Questions Contact Us Testimonials 
 Careers Product & Services Volume Discounts Site Map 




© PeopleByName All Rights Reserved. 2010-2017







Shaheen N Allen - Dublin, CA | Intelius



























Sign In



We found Shaheen N Allen in Dublin, CA


Shaheen N Allen

                                                                                       Intelius found that Shaheen N Allen  is  a female between 40 and 50 years old from Dublin, CA.  We have connected them to
                6 addresses,
                6 phones,
                and 5 relatives or associates.
         





Also Known As

Shaheen Anton Allen


Get Report Now

Age

Shaheen N Allen is in her 40s

Shaheen Has Lived In

Dublin, CA
Oakland, CA
Walnut Creek, CA

Shaheen's Relatives

Lila Gaitan
Anton Allen
Adrienne Allen
Jacqueline Allen







Shaheen N Allen



Zodiac SignGemini



GenderFemale



Professional Status
Utility worker at Alameda County Water District



Get Report Now










Want to know more about Shaheen? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about Shaheen, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on Shaheen N Allen
Get a Criminal Check on Shaheen N Allen
Get a Public Record Report on Shaheen N Allen
Get a People Search Report on Shaheen N Allen


Shaheen N Allen's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where Shaheen N Allen has lived as well as Shaheen N Allen's phone numbers and email addresses.




Shaheen N Allen Has Lived in 1 States
California Address for Shaheen N Allen


3719 W******** D* 

Dublin, CA


Has Lived In

Dublin, CA
Oakland, CA


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with Shaheen N Allen

(925) ***-**** - Dublin, CA 
(925) ***-**** - Dublin, CA 
() ***-**** - Dublin, CA 


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with Shaheen N Allen

s***********n@***.net


Get Email Report




Shaheen N Allen's Education Information
Known Schools Attended
Learn about Shaheen N Allen's academic history.  Find out which schools Shaheen N Allen attended, the dates attended as well as the degrees Shaheen N Allen received.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Shaheen N Allen Has Attended 1 School
Canyon Del Oro High School 1985 – 1989                              


Shaheen N Allen's Professional Information
Information regarding Shaheen N Allen's professional history.  Find out previous places Shaheen N Allen has worked as well as dates employed.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Shaheen N Allen Has Worked at 1 Place
Company: Alameda County Water District
               Title: Utility worker
Shaheen N Allen's Experience
Title: Utility worker
               Company: Alameda County Water District
Job Details

Additional Professional Information on Shaheen N Allen

 See Shaheen N Allen's LinkedIn Profile



Shaheen N Allen's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for Shaheen N Allen


Shaheen N Allen's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of Shaheen N Allen's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
Shaheen Allen
Username Matches

                  ShaheenAllen
                  AllenShaheen
                  Shaheen.Allen
                  Allen.Shaheen
                  Shaheen_Allen
                  Allen_Shaheen
                  Shaheen-Allen
                  Allen-Shaheen
                  SAllen
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
S Allen







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.
















Interview with Brandy Eve Allen Creator of the Invisible Light Tarot | Shaheen Miro





































































Shaheen Miro











Interview with Brandy Eve Allen Creator of the Invisible Light Tarot

Posted on May 22, 2017  by  Shaheen Miro 
3


“Over the years I’ve gone out into the wild, along with my camera, using rare and expired films to capture portraits of others and myself creating a magical alternative universe.” -Brandy Eve Allen, Invisible Light Tarot 
The Invisible Light Tarot is a beautiful work of art filled with images that act as keys to another world. Each image is has a spiritual life force that jumps off the card and pulls you in deeper. In this interview with deck creator, Brandy Eve Allen, she shares her story about Tarot, Photography and the birth of this deeply evocative deck. She invite you to step into a world of Invisible light where light and shadow intermingle to reveal the facets of your soul and your deepest wisdom…
Want to experience the Invisible Light? Get your copy, HERE. 

How did your creative journey begin?
It began when I was a little girl singing and dancing on the streets of New York… I’ve always been a creative person. While my schoolmates were all trying to figure themselves out, I already knew pretty clear that I was an artist and meant to be making art. I love to paint, cook, make music, sculpt, and of course photography.
How have you been moved, or changed by Art?
Without art, I wouldn’t have the identity I have now, I wouldn’t have been able to throw my bevy of emotions into something and would probably have turned out a tornado of a person, and I also probably wouldn’t have struggled in the world the way an artist comes to experience. Art can be like the best and worst lover all in one, giving you access to so much expression and at the same time can leave you stranded and feeling like you don’t matter. I can confuse making art with public opinion sometimes. When the need for validation leaks into my creative process, I get distracted. I always have to come back to this one place where creating is about me within my process and nothing else matters, that’s where one truly gets lost enough to where something fantastic can be found.
What was your first interaction with Tarot?
I was introduced to tarot by a deck of cards and books that my mom passed along to me from her younger days. It wasn’t something that she was necessarily into, but she was compelled to pass them along and I would do card readings for myself throughout the years. When I would feel lost about something, I would do a card reading and trust that whatever message was coming through was something I needed to hear.


How has Tarot influenced your view of art and the creative process?
I’ve mostly familiarized myself with the Rider-Waite deck illustrations and love the idea of visual symbolism. I think that both tarot and my art embrace duality, the lightness and shadow of being.
How did the Invisible Light Tarot begin?
This is the weird thing, I have o idea… I really believe that it began subconsciously from an intuitive space, which seems appropriate. Somewhere the idea began to formulate and without thinking I started to match my photographic images with the meanings and visuals from the tarot. From there I just kept going. It was meant to be more of a functional and different way of sharing my photography, however it really took shape as an authentic tarot deck.
What is different about the Invisible Light Tarot from other decks on the market?
I haven’t seen too many photographic tarot decks, so it seemed like a unique idea to pair the two. What sets mine apart really comes down to the imagery. The photographs are really vibrant and timeless, shot with rare and expired film stocks. A lot of time and travelling went into making these images, so there’s a lot of energy in these cards. The book that was written by myself and my friend, Sarah Harron which comes with the deck was also really thought out. We spent many hours reading, discussing and writing to come up with words that really carry the essence of what these meanings are about.
Can you talk a bit about the soul of the deck? I always feel like every deck has a personal story, and spirit that permeates every image.
Like I was saying about what went into making these images. These photographs are each pieces of art that I’ve invested myself into. There’s a sincerity, a commitment, a lot of living that’s gone into the creating of these images. Making art is something that allows me space to reconcile that which is trying to be understood and felt, there’s so much feeling that goes into what I do.
How has your creative process changed since creating the Invisible Light Tarot?
I think I’ve been shooting images that are more up close and personal lately, but the magic that went into the Invisible Light tarot images is still there, it’s just evolving itself into another style.

Can you share a special way you like to use the deck? Maybe a ritual, or some alternative technique for working with the cards…
My favorite way I like working with the deck is a simple three-card spread I like to call “The Conversation Spread”. I ask people to knock the deck with their dominant hand to get the old energies out and their energy in, then pick three cards. One to get the conversation started, the second to elaborate and the third card is where the conversation leaves off.

“From The Invisible Light Guidebook”
Where can people find out more about you, and your work?
People can read more about INVISIBLE LIGHT and see some samples of cards from the deck at www.invisiblelighttarot.com and more of my photography at www.brandyeveallen.com
Thank you so much for being here… And sharing your creative spirit with us. Xoxo.

ABOUT Brandy Eve Allen
Allen’s work has been exhibited throughout Italy, where she also lived and worked in her twenties, gaining early recognition for her photographs. She continues to create, bringing to bear the landscapes of central and southern California as her backdrop. Using film, light and intuition, Allen draws out and captures the essence of her subject. She doesn’t shy away from the violence of this world; rather, she uses it to invoke its opposite, and her photographs are not only fearless and tender, but also generous and authentic. As many qualities as they take on, from elegant to inquisitive to eerie, Allen’s work is always unflinchingly honest. “Beauty,” Allen maintains, “is about transparent sincerity.”
© Shaheen Miro © Brandy Eve Allen
 
 
Please share...FacebookTwitterGoogleMorePinterestEmailTumblrLike this:Like Loading...

Related
 




			3 thoughts on “Interview with Brandy Eve Allen Creator of the Invisible Light Tarot”		


Pingback: Shaheen’s Weekly Intuitive Forecast Video May 29, 2017 | Shaheen Miro


Pingback: Shaheen’s Weekly Intuitive Forecast Video June 5, 2017 | Shaheen Miro


Pingback: Shaheen’s Weekly Intuitive Forecast Video June 12, 2017 | Shaheen Miro



Leave a Reply Cancel reply 



Enter your comment here...




Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in:



























 
 


Email (required) (Address never made public)



Name (required)



Website














 You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change )












 You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change )












 You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change )












 You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change )




Cancel
Connecting to %s




 Notify me of new comments via email.
 



 







Newsletter Sign-up 



Follow Social Media 












Visual World 


Search Website 
Search



Shaheen Miro Insights About Shaheen
Intuitive Coaching Series
Spiritual Services

Intuitive Guidance Sessions
Tea Leaf Reading Ceremony
Energy Clearing and Intention Setting Session
ONE Question Intuitive Reading


Mystical Products

Shaheen’s Tattered Nomad Oracle
The Gypsy’s Aura Elixir
Sacred Sage and Botanical Bundles
Astral Familiar Tote
Personalized Crystal Kit


Contact Shaheen
Newsletter Sign-up
Email Subscription

Enter your email address to subscribe to this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email.
Join 1,701 other followers







 


 














Post to



Cancel







 









Send to Email Address

Your Name

Your Email Address






Cancel

				Post was not sent - check your email addresses!			

				Email check failed, please try again			

				Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.			









 
%d bloggers like this:









































































































































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft









                          Shaneen Allen, race and gun control - The Washington Post                                                                         2         Desktop notifications are on   | Turn off      Get breaking news alerts from  The Washington Post   Turn on desktop notifications?  Yes Not now    It looks like you've previously blocked notifications. Please update your browser permissions to allow them.                    Subscribe       Account Profile Newsletters & Alerts Gift Subscriptions Contact Us Help Desk              Accessibility for screenreader                Share on Facebook  Share on Twitter  Share on Google Plus  Share via Email  Share on LinkedIn  Share on Pinterest  Share on Tumblr           Resize Text Print Article  Comments             The inside track on Washington politics.     Be the first to know about new   stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published.    You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published.    You’re all set!       Sign up   *Invalid email address   Got it   Got it                                    The Watch Shaneen Allen, race and gun control            The inside track on Washington politics.     Be the first to know about new   stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published.    You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published.    You’re all set!       Sign up   *Invalid email address   Got it   Got it                By Radley Balko  By Radley Balko   July 22, 2014  Follow @radleybalko    Last October, Shaneen Allen, 27, was pulled over in Atlantic County, N.J. The officer who pulled her over says she made an unsafe lane change. During the stop, Allen informed the officer that she was a resident of Pennsylvania and had a conceal carry permit in her home state. She also had a handgun in her car. Had she been in Pennsylvania, having the gun in the car would have been perfectly legal. But Allen was pulled over in New Jersey, home to some of the strictest gun control laws in the United States. Allen is a black single mother. She has two kids. She has no prior criminal record. Before her arrest, she worked as a phlebobotomist. After she was robbed two times in the span of about a year, she purchased the gun to protect herself and her family. There is zero evidence that Allen intended to use the gun for any other purpose. Yet Allen was arrested. She spent 40 days in jail before she was released on bail. She’s now facing a felony charge that, if convicted, would bring a three-year mandatory minimum prison term. At first blush, much about Allen’s case seems counterintuitive. When we think about the gun control debate, we typically picture progressive pundits, politicians and activists arguing with white, conservative activists and politicians representing rural interests. When I first posted her story to Twitter, a couple of progressive responders predicted that because Allen is a black single mother, the gun rights community would all but ignore her. But that hasn’t been true at all. In fact, Allen has become something of a rallying point for gun rights activists. She is being represented by Evan Nappen, an attorney who specializes in gun cases and is a gun rights activist himself. Some conservatives have similarly accused progressives of ignoring Allen’s case because she stands accused of a gun crime. It’s certainly true that her case has received much more attention from the right than the left. But Nappen says he has seen plenty of support for her from racial justice groups, too. As it turns out, Allen’s case isn’t unusual at all. Although white people occasionally do become the victims of overly broad gun laws (for example, see the outrageous prosecution of Brian Aitken, also in New Jersey), the typical person arrested for gun crimes is more likely to have the complexion of Shaneen Allen than, say, Sarah Palin. Last year, 47.3 percent of those convicted for federal gun crimes were black — a racial disparity larger than any other class of federal crimes, including drug crimes. In a 2011 report on mandatory minimum sentencing for gun crimes, the U.S. Sentencing Commission found that blacks were far more likely to be charged and convicted of federal gun crimes that carry mandatory minimum sentences. They were also more likely to be hit with “enhancement” penalties that added to their sentences. In fact, the racial discrepancy for mandatory minimums was even higher than the aforementioned disparity for federal gun crimes in general:      Source: U.S. Sentencing Commission    Some on the law-and-order right will argue here that the disproportionate number of arrests, convictions and mandatory minimum sentences for black offenders is merely a reflection of the fact that black people are disproportionately likely to commit these sorts of crimes. Progressives will argue that the disparity reflects institutional racism in the criminal justice system. There’s some truth to both. But there’s no disputing the figures. Much of this boils down to professional discretion. When a person victimizes another person with a gun, the offending person has already committed a crime. And in nearly every state and under federal law, it is already an additional crime to use or possess a gun while doing something that is already a crime. So when gun control advocates say we need to crack down on gun offenders, or when they propose that we create new gun crimes, they aren’t suggesting we crack down on people who use guns to rob banks or to commit murders. We already go after those people. What they’re proposing is that we target people who possess, sell or transport guns not because they want to hurt people with them, but for reasons ranging from what most reasonable people would believe to be justifiable (like Shaneen Allen) to what gun control proponents would likely consider objectionable (the gun shop owners and gun manufacturers who make money selling weapons). If you’re an advocate for gun control, you could certainly argue that the tradeoff here is worth it. There’s an argument to be made that we still need to target irresponsible gun owners and gun merchants, even if they aren’t using guns to victimize people, because their guns could end up in the hands of people who do. But if you’re going to make that argument, you also need to understand that prosecuting people under these circumstances means that we’ll be putting more people in prison. And who those people are will reflect all of the biases, prejudices and predispositions present in the laws we already have. It will also mean giving a lot more discretion to law enforcement officials and prosecutors. When someone robs a bank with a gun or kills someone with a gun, there’s no debate about who needs to be investigated and prosecuted. When a police agency is charged to seek out and prosecute people who are illegally possessing or transferring guns, they’re required to use their own discretion when it comes to what communities to target and what methods they’ll use to target them. Inevitably, this will manifest as sting operations against communities with little political clout. (Or, just as troubling, deliberately targeting people for political reasons.) Just this week, an incredible investigation by USA Today reporter Brad Heath demonstrated just how this plays out in the real world: The nation’s top gun-enforcement agency overwhelmingly targeted racial and ethnic minorities as it expanded its use of controversial drug sting operations, a USA TODAY investigation shows. The Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives has more than quadrupled its use of those stings during the past decade, quietly making them a central part of its attempts to combat gun crime. The operations are designed to produce long prison sentences for suspects enticed by the promise of pocketing as much as $100,000 for robbing a drug stash house that does not actually exist. At least 91% of the people agents have locked up using those stings were racial or ethnic minorities, USA TODAY found after reviewing court files and prison records from across the United States. Nearly all were either black or Hispanic. That rate is far higher than among people arrested for big-city violent crimes, or for other federal robbery, drug and gun offenses. The ATF operations raise particular concerns because they seek to enlist suspected criminals in new crimes rather than merely solving old ones, giving agents and their underworld informants unusually wide latitude to select who will be targeted. In some cases, informants said they identified targets for the stings after simply meeting them on the street. Heath points out that a federal judge recently accused the agency of “trolling poor neighborhoods” in search of patsies. In some cases, the ATF — the federal agency that exists to fight gun crime — actually supplied its targets with the guns the agents would then arrest them for using to rob stash houses — which were also set up by the ATF. In April of last year, the Milwuakee Journal Sentinel reported that ATF agents in Milwaukee had set up a fake store front, then convinced a black man with brain damage to set up illegal gun and drug sales. They later arrested him for those crimes. At the time, the ATF told the Milwaukee Journal-Sentinel that the sting was an isolated incident. It wasn’t. The paper later discovered similar sting operations targeting minorities and mentally disabled people all over the country. In the 1990s, gun rights activists accused the ATF of explicitly targeting people for their advocacy (with plenty of evidence to back their claims), often with violent and destructive raids on their homes. You needn’t be a Second Amendment purist to understand the implications of using the discretion that comes with enforcing victimless crimes to target people for their political views, any more than you need to be a racial justice activist to understand the injustice of using the same discretion and the same laws to primarily target people of color, people whose mental capacity makes them particularly susceptible to persuasion, or people who lack the clout or resources to defend themselves. One could argue that the gun laws don’t need to be enforced in a racially discriminatory manner or in the catastrophically inept manner we’ve seen at the ATF. But you enforce the gun laws with the institutions you have, not the institutions you want. If we’re going to enforce gun laws that require discretion on the part of investigators and prosecutors — and add new laws to boot — we can only consider the demonstrated history of how investigators and prosecutors have used that discretion, not some idealized prosecutor or ATF investigator that we’d want to be in charge. Discretion is a a big factor in the Allen case, too. According to Nappen, Atlantic County Prosecutor Jim McClain could have put Allen in a diversionary program for first-time offenders of victimless crimes that would have allowed her to avoid jail time. He didn’t. “Let’s remember, Shaneen Allen volunteered to the police officer that she had a gun and a permit,” Nappen says. “This isn’t something she was trying to hide. She didn’t think she’d done anything wrong. This was a victimless crime, and it’s just unconscionable that they’re putting her and her family through all of this. It could all be avoided.” Nappen says McClain has yet to give a reason for refusing to allow Allen into the diversionary program. McClain’s office did not respond to a request for comment. The ATF is of course a federal agency. Shaneen Allen was arrested under New Jersey law. Nappen says he doesn’t know of any demographic data on gun arrests and prosecutions in New Jersey, but it’s an area of law in which he specializes, and he says by his estimate, the state figures probably mirror the federal data. “The institutional racism in our gun control laws is rampant. It goes back to the post Civil War era, when the laws were passed to keep black people and American Indians from arming themselves.” Nappen adds that the national gun control laws passed in the late 1960s were in response to racial riots taking place across the country. It’s a sentiment echoed by the progressive author and investigative reporter Robert Sherrill, who conceded in his book “The Saturday Night Special” that the laws were more about “black control” than gun control, and more recently in Nicholas Johnson’s just-published book, “Negroes and the Gun.” It’s also worth noting that the crime control policy most well-known, widely loathed and roundly condemned by racial justice activists — the New York Police Department’s stop-and-frisk policy — is at heart a gun control initiative. Its most high-profile champion is former mayor Michael Bloomberg, also a high-profile proponent of gun control laws like those in New Jersey. Of course, none of this necessarily means that gun control advocates are wrong. It’s certainly possible that despite these flaws, a more robust system of gun control in the United States could net more good than harm. But make no mistake, more gun laws and more enforcement of victimless gun crimes will mean more people in prison. Those new prisoners will be disproportionately black and Hispanic. These realities need to be part of the discussion. As for Shaneen Allen, Nappen says he is still hoping that McClain has a change of heart and allows her to enter the diversion program. If not, they will go to trial. Nappen says Allen is also protected by an amnesty period passed into law that allowed gun owners to surrender their weapons from August 2013 to February 2014 without fear of punishment. Whether Allen technically “surrendered” her weapon is a legal question. But if she is denied that defense, she will almost certainly go to trial, and under New Jersey’s gun law, she will have no real defense. Unless her jury engages in a defiant act of nullification, she will be convicted, and her trial judge will have no choice but to sentence her to the three-year minimum. At that point, her only hope will be to appeal to the New Jersey governor for clemency or a pardon. Current New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie commuted the sentence for Brian Aitken, whom Nappen also represented. Aitken’s case inspired a lot of outrage, but it didn’t result in any change in the law. So we’re back to discretion. Discretion is a double-edged sword. Used properly, it can help avoid the unjust outcomes that will fall through the cracks when applying a uniform criminal code to a large population. But when enforcing victimless crimes, police and prosecutorial discretion can quickly become a tool of injustice, even of systematic oppression. Unless the laws like those in New Jersey are changed, people like Brian Aitken and Shaneen Allen will continue to be wholly at the mercy and discretion of police, prosecutors and governors —and thus subject to all the biases and prejudices of the people who hold those positions. CORRECTION: This post originally identified Allen as a phlebologist. She is actually a phlebotomist.        opinions  the-watch Orlando Shooting Updates News and analysis on the deadliest mass shooting in U.S. history. post_newsletter348 follow-orlando true after3th false          Please provide a valid email address.           Sign up      You’re all set!   See all newsletters      true     The story must be told. Your subscription supports journalism that matters.   Try 1 month for 99¢             Comments           Share on FacebookShare       Share on TwitterTweet     Share via Email                  Radley Balko blogs about criminal justice, the drug war and civil liberties for The Washington Post. He is the author of the book "Rise of the Warrior Cop: The Militarization of America's Police Forces."  Follow @radleybalko                      Show Comments       Discussion Policy     Comments       SuperFan Badge SuperFan badge holders consistently post smart, timely comments about Washington area sports and teams. More about badges | Request a badge   Culture Connoisseur Badge Culture Connoisseurs consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on the arts, lifestyle and entertainment. More about badges | Request a badge   Fact Checker Badge Fact Checkers contribute questions, information and facts to The Fact Checker. More about badges | Request a badge   Washingtologist Badge Washingtologists consistently post thought-provoking, timely comments on events, communities, and trends in the Washington area. More about badges | Request a badge   Post Writer Badge This commenter is a Washington Post editor, reporter or producer.   Post Forum Badge Post Forum members consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on politics, national and international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge   Weather Watcher Badge Weather Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on climates and forecasts. More about badges | Request a badge   World Watcher Badge World Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge   Post Contributor Badge This commenter is a Washington Post contributor. Post contributors aren’t staff, but may write articles or columns. In some cases, contributors are sources or experts quoted in a story. More about badges | Request a badge   Post Recommended Washington Post reporters or editors recommend this comment or reader post.   You must be logged in to report a comment. Sign in here   You must be logged in to recommend a comment. Sign in here   Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers.All comments are posted in the All Comments tab. More about badgesGet a badge  To pause and restart automatic updates, click "Live" or "Paused". If paused, you'll be notified of the number of additional comments that have come in.    Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers.          Spam Offensive Disagree Off-Topic        Among the criteria for featured comments: likes by users, replies by users, previous history of valuable commenting, and selection by moderators.                 Facebook  Twitter  Reddit     StumbleUpon  Digg                           Most Read        1    Opinion  Now that Trumpcare has failed, it’s time to drop all the lies       2    Opinion  This is what you get when you elect Republicans       3    Opinion  John Delaney: Why I’m running for president       4    Opinion  The worst is yet to come       5    Opinion  Can McConnell and Ryan be repaired, or must they be repealed and replaced?            The story must be told. Subscribe to The Washington Post.   Subscribe            Our Online Games    Play right from this page                    Mahjongg Dimensions  Strategy game              Mahjongg Candy  Strategy game              Word Wipe  Word game                   opinions  the-watch     Success! Check your inbox for details.        Please enter a valid email address    You might also like:                 Sign Up No Thanks   See all newsletters        washingtonpost.com © 1996-2017 The Washington Post   Help and Contact Us Terms of Service Privacy Policy Print Products Terms of Sale Digital Products Terms of Sale Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices        Close video player   Now Playing                       Read content from allstate           Content from Allstate  This content is paid for by an advertiser and published by WP BrandStudio. The Washington Post newsroom was not involved in the creation of this content. Learn more about WP BrandStudio.   We went to the source. Here’s what matters to millennials. A state-by-state look at where Generation Y stands on the big issues.                                                     


Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











	Search Engine Marketing (SEM) - Bing Ads








































































































Skip to content











Sign upSign in


 


















You run your business. We'll help find your customers.
Bing Ads can help build your business and drive your success. Spend $25 and get $100 in advertising credit.†

†Offer details




Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.







Coupon code class

First name:

Last name:

Email:

Your website URL

Business phone



*Required
Microsoft may contact you to provide updates and special offers about Bing Ads. You can unsubscribe at any time. To learn more you can read the privacy statement.
Type the code from the image:

Enter security code:







             























×
Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.


†Offer Details: Offer expires December 31, 2017.  Valid only for new Bing Ads customers who are first party recipients of the offer email. A new Bing Ads customer is one that has not advertised on Bing Ads before. Enter promotional coupon code and spend $25 (applies to threshold and prepaid accounts) to receive $100 in Bing Ads credits. Limit one promotion code per new Bing Ads customer. Promotional code must be redeemed within thirty (30) days of Bing Ads new customer account creation. Ad campaign costs accrued before receiving a credit, as well as costs accrued after all credits are used, will be charged to the payment method associated with the Bing Ads account. If customer payment fails, the coupon amount will not be applied.  Ads will continue to run and accrue costs after any promotional credit has been used up. Any portion of the credit not used within ninety (90) days of credit redemption will expire and can't be carried over even if the Bing Ads Customer switches their payment method. Offer valid only to residents of the United States. In order for the offer to be valid, a form of payment must be entered into your account prior to redemption of the promotional code and prior to your account going live to take advantage of the credit. This offer may not be combined with any other offer, promotional code coupon or discount, separated, redeemed for cash, transferred, sold, or bartered. Microsoft, in its sole discretion, can close your account for any suspected coupon abuse. Refund of the $25 is not permitted.  See Bing Ads Terms and Conditions for more details at sign-up. Other terms and conditions may apply.  Microsoft reserves the right to cancel, change, or suspend this offer at any time without notice.









See how Bing Ads works



Customers search


Customers see your ad


Customers contact you


Watch how Bing Ads works  
 








×
How Bing Ads works

















Help more customers find you
See how Bing can attract customers your Google AdWords campaigns can't.

Reach 137 million searchers on the Bing Network.1
Tap into 32.9% of the search marketplace.2
Get in front of searchers who spend 16 percent more than the average internet searcher.2











Powerful network. Powerful benefits.



Reach across devicesConnect with customers looking for your business anytime, anywhere, on any device.


Go global or localReach people in the Bing Network everywhere or focus on cities, counties and areas within a certain distance from your business.


Easy to importIf you're already using another product like Google Adwords, it's easy to pull that campaign into Bing Ads.








You control your costs

 Free sign-upJoin Bing Ads for free and control your account at every step.


 Only pay for clicksPay just when customers click on your ad. No click, no charge.


 No minimum feeStart advertising with a budget that works best for your business.









 



The advantage we gain in cost per click gives us a great return on investment — more than 35 percent better than Google AdWords.
Scott Redgate, search engine marketing manager — CJ Pony Parts
By using Bing Ads features like Image Extensions and Sitelink Extensions, this auto parts retailer races to convert customers and beat its competition.

 Read about driving more conversions







 



We might not get as much of the volume as with Google AdWords, but the volume of the traffic that we get converts really well at a lower cost.
Scott Schult, Executive Vice President of Marketing — Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau
The Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau uses Bing Ads to drive site traffic and tourism at lower cost.

 Read about getting better ROI








Better results for less cost. That's as simple as I can make it. If I look at the quality of the traffic we get for the dollars we spend on Bing Ads, our ROI is fantastic.
Alex Littlewood, CEO   Motoroso
Motoroso, a market network for auto enthusiasts, gets better results for less cost and reaches a high-value audience with Bing Ads.

 Read about attracting quality traffic



 









Import your AdWords campaigns

Save time by importing your Google AdWords campaigns into Bing Ads to get ads live quickly.


Sign in with your Microsoft account (or create one) to get started on Bing Ads.


From within the Bing Ads interface, select the Import from Google AdWords option.


Enter your Google AdWords credentials and select the campaign you want to import.










Preview your ad

Get found online with search engine marketing. Make the most of your marketing dollars and drive customers to your business.
See how Bing Ads can work for you




















Get started today
Give us a few details about your business to create a Bing Ads account and get it up and running.


  
Sign up
Get started with Bing Ads 
Signing up is always free.













FAQ


Is Bing Ads right for me?

Is Bing Ads right for my business?
All types of businesses find value and success with Bing Ads. Whether you're focused on local calls and foot traffic, or want to drive traffic to your website from across the country or around the world. Bing Ads has solutions for you.
I already appear in search results for free. Why should I pay for advertising?
Your current customers may search for your business by name, aiming it easy to find you in search results. But customers you've yet to reach are more likely searching for general terms that wouldn't necessarily bring up your business in search results. Advertising next to relevant Bing search results puts your business front and center with interested customers you otherwise might not reach.
What is the difference between SEO and SEM? Which one is right for me?
Search engine optimization (SEO) is adjusting your website to improve your natural ranking in search results. You cannot pay to improve your website ranking on Bing or Yahoo, thus we often refer to these results and unpaid or "organic" search results.

	Clicks from SEO are free. But SEO also requires technical expertise and involves some factors over which you have only limited control.

	Search engine marketing (SEM) is paid advertising that appears next to or above unpaid (or "organic") search results. These paid ads are purchased through Bing Ads.

	You pay for SEM clicks. But SEM gives you more control over when your website appears on results pages and you decide how much you want to pay. And you can measure which ads are working and quickly improve your results.

	You don't have to choose between SEO and SEM. You can do both!
If my time is limited, should I still try Bing ads?
Yes! Call a Bing Ads specialist at 877-635-3561*and we’ll set up your first campaign for you for free. We’ll give you tips on getting the most out of your ads and set you up for success. We’re here to help.




About Bing Ads

Where does my ad appear?
Your ads could appear on the top or to the right of Bing, Yahoo, and MSN search results. And you can choose to target your ads to different geographic regions, times or days of the week, and even demographics.
What determines my ad position?
Bing Ads is a pay-per-click (PPC) advertising system. You bid based on how much you are willing to pay per each click on your ad. Because webpages have a limited number of places to show ads, we auction those spaces. You are bidding against other advertisers to get your ads into the space you want. So if you bid on the keyword "shoe", you will have to beat the bids of the other advertisers who are also bidding on "shoe." You determine how much you are willing to bid.
	Your ad position is based on several things, including:
	
How closely your ad and website fit with the terms that are searched (relevance).
How your bid compares to other bids in the Bing Ads auction.
How strongly your ad has performed in the past and how often it has been clicked (click-through rate).

	The stronger you are in these areas, the better your chances of winning the top ad position.




How to use Bing Ads

How can I use Bing Ads to drive more people to my website?
Here are some tips to get better results:
	
Review your budget and bid strategy. If your ad keeps pausing, your budget limit may be set too low. Competitive bids help your ad stay in a strong position to catch eyes and get more clicks to your website.
Expand your targeting, both for location and for devices (computer, mobile and tablet).
Make sure your ads and website are relevant to the keywords you bid on. Would someone searching your terms expect to see and ad for your business?


How can I keep my costs down?
While your first instinct may be to lower your budget, first try lowering your maximum bids. Yes, this could mean fewer customers visit your site. But if you increase your quality score and build ads with a strong performance history, you may be able to win a good ad position with a lower bid. That would lower your cost=per-click and help stretch your budget.
How do I know if Bing Ads is working?
View a wide range of performance trends in your account to quickly see key stats: ad clicks, the number of times your ad appeared (impressions), spend, average cost-per-click, click-through rate, average ad position, cost per acquisition, and conversions. You can also run performance reports to get insights into how well your campaigns are doing.
Can I run more than one ad?
Yes! In fact, we encourage it. Only one ad will show at a time but running multiple ads lets you test different approaches to see what's working best with your target customers. Frequently, businesses try out different ads for specific products or pages.




Getting started with Bing Ads

How do I get started?
Sign up for Bing Ads
Which keywords should I choose?
You have a few options to help choose your keywords. First you'll want to think of the terms one of your customers might use to search for your products and offerings. Those search terms are a great starting point. Then you can use tools right in your account to find more keywords. Within Bing Ads, click Campaigns on the top of the page. Click the Keywords tab, and then click Add Keywords. This will let you:
	
Search for new keywords based on one you enter.
Search a website for keywords.
Search your destination URLs for keywords.


How can I write a good ad?
Here are a few tips that can help make your ad stand out.
	
Keep your ads relevant. One way to improve relevance is to use your customer's most popular search terms in your ad titles and txt.
Describe what sets your product apart.
Use your customers' language. Use words and writing tone that are likely to attract your typical customer.
Be specific. This clearer and more specific your offering, the better. For example, rather than "big discount," specify and exact percentage, such as "50 percent off."
Give customers a reason to click your ad right now. Offer a specific call to action, such as encouraging customers to request a brochure or consultation, download a free e-book, subscribe to a newsletter, or take advantage of a limited-time discount.























Sign up with Bing Ads to get started





































