


Hersha Hospitality Trust - Jay H. Shah
















COMPANY INVESTOR RELATIONS PROPERTY PORTFOLIO EARTHVIEW

Hersha Overview Hersha Facts Management Core Values




Jay H. Shah
    Chief Executive Officer,
    Hersha Hospitality Trust
Jay H. Shah is Hersha Hospitality Trust's Chief Executive Officer and a member of the Board of Trustees. Mr. Shah is involved in all areas of the business with a particular emphasis on strategic relationships, capital transactions, asset management, and acquisitions.
Prior to Hersha, Mr. Shah formed Shah & Byler, LLP, a law firm specializing in real estate and construction and was also a consultant at the former Coopers & Lybrand LLP, now PricewaterhouseCoopers.  Mr. Shah served as a legislative assistant to the late Senator John Heinz on Capitol Hill and has also worked with the Philadelphia District Attorney's office.
Mr. Shah received a Bachelor of Science degree from the Cornell University School of Hotel Administration, a Master’s degree from the Temple University’s Fox School of Business, and a Law degree from Temple University School of Law.
Mr. Shah serves on the Board of Trustees of The Episcopal Academy and Cornell University Dean’s Advisory Board for the School of Hotel Administration.  He is also a member of the Dean’s Council for Temple University’s Fox School of Business, Urban Land Institute’s Hotel Development Council, American Hotel & Lodging Association’s Board of Directors, Pennsylvania Academy of the Fine Arts, and President’s Leadership Council for Thomas Jefferson University and Jefferson Health.
RETURN TO MANAGEMENT PAGE




PRESS CENTER HERSHA ANNUAL REPORT CONTACT US TERMS OF USE



© 2017 Hersha Hospitality Trust. All Rights Reserved.















 




Shah, Jay H & Vijaya J MD PC                                                                                             - Richboro                                          , PA         - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



PA



Richboro



offices and Clinics of Medical Doctors



General And Family Practice, Physician/surgeon



                            Shah, Jay H & Vijaya J MD PC
                                    



 





















S 


Shah, Jay H & Vijaya J MD PC                                                                                            
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



862 2ND STREET PIKE RICHBORO, PA 18954
Get Directions



(215) 322-9292
 





Business Info



 Founded 1978
 Incorporated PA
 Annual Revenue $287,452.00
 Employee Count 2
 Industries General And Family Practice, Physician/surgeon
 Contacts Jay H Shah MD                                                                                                           







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Since 1978 the company has been providing General And Family Practice, Physician/surgeon. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







S

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.

























 













 








Shah, Jay H. - The Wall Street Transcript













































 





































Jay H. Shah
Jay H. Shah, Managing Director of the Hersha Group, currently
directs the investment strategy management of Hersha’s 22-hotel
portfolio. In this capacity, he is also responsible for
development activities and the structuring of all transactions in
which Hersha is involved. He is a graduate of the Cornell
University School of Hotel Administration and earned his law
degree and an MBA from Temple University. In his tenure at
Hersha, Mr. Shah has been closely involved in hundreds of
transactions including the IPO of Hersha Hospitality Trust.
Related Interviews:Jay Shah - Hersha Hospitality TrustJanuary 21, 2003







CartLatest NewsJames Abate of Centre Asset Management Sees Consumer Demand Driving New Stock HighsMalcolm E. Polley of Stewart Capital and How to Play the Health Care StocksTimothy Biltz, CEO of Lumos Networks Identifies the Key Component for Future 5G NetworksThe Wall Street Transcript is a completely unique resource for investors and business researchers.Over 20,000 CEO, Equity Analyst and Money Manager InterviewsSubscribe now!Sign Up For Newsletter Weekly email with New In-Depth Interviews


Email: 



Most Popular InterviewsDelivering Long-Term Results with a Risk-Managed Growth FundJames A. Abate Published July 20, 2017 in Investing StrategiesCompanies covered: AMAT JNJ COH RL COG NVDA ADBE ATVI KLAC AMZN NFLX GOOG FB GLW MU 005930 000660 WFM JWN CMG GPS EQT RICE SPLS Buy ($25)Finding Investments with Favorable Risk and Reward OpportunitiesHenry  Beukema Published July 19, 2017 in Investing StrategiesCompanies covered: ORCL MSFT NSRGY AMZN WFM LRLCY AGN LNR Buy ($25)Better Returns and Lower Risk in the Midcap SpaceMalcolm E. Polley Published July 18, 2017 in Investing StrategiesCompanies covered: PRAA HURN FII FL NKE AMZN WFM WBA RAD Buy ($25)Most Popular ReportsWireless Communications & Telecom Published July 14, 2017Buy ($175)Investing Strategies Published July 11, 2017Buy ($175)Investing Strategies Published June 30, 2017Buy ($175) 






Top Company Interviews






Register for a Free Account to gain greater access to
            The Wall Street Transcript right now




CEO INTERVIEWSInterview with the President and CEO: Lumos Networks Corp. (NASDAQ:LMOS)Interview with the Corporate VP of Business Development, Strategy and Investor Relations: DSP Group, Inc. (NASDAQ:DSPG)Interview with the CEO and Director: Tactile Systems Technology, Inc. (NASDAQ:TCMD) 

SECTOR ROUNDTABLESNatural Gas Weighs Heavy On E&P Near-Term ProspectsRoundtable Forum:optimism Despite Uncertainty In For-profit EducationRoundtable Forum:a Shift In Focus To Natural Gas From Oil 

MONEY MANAGER INTERVIEWSDelivering Long-Term Results with a Risk-Managed Growth FundFinding Investments with Favorable Risk and Reward OpportunitiesBetter Returns and Lower Risk in the Midcap Space 

ANALYST INTERVIEWSAnalyzing the Secular Drivers Within Communications Infrastructure and TelecomSatellite Companies Benefiting from Growth in Data TrafficIncreased Focus on Content as Consumers Shift to Digital Consumption 




Subscribe Today!







                Since 1963
                © The Wall Street Transcript 1997-2016
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy  
            





https://www.twst.com/wp-admin/admin-ajax.php

Pin It on Pinterest





































Share This





Twitter





Facebook





Google+





Gmail





LinkedIn








































×





Join now for free!
Already a member?






First Name 





Last Name 





Email address *








Create new account
 


or create an account with a social network.

Join with Facebook


Join with Twitter


Join with Google








Username or Email address: *





Password: *






LoginJoin now! | Forgot password?
 


or login using a social network


Log in with Facebook


Log in with Twitter


Log in with Google















Jay Hasu Shah - Wynnewood, PA | Intelius



























Sign In



We found Jay Hasu Shah in Wynnewood, PA


Jay Hasu Shah

                                                                           Intelius found that Jay Hasu Shah  is  a male between 40 and 50 years old from Wynnewood, PA.  We have connected them to
                14 addresses,
                10 phones,
                and 7 relatives or associates.
         





Also Known As

Jay S Shah


Get Report Now

Age

Jay Hasu Shah is in his 40s

Jay Has Lived In

Wynnewood, PA
Philadelphia, PA
Edinboro, PA

Jay's Relatives

Susie Shah
Neil Shah
Hersha Shah
Harsha Shah







Jay Hasu Shah



Zodiac SignCancer



GenderMale



Professional Status
Chief Executive Officer at Hersha Hospitality Trust



Get Report Now










Want to know more about Jay? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about Jay, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on Jay Hasu Shah
Get a Criminal Check on Jay Hasu Shah
Get a Public Record Report on Jay Hasu Shah
Get a People Search Report on Jay Hasu Shah


Jay Hasu Shah's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where Jay Hasu Shah has lived as well as Jay Hasu Shah's phone numbers and email addresses.




Jay Hasu Shah Has Lived in 1 States
Pennsylvania Address for Jay Hasu Shah


330 G**** L* 

Wynnewood, PA


Has Lived In

Wynnewood, PA
Philadelphia, PA


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with Jay Hasu Shah

(717) ***-**** - Harrisburg, PA 
() ***-**** - Wynnewood, PA 
(717) ***-**** - Lemoyne, PA 


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with Jay Hasu Shah

j*y@***.com
j*y@***.com
j******h@***.com


Get Email Report




Jay Hasu Shah's Professional Information
Information regarding Jay Hasu Shah's professional history.  Find out previous places Jay Hasu Shah has worked as well as dates employed.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Jay Hasu Shah Has Worked at 2 Places
Company: Hersha Hospitality Trust
               Title: Chief Executive Officer
Company: Hersha Hospitality Trust
               Title: Ptnr-chief Executive Officer
Jay Hasu Shah's Experience
Title: Chief Executive Officer
               Company: Hersha Hospitality Trust
Job Details
               Company Size: $250 mil to less than $500 mil - Employee Range: 25 to less than 100. Hersha Hospitality Trust is a self-advised Maryland real estate investment trust (REIT). The Company invests primarily in institutional grade hotels in central business districts, primary suburban office markets and stable destination and secondary markets in the Northeaster United States, and select markets on the West Coast. As of December 31, 2008, the Company’s portfolio consisted of 58 wholly owned limited and full service properties, with a total of 6,514 rooms, and various interests in 18 limited and full service properties owned through joint venture investments. Of the 18 limited and full service properties owned, through its investment in joint ventures investments, three are consolidated. These 76 properties, with a total of 9,556 rooms, are located in Arizona, California, Connecticut, Delaware, Maryland, Massachusetts, New Jersey, New York, North Carolina, Pennsylvania, Rhode Island, and Virginia.(Source: 10-K).
Title: Ptnr-chief Executive Officer
               Company: Hersha Hospitality Trust
Job Details
               Company Size: $50 mil to less than $100 mil - Employee Range: 1,000 to less than 5,000. Company Size: $100 mil to less than $250 mil - Employee Range: 1,000 to less than 5,000.
Additional Professional Information on Jay Hasu Shah

 See Jay Hasu Shah's LinkedIn Profile



Jay Hasu Shah's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for Jay Hasu Shah


Jay Hasu Shah's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of Jay Hasu Shah's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
Jay Shah
Username Matches

                  JayShah
                  ShahJay
                  Jay.Shah
                  Shah.Jay
                  Jay_Shah
                  Shah_Jay
                  Jay-Shah
                  Shah-Jay
                  JShah
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
J Shah







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.














Dr. Jay Shah, Family Medicine - Bensalem , PA  | Sharecare










































Ask a health related question:














Join Sharecare

Log In














Find a Doctor
Health Experts
Topics
Video
Health Tools
















Profile


Locations


More











Find a Doctor



|



Family Medicine



|



PA



|



Bensalem



|


Dr. Jay Shah, MD
















Follow





Dr. Jay Shah

Family Medicine


Bensalem, PA


Male

47 Years of Experience


28 Insurance Plans



Languages supported at his practice: English










Accepting New Patients










Dr. Shah's Background






Bio


Jay H. Shah, MD is a practicing Family Practitioner in Bensalem, PA. Dr. Shah graduated from Topiwala National Medical College in 1970 and has been in practice for 47 years. He completed a residency at U S Department of Veterans Affairs. He currently practices at Jay H & Vijaya J Shah, MD and is affiliated with St Mary Medical Center and Holy Redeemer Hospital & Medical Center. Dr. Shah accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Medicare and Capital Blue Cross. Dr. Shah is board certified in Family Medicine. Dr. Shah also practices at My Doctor's Office in Richboro, PA. Displaying the profile of a physician or provider on this website does not constitute or imply endorsement, recommendation, or favoring by the sponsoring hospital. The views and opinions of authors expressed herein do not necessarily state or reflect those of Trinity Health Corporation or any of its hospitals/ministries, and shall not be used for advertising or product endorsement purposes.





Specialties


Family Medicine





Hospital Affiliations




St Mary Medical Center



Holy Redeemer Hospital & Medical Center






Education




Residency
U S Department of Veterans Affairs



Medical School, 1970

Topiwala National Medical College







Learn More About Family Medicine




Article

See All Articles 











Tell Me Why ... My Mole Grew Back


                                                    People get moles removed for a handful of reasons. Sometimes it’s purely cosmetic, other times it’s because the mole shows signs of potential skin cancer. Whatever the case, the last thing you’d expect
...Read More






Questions

See All Questions 





What is considered a common sports injury?




What is a urogynecologist?










Primary Location






2562 Knights Rd
Bensalem, PA 19020

See All Locations
















Phone Number



Have you visited Dr. Shah before?
Yes
No




215-244-6363



267-551-1165





























Similar Doctors











Dr. Vijaya Shah

Family Medicine


2562 Knights Rd
Bensalem, PA 19020


































	THE SHAH LAW FIRM Trademark of Jay H. Shah. Serial Number: 75515942 :: Trademarkia Trademarks





























































Apply Online!
Attorneys

Services 

U.S. Trademark Registration Service 
International Trademark Registration Service 
Trademark Office Action Response 
Trademark Statement of Use 
Trademark Renewal 
Trademark Assignment 
Trademark Watch 
Trademark Cease & Desist  
Trademark Comprehensive Search  
Copyright Registration 
Patent Services 
Incorporation Services 
Business Page Creation 
 More Services... 


Help
Contact Us


Login






















Trademark Search 
Trademark Category
Computer & Software Services & Scient...
THE SHAH LAW FIRM










 
Get FREE email alerts













THE SHAH LAW FIRM  Trademark Information
 Jay H. Shah
legal services




Perfect for these industries

Computer & Software Services & Scientific Services





Words that describe this mark
legal   services    
                                    




This is a brand page for the THE SHAH LAW FIRM trademark by Jay H. Shah 
                                in Philadelphia, , 19106.
Write a review about a product or service associated with this THE SHAH LAW FIRM trademark.    
                                Or, contact the owner Jay H. Shah of the THE SHAH LAW FIRM trademark by filing a request to communicate with    
                                the Legal Correspondent for licensing, use, and/or questions related to the THE SHAH LAW FIRM trademark.
                           






On Thursday, July 9, 1998,  a U.S. federal trademark registration was filed for 
                        THE SHAH LAW FIRM by 
                        Jay H. Shah, Philadelphia 19106.
                        The USPTO has given the THE SHAH LAW FIRM 
                        trademark serial  number of  75515942.  
                        The current federal status of this trademark filing is CONTINUED USE NOT FILED WITHIN GRACE PERIOD, UN-REVIVABLE.
                        The correspondent listed for THE SHAH LAW FIRM is 
                        
                        
                                            JAY H SHAH of 
                                            THE LAFAYETTE BLDG,  437 CHESTNUT ST STE 615, PHILADELPHIA PA  19106 
                                .
                            The THE SHAH LAW FIRM trademark is filed in the category of 
                            
                                    Computer & Software Services & Scientific Services
                                . 
                            The description provided to the USPTO for THE SHAH LAW FIRM 
                            is legal services. 
                            





Word mark:
 THE SHAH LAW FIRM


  Status/Status Date:  


CONTINUED USE NOT FILED WITHIN GRACE PERIOD, UN-REVIVABLE

11/25/2006



  Serial Number:  
75515942


  Filing Date:  
7/9/1998


 Registration Number:  
2320568 


 Registration Date:  
2/22/2000


 Goods and Services: 
legal services


 Mark Description: 
NOT AVAILABLE


 Type Of Mark: 
Service Mark


 Published For Opposition Date: 
11/30/1999


Last Applicant/Owner:

Jay H. ShahPhiladelphia 19106
Why is this contact information displayed?  

Why is this contact information displayed? [Close]
The USPTO makes this data available for search by the public so that individuals can locate ownership information for intellectual property, much the same way a county might make real estate property ownership information available.
Since our website is synchronized with the USPTO data, we recommend making any data changes with the USPTO directly. Our website will auto-update when the USPTO data is updated.
You may also contact Trademarkia to make a request for the removal of your personally identifiable information or trademark data.  Such requests must be made in writing and will be subject to verification of ownership.  This policy allows verified trademark owners to specify: (A) that their identifiable information be masked, or (B) that their trademark pages permanently deleted from Trademarkia.com.  
                                                Requests may be made directly to customer.service@trademarkia.com and every effort will be made to honor them within 48 hours. 
Click here for further details.
[Close]




 Mark Drawing Code:  
Drawing with Words in Stylized form(75% Reduction of drawing size)


 Design Search: 


(NO DATA)



Register Type:  
Principal


 Disclaimer:
 ("LAW FIRM")


 Correspondent:


JAY H SHAH
THE LAFAYETTE BLDG
437 CHESTNUT ST STE 615
PHILADELPHIA PA  19106






 Use in Commerce Trademark - Applicant has provided proof of use of this mark in commerce to USPTO.





Classification Information



Primary Class: 
 Class (042) - Scientific and technological services and research and design relating thereto; industrial analysis and research services; design and development of computer hardware and software. 


First Use Anywhere: 
5/18/1998


First Use In Commerce: 
5/18/1998





Trademarkia is the largest search engine for U.S. trademarks.  Each month hundreds of trademarks around the world are filed by licensed attorneys in the LegalForce/Trademarkia network! You can register your trademark in 170+ countries in the world through LegalForce Network.
 LegalForce Network can help you incorporate a business around your THE SHAH LAW FIRM trademark in less than 5 minutes.  Trademarkia makes the process easy and convenient, so start now!
 Trademarkia.com is a free search engine of publicly available government records.  Trademarkia.com is not a law firm and does not represent owners & correspondents listed on this page.
Trademark Document Retrieval >>







Trademark - Apply Online!


100% Satisfaction Guarantee protect your valuable brand now.



How it works?
What you get?






1. Legalforce RAPC - #1 U.S. Trademark Filing from 2010 to now.
2. Describe how your business or product is being used. Register your mark in 176+ countries. Just $199 + govt fees! Start here >>






1. Top Global IP Attorneys - Credibility and Experience!
2. All processes will be performed in a timely manner. You will be informed periodically about the process.






Keep Track of this Brand.

 Trademark Watch Services
Keep track of how your trademark is being used. Available in the United States and in more than 176 countries. Round-the-clock monitoring. Monthly report on potential infringement.
                                

Watch this Trademark 

Trademark Watch Services read more...

Current Trademark Status:

11/25/2006
CONTINUED USE NOT FILED WITHIN GRACE PERIOD, UN-REVIVABLE


Free Trademark Search:






Correspondent Search:



JAY H SHAH


                                             
                                         is a correspondent of THE SHAH LAW FIRM trademark. 
                            	    


Current Overall Rating:

 (0 review)
                            
What You Can Do:




Start Your Business



FREE Logo Creator



Add to Favorites



View Documents



FREE Trademark Search



Start Trademark Filing Process



Protect this Mark Internationally



Custom Logo Design $159



Search theshahlawfirm on popular social networks






                                Trademarkia lets you see how your 
                                personal name, product name, 
                                trademark name or username is being used on any of 530+ new 
                                and popular social networks.  
                                Be the first to reserve your name  and get help stopping others from using it - all in one place!















Trademark Oppose Service


You can request for Extension of Time to Oppose this mark or Oppose it now.



                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 







Status Update Alerts

Status Update Alerts are email updates of the latest trademark status change. Please make sure you provide the correct email. 


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 









Review & Rating

Please Rate and Review for THE SHAH LAW FIRM 




THE SHAH LAW FIRM is providing legal services.
                


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password to be associated with your review.
                 

                 If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password before posting your review.
                 


* Please Rate: 


     




* Your Review: 



 Please enter your review.



* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



 

  
                             



 
























Jay H. Shah '90 | Cornell SHA



































GO
 
 
















Search
 
 




 

 
 



About
Dean's Welcome
Dean's Advisory Board
Jay H. Shah '90



Jay H. Shah '90
CEO
Hersha Hospitality Trust

Jay H. Shah '90 is Hersha Hospitality Trust's chief executive officer and a member of the board of trustees. Shah is involved in all areas of the business with a particular emphasis on strategic relationships, capital transactions, asset management, and acquisitions.
Prior to Hersha, Shah formed Shah & Byler, a law firm specializing in real estate and construction, and was also a consultant at the former Coopers & Lybrand, now PricewaterhouseCoopers. Shah served as a legislative assistant to the late Senator John Heinz on Capitol Hill and has also worked with the Philadelphia District Attorney's office.
Shah received a bachelor's degree from the Cornell University School of Hotel Administration, a master's degree from Temple University's Fox School of Business, and a law degree from Temple University School of Law.
Shah serves on the board of trustees of the Episcopal Academy and the Cornell School of Hotel Administration Dean's Advisory Board. He is also a member of the dean's council for Temple University's Fox School of Business, Urban Land Institute's Hotel Development Council, American Hotel & Lodging Association's board of directors, Pennsylvania Academy of the Fine Arts, and the president's leadership council for Thomas Jefferson University and Jefferson Health.

 
 
 















































