






Steven Shallcross, Synthetic Biologics Inc: Profile & Biography - Bloomberg


































































  































Feedback





Steven Shallcross

CFO/Treasurer/Secretary,
Synthetic Biologics Inc






Career History




CFO/Treasurer/Secretary
Synthetic Biologics Inc, 6/2015-PRESENT


Exec VP/CFO/Secy/Treasurer
Nuo Therapeutics Inc, 11/2014-5/2015


Exec VP/CFO/Secy/Treasurer
Cytomedix Inc, 5/2013-11/2014


Senior VP/CFO/Treasurer
Vanda Pharmaceuticals Inc, 11/2005-1/2009


Senior VP/CFO/Treasurer
Advancis Pharmaceutical Corp, 8/2003-11/2005


Senior VP/CFO
Advancis Pharmaceutical Corp, 10/2001-8/2003


VP:Finance/CFO
Bering Truck Corp, 8/1997-2001


VP:Ops/Controller
Precision Scientific Inc, 1/1994-1997


Controller
Precision Scientific Inc, 6/1993-1/1994


Exec VP/CFO/Treasurer
Empire Petroleum Partners LLC, 7/2012-UNKNOWN


Interim CFO
Senseonics Inc, FORMER


Exec VP/CFO
Innocoll Holdings Inc, FORMER


Show More









Website:
www.syntheticbiologics.com






Corporate Information
Address:

9605 Medical Center Drive
Suite 270
Rockville, MD 20850
United States


Phone:
1-301-417-4364


Fax:
1-301-417-4367


Web url:
www.syntheticbiologics.com











From The Web












Personal Information



Education



University of Chicago Booth School of Business/The
MBA


University of Illinois
Bachelor's Degree, Accounting








Awards & Publications



Certificates




Certified Public Accountant (CPA)









Memberships



Other Memberships




Financial Executives International


President









Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data

































 


Steven Shallcross Named Chief Financial Officer of Synthetic Biologics :: Synthetic Biologics, Inc. (SYN)




























 






















Press Releases









Menu 
            














Overview 


Press Releases 


Events 


In the News 


Scientific Publications 







 

 







Steven Shallcross Named Chief Financial Officer of Synthetic Biologics


 Download as PDF

May 04, 2015

-- Executive Brings Significant Biotech Industry Leadership Experience to Team as Company Enters Next Phase of Development --

ROCKVILLE, Md., May 4, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- Synthetic Biologics, Inc. (NYSE MKT: SYN), a developer of pathogen-specific therapeutics focused on protecting the microbiome, as well as treating other diseases, announced Steven A. Shallcross has been appointed Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Secretary effective June 1, 2015. He replaces C. Evan Ballantyne who will be leaving the Company in May to pursue other interests.

Mr. Shallcross brings to Synthetic Biologics operational, financial and international biotech industry experience, as well as an established track record at leading the financial development and strategy for several publicly traded biotech companies. He served for four years as the Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of Vanda Pharmaceuticals, Inc., leading the company through its successful IPO and follow-on offering. He currently is Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Nuo Therapeutics, Inc. and previously served as the Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Middlebrook Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (formerly Advancis Pharmaceutical Corporation). Mr. Shallcross also served as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Innocoll AG (formerly privately held Innocoll Holdings, Inc.), a global, commercial-stage biopharmaceutical company specializing in the development and commercialization of collagen based products.
"Steve's significant experience will be valuable to achieving the next phase of Synthetic Biologics' development," said Jeff Riley, Chief Executive Officer. "He has effectively managed broad operations, cultivated significant relationships with a number of corporate development leaders in biotech, and repeatedly structured financing strategies that enabled some very successful companies in our industry to achieve their clinical and business goals. The Synthetic Biologics' board and team look forward to Steve's contributions as we execute on our clinical roadmap and seek to generate increased returns for our shareholders. We also want to thank Evan for his dedication and contributions during the past three years, and wish him the very best of success in his future endeavors."
In addition to his substantial biotech industry experience, Mr. Shallcross also held key leadership positions with a number of other companies, including serving as the Chief Financial Officer of Empire Petroleum Partners, LLC and Bering Truck Corporation, and Acting Chief Financial Officer for Senseonics. He holds an MBA from the University of Chicago's Booth School of Business, a Bachelor of Science degree in Accounting from the University of Illinois, Chicago, and is a Certified Public Accountant in the State of Illinois.
About Synthetic Biologics, Inc.
Synthetic Biologics, Inc. (NYSE MKT: SYN) is a clinical-stage biotechnology company developing pathogen-specific therapeutics focused on protecting the microbiome, as well as treating other diseases. The Company is developing an oral biologic to protect the gut microbiome from intravenous (IV) antibiotics for the prevention of C. difficile infection, an oral statin treatment to reduce the impact of methane producing organisms on irritable bowel syndrome with constipation (IBS-C), and in collaboration with Intrexon Corporation (NYSE: XON), a monoclonal antibody combination for the treatment of Pertussis. In addition, the Company is developing a Phase 2 oral estriol drug for the treatment of relapsing-remitting multiple sclerosis (MS) and cognitive dysfunction in MS. For more information, please visit Synthetic Biologics' website at www.syntheticbiologics.com.
This release includes forward-looking statements on Synthetic Biologics' current expectations and projections about future events. In some cases forward-looking statements can be identified by terminology such as "may," "should," "potential," "continue," "expects," "anticipates," "intends," "plans," "believes," "estimates," and similar expressions. These statements are based upon current beliefs, expectations and assumptions and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, many of which are difficult to predict and include statements regarding the expected contribution of Mr. Shallcross. The forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those set forth or implied by any forward-looking statements. Important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those reflected in Synthetic Biologics' forward-looking statements include, among others, a failure to successfully integrate the new management and other factors described in Synthetic Biologics' report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2014 and any other filings with the SEC. The information in this release is provided only as of the date of this release, and Synthetic Biologics undertakes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements contained in this release on account of new information, future events, or otherwise, except as required by law.
Logo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20130522/MM19465LOGO 
To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/steven-shallcross-named-chief-financial-officer-of-synthetic-biologics-300076114.html
SOURCE  Synthetic Biologics, Inc.

Released May 4, 2015






 










Steven A. Shallcross - Executive Bio, Compensation History, and Contacts - Equilar Atlas










 

















Log in | Sign up








x

 






As Featured In



















Steven A. Shallcross
Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Secretary at Synthetic Biologics, Inc.


View Full Profile
Are you Steven A. Shallcross? Claim your profile


 


Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Steven A. Shallcross's full profile. 
With Equilar Atlas, you can:



IDENTIFY corporate executives in Steven A. Shallcross's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Steven A. Shallcross's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Steven A. Shallcross through your network of contacts.
												








Steven A. Shallcross's Executive Work History


Current


Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Secretary, 
Synthetic Biologics, Inc.


Past
To view Steven A. Shallcross's complete executive work history, sign up now
Age
55

 
 


Steven A. Shallcross's Biography



Mr. Shallcross, age 55, joined the Company in June 2015 as Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Secretary. Mr. Shallcross brings to the Company operational, financial and international biotech industry experience, as well as an established track record at leading the financial development and strategy for several publicly traded biotech companies. From May 2013 through May 2015, Mr. Shallcross served as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Nuo Therapeutics, Inc. (formerly Cytomedix, Inc.). In January 2016, Nuo Therapeutics, Inc. filed a voluntary petition for relief under Chapter 11 of the U.S. Bankruptcy Code in the Unit ...
(Read More)

			Mr. Shallcross, age 55, joined the Company in June 2015 as Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Secretary. Mr. Shallcross brings to the Company operational, financial and international biotech industry experience, as well as an established track record at leading the financial development and strategy for several publicly traded biotech companies. From May 2013 through May 2015, Mr. Shallcross served as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Nuo Therapeutics, Inc. (formerly Cytomedix, Inc.). In January 2016, Nuo Therapeutics, Inc. filed a voluntary petition for relief under Chapter 11 of the U.S. Bankruptcy Code in the United States Bankruptcy Court for the District of Delaware. From July 2012 to May 2013, Mr. Shallcross held the offices of Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of Empire Petroleum Partners, LLC, a motor fuel distribution company. From July 2011 to March 2012, Mr. Shallcross was Acting Chief Financial Officer of Senseonics, a privately-held medical device company located in Germantown, MD. From January 2009 to March 2011, he served as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Innocoll AG (formerly privately held Innocoll Holdings, Inc.), a global, commercial-stage biopharmaceutical company specializing in the development and commercialization of collagen based products. He also served for four years as the Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of Vanda Pharmaceuticals, Inc., leading the company through its successful IPO and follow-on offering and previously served as the Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Middlebrook Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (formerly Advancis Pharmaceutical Corporation). In addition, Mr. Shallcross also served as the Chief Financial Officer of Bering Truck Corporation. He holds an MBA from the University of Chicago's Booth School of Business, a Bachelor of Science degree in Accounting from the University of Illinois, Chicago, and is a Certified Public Accountant in the State of Illinois.
		
Source: Synthetic Biologics, Inc. on 07/18/2017
		
	

 






Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Steven A. Shallcross's full profile. 



												By accessing Equilar Atlas, you can view bios, network, salary and wealth events
												of industry-leading executives like Steven A. Shallcross. More specifically, you'll be able to:
												

IDENTIFY corporate executives in Steven A. Shallcross's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Steven A. Shallcross's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Steven A. Shallcross through your network of conections.
												




View Full Profile


 








Search for over 360,000 executive profiles.





/bio



													Example: Steven A. Shallcross


















Steven A. Shallcross's Connections (59)





Sign up now to view Steven A. Shallcross's 59 connections »









Mark T. McLoughlin
Senior Vice President and President, Americas Lab and Distribution Services, VWR Corporation









Brian K. Halak
Former Board Member, Alimera Sciences, Inc.









Mark R. Sotir
Executive Chairman, Exterran Corporation









Jeffrey L. Riley
Chief Executive Officer and President, Synthetic Biologics, Inc.









THOMAS COPMANN
Former Vice President of Regulatory Affairs, Vanda Pharmaceuticals Inc.









Howard H. Pien
Board Member, ImmunoGen, Inc.









William D. Clark
Dir., President and Chief Executive Officer, Genocea Biosciences, Inc.









DEEPAK PHADKE
Former Vice President of Manufacturing, Vanda Pharmaceuticals Inc.









H. Thomas Watkins
Former Chief Executive Officer and President, Human Genome Sciences Inc.









Mihael H. Polymeropoulos
Dir., President and Chief Executive Officer, Vanda Pharmaceuticals Inc.








Popular Profiles






														Sign up now to view more executive profiles »
														









Thomas J. Lynch
Executive Chairman, TE Connectivity Ltd.









John J. Kita
EVP and CFO, A. O. Smith









Elon R. Musk
CEO and Chairman, Tesla









Daniel A. DeMatteo
Executive Chairman, GameStop Corp.









David J. O'Connor
President and CEO, The Madison Square Garden Company












×

Claim Your Profile Coming Soon
Interested in updating your biography and work history?
We're working on making it happen.
We'll email you when this feature is available.
Please enter valid email address.

Done


Thank you for your interest.
Ok






			Browse executive profiles:
			
				 A
			
				 B
			
				 C
			
				 D
			
				 E
			
				 F
			
				 G
			
				 H
			
				 I
			
				 J
			
				 K
			
				 L
			
				 M
			
				 N
			
				 O
			
				 P
			
				 Q
			
				 R
			
				 S
			
				 T
			
				 U
			
				 V
			
				 W
			
				 X
			
				 Y
			
				 Z



Equilar Homepage
Equilar Atlas
Equilar Insight
Equilar BoardEdge
Equilar Engage
Research Services
Knowledge Network
About Us
Login

� 2017 Equilar All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
1100 Marshall Street, Redwood City, CA 94063 | Phone (650) 241-6600 | Fax (650) 701-0993













   Steven Shallcross | Nuo Therapeutics, Inc. | ZoomInfo.com




















 



 Steven Shallcross Named Chief Financial Officer of Synthetic Biologics 
         










    










 






 











 









Steven Shallcross Named Chief Financial Officer of Synthetic Biologics

		  -- Executive Brings Significant Biotech Industry Leadership Experience to Team as Company Enters Next Phase of Development --
		

May 04, 2015, 06:57 ET
		  		  					
						 from   Synthetic Biologics, Inc. 











 
















































 

 















































 

 

 
 
 
 







Synthetic Biologics, Inc. Logo    
 Facebook
 Twitter
 Pinterest

































 




 




Synthetic Biologics, Inc. Logo
 


 

 




 





 


ROCKVILLE, Md., May 4, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- Synthetic Biologics, Inc. (NYSE MKT: SYN), a developer of pathogen-specific therapeutics focused on protecting the microbiome, as well as treating other diseases, announced Steven A. Shallcross has been appointed Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Secretary effective June 1, 2015. He replaces C. Evan Ballantyne who will be leaving the Company in May to pursue other interests.
Mr. Shallcross brings to Synthetic Biologics operational, financial and international biotech industry experience, as well as an established track record at leading the financial development and strategy for several publicly traded biotech companies. He served for four years as the Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of Vanda Pharmaceuticals, Inc., leading the company through its successful IPO and follow-on offering. He currently is Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Nuo Therapeutics, Inc. and previously served as the Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Middlebrook Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (formerly Advancis Pharmaceutical Corporation). Mr. Shallcross also served as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Innocoll AG (formerly privately held Innocoll Holdings, Inc.), a global, commercial-stage biopharmaceutical company specializing in the development and commercialization of collagen based products.
"Steve's significant experience will be valuable to achieving the next phase of Synthetic Biologics' development," said Jeff Riley, Chief Executive Officer. "He has effectively managed broad operations, cultivated significant relationships with a number of corporate development leaders in biotech, and repeatedly structured financing strategies that enabled some very successful companies in our industry to achieve their clinical and business goals. The Synthetic Biologics' board and team look forward to Steve's contributions as we execute on our clinical roadmap and seek to generate increased returns for our shareholders. We also want to thank Evan for his dedication and contributions during the past three years, and wish him the very best of success in his future endeavors."
In addition to his substantial biotech industry experience, Mr. Shallcross also held key leadership positions with a number of other companies, including serving as the Chief Financial Officer of Empire Petroleum Partners, LLC and Bering Truck Corporation, and Acting Chief Financial Officer for Senseonics. He holds an MBA from the University of Chicago's Booth School of Business, a Bachelor of Science degree in Accounting from the University of Illinois, Chicago, and is a Certified Public Accountant in the State of Illinois.
About Synthetic Biologics, Inc.
Synthetic Biologics, Inc. (NYSE MKT: SYN) is a clinical-stage biotechnology company developing pathogen-specific therapeutics focused on protecting the microbiome, as well as treating other diseases. The Company is developing an oral biologic to protect the gut microbiome from intravenous (IV) antibiotics for the prevention of C. difficile infection, an oral statin treatment to reduce the impact of methane producing organisms on irritable bowel syndrome with constipation (IBS-C), and in collaboration with Intrexon Corporation (NYSE:   XON), a monoclonal antibody combination for the treatment of Pertussis. In addition, the Company is developing a Phase 2 oral estriol drug for the treatment of relapsing-remitting multiple sclerosis (MS) and cognitive dysfunction in MS. For more information, please visit Synthetic Biologics' website at www.syntheticbiologics.com.
This release includes forward-looking statements on Synthetic Biologics' current expectations and projections about future events. In some cases forward-looking statements can be identified by terminology such as "may," "should," "potential," "continue," "expects," "anticipates," "intends," "plans," "believes," "estimates," and similar expressions. These statements are based upon current beliefs, expectations and assumptions and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, many of which are difficult to predict and include statements regarding the expected contribution of Mr. Shallcross. The forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those set forth or implied by any forward-looking statements. Important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those reflected in Synthetic Biologics' forward-looking statements include, among others, a failure to successfully integrate the new management and other factors described in Synthetic Biologics' report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2014 and any other filings with the SEC. The information in this release is provided only as of the date of this release, and Synthetic Biologics undertakes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements contained in this release on account of new information, future events, or otherwise, except as required by law.
Logo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20130522/MM19465LOGO 
 SOURCE  Synthetic Biologics, Inc.  

RELATED LINKS
http://www.syntheticbiologics.com



  

 View Table Fullscreen 




  View Table Fullscreen 





Journalists and Bloggers
The news you need, when you need it.
 
Join PR Newswire for Journalists to access all of the free services designated to make your job easier.
In need of subject matter experts for your story? Submit a free ProfNet request and find the sources you need.
LEARN MORE




 

 
 



















































  
















May 07, 2015, 06:56 ET
Preview: Maureen Early Named Vice President, Commercial of Synthetic Biologics




















Apr 30, 2015, 06:57 ET
Preview: Synthetic Biologics to Host First Quarter 2015 Investor Conference Call








My News


  Release contains wide tables.	  View fullscreen.






 Read More











May 04, 2017, 16:05 ET
Synthetic Biologics Announces Allowance of Key U.S. Patent...














May 04, 2017, 16:05 ET
SYN-004 (Ribaxamase) Receives Breakthrough Therapy Designation...














May 04, 2017, 16:05 ET
Synthetic Biologics Reports First Quarter 2017 Operational...











Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire?
Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform.
Sign up to get started
Request more information
Have an account? Log In

 















Search











Searching for your content...









Advanced Search












































 


 


Steven E Shallcross - Frankford, DE | Intelius



























Sign In



We found Steven E Shallcross in Frankford, DE


Steven E Shallcross

                                                                           Intelius found that Steven E Shallcross  is  a male between 60 and 70 years old from Frankford, DE.  We have connected them to
                11 addresses,
                3 phones,
                and 2 relatives or associates.
         





Also Known As

Steve  Shallcross


Get Report Now

Age

Steven E Shallcross is in his 60s

Steven Has Lived In

Frankford, DE
Alloway, NJ
Bridgeton, NJ

Steven's Relatives

Margaret Shallcross
Lindsey Shallcross







Steven E Shallcross



Zodiac SignCancer



GenderMale



Professional Status
Avionics Engineer at The Boeing Company



Get Report Now










Want to know more about Steven? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about Steven, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on Steven E Shallcross
Get a Criminal Check on Steven E Shallcross
Get a Public Record Report on Steven E Shallcross
Get a People Search Report on Steven E Shallcross


Steven E Shallcross's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where Steven E Shallcross has lived as well as Steven E Shallcross's phone numbers and email addresses.




Steven E Shallcross Has Lived in 4 States
Delaware Address for Steven E Shallcross


37161 M********** D* 

Frankford, DE


Has Lived In

Frankford, DE
Alloway, NJ


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with Steven E Shallcross

(779) ***-****
(856) ***-**** - Bridgeton, NJ 
(301) ***-**** - Pasadena, MD 


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with Steven E Shallcross

s***************s@***.com


Get Email Report




Steven E Shallcross's Education Information
Known Schools Attended
Learn about Steven E Shallcross's academic history.  Find out which schools Steven E Shallcross attended, the dates attended as well as the degrees Steven E Shallcross received.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Steven E Shallcross Has Attended 1 School
University of Florida 1980 – 1982               Steven E Shallcross has a Bachelor of Engineering (b.eng.), Electrical and Electronics Engineering in Electrical and Electronics Engineering               


Steven E Shallcross's Professional Information
Information regarding Steven E Shallcross's professional history.  Find out previous places Steven E Shallcross has worked as well as dates employed.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Steven E Shallcross Has Worked at 1 Place
Company: The Boeing Company
               Title: Avionics Engineer
Steven E Shallcross's Experience
Title: Avionics Engineer
               Company: The Boeing Company
Job Details

Additional Professional Information on Steven E Shallcross

 See Steven E Shallcross's LinkedIn Profile



Steven E Shallcross's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for Steven E Shallcross


Steven E Shallcross's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of Steven E Shallcross's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
Steven Shallcross
Username Matches

                  StevenShallcross
                  ShallcrossSteven
                  Steven.Shallcross
                  Shallcross.Steven
                  Steven_Shallcross
                  Shallcross_Steven
                  Steven-Shallcross
                  Shallcross-Steven
                  SShallcross
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
S Shallcross







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.






















Steven Shallcross | Synthetic Biologics, Inc. | Email @syntheticbiologics.com 











































LOGIN

7 DAY FREE TRIAL


























Steven Shallcross

 Synthetic Biologics, Inc.  Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Secretary


Updated On : 
                    Nov 15, 2016                            

export

















9605 Medical Center Drive

Rockville, MD 20850


Email format for @syntheticbiologics.com

Direct Phone: Not Available 









Type:

                    Public                
Employees: 
50 - 99

Revenue:  
5 - 10 Million

Industry:  
                        Biotech/Healthcare                    
SIC Code:  
                         2834  - Pharmaceutical Preparations








 BIOGRAPHY

 
                    Have you been looking for contact information, like phone numbers and emails, on Steven Shallcross?  Lead411 provides data on him which include twitter, linkedin url, wiki, and biography.  There is also Synthetic Biologics, Inc. email addresses within the @syntheticbiologics.com profile so Steven Shallcross's email could be included.  Steven Shallcross is part of the Synthetic Biologics, Inc. which has its main offices in Rockville, MD.  Currently holds the post of Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Secretary.  You can find the company data on Lead411 under the Biotech/healthcare industry.  Some possible email formats for Steven Shallcross are SShallcross@syntheticbiologics.com, Steven.Shallcross@syntheticbiologics.com, Steven@syntheticbiologics.com, and Steven_Shallcross@syntheticbiologics.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@syntheticbiologics.com addresses.            


Similar People:
Steven S - Executive

Steven S - Other
Need to know Steven S's email, phone numbers, linkedin profile, wiki, twitter username, and biography?  You can find contact information on Sarasota Yacht & Ship Services, Inc.'s Lead411 profile.  Steven S is the Professional Yacht Broker for Sarasota Yacht & Ship Services, Inc., an organization which has its base in Sarasota, FL.  One can also find Sarasota Yacht & Ship Services, Inc. email addresses on their Lead411 profile with the @sarasotayacht.com url.  Accounting is Sarasota Yacht & Ship Services, Inc.'s industry within the Lead411 database.  Some possible email formats for Steven S are SS@sarasotayacht.com, Steven.S@sarasotayacht.com, Steven@sarasotayacht.com, and Steven_S@sarasotayacht.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@sarasotayacht.com addresses.
Steven S - Technology
For SmartAVI Inc email addresses with the @smartavi.com format as well as facebook info, twitter, phone numbers, linkedin, wiki, as well as biography data for Steven S, you may check in SmartAVI Inc's Lead411 profile. Steven S is currently the Electronics Engineer/Embedded Systems Engineer for SmartAVI Inc. The company's CEO is Albert-avi Cohen. The contact information of SmartAVI Inc on Lead411 is filed under the Electronics. Their main offices are in North Hollywood, CA.  Some possible email formats for Steven S are SS@smartavi.com, Steven.S@smartavi.com, Steven@smartavi.com, and Steven_S@smartavi.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@smartavi.com addresses.



Similar Employees:
Jeffrey Riley - Executive
Have you been looking for contact information, like phone numbers and emails, on Jeffrey Riley?  Lead411 provides data on him which include twitter, linkedin url, wiki, and biography.  There is also Synthetic Biologics, Inc. email addresses within the @syntheticbiologics.com profile so Jeffrey Riley's email could be included.  Jeffrey Riley is part of the Synthetic Biologics, Inc. which has its main offices in Rockville, MD.  Currently holds the post of CEO, Director and President.  You can find the company data on Lead411 under the Biotech/healthcare industry.  Some possible email formats for Jeffrey Riley are JRiley@syntheticbiologics.com, Jeffrey.Riley@syntheticbiologics.com, Jeffrey@syntheticbiologics.com, and Jeffrey_Riley@syntheticbiologics.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@syntheticbiologics.com addresses.
Michael Kaleko - Other
Synthetic Biologics, Inc.'s Senior Vice President, Research and Development is where Michael Kaleko is employed. On the other hand, the organization's CEO is . They are based in Rockville, MD, and you can find their Lead411 profile filed under the Biotech/healthcare industry. Michael Kaleko's profile contains twitter, phone numbers, linkedin, wiki, and contact information, and you can also find other Synthetic Biologics, Inc. email addresses on Lead411 with the @syntheticbiologics.com domain.  Some possible email formats for Michael Kaleko are MKaleko@syntheticbiologics.com, Michael.Kaleko@syntheticbiologics.com, Michael@syntheticbiologics.com, and Michael_Kaleko@syntheticbiologics.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@syntheticbiologics.com addresses.
Klaus Gottlieb - Other
A Vice President, Clinical Development & Regulatory Affairs at Synthetic Biologics, Inc. based in Rockville, MD, Klaus Gottlieb has a comprehensive profile on Lead411. You can find the entry on Synthetic Biologics, Inc. in our Biotech/healthcare category. The company CEO is . There are email addresses on their profile and may include Klaus Gottlieb' email format too. You can also find other contact information like facebook, phone numbers, biography, wiki, and linkedin for Klaus Gottlieb.  Some possible email formats for Klaus Gottlieb are KGottlieb@syntheticbiologics.com, Klaus.Gottlieb@syntheticbiologics.com, Klaus@syntheticbiologics.com, and Klaus_Gottlieb@syntheticbiologics.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@syntheticbiologics.com addresses.

People Directory > Steven Shallcross




















Steven Shallcross – CFO Moves 





































CFO MovesTracking CFO Movement Across the USA
CFO Moves – week ending May 8, 2015
Posted on May 11, 2015 Written by Dergel CFO Admin Leave a Comment CFO Moves this week include:



MillerCoors
Keurig Green Mountain, Inc. 
True Value Company


Amway 
Church & Dwight Co., Inc. 
zulily, inc.


Ryerson Holding Corporation 
Trex Company, Inc. 
Tria Beauty, Inc.


Direct Flow Medical®, Inc.
Essex Property Trust, Inc. 
Continental Building Products, Inc. 


Neuralstem, Inc. 
Erin Energy Corporation 
Momentive Performance Materials Inc. 


Vestmark
Delphix
Commerce Union Bancshares, Inc. 


Masonite International Corporation 
Synthetic Biologics, Inc.
Sarcos Corp. 


Zoomdata
Chatham Lodging Trust
DTI


Birch Communications, Inc.
Emerge Energy Services LP 
Hawaiian Telcom 


Micron Technology, Inc. 
Pall Corporation
Univision Communications Inc. 


Universal American Corp.





Would you like to receive our weekly CFO Moves directly in your email? Click the SIGN ME UP! button on the right of the blog page.
Should you have any CFO Moves to report, please email us.
CFO Moves is published by Samuel Dergel (Executive Search Consultant and CFO & Financial Executive Search Specialist with Stanton Chase). Samuel can be reached by email at s.dergel@stantonchase.com or by phone at +1 (415) 738-2070.
+ + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + +
MillerCoors, the U.S. and Puerto Rican joint venture between SABMiller plc and Molson Coors Brewing Company named Gavin Hattersley to the role of interim Chief Executive Officer to lead the business when the current CEO retires June 30, 2015. Hattersley is currently Chief Financial Officer (CFO) of Molson Coors and former CFO of MillerCoors, will serve as interim CEO for up to six months until the Board completes its search for a permanent successor. Hattersley will continue as CFO of Molson Coors while serving as interim head of the US business. Prior to his current role, Hattersley served as executive vice president and chief financial officer for MillerCoors. Previously, he was senior vice president, finance, for Miller Brewing Company. He came to Miller from SAB Limited in Johannesburg, South Africa, where he held several financial management positions before becoming CFO in 1999. Prior to joining SAB Limited, he spent almost 10 years at Barloworld Limited.
Keurig Green Mountain, Inc. (NASDAQ: GMCR) announced that Peter G. Leemputte will join the company in June 2015 and will assume the role of Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer effective August 17, 2015. He will succeed current Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer, Fran Rathke, who will continue to serve in the role until that date. Most recently Leemputte served as Chief Financial Officer of Mead Johnson Nutrition Company (NYSE:MJN) from 2008 to March 2015. Prior to that, he was Chief Financial Officer of Brunswick Corporation (NYSE: BC) from 2003 through 2008. Mr. Leemputte has also held numerous leadership roles, including positions at Chicago Title & Trust, Armco, FMC Corporation (NYSE:FMC) and Amoco. Mr. Leemputte is a director of Beazer Homes USA, Inc.
True Value Company announced Deborah O’Connor will join the company as Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (CFO) succeeding current CFO David Shadduck who left True Value effective April 30, 2015. Most recently, O’Connor spent seven years at OfficeMax, where she was the senior vice president of integration and finance playing a critical role in the OfficeMax/Office Depot merger. Since 2008, she has held a number of finance leadership roles, including interim CFO and senior vice president and chief accounting officer. Prior to joining OfficeMax, O’Connor was with ServiceMaster for over 15 years, most recently as senior vice president and controller.
Amway announced the appointment of Mark Stevens as its chief financial officer. Most recently, Stevens served as vice president of worldwide sales finance for Apple. Stevens replaces Mike Cazer, who was appointed to the role of chief operating officer in 2014.
Church & Dwight Co., Inc. (NYSE: CHD) announced that, effective January 1, 2016, Matthew T. Farrell, the Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer, will be promoted to Chief Executive Officer and elected to the company’s Board of Directors. Matt Farrell has been Chief Financial Officer since he joined the company in 2006 and has held the position of Chief Operating Officer since November 2014.
zulily, inc. announced that Brian Swartz has been appointed as the Company’s Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Mr. Swartz will commence his employment on June 1, 2015, replacing Tad Larsen will no longer serve as the Company’s interim chief financial officer but shall remain the Company’s Vice President of Accounting. From February 2007 to April 2015, Mr. Swartz served in a variety of finance roles at Apollo Education Group, Inc., a private-sector education company, most recently as Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Prior to that, Mr. Swartz was with EaglePicher Incorporated, a technology and industrial products and services company, from 2002 to 2006, as its Vice-President and Corporate Controller. From 1994 to 2002, Mr. Swartz was at Arthur Andersen, LLP.
Ryerson Holding Corporation (NYSE: RYI) announced that it has appointed Edward J. Lehner as the Company’s President and Chief Executive Officer, effective June 1, 2015.  Edward Lehner has served as the Company’s Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer since 2012. Prior to joining Ryerson, Mr. Lehner was The Chief Financial Officer and Chief Administrative Officer of PSC Metals, Inc., and a Founder, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of SeverCorr, LLC. His career also includes several senior financial and general management roles for Nucor, Birmingham Steel, Inc., and Laurel Steel. Mr. Lehner’s career began in 1989 with Deloitte. Mr. Lehner serves on the board of directors of Modumetal. 
Trex Company, Inc. (NYSE: TREX) announced the appointment of James E. Cline, currently senior vice president and chief financial officer of Trex, as president and chief executive officer effective August 17, 2015. Mr. Cline will also join the Trex board of directors. Trex Company also announced that Bryan H. Fairbanks, senior director, supply chain and executive director, international business development, will succeed Mr. Cline as chief financial officer effective August 17, 2015. Before joining Trex in March 2008, Mr. Cline served for three years as president of Harsco GasServ, a division of Harsco Corporation. From 1994 through 2005, he was the vice president and controller of Harsco GasServ. From 1976 to 1994, he served in various capacities with Huffy Corporation, including as the director of finance of its True Temper Hardware subsidiary. Mr. Fairbanks, who joined Trex in 2004, has served as senior director, supply chain from 2006 through the present, and as executive director, international business development, since 2012. From 2004 to 2006, he held the position of director, financial planning and analysis. For the prior 10 years, Mr. Fairbanks served in numerous senior finance roles with Ford Motor Company.
Tria Beauty, Inc. announced Sandra Gardiner as Chief Financial Officer. Ms. Gardiner joins Tria Beauty after holding C-level financial management positions in both private and publicly-held companies, including Asante Solutions, Ventus Medical, Vermillion and Lipid Sciences.
Direct Flow Medical®, Inc. has named David Boyle as Chief Financial Officer (CFO). David Boyle has served as CFO for five healthcare companies over the course of his 32-year financial career, most recently for Ogenx Therapeutics. The public companies where he has served as CFO include Bionovo, AVI BioPharma, where he also served as interim CEO, XOMA and Salix Pharmaceuticals. Earlier in his career, Boyle had extensive international and merger and acquisitions experience with Ernst & Young and the Ares Serono Group.
Essex Property Trust, Inc. (NYSE: ESS) announced that Michael Dance, the Company’s Chief Financial Officer, has announced his plans to retire on September 30, 2015, continuing in an advisory capacity until January 2016. Mr. Dance has been the Company’s Chief Financial Officer for the past 10 years. The company has appointed Angela Kleiman, the Company Senior Vice President of Portfolio Management, to succeed Mr. Dance as the Company’s Chief Financial Officer, effective upon Mr. Dance’s retirement. Ms. Kleiman joined the Company in 2009. Before joining Essex, Ms. Kleiman had over 15 years of professional experience in REIT investment banking and investment management.
Continental Building Products, Inc. (NYSE: CBPX) announced the appointment of Dennis Schemm as Chief Financial Officer. Mr. Schemm most recently served from 2013 to 2015 as Vice President of Global Finance for Armstrong Flooring, a division of Armstrong Worldwide. Prior to this role, from 2011 to 2013, Mr. Schemm served as Director of Global Financial Planning & Analysis at Gilbarco Veeder Root, a Danaher Corporation. From 1999 to 2011, Mr. Schemm served in various financial capacities including Corporate Controller and Finance Director across various divisions of Monsanto Company. Mr. Schemm started his career at Bell Atlantic and Price Waterhouse Coopers.
Neuralstem, Inc. (NYSE MKT: CUR) announced the appointment of Jonathan Lloyd Jones to the position of Chief Financial Officer, effective May 18th. Most recently, Mr. Lloyd Jones served as Chief Financial Officer at Columbia Laboratories (Juniper Pharmaceuticals). Before then, Mr. Lloyd Jones was CFO and VP of Corporate Development at TetraLogic Pharmaceuticals and Vice President, Finance, at TransMolecular.  From 1996-2006, Mr. Lloyd Jones was with Genzyme Corporation (Sanofi-Aventis) where he advanced to Senior Director, Corporate Development.  Previously, Mr. Lloyd Jones was Head of Finance and Banking operations at Royal Bank of Scotland (Nassau) Ltd, part of the Royal Bank of Scotland Group.  He began his career with Deloitte.
Erin Energy Corporation (NYSE MKT: ERN) announced that Christopher J. Hearne will be appointed as Senior Vice President and CFO beginning June 1, 2015. Earl McNiel, the Company’s current CFO, will resign to pursue other interests effective May 31, 2015. Mr. Hearne will join the Company from Serica Energy Plc, where he has served as CFO and member of the Board since 2005. Prior to joining Serica in 2005, Mr. Hearne was responsible for corporate finance at Intrepid Energy Plc from 1996 through 2004. Prior to Intrepid, Mr. Hearne worked as an investment banker with Lehman Brothers International and Robert Fleming & Co.
Momentive Performance Materials Inc. announced that Erick R. Asmussen has been named Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Company effective May 26, 2015. As a result of the new appointment, Brian Berger will resign the position of Interim Chief Financial Officer, which he has held since October 24, 2014. Prior to joining Momentive, Mr. Asmussen served as Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of GrafTech International, Ltd. from September 2013 to May 2015. Mr. Asmussen joined GrafTech in 1999 as the Tax Director. He has also served as GrafTech’s Worldwide Controller and Tax Director from December 1999 to August 2002, Treasurer and Director of Finance from September 2002 to April 2005 and Vice President of Strategy, Planning and Corporate Development from May 2005 to August 2013. Prior to GrafTech, Mr. Asmussen worked in various financial positions with Corning Incorporated, AT&T Corporation and Arthur Anderson LLP.
Vestmark announced Tiffany Freitas as the new Chief Financial Officer.  Christine Bodoin, former CFO of Vestmark, has become the company’s Chief Administrative Officer. Freitas was most recently Vice President of Finance for the Interactive division at the Walt Disney Company. Freitas previous experiences were with Bain Consulting and Citigroup Investment Banking.
Delphix announced that Stewart Grierson has joined the company’s executive team as Chief Financial Officer. Grierson held key roles in the IPOs of ArcSight and ONI Systems. Grierson is also a member of the board of directors for Ruckus Wireless.
Commerce Union Bancshares, Inc. appointed Sharon Edwards as a member of the board and as Lead Independent Director. She was also selected by the board of directors as chair of the audit committee, and will serve on the board of directors of Commerce Union Bank. Edwards is currently the Chief Financial Officer of Willis North America, a unit of Willis Group Holdings. She joined Willis in 1991 and has extensive financial and operational expertise. In 2009, Edwards was appointed Chief Administrative Officer, Willis North America. Prior to that, she served in a variety of leadership roles including, North America Controller, Regional Finance Officer for Willis’ Central Region and North America Director of Financial Operations.
Masonite International Corporation (NYSE: DOOR) announced that its Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Mark J. Erceg, will leave the company effective May 18, 2015 to become the Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Canadian Pacific Railway (TSX & NYSE: CP).
Synthetic Biologics, Inc. (NYSE MKT: SYN) announced Steven A. Shallcross has been appointed Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Secretary effective June 1, 2015. He replaces C. Evan Ballantyne who will be leaving the Company in May to pursue other interests. Mr. Shallcross served for four years as the Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of Vanda Pharmaceuticals, Inc. He currently is Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Nuo Therapeutics, Inc. and previously served as the Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Middlebrook Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (formerly Advancis Pharmaceutical Corporation). Mr. Shallcross also served as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Innocoll AG (formerly privately held Innocoll Holdings, Inc.). Mr. Shallcross also held key leadership positions with a number of other companies, including serving as the Chief Financial Officer of Empire Petroleum Partners, LLC and Bering Truck Corporation, and Acting Chief Financial Officer for Senseonics.
Sarcos Corp. announced that Peter Klein has joined the Company’s Strategic Advisory Board. Mr. Klein served as Chief Financial Officer of WME and as Chief Financial Officer of Microsoft Corporation. During his 11 years at Microsoft, Mr. Klein held various roles prior to becoming Chief Financial Officer, including roles as Chief Financial Officer of the Server and Tools and Microsoft Business Divisions. Prior to joining Microsoft, he held senior finance roles with McCaw Cellular Communications, Orca Bay Capital, Asta Networks and Homegrocer.com. Mr. Klein currently serves on the board of directors of F5 Networks and Apptio Inc.
Zoomdata announced the appointment of Robert Aldrich as Chief Financial Officer. Aldrich joined Zoomdata from Microsoft. Prior to that he served at CFO at NFR Security and Parature (acquired by Microsoft in 2014). Previously he served in executive finance roles at Deloitte & Touche, BioVeris and Best Software/Sage Software.
Chatham Lodging Trust (NYSE: CLDT) announced that it has promoted Dennis M. Craven from chief financial officer to executive vice president and chief operating officer. The company also announced that Jeremy Wegner is joining the company as senior vice president and chief financial officer. Prior to joining Chatham, Mr. Wegner served as vice president of mergers and acquisitions for Starwood Hotels & Resorts Worldwide. Prior to that, he was a senior vice president in the real estate investment banking groups at Barclays Capital Inc. and Lehman Brothers where he covered the lodging sector for over ten years. He began his career as an analyst in the investment banking group at Credit Suisse in 1998.
DTI announced the appointment of Edward R. James III as its chief financial officer. James will succeed Chris Henderson, who will transition to a senior advisor to the DTI board of directors after serving as CFO over the last 14 years. James comes to DTI from Birch Communications, Inc. where he served as CFO, senior vice president of finance and treasurer since 2008. Prior to working at Birch Communications, James held finance leadership positions at Carter’s, Inc., American Telecom Services, Inc. and United Parcel Service.
Birch Communications, Inc. announced the promotion of Scott Murphy to the role of Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. He previously served as the Vice President of Accounting at Birch for the past five years. 
Emerge Energy Services LP announced the appointment of Mr. Jody Tusa as the chief financial officer Emerge Energy Services GP LLC, the general partner of Emerge Energy. Mr. Tusa replaces Robert Lane, who has resigned for personal reasons. Mr. Tusa joins Emerge Energy from USA Compression Partners, LP where he served as CFO from 2008 to January 2015. Most recently, Mr. Tusa served as President of Compression JCT Holding Corporation. Previously, he served as the CFO of Comsys IT Partners, Inc. from 2001 to 2007, and has held positions at various entities as a finance officer since 1987.
Hawaiian Telcom (NASDAQ: HCOM) announced the appointment of Dan T. Bessey as its new Chief Financial Officer. Bessey joins Hawaiian Telcom from Cesca Therapeutics where he served as Chief Financial Officer. Previously, Bessey spent 17 years at SureWest Communications (merged with Consolidated Communications, Inc. in July 2012). He began his career at SureWest as its Director of Corporate Finance, was promoted to Controller then Vice President, Finance before being appointed Vice President, Chief Financial Officer.
Micron Technology, Inc. (NASDAQ: MU) announced that the company has appointed Ernie Maddock as Chief Financial Officer and Vice President, Finance, effective June 1, 2015. Mr. Maddock will join Micron after having served as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer at Riverbed Technology. Prior to his role at Riverbed, Maddock was with Lam Research, where he held several executive positions including Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Senior Vice President of Global Operations, and Vice President, Customer Support Business Group.
Pall Corporation appointed R. Brent Jones as interim Chief Financial Officer, replacing Angelina Rouse who will continue to serve as the Vice President, Group Financial Officer of Global Operations and Chief Accounting Officer. Mr. Jones joined in 2012. He currently serves as Senior Vice President of Corporate Development and Treasurer. From 2006 to 2012, Mr. Jones served as a Managing Director in the Corporate Finance and Restructuring Group at Bank of America Merrill Lynch’s investment bank.
Univision Communications Inc. announced that Francisco (Frank) J. Lopez-Balboa has been named chief financial officer. Peter H. Lori, who has served as Interim CFO since February, will continue as executive vice president of finance and chief accounting officer, and has also been named deputy CFO, reporting to Lopez-Balboa. Most recently, Lopez-Balboa served as a Managing Director and Head of Telecom, Media and Technology Investment Grade Financing at Goldman, Sachs & Co.
Universal American Corp. (NYSE: UAM) announced that President & Chief Financial Officer Robert A. Waegelein will retire on May 31, 2015. Mr. Waegelein joined the Company in 1990 and has been Chief Financial Officer for his entire 25 year tenure. The Company announced that Adam Thackery, the Company’s Senior Vice President, Financial Planning & Analysis since October 2008, will be promoted to Chief Financial Officer effective May 31, 2015.
Share this:LinkedInTwitterFacebookGoogleEmailPrintLike this:Like Loading...Follow CFO Moves via Email

Join the 6,386 people that receive this update by email every week. 
Enter your email address to subscribe to this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email.
 

							Email Address						












Sign up for the CFO Search Report
CFO Search Report, a follow on to CFO Moves, provides  information on CFO career opportunities in the market. 
CFO Search Report provides eligible CFOs with more information on the career opportunities identified in CFO Moves.  
CFO Search Report will provide monthly updates to eligible CFOs only. 
To apply to join and receive this exclusive monthly report, please click this link.
PS - Only qualified CFOs will be accepted to receive this exclusive monthly report. 


Samuel Dergel
Samuel is an Executive Search Consultant and CFO & Financial Executive Search Specialist with Dergel Executive Search.
Samuel and his team prepares this blog weekly so you can have one comprehensive source for CFO Moves across the USA. We track CFO Moves in our quest to be the most knowledgeable and up to date Executive Search firm focusing on the Chief Financial Officer.
If you are a company that would like help with your next CFO Hire, are a CFO that is looking to hire the right deputies for your team, or are a CFO looking for your next move, feel free to contact us.
Telephone: (415) 738-2070
Email: samuel@dergelcfo.com

 
 


Twitter: DergelCFOFollow"6 years later: Looking back at my career reboot" https://t.co/0DOtFZjK8z by @DergelCFO on @LinkedIn   Are you a #CFO with something to say about US #taxreform ?   RT @cfo: Penn West CFO and two deputies charged with #fraud. https://t.co/BlM98ACgrm https://t.co/oA76gnXLFu   This weeks' #CFO Moves includes movement at @LiquidRobotics @Kohls @MarinSoftware and 19 other co's… https://t.co/3VA0ZPZBq8   RT @OracleERPCloud: #CFOs: which quality best describes your style? See what else @DergelCFO thinks makes a great #CFO https://t.co/3TLWeah…   
Archives
Archives

Select Month
 July 2017 
 June 2017 
 May 2017 
 April 2017 
 March 2017 
 February 2017 
 January 2017 
 December 2016 
 November 2016 
 October 2016 
 September 2016 
 August 2016 
 July 2016 
 June 2016 
 May 2016 
 April 2016 
 March 2016 
 February 2016 
 January 2016 
 December 2015 
 November 2015 
 October 2015 
 September 2015 
 August 2015 
 July 2015 
 June 2015 
 May 2015 
 April 2015 
 March 2015 
 February 2015 
 January 2015 
 December 2014 
 November 2014 
 October 2014 
 September 2014 
 August 2014 
 July 2014 
 June 2014 
 May 2014 
 April 2014 
 March 2014 
 February 2014 
 January 2014 
 December 2013 
 November 2013 
 October 2013 
 September 2013 
 August 2013 
 July 2013 
 June 2013 
 May 2013 
 April 2013 
 March 2013 
 February 2013 
 January 2013 
 December 2012 
 November 2012 
 October 2012 
 September 2012 
 August 2012 
 July 2012 
 June 2012 
 May 2012 
 April 2012 
 March 2012 
 February 2012 
 January 2012 
 December 2011 
 November 2011 
 October 2011 
 September 2011 


EmailLinkedinRSSTwitter
© 2011-2016 Samuel Dergel (Executive Search Consultant and CFO Search Specialist). All rights reserved


 




Send to Email Address

Your Name

Your Email Address





Cancel

				Post was not sent - check your email addresses!			

				Email check failed, please try again			

				Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.			














%d bloggers like this:



