
Security Check Required




FacebookJoin or Log Into Facebook   Email or PhonePasswordForgot account?Log InDo you want to join Facebook?Sign UpSign UpSecurity CheckPlease enter the text belowCan't read the text above?Try another text or an audio captchaText in the box:What's this?Security CheckThis is a standard security test that we use to prevent spammers from creating fake accounts and spamming users.SubmitEnglish (US)EspañolFrançais (France)中文(简体)العربيةPortuguês (Brasil)Italiano한국어Deutschहिन्दी日本語MessengerFacebook LitePeoplePlacesGamesLocationsCelebritiesMarketplaceGroupsRecipesMomentsInstagramAboutCreate AdCreate PageDevelopersCareersPrivacyCookiesAd ChoicesTermsSettingsActivity Log Facebook © 2017


    Ari Shalam | RWN Real Estate Partners LLC | ZoomInfo.com










 


 



Ari Shalam (@ari_shalam) â˘ Instagram photos and videos


























































































VOXX Ari M. Shalam Insider Trades for VOXX International Corp. Cl A


































Bulletin






Investor Alert







New York Markets Close in:



Market Snapshot
Winners and Losers


















Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close































VOXX International Corp. Cl A

                  NASDAQ: VOXX
          



GO



Set Alerts
Find a Broker




Join TD Ameritrade




Market Index


 

Overview
      
Profile
      
News
      
Charts
      
Financials
      
Historical Quotes
      
Analyst Estimates
      
Options
      
SEC Filings
      
Insiders
      


/marketstate/country/us

VOXX International Corp. Cl A



Countdown to close
 --Real time quotes
Jul 28, 2017, 3:05 p.m.


VOXX

/quotes/zigman/7652534/composite


$
6.68




Change

-0.28
-3.96%

Volume
Volume 125,512
Real time quotes








/quotes/zigman/7652534/composite
Previous close

$
			6.95
		


$
				6.68
			
Change

-0.28
-3.96%





Day low
Day high
$6.65
$7.10










52 week low
52 week high

            $2.47
        

            $9.00
        


















Insider Activity


Individual




Ari M. Shalam



Mr. Ari M. Shalam is a Managing Director at RWN Real Estate Partners LLC. He is on the Board of Directors at VOXX International Corp., Baby Buggy, Inc., and Trinity Episcopal School Corp.
Mr. Shalam was previously employed as Senior Vice President-Acquisitions by Taconic Investment Partners LLC.
He received his undergraduate degree from The Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania and an MBA from Harvard Business School.



Transactions


Date
Shares
Transaction
Value





10/04/2016
1,429


 
Acquisition at $2.91 per share.


4,158


10/03/2016
500


 
Acquisition at $3 per share.


1,500


09/30/2016
1,000


 
Acquisition at $3 per share.


3,000


09/29/2016
2,000


 
Acquisition at $3 per share.


6,000


09/14/2016
1,000


 
Acquisition at $3 per share.


3,000


09/13/2016
1,804


 
Acquisition at $3 per share.


5,412


09/09/2016
3,600


 
Acquisition at $3 per share.


10,800


09/06/2016
2,000


 
Acquisition at $3 per share.


6,000


06/16/2015
6,000


 
Disposition at $8.38 per share.


50,280


06/16/2015
6,000


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $6.79 per share.


40,740


01/09/2014
5,000


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $7.75 per share.


38,750





        Copyright 2017 FactSet Research Systems Inc. All rights reserved. Source FactSet Fundamentals.
    











            Officers and Executives
        





Mr. John J. Shalam 
Chairman




Mr. Patrick M. Lavelle 
President, Chief Executive Officer & Director




Ms. Loriann  Shelton 
Chief Operating & Accounting Officer




Mr. Charles Michael Stoehr 
Chief Financial Officer, Director & Senior VP




Ms. Denise W. Gibson 
Director




Mr. Ari M. Shalam 
Director




Mr. C. David Geise 
Senior Vice President-Sales




Mr. Thomas C. Malone 
Senior Vice President-Sales




Ms. Ann M. Boutcher 
CMO, Vice President & Media Relations Contact




Ms. Larissa  Bertolotti 
Manager-Public Relations & Social Media




Ms. Chris Lis Johnson 
Secretary & Vice President-Employee Programs




Mr. John  Adamovich 
Independent Director




Mr. Peter A. Lesser 
Independent Director




Mr. Paul C. Kreuch 
Independent Director









Trending Tickers


/quotes/zigman/17636479/composite VUZI+15.60%


/quotes/zigman/237947/composite JCP-5.83%


/quotes/zigman/59392505/composite NUGT-2.93%


/quotes/zigman/59386294/composite JNUG-5.94%


/quotes/zigman/65801738/composite TLT+1.11%


X




Powered by














Log In




3:06 PM EDT
July 28, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Open


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
3:06pWhy John McCain ignored Trump plea and shot down Obamacare repeal               
3:05pWall Street isn’t ready for a 1,100-point tumble in the Dow industrials
3:04pU.S. economy speeds up in second quarter after bumpy ride earlier in the year  
2:57pWaters has testy exchange with Mnuchin over Trump financing
2:55pTreasury yields slide after second-quarter GDP data
2:53pInvestment chief who manages $19 billion sees big gains on the ‘frontier’
2:51pThese companies spent over $1 billion buying back shares while their CEOs were dumping them
2:51pThis fund strategist says there’s at least one way companies can survive Amazon’s onslaught
2:50pWeekend roundup: Amazon’s spending | Surviving Amazon |  Caterpillar’s comeback
2:50pWhat the proposed 20% cut in farm subsidies mean for your grocery bill
2:50pHealth-care fund managers say a spike in drugs and devices will produce big returns
2:50pCORRECTEDGoodyear stock stumbles 11% after quarter ‘played out differently than we expected’
2:49pWhat 10 million simulations tell us about President Trump’s chances of achieving 3% economic growth
2:47pPeople still aren’t saving for retirement — and that’s part of why myRA is shutting down 
2:47pTo be a better investor, read more good novels
2:46pAct like a pro athlete the next time you ask for a pay raise 
2:46pWhy gold buyers are so susceptible to fraud
2:44pOil prices log biggest weekly gain of the year
2:39pGold tallies third weekly gain on North Korea news, weaker dollar 
2:39pWTI oil ends at highest since late May, up 8.6% for the week
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,819.25

+22.70
+0.10%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,376.17

-6.02
-0.09%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,471.11

-4.31
-0.17%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15
























































VOXX International
























Board & Management Bios



VOXX International Board of Directors

John J. Shalam, Chairman, VOXX International Corporation
Patrick M. Lavelle, Director, President and Chief Executive Officer (CEO),
				VOXX International Corporation
Charles M. Stoehr, Director, Senior VP, Chief Financial Officer (CFO),
				VOXX International Corporation
Paul C. Kreuch Jr., Director
Peter A. Lesser, Director
John Adamovich, Jr., Director
Ari M. Shalam, Director
Denise Waund Gibson, Director

VOXX International Management Team

Patrick M. Lavelle, Director, President and Chief Executive Officer,
				VOXX International Corporation
Charles M. Stoehr, Director, Senior VP, Chief Financial Officer,
				VOXX International Corporation
Loriann Shelton, Senior VP, Chief Operating Officer,
				VOXX International Corporation
Ludwig Geis, President, VOXX/Hirschman; President & CEO, Hirschmann
				Car Communication GmbH,
				both wholly owned subsidiaries of VOXX International Corporation
T. Paul Jacobs, CEO, Klipsch Group, Inc,
				 — wholly owned subsidiary of VOXX International Corporation
C. David Geise, CEO, VOXX Accessories Corporation
				— wholly owned subsidiary of VOXX International Corporation
Ian Geise, President, VOXX Accessories Corporation —wholly
				owned subsidiary of
				VOXX International Corporation.
Thomas C. Malone, President, VOXX Advanced Solutions Group —division
				of
				VOXX International Corporation
Aron Demers, Senior Vice President,
				VOXX/ Hirschmann Automotive
Mark Finger, Managing Director/CEO,
				VOXX International German Holdings



John J. Shalam

John J. Shalam founded Audiovox Corporation (now VOXX International Corp) in 1965 and was
					elected Chairman of the Board by May 2005. He served as President, Chief Executive Officer,
					and Director of VOXX International (or its predecessor) from 1960 through May 2005. Shalam
					was instrumental in building his company from a marketer of one of the world's first in-dash
					auto sound systems to a major player in the cellular industry and a leader in consumer
					electronics. He is a significant force within the realm of mergers and acquisitions.
					Shalam was at the helm in 1987 when the company went public and serves today in an advisory
					capacity. Shalam leads an active life outside of Audiovox as a member of The Wharton Club
					of New York and the University of Pennsylvania's Benjamin Franklin Society. He is a life
					member of the Alpha Epsilon Pi Fraternity, Officer of La Chaíne des Rótisseurs (N.Y. Chapter),
					a member of the Ordre Mondial Du Vin, Fondateur de L' Académie Brillat-Savarin,
					and Past President and Director of the Old Westbury Horsemen's Foundation.
Shalam is active in the Consumer Electronics Association (CEA)® where he serves on
					the Board of Industry Leaders (BIL) and is the chairman of CEA's Investment Committee and
					charitable foundation. He played a significant role in helping CEA become an active participant
					in the Wireless Communications Industry by establishing the Wireless Communications Division in
					2001 and acting as its first and founding chairman. By 1997, he received the Ellis Island Medal
					of Honor and was inducted into the CEA Hall of Fame in October 2009.


Patrick M. Lavelle

Patrick M. Lavelle was elected President and CEO of VOXX International in May 2005 following stints
					as Vice President of VOXX International, Senior Vice President, and President of VOXX Electronics Corp.
					He was elected to the VOXX International Board of Directors in 1993 and serves as a Director of most
					of VOXX International's operating subsidiaries. Lavelle joined VOXX International as an audio salesman
					and held numerous sales management positions before being appointed Vice President of Mobile Accessory
					Products in 1980. Under Lavelle's direction, VOXX International diversified into the mobile electronics
					category and quickly became a dominant manufacturer of automotive entertainment and security systems.
					By 1992, VOXX International's Mobile Division was consolidated into VOXX Electronics Corp, and Lavelle
					became its first President.
Under Lavelle, the company has been active on the acquisition front and expanded its lines and brands
					including developing a significant international business. Some of the brands acquired include well-known
					names such as Klipsch, RCA, Acoustic Research, Jensen, Code Alarm, and Terk, as well as international
					brands such as Magnat, Heco, and Mac Audio. A veteran of the consumer electronics industry, Lavelle
					takes an active role in the Consumer Electronics Association (CEA)®, where he has held
					several key committee positions over the years. Among the more notable posts he held in CEA are
					Chairman of the In-Vehicle Electronics Board, Chairman of the Consumer Electronics Association,
					and Executive Board. Currently, Lavelle sits on the CEA Executive Board as an industry analyst
					and past chair. He is active in his community and serves on the Board of Trustees at his alma
					mater, Marist College in New York.


Charles M. Stoehr

Charles M. Stoehr has been VOXX International's Chief Financial Officer since 1979 and Senior
					Vice President since 1990. When the company filed its IPO in 1987, Stoehr became part of the
					VOXX International Board of Directors.
Stoehr was instrumental in the company's 1987 IPO, the subsequent 144 Subordinated Debenture
					offering, and its ultimate conversion. Additionally, he manages the financial side of the
					company's acquisition program, which has added ten businesses to the VOXX International family
					to date. VOXX International's Management Information Services (MIS) group, which is a staff of
					nearly 60 all report to Stoehr. By 2009, Stoehr established a new company-wide buying and
					inventory control programs as part of the budgetary controls. Before joining VOXX International,
					Stoehr was a commercial loan officer at Chase.


Paul C. Kreuch, Jr.

Paul C. Kreuch Jr. was elected to the VOXX International Board of Directors in February 1997
					and has been Chairman of the Audit Committee since May 2005. Recently, Kreuch was a principal
					at Knightsbridge Advisors LLC. As a search executive, he has completed searches for positions
					including Vice Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, Senior Executive Vice President, and other
					functional senior manager roles in specialties such as Corporate Banking, Treasury, Finance,
					Retail Banking, and Administration. Before entering the search profession, he was a banker
					for more than 34 years.
Kreuch began his banking career at Pittsburgh National Bank and later Wachovia Bank and Trust Company
					in Winston-Salem, North Carolina. He joined NatWest Bancorp in 1982 and managed the U.S. and
					Regional banking groups before becoming head of corporate banking and being named President,
					CEO and a member of the board of NatWest USA. Past affiliations include serving on the Best
					Practices Council of the National Association of Corporate Directors, the Citywide Advisory
					Board of Neighborhood Housing Services of New York City, and the Bankers Round table.


Peter A. Lesser

Peter A. Lesser was elected to the VOXX International Board of Directors in 2003. Lesser founded
					X-10 (USA) Inc., a wholesaler of electronic home control and security systems serving as president
					from 1984 to 2009. A former member of the Executive Board of the Consumer Electronics Association
					from 1999 to 2010 and served as its Industry Executive Advisor from 2005 to 2010. Additionally,
					Lesser is a former President of the (electronic) Security Industry Association (SIA).


John Adamovich, Jr.

John Adamovich, Jr. was appointed to the VOXX International Board of Directors effective,
					November 3rd, 2016. Mr. Adamovich fills a vacancy on the Board following the 2016 Annual Meeting
					of Stockholders. He is an independent Director as defined by the Securities and Exchange Commission,
					and will serve on VOXX International's Audit, Compensation and Special Transactions committees.
Adamovich brings to VOXX over 40-years of financial and management experience, and a wealth of expertise
					in corporate finance, corporate governance, mergers and acquisitions, and SEC and risk management
					compliance.
					In his most recent position, Mr. Adamovich served as Chief Financial Officer of Aeroflex Holding Corp.,
					a NYSE-listed aerospace and test & measurement company focused on wireless communications. He served
					as Chief Financial Officer for almost a decade, and was responsible for all financial functions, including
					corporate reporting, financial planning, accounting, tax, treasury, insurance, internal audit, IT, and
					risk management. He also has considerable experience in M&A activities, having overseen both
					acquisitions and divestitures.
Prior to Aeroflex, Mr. Adamovich served as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Rainbow
					Media Enterprises, a subsidiary of Cablevision Systems Corporation; Group Vice President and Chief Financial
					Officer and Treasurer of NYSE listed Pall Corporation, a leading manufacturer of filtration, separation and
					purification solutions. Earlier in his career, Mr. Adamovich held a number of roles over a more than 20-year
					period with KPMG, ultimately as an SEC Reviewing Partner and Professional Practice Partner.
Mr. Adamovich has also served on the Board of Delta Financial Corporation. A graduate of
					St. John's University, he is a member of the American Institute of CPA's (AICPA) and the
					New York State Society of CPA's (NYSSCPA).


Ari Shalam

Ari M. Shalam was elected to the board in 2011. He is the eldest son of Chairman John Shalam.
					Shalam worked with VOXX International both in its former wireless division and corporate management,
					before transitioning into the real estate business. Shalam is presently the Managing Director of RWN
					Real Estate Partners LLC, a New York City-based real estate private equity fund. Previously, he has
					worked with Enterprise Asset Management, Taconic Investment Partners, and the Kaufman Organization.
Over the course of his real estate career, he has successfully led more than $1.5 billion in
					investment and development transactions across numerous real estate asset classes and has served
					on the board of VOXX International. Shalam is currently a trustee of the Trinity School in
					New York City and a member of the board of directors of Baby Buggy Inc. a not-for-profit charity.
					Shalam received his BS-Economics from the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania and his
					MBA from Harvard Business School.


Denise Waund Gibson

Denise Waund Gibson was elected to the VOXX International Board for Director in 2015. Gibson is a
					seasoned senior executive and board member with over 30 years of experience in consumer electronics
					design and manufacturing, logistics and supply chain distribution, and retail services. Currently,
					Gibson serves as the co-founder and Chairperson of Ice Mobility that launched in 2014. Additionally,
					she is a national provider and distributor of wireless products and supply chain logistics solutions.
Gibson once served as the founder and former President/CEO of Brightstar US and as a director of
					Brightstar Corp. from 2001 to 2011, a company that is a leading services provider to the global
					wireless industry. Before joining Brightstar, she spent seventeen years at Motorola. Gibson has
					an extensive history that includes her time serving as a member of the executive board and Chairman of
					the Audit Committee of the Consumer Electronics Association and a former Vice Chair of CTIA's Wireless
					Foundation. Gibson's qualifications to serve on the Board include her demonstrated leadership ability,
					knowledge of marketing, supply chain logistics, corporate finance and the operational and strategic
					issues facing the consumer electronics business. Additionally, her prior board service at CEA, CTIA,
					and Brightstar will give her invaluable insight into the issues the Company's Board may consider.


Loriann Shelton

Loriann Shelton was appointed SR. VP and COO in January of 2016. Achieving this new role, Shelton
					will work closely with the Company's leadership team, looking at various process improvement
					programs to enhance efficiencies among the Company's global subsidiaries. She will oversee the
					Corporate Shared Services Groups, including Accounting, Accounts Payable, Corporate Compliance,
					Credit, Customer Service, Display, Human Resources, Logistics, Operations, and Web Services.
					Additionally, Shelton will continue in her current role as Chief Accounting Officer, responsible for
					budgeting, forecasting, and management of VOXX International's Accounting and Credit groups.
Shelton will maintain her current responsibilities as CFO of VOXX Electronics Corp, a position she has
					held since 1994 and CFO of VOXX Accessories Corporation, which she held since 2007. With these roles,
					she is responsible for all budgeting, forecasting, and management of their accounting and credit groups.
					Additionally, her team will manage the consolidation for public reporting of the company's subsidiaries
					including overseas operations. Shelton received a Masters degree in Business Administration (MBA) in
					Finance from LIU, CW Post. She is actively engaged with several charitable organizations and serves as
					one of two corporate liaisons with The American Heart Association.


Ludwig Geis

Ludwig Geis has been the President of VOXX/Hirschmann since 2014, and CEO of Hirschmann Car
					Communication GmbH since 2007. The two companies represent VOXX International's Automotive Business
					and direct their efforts to both the OE and Aftermarket on a domestic and international scale.
VoxxHirschmann Corporation-Orlando, Florida combines the company's Original Equipment Automotive
					Groups (OEM) into a single entity that includes, Hirschmann Car Communications®, Audiovox
					Incaar®, Code Alarm® OE in Detroit, our Invision® team in
					Florida, and Voxx Electronics' 12 Volt Aftermarket business.
Both VoxxHirschmann and Hirschmann Car Communication have tier-1 supplier status to many of the
					world's largest automakers. The extensive list of customers includes Audi, Bentley, BMW, Citroen,
					Daimler, FCA, Ford, GM, Hyundai, KIA, Jaguar, Mazda, Nissan, Peugeot, Porsche, Rolls-Royce, Scion,
					Subaru, Toyota to name a few.
Geise has been in the industry since 1976 and held a variety of positions in product development,
					research development, and software design. He has worked for companies such as Siemens, Robert
					Bosch GmbH in Berlin, and Blaupunkt GmbH in Hildesheim. As president of the Company's Automotive
					'Arms', Geis is directly responsible for the OE product development for Infotainment and
					Antenna Solutions worldwide.


T. Paul Jacobs

T. Paul Jacobs is CEO of Klipsch Group, Inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary of VOXX International Corporation
					and leading global manufacturer of premium sound solutions for the consumer and professional
					markets. With the legendary Klipsch®, Jamo®, and Energy® brands
					under its corporate umbrella, Klipsch Group offers more than 160 collective years of superior
					engineering and world-class research and development experience.
Before being named CEO, Jacobs served as president and chief operating officer of Klipsch Group, Inc.
					and was responsible for the company's operations. Through previous years, Paul progressed several
					executive level positions at Klipsch, including president of the Klipsch and Jamo brands, executive
					vice president, chief operating officer, company vice president, and vice president of worldwide sales.
He first joined Klipsch as a manufacturer's representative after working as sales manager for
					Lyons & Associates, a consumer electronics rep firm, and as regional sales manager for Fretter Appliance.
					Altogether, Jacobs Career represents significant retail, manufacturing, sales and management experience
					totaling over 30 years.


C. David Geise

C. David Geise has spent more than three decades in the consumer electronics and appliance industries.
					As CEO of VOXX Accessories Corporation, Geise oversees all activities of the business and is
					responsible for the company's financial performance.
Before joining VOXX International, Geise held numerous executive positions with Thomson Consumer
					Electronics. His previous roles included Sales Department Manager (1988-2006), President of Thomson
					Canada (1991-1993), Vice President and General Manager, Thomson Latin America (1993-2001), Vice
					President and General Manager of Thomson Accessories Worldwide (2001-2006), and Vice President
					of International Business Americas (2006).
Geise was instrumental in helping VOXX International establish as a dominant CE accessory company
					in North America. Prior to Thomson Consumer Electronics' acquisition of GE/RCA consumer electronics
					business from General Electric in 1988, Geise worked for GE in various sales, marketing, and
					business development positions starting in 1977.


Ian Geise

Ian Geise joined VOXX Accessories Corporation in 2008 following management positions with Sirius
					Satellite Radio (2000-2007), Directv (1998-2000), and Directv's Latin American affiliate
					(1995-1998). Within Voxx Accessories Corp., he has served as Vice-President, Marketing, and most
					recently as Senior Vice-President, Marketing, and Product Management.
As President of Voxx Accessories, Geise will be responsible for sales/ product development,
					engineering, marketing, sourcing, and purchasing. The VOXX Accessories portfolio includes
					Acoustic Research, RCA, RCA Symphonix, TERK, 360 Fly, Singtrix, Jensen and Surface brands.
					The company's product lines are diverse and cover a broad range of consumer electronics.
					These electronics include wireless speakers, headphones, sports action cameras, baby monitors,
					mobile charging stations, mobile accessories, clock radios, remote controls, indoor/outdoor
					TV reception, HDMI cables, additional A/V connectivity accessories, personal sound amplifiers,
					surge protectors, power conditioning, cleaning, and care products.
Geise is no stranger to new product development and product launches. At Sirius, Geise was
					responsible for the retail marketing execution, and at Voxx, he has led the successful
					launch of the 808 audio brand, which has met with widespread consumer acceptance. Geise works
					in close collaboration with the Company's retail distribution including the development of
					joint marketing promotions with some of the industry's giants.


Thomas C. Malone

Thomas C. Malone is President of VOXX Advanced Solutions, a division of VOXX International Corporation.
					Malone joined VOXX International in 1986 as a vehicle security specialist and was appointed Senior
					Vice President of Sales for VOXX Electronics Corp. in 2006 and President of that subsidiary in 2007.
As President of VOXX Advanced Solutions, Malone will focus on the development of ground-breaking
					digital technology. His experience in innovative product development as well as sales management,
					distribution, and marketing have guided the Company's entrance into exciting new products and
					markets that range from action cameras to connected cars. Malone is a relationship builder who
					developed and maintained significant partnerships for VOXX. These companies include Sirius,
					Qualcomm, 360fly, Eyelock, iBiquity, and IGT, along with Wireless Carriers such as AT&T and Sprint.
					His experience positioned him to achieve the Company's goal successfully, as he continues to partner
					with companies that have new technology and a global reach. His outsourced partnerships are qualified
					to be used throughout the VOXX family of businesses as it continues to expand towards new markets and
					distribution channels.
VOXX Advanced Solutions manages the existing partnerships with 360fly in the high-profile action
					sports market, AT&T/ Car Connection, Eyelock iris authentication, and Biometric Solutions products.
					Additionally, it brings Voxx into the growing body camera space and is aligned with a major carrier
					for the launch of 4G streaming body camera that will target law enforcement, correctional facilities
					and the public safety sector. Before joining VOXX International, Malone served as Vice President for
					Primary Security, a New York-based Vehicle security manufacturer. He is a veteran of the consumer
					electronics industry and sits on the board of the Mobile Electronics Division of the
					Consumer Electronics Association.


Aron Demers

Aron Demers is a 27-year CE Industry veteran that was recently appointed as Senior Vice President
					of VOXX/ Hirschmann Automotive Aftermarket in March 2016. Demers' new role has given him complete
					responsibility for the VOXX Electronics Group 12 Volt aftermarket sales/ product development as
					well as the company's financial performance, budgeting, forecasting, inventory management, sales,
					and management of VOXX 12 Volt Aftermarket sales groups. VOXX Electronics includes the Aftermarket
					activities for the Advent, Audiovox, Code-Alarm, Invision, Movies-2-Go, Omega, Prestige, and
					Pursuit brands as well as the continued distribution of the SXM Satellite radio products.
Demers began his career at VOXX in 1995 as the Western Regional Retail Sales Manager for AEC and
					has held the position of Vice President of Sales since 1997. He was instrumental in the launch
					of the Mobile Video group, one of the most successful in the 12 Volt category. Demers enjoys
					strong relationships with the Company's 12 Volt distribution that includes its distributor, car
					dealer, and independent retailer forces.
Demers is active in the Consumer Electronics Industry and supports groups such as CTA, MESA, and MERA.


Mark Finger

Mark Finger is the Managing Director/CEO of Audiovox German Holdings. He has been in the audio
					business since 1987 and held a variety of positions in the consumer electronics industry in Europe.
					Before VOXX International, Finger worked for Magnat between 1987-1992, where he began in sales and
					ended in a management role for a handful of different departments. By 1992, Finger became Managing
					Director/CEO for International Jensen at Recoton German Holdings. He maintained this position when
					VOXX International acquired Recoton German Holdings and became Audiovox German Holdings.
Finger is presently responsible for all of Audiovox German Holdings, which includes five active business
					operations such as the recent acquisitions of Schwaiger, Oehlbach, and Incar. Additionally, he
					supervises the marketing of products under seven international brands. Finger manages all business
					affairs for Audiovox German Holdings including brand positioning, acquisition of companies,
					marketing, sourcing, manufacturing, product development, sales, and distribution. He is on the Board of
					Directors of CCTL, Car Communications Holdings (Hirschmann).









STOCK QUOTE: 
Price: $5.001
Change (%): 0
						(0%)

See Full Quote






STAY CONNECTED














































Ari Shalam – Commercial Observer












 


























 














Skip to content







 



















Search






New York City
Manhattan
Brooklyn
Queens
Bronx
Staten Island
National
 















Leases

Industrial
Office
Retail
All


Finance

Acquisition
Construction
CMBS
Refinance
All


Sales

Residential
Commercial
Mixed Use
Land
Hotels
Development Rights
All


Design + Construction

Architecture
Construction
Infrastructure
Wired City
Policy
Urban Planning
Neighborhoods
All


More

Features
Columnists
Analysis
Research
Industry
Legal
Players
Transportation
All


Videos

Commercial Observer Video


Events
Top Markets

New York City
Manhattan
Brooklyn
Queens
Bronx
Staten Island
National


Subscribe
Advertise
Contact
Power 50 List
Power 100
Owners Magazine
 
Subscribe












					   © 2017 Observer Media · Terms · Privacy

















 Ari Shalam 








Sales 
The Grayson in Kips Bay Sells for $100M

By
					
					Al Barbarino				



 











 
Trending Stories






Sales  ·  Residential 

New York City 
Owner of 27-Unit West Village Rental for Six Decades Sells Building for $18M









Leases  ·  Office 

New York City 
Swedish Photography Organization Takes Entirety of Aby Rosen’s 281 PAS









Finance 

Manhattan 
Billionaires’ Row Supertall Causes Row–Are Michael Stern and PMG in Trouble?









Design + Construction  ·  Urban Planning 

New York City 
Deal Reached for Midtown East Rezoning













Sales  ·  Commercial 
RWN Pays $3.8 M. for Bowery Retail Condo, Appoints RKF to Market

By
						Al Barbarino
									
























 
Trending Stories






Sales  ·  Residential 

New York City 
Owner of 27-Unit West Village Rental for Six Decades Sells Building for $18M









Leases  ·  Office 

New York City 
Swedish Photography Organization Takes Entirety of Aby Rosen’s 281 PAS









Finance 

Manhattan 
Billionaires’ Row Supertall Causes Row–Are Michael Stern and PMG in Trouble?









Design + Construction  ·  Urban Planning 

New York City 
Deal Reached for Midtown East Rezoning






















































































































































































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











Ari Shalam |  | Decypha

































Sign In
|
Welcome  Guest 









 







Regions

GCC
                                |
                                    Levant
                                |
                                    MENA
                                |
                                    North Africa




GCC

Bahrain
                            |
                            Kuwait
                            |
                            Oman
                            |
                            Qatar
                            |
                            Saudi Arabia
                            |
                            United Arab Emirates




Levant

Iraq
                            |
                            Jordan
                            |
                            Lebanon
                            |
                            Palestine




North Africa

Egypt
                            |
                            Libya
                            |
                            Morocco
                            |
                            Tunisia




Others

Iran
                            |
                            Turkey
                            |
                            United Kingdom
                            |
                            United States












Advanced Search















News






Markets






Companies






Research






Funds






Fixed Income






Money Markets






Commodities






FX






Economics






Analysis






More











Sign In
Membership
Customize Your Decypha
Logout
Welcome
Decypha Alerts












Home




People Profiles




People Profile



Ari Shalam Profile














Full Name:

                                                    Ari Shalam
                                                







Country:











Biography


                                                    Ari M. Shalam, 42, has over 12 years experience in the real estate investment business in sourcing, finance, acquisition, development and management of... 











Designations




Date
Designation
Entity
Entity Description
Country




2011


VOXX International Corp

--

--









Check all the  individuals in 
Check The List






Request a Trial
















Title:*


Select
Mr
Mrs
Ms
Miss
Dr
Prof




First Name:*



Last Name:*



Job Title:*


Select
 Asset Managers
 Corporate Banks
 Investment Managers
 Wealth Managers
 Consultants & Advisors
 Legal Practioners
 Academics
 Hedge Funds
 Private Equity Analysts
 Traders
 Equity Research Analysts




Phone:*



Company:*




Email:*




Country:*


Select

                                                Afganistan
                                        

                                                Albania
                                        

                                                Algeria
                                        

                                                American Samoa
                                        

                                                Andorra
                                        

                                                Angola
                                        

                                                Anguilla
                                        

                                                Antarctica
                                        

                                                Antigua and Barbuda
                                        

                                                Argentina
                                        

                                                Armenia
                                        

                                                Aruba
                                        

                                                Australia
                                        

                                                Austria
                                        

                                                Azerbaijan
                                        

                                                Bahamas
                                        

                                                Bahrain
                                        

                                                Bangladesh
                                        

                                                Barbados
                                        

                                                Belarus
                                        

                                                Belgium
                                        

                                                Belize
                                        

                                                Benin
                                        

                                                Bermuda
                                        

                                                Bhutan
                                        

                                                Bolivia
                                        

                                                Bosnia and Herzegovina
                                        

                                                Botswana
                                        

                                                Bouvet Island
                                        

                                                Brazil
                                        

                                                British Indian Ocean Territory
                                        

                                                Brunei
                                        

                                                Bulgaria
                                        

                                                Burkina Faso
                                        

                                                Burundi
                                        

                                                Cambodia
                                        

                                                Cameroon
                                        

                                                Canada
                                        

                                                Cape Verde
                                        

                                                Cayman Islands
                                        

                                                Central African Republic
                                        

                                                Chad
                                        

                                                Chile
                                        

                                                China
                                        

                                                Christmas Island
                                        

                                                Cocos (Keeling) Islands
                                        

                                                Colombia
                                        

                                                Comoros
                                        

                                                Congo
                                        

                                                Cook Islands
                                        

                                                Costa Rica
                                        

                                                Cote D'Ivoire (Ivory Coast)
                                        

                                                Croatia (Hrvatska)
                                        

                                                Cuba
                                        

                                                Curacao
                                        

                                                Cyprus
                                        

                                                Czech Republic
                                        

                                                Czechoslovakia (former)
                                        

                                                Denmark
                                        

                                                Djibouti
                                        

                                                Dominica
                                        

                                                Dominican Republic
                                        

                                                East Timor
                                        

                                                Ecuador
                                        

                                                Egypt
                                        

                                                El Salvador
                                        

                                                Equatorial Guinea
                                        

                                                Eritrea
                                        

                                                Estonia
                                        

                                                Ethiopia
                                        

                                                Falkland Islands (Malvinas)
                                        

                                                Faroe Islands
                                        

                                                Fiji
                                        

                                                Finland
                                        

                                                France
                                        

                                                France, Metropolitan
                                        

                                                French Guiana
                                        

                                                French Polynesia
                                        

                                                French Southern Territories
                                        

                                                Gabon
                                        

                                                Gambia
                                        

                                                Georgia
                                        

                                                Germany
                                        

                                                Ghana
                                        

                                                Gibraltar
                                        

                                                Greece
                                        

                                                Greenland
                                        

                                                Grenada
                                        

                                                Guadeloupe
                                        

                                                Guam
                                        

                                                Guatemala
                                        

                                                Guernsey
                                        

                                                Guinea
                                        

                                                Guinea-Bissau
                                        

                                                Guyana
                                        

                                                Haiti
                                        

                                                Heard and McDonald Islands
                                        

                                                Honduras
                                        

                                                Hong Kong
                                        

                                                Hungary
                                        

                                                Iceland
                                        

                                                India
                                        

                                                Indonesia
                                        

                                                Iran
                                        

                                                Iraq
                                        

                                                Ireland
                                        

                                                Isle of Man
                                        

                                                Israel
                                        

                                                Italy
                                        

                                                Jamaica
                                        

                                                Japan
                                        

                                                Jersey
                                        

                                                Jordan
                                        

                                                Kazakhstan
                                        

                                                Kenya
                                        

                                                Kiribati
                                        

                                                Kuwait
                                        

                                                Kyrgyzstan
                                        

                                                Laos
                                        

                                                Latvia
                                        

                                                Lebanon
                                        

                                                Lesotho
                                        

                                                Liberia
                                        

                                                Libya
                                        

                                                Liechtenstein
                                        

                                                Lithuania
                                        

                                                Luxembourg
                                        

                                                Macau
                                        

                                                Macedonia
                                        

                                                Madagascar
                                        

                                                Malawi
                                        

                                                Malaysia
                                        

                                                Maldives
                                        

                                                Mali
                                        

                                                Malta
                                        

                                                Marshall Islands
                                        

                                                Martinique
                                        

                                                Mauritania
                                        

                                                Mauritius
                                        

                                                Mayotte
                                        

                                                Mexico
                                        

                                                Micronesia
                                        

                                                Moldova
                                        

                                                Monaco
                                        

                                                Mongolia
                                        

                                                Montenegro
                                        

                                                Montserrat
                                        

                                                Morocco
                                        

                                                Mozambique
                                        

                                                Myanmar
                                        

                                                Namibia
                                        

                                                Nauru
                                        

                                                Nepal
                                        

                                                Netherlands
                                        

                                                Netherlands Antilles
                                        

                                                Neutral Zone
                                        

                                                New Caledonia
                                        

                                                New Zealand (Aotearoa)
                                        

                                                Nicaragua
                                        

                                                Niger
                                        

                                                Nigeria
                                        

                                                Niue
                                        

                                                Norfolk Island
                                        

                                                North Korea
                                        

                                                Northern Mariana Islands
                                        

                                                Norway
                                        

                                                Oman
                                        

                                                Pakistan
                                        

                                                Palau
                                        

                                                Palestine
                                        

                                                Panama
                                        

                                                Papua New Guinea
                                        

                                                Paraguay
                                        

                                                Peru
                                        

                                                Philippines
                                        

                                                Pitcairn
                                        

                                                Poland
                                        

                                                Portugal
                                        

                                                Puerto Rico
                                        

                                                Qatar
                                        

                                                Reunion
                                        

                                                Romania
                                        

                                                Russia
                                        

                                                Rwanda
                                        

                                                S. Georgia and S. Sandwich Isls.
                                        

                                                Saint Kitts and Nevis
                                        

                                                Saint Lucia
                                        

                                                Saint Vincent and the Grenadines
                                        

                                                Samoa
                                        

                                                San Marino
                                        

                                                Sao Tome and Principe
                                        

                                                Saudi Arabia
                                        

                                                Senegal
                                        

                                                Serbia
                                        

                                                Seychelles
                                        

                                                Sierra Leone
                                        

                                                Singapore
                                        

                                                Slovak Republic
                                        

                                                Slovenia
                                        

                                                Solomon Islands
                                        

                                                Somalia
                                        

                                                South Africa
                                        

                                                South Korea
                                        

                                                South Sudan
                                        

                                                Spain
                                        

                                                Sri Lanka
                                        

                                                St. Helena
                                        

                                                St. Pierre and Miquelon
                                        

                                                Sudan
                                        

                                                Suriname
                                        

                                                Svalbard and Jan Mayen Islands
                                        

                                                Swaziland
                                        

                                                Sweden
                                        

                                                Switzerland
                                        

                                                Syria
                                        

                                                Taiwan
                                        

                                                Tajikistan
                                        

                                                Tanzania
                                        

                                                Thailand
                                        

                                                Togo
                                        

                                                Tokelau
                                        

                                                Tonga
                                        

                                                Trinidad and Tobago
                                        

                                                Tunisia
                                        

                                                Turkey
                                        

                                                Turkmenistan
                                        

                                                Turks and Caicos Islands
                                        

                                                Tuvalu
                                        

                                                US Minor Outlying Islands
                                        

                                                USSR (former)
                                        

                                                Uganda
                                        

                                                Ukraine
                                        

                                                United Arab Emirates
                                        

                                                United Kingdom
                                        

                                                United States
                                        

                                                Uruguay
                                        

                                                Uzbekistan
                                        

                                                Vanuatu
                                        

                                                Vatican City State (Holy See)
                                        

                                                Venezuela
                                        

                                                Vietnam
                                        

                                                Virgin Islands (British)
                                        

                                                Virgin Islands (U.S.)
                                        

                                                Wallis and Futuna Islands
                                        

                                                Western Sahara
                                        

                                                Yemen
                                        

                                                Yugoslavia
                                        

                                                Zaire
                                        

                                                Zambia
                                        

                                                Zimbabwe
                                        




Comments:





*Required Fields


 

 Submit








Already Registered?








Login attempt was not successful. Please try again








Username/ Email:



Password:





Enter Characters:















 

 Login





 Forget your password?
























By Job Title


Asset Managers |
                                    Corporate Banks |
                                    Investment Managers |
                                    Wealth Managers |
                                    Consultants & Advisors |
                                    Legal Practitioners |
                                    Academics |
                                    Hedge Funds |
                                    Private Equity Analysts |
                                    Traders |
                                    Equity Research Analysts


By Scope


Equity |
                                    Fixed Income |
                                    Funds |
                                    Excel  |
                                    Analytical Tools  |
                                    Markets  |
                                    Prices  |
                                    Money Market |
                                    News |
                                    Industry |
                                    IPOs |
                                    Mergers & Acquisitions |
                                    Commodities |
                                    Economics



Covered Countries and Exchanges

















Add Your Company | 
                                        Add Yourself | 
                                        Terms and Conditions | 
                                        Privacy Policy | 
                                        About DirectFN









Copyright ©  DirectFN. All Rights Reserved.











Data Not Available









Login











Login attempt was not successful. Please try again


Username/ Email:


Password:



Enter Characters:











 Forget your password?











Back to Top

Support & Feedback


Ask for free trial









Request a Trial
















Title:*


Mr
Mrs
Ms
Miss
Dr
Prof




First Name:*



Last Name:*



Email:*




Phone:*



Promo. Code:



Country:*


Select
Afganistan
Albania
Algeria
American Samoa
Andorra
Angola
Anguilla
Antarctica
Antigua and Barbuda
Argentina
Armenia
Aruba
Australia
Austria
Azerbaijan
Bahamas
Bahrain
Bangladesh
Barbados
Belarus
Belgium
Belize
Benin
Bermuda
Bhutan
Bolivia
Bosnia and Herzegovina
Botswana
Bouvet Island
Brazil
British Indian Ocean Territory
Brunei
Bulgaria
Burkina Faso
Burundi
Cambodia
Cameroon
Canada
Cape Verde
Cayman Islands
Central African Republic
Chad
Chile
China
Christmas Island
Cocos (Keeling) Islands
Colombia
Comoros
Congo
Cook Islands
Costa Rica
Cote D'Ivoire (Ivory Coast)
Croatia (Hrvatska)
Cuba
Curacao
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Czechoslovakia (former)
Denmark
Djibouti
Dominica
Dominican Republic
East Timor
Ecuador
Egypt
El Salvador
Equatorial Guinea
Eritrea
Estonia
Ethiopia
Falkland Islands (Malvinas)
Faroe Islands
Fiji
Finland
France
France, Metropolitan
French Guiana
French Polynesia
French Southern Territories
Gabon
Gambia
Georgia
Germany
Ghana
Gibraltar
Greece
Greenland
Grenada
Guadeloupe
Guam
Guatemala
Guernsey
Guinea
Guinea-Bissau
Guyana
Haiti
Heard and McDonald Islands
Honduras
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Iran
Iraq
Ireland
Isle of Man
Israel
Italy
Jamaica
Japan
Jersey
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kenya
Kiribati
Kuwait
Kyrgyzstan
Laos
Latvia
Lebanon
Lesotho
Liberia
Libya
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Macau
Macedonia
Madagascar
Malawi
Malaysia
Maldives
Mali
Malta
Marshall Islands
Martinique
Mauritania
Mauritius
Mayotte
Mexico
Micronesia
Moldova
Monaco
Mongolia
Montenegro
Montserrat
Morocco
Mozambique
Myanmar
Namibia
Nauru
Nepal
Netherlands
Netherlands Antilles
Neutral Zone
New Caledonia
New Zealand (Aotearoa)
Nicaragua
Niger
Nigeria
Niue
Norfolk Island
North Korea
Northern Mariana Islands
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Palau
Palestine
Panama
Papua New Guinea
Paraguay
Peru
Philippines
Pitcairn
Poland
Portugal
Puerto Rico
Qatar
Reunion
Romania
Russia
Rwanda
S. Georgia and S. Sandwich Isls.
Saint Kitts and Nevis
Saint Lucia
Saint Vincent and the Grenadines
Samoa
San Marino
Sao Tome and Principe
Saudi Arabia
Senegal
Serbia
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
Singapore
Slovak Republic
Slovenia
Solomon Islands
Somalia
South Africa
South Korea
South Sudan
Spain
Sri Lanka
St. Helena
St. Pierre and Miquelon
Sudan
Suriname
Svalbard and Jan Mayen Islands
Swaziland
Sweden
Switzerland
Syria
Taiwan
Tajikistan
Tanzania
Thailand
Togo
Tokelau
Tonga
Trinidad and Tobago
Tunisia
Turkey
Turkmenistan
Turks and Caicos Islands
Tuvalu
US Minor Outlying Islands
USSR (former)
Uganda
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United Kingdom
United States
Uruguay
Uzbekistan
Vanuatu
Vatican City State (Holy See)
Venezuela
Vietnam
Virgin Islands (British)
Virgin Islands (U.S.)
Wallis and Futuna Islands
Western Sahara
Yemen
Yugoslavia
Zaire
Zambia
Zimbabwe




Company:*



Job Title:


Select
 Academics
 Asset Managers
 Consultants & Advisors
 Corporate Banks
 Equity Research Analysts
 Hedge Funds
 Investment Managers
 Legal Practioners
 Private Equity Analysts
 Traders
 Wealth Managers




Comments:




*Required Fields


 

 Submit



















Contact Us












Hello ,Please use the below form for
                            Product support & feedback


Name :  *  


Email:  * 


Phone Number :  * 






Preferred contact method :
Email
Phone











Technical Support 24x7: +94 112 314900 / slhops@directfn.net
Your Account Manager is, , , 






















 Get a Decypha Membership to view this content..................







Get a Decypha Membership


 Get the membership of Decypha Premium Package to access more exciting features including advanced analytical tools and the Pro 10 package. Pro 10 is designed keeping active investors in mind and offers a flexible framework to view information and do analysis the way you desire.

All you need to access these valuable features is to click on the Get a membership button and submit your details to our sales team.















Upgrade your Membership


 Account is not entitled to view this information.

 Please contact your account manager to upgrade your Membership.

Email :  support@decypha.com






 Register to view this content..................







 Decypha Free Registration


Register free with Decypha and get access to real-time price information and many other features including Technical Scanner, Fundamental Screener etc.

Just click the Registration button, submit your details and get registered for free.








 











Ari Shalam - Audiovox Corp Insider Transactions | TipRanks   





Go ProLogin / Sign Up Follow✓Get Real Time TransactionsInsider DetailsAri ShalamAudiovox Corp (VOXX)Director Not RankedAri Shalam's PerformanceAri Shalam has not reported any informative transactions and therefore cannot be ranked.How are Insiders Ranked? Insider Holdings 100.0% Audiovox Corp (VOXX)$40KSee the Top Stocks by Insiders > Insider RolesAudiovox Corp (VOXX): DirectorSee the Top 25 Corporate Insiders > Most Profitable Insider TradeStock: Audiovox Corp (VOXX)Transaction Type: Informative BuyDates: Jun 17, 2015 - Jun 17, 2016Gain: +0.0%See the Latest Stocks Traded by Insiders > Ari Shalam's Trading Historybased on Form 4 Follow✓Get Real Time TransactionsCompany NameInsider PositionHolding ValueLast TransactionLast Transaction  AmountLast Transaction DateVOXXAudiovox CorpDirector$39,851Uninformative Buy$39,772.06Oct 05, 2016Ari Shalam has not reported any informative transactions for VOXX, therefore, performance cannot be measured. Track Record Showing:All TransactionsInformative TransactionsDateTransactionAmountNo. of SharesPrice per ShareProfitForm 4 Oct 05, 2016 Uninformative Buy $40K 13,333 $2.65 N/A  Jun 17, 2015 Informative Buy $41K 6,000 $8.39 N/A Show MoreSee All Insider Trading from Today >You May Also LikeMeet our Smart Portfolio. See what top analysts say about your stocks.Get a breakdown of the different strategies based on detected insider trading activity.Find the best performing Analyst in each sector. Follow them so you never miss a recommendation.Related LinksHow can I benefit from Insider Trading? >See the Top 25 Corporate Insiders >Go to Hot Stocks by Insiders >Find which stocks Insiders traded today >Become a TipRanks MemberGet the best Investing Tips & Hacks straight to your emailFree MembershipSubmitInsider Trading Daily NewsletterProfessional day-trading strategy based on predictive insider transactionsAnnual Return: +85.42%Learn More >Powered by




























Ari M. Shalam of VOXX International Corp Class A Board of Directors

















 












Welcome!















Company News
Company Site
Premium
Log In


 



















Membership
Home
Portfolio
Stocks
Bonds
Funds
ETFs
CEF
Markets
Tools
Real Life Finance
Discuss





Investing Ideas


Fund Analyst Picks
Picks by Category
Fund Pick Performance
Picks & Pans E-Newsletter
Fund Spy Column
Fund Spy Book
Bond Squad
Fund Video Reports
FundInvestor Newsletter
ETF Investing
Fund Family Experts



Fund Reports


All Fund Analyst Reports
Fund Stewardship Reports



Fund Ratings


Highest-Rated Value
Highest-Rated Growth
Highest-Rated Large-Cap
Highest-Rated Mid-Cap
Highest-Rated Small-Cap
Foreign Fund Standouts
Star Rating Performance
Rating Methodology



Fund Performance


Top 1-Month Performers
Top YTD Performers
Top 1-Year Performers
Top 3-Year Performers
Top 5-Year Performers
Fund Category Returns
Biggest Daily NAV Changes
Closed-End Funds
Exchange-Traded Funds
Quarterly Market Outlook



Fund Screeners


Basic Screeners
Fund Screener
Long-Term Winners
Solid Small-Growth Funds
Conservative Bond Funds

Premium Screeners
Premium Fund Screener
Index Funds
Hidden Gems
Lower-Risk Foreign Funds


Video Center
 
 

 



 



VOXX International Corp Class A
 VOXX


Add to PortfolioGet E-mail AlertsPrint This PagePDF ReportData QuestionQuoteChartStock AnalysisPerformanceKey RatiosFinancialsValuationInsidersOwnershipFilingsBondsOverviewExecutive CompensationInsider ActivityKey ExecutivesBoard of DirectorsCommittees
 


Board of Directors
                > Ari M. Shalam
            
Ari M. Shalam, Director



Profile
Connections






Biography



    Ari M. Shalam, 47, has over 16 years of experience in the real estate investment business in sourcing, finance, acquisition, development and management of commercial, retail and residential properties and has been a Director of Voxx since July 2011. Presently, Mr. Shalam is Managing Partner of RWN Real Estate Partners, LLC, a NYC based real estate private equity investment fund. From September 2009 to April 2011, Mr. Shalam was the President and CEO of Enterprise Asset Management, Inc. with oversight of nearly one billion dollars in portfolio assets. From December 2003 to September 2009, Mr. Shalam was a senior partner and director of Taconic Investment Partners, a fully integrated real estate investment and development company. From April 2001 to December 2003, Mr. Shalam was director of acquisitions for the Kaufman Organization. From 1992-1996 and 1998-2000, Mr. Shalam was employed by the Company as VP for Strategic Planning. Mr. Shalam is a former trustee of the Trinity School in New York City, is a member of the Advisory Board of the Institute of Urban Research at the University of Pennsylvania, and is currently a member of the board of directors of Good+ Foundation, a not-for-profit entity. Mr. Shalam received his BS-Economics from the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania and his MBA from the Harvard Business School.
    





Board Membership



Company Name
Board Member Since
Board Committees







VOXX International Corp
2011
BOARD







Ari M. Shalam is connected to 7 Board Members.See list of all Board Connections.

 


  







We value your feedback. Let us know what you think.













 


Site Directory
Site Map
Our Products












 



 



 




Corrections
Help
Advertising Opportunities
Licensing Opportunities
Glossary
RSS
Mobile Portfolio
Affiliate
Careers 
 


International Sites:
        	Australia
Canada
China
France
Germany
Hong Kong
Italy
The Netherlands
Norway
Spain
U.K.
Switzerland

 




Stocks by:
            Name
|
Ticker
|
Star Rating
|
Market Cap
|
Stock Type
|
Sector
|
Industry



Mutual Funds by:
            Star Rating
|
Investment Style
|
Total Assets
|
Category
|
Top Holdings
|
Top Sectors
|
Symbol / Ticker
|
Name



ETFs by:
            Star Rating
|
Category
|
Total Assets
|
Symbol / Ticker
|
Name



Articles by:
            Title
|
Date
|
Author
|
Collection
|
Interest
|
Popularity



Investment Categories by:
            Topic
|
Sector
|
Key Indicators
|
User Interest
|
Market Cap
|
Industry



Premium Stocks by:
            Name
|
Ticker
|
Star Rating
|
Market Cap
|
Stock Type
|
Sector
|
Industry



Premium Mutual Funds by:
            Star Rating
|
Investment Style
|
Total Assets
|
Category
|
Top Holdings
|
Top Sectors
|
Symbol / Ticker
|
Name



Premium ETFs by:
            Star Rating
|
Category
|
Total Assets
|
Symbol / Ticker
|
Name



Popular Articles by:
            Title
|
Date
|
Author
|
Collection
|
Interest
|
Popularity



Popular Investment Categories by:
            Topic
|
Sector
|
Key Indicators
|
User Interest
|
Market Cap
|
Industry




Independent. Insightful. Trusted. Morningstar provides stock market analysis; equity, mutual fund, and ETF research, ratings, and picks; portfolio tools; and option, hedge fund, IRA, 401k, and 529 plan research. Our reliable data and analysis can help both experienced enthusiasts and newcomers.
        © Copyright  Morningstar, Inc. All rights reserved. Please read our Terms of Useand Privacy Policy.Dow Jones Industrial Average, S&P 500, Nasdaq, and Morningstar Index (Market Barometer) quotes are real-time. Russell 2000 quote is 10 minutes delayed.
 


 













