










 




Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version















LMNX Nachum Shamir Insider Trades for Luminex Corp.


































X

Tweet
 

Share this bulletin

Get news bulletins by email

Bulletin

Pentagon confirms detection of North Korea missile launch Friday »
        




Investor Alert







New York Markets Close in:



Market Snapshot
Winners and Losers


















Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close































Luminex Corp.

                  NASDAQ: LMNX
          



GO



Set Alerts
Find a Broker




Join TD Ameritrade




Market Index


 

Overview
      
Profile
      
News
      
Charts
      
Financials
      
Historical Quotes
      
Analyst Estimates
      
Options
      
SEC Filings
      
Insiders
      


/marketstate/country/us

Luminex Corp.



Market open
 --Real time quotes
Jul 28, 2017, 11:53 a.m.


LMNX

/quotes/zigman/82311/composite


$
20.29




Change

+0.01
+0.05%

Volume
Volume 26,399
Real time quotes








/quotes/zigman/82311/composite
Previous close

$
			20.28
		


$
				20.29
			
Change

+0.01
+0.05%





Day low
Day high
$20.26
$20.49










52 week low
52 week high

            $17.64
        

            $23.75
        


















Insider Activity


Individual




Nachum Shamir



Mr. Nachum Shamir is President, Chief Executive Officer & Director at Luminex Corp. He is on the Board of Directors at Advanced Inhalation Therapies (AIT) Ltd., Luminex Corp., and invendo medical GmbH.
Mr. Shamir was previously employed as President, Chief Executive Officer & Director by Given Imaging Ltd. and President & Chief Executive Officer by Kodak Versamark, Inc.
He received his undergraduate degree from The Hebrew University of Jerusalem and a graduate degree from Harvard University.



Transactions


Date
Shares
Transaction
Value





03/10/2017
27,716


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


11/03/2016
6,000


 
Acquisition at $18.22 per share.


109,320


10/14/2016
9,636


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $22.16 per share.


213,534


05/28/2015
6,000


 
Acquisition at $16.73 per share.


100,380


10/14/2014
100,000


 
Award at $0 per share.


0





        Copyright 2017 FactSet Research Systems Inc. All rights reserved. Source FactSet Fundamentals.
    











            Officers and Executives
        





Mr. Nachum  Shamir 
President, Chief Executive Officer & Director




Mr. Harriss T. Currie 
Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & SVP-Finance




Dr. Tadd S. Lazarus 
Chief Medical Officer & Senior Vice President




Mr. Randall  Myers 
Senior VP-Global Manufacturing & Quality




Dr. Charles J. Collins 
Vice President-Systems Research & Development




Mr. David  Bourne 
VP-Business Development & Strategic Planning




Dr. Scott C. Johnson 
Vice President-Product Development & Manufacturing




Dr. Amy L. Altman 
Vice President-Biodefense




Mr. Steven  Back 
VP-Manufacturing & Quality Surveillance




Mr. Andrew D. Ewing 
Vice President-Customer Experience




Mr. Eric S. Shapiro 
Vice President-Global Marketing




Mr. Todd C. Bennett 
Senior VP-Global Sales & Customer Operations




Ms. Kendel B. Martin 
Vice President-Accounting




Ms. Christine  Valle 
Senior Manager-Global Marketing Communications




Mr. Matthew  Scalo 
Senior Director-Investor Relations




Ms. Nancy M. Fairchild 
Senior Vice President-Human Resources




Mr. Richard W. Rew 
Secretary, Senior VP-Legal & General Counsel




Mr. Ronald D. Dunn 
VP-Global Regulatory & Clinical Affairs




Mr. G. Walter Loewenbaum 
Chairman




Dr. Stephen L. Eck 
Independent Director




Dr. Edward A. Ogunro 
Independent Director




Mr. Robert J. Cresci 
Independent Director




Mr. Jim D. Kever 
Independent Director




Mr. Kevin M. McNamara 
Independent Director




Mr. Thomas W. Erickson 
Independent Director









Trending Tickers


/quotes/zigman/17636479/composite VUZI+15.60%


/quotes/zigman/237947/composite JCP-5.83%


/quotes/zigman/59392505/composite NUGT-2.93%


/quotes/zigman/59386294/composite JNUG-5.94%


/quotes/zigman/65801738/composite TLT+1.11%


X




Powered by














Log In




11:54 AM EDT
July 28, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Open


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
11:51aA global investment strategist offers up a summer reading list to make you a better investor
11:51aThis fund strategist says there’s at least one way companies can survive Amazon’s onslaught
11:50aWells Fargo: FDA plan to lower nicotine could be opportunity for Altria, Philip Morris
11:49aHere’s one Trump fan who might make you some money
11:49aWhat the solar eclipse on Aug. 21 will mean for stocks
11:48aYou’ll save money on gas with the Tesla Model 3, but you may end up paying more elsewhere
11:47aSurprise: Those ‘great’ companies generally turn out to be meh ... or duds
11:47aThis quant pro and card counter says gambling can make you a better investor
11:45aWatch out: ‘Kids’ are making the most money in this stock market 
11:45aThis basic balanced index fund is beating the hedge fund averages
11:42aGold prices trade near session highs after reports of missile test in North Korea
11:42aAug. gold climbs by $8.70, or 0.7%, to $1,268.70/oz
11:40aWeekend roundup: Amazon’s spending | Surviving Amazon |  Caterpillar’s comeback
11:37aTesla’s Model 3 will be launched with panache--and a party--later Friday
11:35aWhat we can learn about dealing with setbacks at work from the Obamacare repeal failure
11:35aWhite House should tighten sanctions on North Korea, experts say
11:27aWhat is an ICO?
11:22aOne way you’re paying credit-card fees, even if you don’t have a card
11:18aStock market edges lower, on track for weekly losses 
11:18aOil sets sights on biggest weekly gain of the year
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,793.55

-3.00
-0.01%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,361.51

-20.67
-0.32%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,469.07

-6.35
-0.26%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15































































Nachum Shamir - Executive Bio, Compensation History, and Contacts - Equilar Atlas










 

















Log in | Sign up








x

 






As Featured In



















Nachum Shamir
Dir., President and Chief Executive Officer at Luminex Corporation


View Full Profile
Are you Nachum Shamir? Claim your profile


 


Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Nachum Shamir's full profile. 
With Equilar Atlas, you can:



IDENTIFY corporate executives in Nachum Shamir's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Nachum Shamir's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Nachum Shamir through your network of contacts.
												








Nachum Shamir's Executive Work History


Current


Dir., President and Chief Executive Officer, 
Luminex Corporation


Board Member, 
Cogentix Medical, Inc.


Past
To view Nachum Shamir's complete executive work history, sign up now
Age
63

 
 


Nachum Shamir's Biography



Mr. Shamir joined the Company in October 2014 as President and Chief Executive Officer and was elected to our Board. From 2006 to 2014, Mr. Shamir was the President, Chief Executive Officer and Director of Given Imaging Ltd., a developer of the PillCam capsule, manufacturer and marketer of diagnostic products for the visualization and detection of disorders of the gastrointestinal tract, which was acquired by Covidien PLC in early 2014. Mr. Shamir currently serves on the board of directors of Invendo Medical GmbH, a manufacturer and distributor of a single use and computer-assisted colonoscopy system. Mr. Shamir holds a Bachelor of Science fr ...
(Read More)

			Mr. Shamir joined the Company in October 2014 as President and Chief Executive Officer and was elected to our Board. From 2006 to 2014, Mr. Shamir was the President, Chief Executive Officer and Director of Given Imaging Ltd., a developer of the PillCam capsule, manufacturer and marketer of diagnostic products for the visualization and detection of disorders of the gastrointestinal tract, which was acquired by Covidien PLC in early 2014. Mr. Shamir currently serves on the board of directors of Invendo Medical GmbH, a manufacturer and distributor of a single use and computer-assisted colonoscopy system. Mr. Shamir holds a Bachelor of Science from the Hebrew University of Jerusalem and a Masters of Public Administration from Harvard University.      Mr. Shamir brings to the Board of Directors significant experience in managing businesses in the life sciences industry.  Mr. Shamir has extensive experience in leading the strategic and operational aspects of large and complex, international organizations, with experience in managing manufacturing, research and development, sales and marketing, intellectual property and technology management and international operations.  As the President and Chief Executive Officer of Luminex, Mr. Shamir is responsible for management's execution of operational objectives and serves as an integral connection between the Board of Directors and Luminex's management team, enabling alignment between the Board's strategic expectations and the Company's current and future strategy and operations.
		
Source: Luminex Corporation on 04/03/2017
		
	

 






Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Nachum Shamir's full profile. 



												By accessing Equilar Atlas, you can view bios, network, salary and wealth events
												of industry-leading executives like Nachum Shamir. More specifically, you'll be able to:
												

IDENTIFY corporate executives in Nachum Shamir's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Nachum Shamir's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Nachum Shamir through your network of conections.
												




View Full Profile


 








Search for over 360,000 executive profiles.





/bio



													Example: Nachum Shamir


















Nachum Shamir's Connections (27)





Sign up now to view Nachum Shamir's 27 connections »









Robert J. Cresci
Board Member, Presbia









Thomas W. Erickson
Board Member, American Renal Associates Holdings, Inc.









Harriss T. Currie
Chief Financial Officer, Senior Vice President, Finance and Treasurer, Luminex Corporation









David S. Reiter
Former Consultant, Luminex Corporation









Nancy M. Fairchild
Senior Vice President, Human Resources, Luminex Corporation









Howard I. Zauberman
Executive Chairman of the Board, Cogentix Medical, Inc.









Jim D. Kever
Former Chief Executive Officer, ENVOY, Quintiles IMS Holdings, Inc.









Jeremy K. Bridge-Cook
Former Employee, Luminex Corporation









Lewis C. Pell
Board Member, Cogentix Medical, Inc.









Kevin M. McNamara
Board Member, Luminex Corporation








Popular Profiles






														Sign up now to view more executive profiles »
														









Thomas J. Lynch
Executive Chairman, TE Connectivity Ltd.









John J. Kita
EVP and CFO, A. O. Smith









Carl G. Annessa
EVP and COO, Hornbeck Offshore Services, Inc.









Elon R. Musk
CEO and Chairman, Tesla









Michael C. Montgomery
Board Member, NMI Holdings, Inc.












×

Claim Your Profile Coming Soon
Interested in updating your biography and work history?
We're working on making it happen.
We'll email you when this feature is available.
Please enter valid email address.

Done


Thank you for your interest.
Ok






			Browse executive profiles:
			
				 A
			
				 B
			
				 C
			
				 D
			
				 E
			
				 F
			
				 G
			
				 H
			
				 I
			
				 J
			
				 K
			
				 L
			
				 M
			
				 N
			
				 O
			
				 P
			
				 Q
			
				 R
			
				 S
			
				 T
			
				 U
			
				 V
			
				 W
			
				 X
			
				 Y
			
				 Z



Equilar Homepage
Equilar Atlas
Equilar Insight
Equilar BoardEdge
Equilar Engage
Research Services
Knowledge Network
About Us
Login

ï¿½ 2017 Equilar All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
1100 Marshall Street, Redwood City, CA 94063 | Phone (650) 241-6600 | Fax (650) 701-0993
















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft















About Luminex | Luminex Corporation





































































































 Customer Center
Login | Register
 

















Menu 









ABOUT LUMINEX











Luminex Values



Customer Satisfaction
 Our Highest Priority 




Innovation
 Lead the Way 




Execution
 Meet or Exceed Expectations




Respect
 Everyone 




Trust
 Your Team and Take the Risk







At Luminex, our mission is to empower labs to obtain reliable, timely, and actionable answers, ultimately advancing health. We offer a wide range of solutions applicable in diverse markets including clinical diagnostics, pharmaceutical drug discovery, biomedical research, genomic and proteomic research, and food safety. We accelerate reliable answers while simplifying complexity and deliver certainty with a seamless experience.







LEADERSHIP
We are proud to have a strong, focused, and industry-leading management team. Read more about the team that drives Luminex’s core mission forward.  Read More




WORKING AT LUMINEX
We enjoy an entrepreneurial fast-paced environment of highly motivated and creative individuals with a passion for innovation.   Read More







NEWS
Learn what is happening and stay up to date by reading recent and past press releases, news, and current events.   Read More




INVESTOR RELATIONS
In one comprehensive section, access investor information and find contact information.   Read More




GLOBAL DISTRIBUTORS
As a result of the dynamic business model that we have created, our products are available for purchase through a well-established distribution network.  Read More







OUR PARTNERS
Our exclusive network of market-leading partners use our technology to create powerful, customizable kits on the xMAP platform.  Read More




CORPORATE RESPONSIBILITY
We are committed to honest, open, and fair business conduct, and a culture dedicated to these principles.   Read More




SUPPORT
We offer comprehensive and innovative technical support, training, and hands-on field training to optimize your experience with Luminex systems.  Read More










Clinical

Infectious Disease
Genetics
Diagnostic Reagents
Clinical Research


 



Research & Applied Markets

Reagents & Accessories
Technology
Methods
Applied Markets


 



Resources
Support
About Luminex
Contact Us
Careers
Blog
 


Region日本語EMEA/India中文US/Global 



 Terms of Use       Privacy Policy       Cookie Policy

 



 ©2006-2017 Luminex Corporation. All rights reserved.


 











WordPress Download Manager


WordPress Download Manager - Best Download Management Plugin


Close





















































 



 invendo medical Appoints Nachum (Homi) Shamir To The Company’s Board Of Directors 


        










    










 






 











 









invendo medical Appoints Nachum (Homi) Shamir To The Company's Board Of Directors

		  Key addition to board to strengthen invendo's U.S. footprint
		

Jul 30, 2014, 08:22 ET
		  		  					
						 from   invendo medical 


		 English
	 


  Deutschland  - Deutsch













 
















































 

 















































 

 

 
 
 
 







invendo medical LOGO. (PRNewsFoto/invendo medical)    
 Facebook
 Twitter
 Pinterest

































 




 




invendo medical LOGO. (PRNewsFoto/invendo medical)
 


 

 




 





 


NEW YORK and KISSING, Germany, July 30, 2014 /PRNewswire/ -- invendo medical GmbH, manufacturer and distributor of a single use and computer-assisted ("robotic") colonoscopy system, today announced the appointment of Nachum (Homi) Shamir, a worldwide recognized medical device executive, as a new member of its supervisory board. 
Mr. Shamir is a highly respected global visionary in the medical device industry. In his most recent assignment he served as President and Chief Executive Officer at Given Imaging Ltd. (NASDAQ/TASE: GIVN), the pioneer in capsule endoscopy technology which  revolutionized the way gastroenterologists diagnose and monitor diseases of the GI tract through the development and marketing of a game-changing diagnostic tool in the form of small capsule cameras (PillCam). Given Imaging was acquired by Covidien plc (NYSE:   COV) in February 2014 in a transaction valued at approximately $1 billion. Under Mr. Shamir's tenure Given Imaging has grown revenues from $ 85 million annually to close to $200 million and achieved significant profitability based on diversified GI product portfolios and a globalized commercial footprint.
Mr. Shamir replaces Mr. Sidney Braginsky, former President of Olympus America Inc., who retired from the board. Furthermore Stefan Fischer, General Partner and CFO of TVM Capital replaced Dr. Axel Polack. 
Timo Hercegfi, CEO of invendo medical, commented, "Following our first system installations in the U.S. invendo is at an exciting time of its company life. We are planning to have a significant impact on colon cancer screening in the US with our computer assisted invendoscope as well as additional single-use endoscopes to be added to the invendo product portfolio. In light of recent public discussions about the outbreak of an antibiotic-resistant superbug in Illinois, which was traced to contaminated GI endoscopes - although reprocessing standard operating procedures had been adhered to -  we are certainly at the right place at the right time with our single-use colonoscopy solution. Homi Shamir is a highly professional individual with an outstanding track record of generating commercial success. I am convinced that he will give us a major boost in creating value for our customers, patients opting for invendoscopy, payers and last but not least our shareholders."
Given Imaging was the second successful exit for Mr. Shamir who previously sold Scitex Digital Printing Ltd. in 2004 to Eastman Kodak for $ 262 million. Prior to joining Given Imaging Ltd. Mr. Shamir served as Corporate Vice President of the Eastman Kodak Company and as the President of Eastman Kodak's Transaction and Industrial Solutions Group. From June 2003 to January 2004, Mr. Shamir served as the President and Chief Executive Officer of Scitex Corporation, a NASDAQ listed company, following service in various roles in Scitex and its affiliates from 1993. Before joining Scitex Mr. Shamir held senior management positions at various international high tech companies mainly in the Asia Pacific region. Mr. Shamir holds a B.Sc from the Hebrew University of Jerusalem and an M.P.A. from Harvard University.  
About the invendoscopy™ system
The invendoscope™ SC20 has several features that are new to the field of colonoscopy:

it is a single-use colonoscope with a working channel 
it is not pushed or pulled, but uses a computer-assisted ("robotic") gentle drive technology 
all endoscopic functions are performed using a handheld device and 
it reduces forces on the colon wall 
invendo medical is also developing further single-use GI endoscopes based on its unique technology platform.
About invendo medical - www.invendo-medical.com 
Based in New York, U.S.A. and Kissing (near Munich), Germany, invendo medical is a leading developer of disposable endoscopy products in the field of gastroenterology that are hygienically safe and employ "robotic" computer-assisted, gentle advancement technology.
Logo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20140730/130956 
 SOURCE  invendo medical  

RELATED LINKS
http://www.invendo-medical.com



  

 View Table Fullscreen 




  View Table Fullscreen 





Journalists and Bloggers
The news you need, when you need it.
 
Join PR Newswire for Journalists to access all of the free services designated to make your job easier.
In need of subject matter experts for your story? Submit a free ProfNet request and find the sources you need.
LEARN MORE




 

 
 



















































  


















Mar 21, 2014, 08:05 ET
Preview: invendo medical cierra un fondo de capital de valores de 20 millones de euros liderado por Xeraya Capital








My News


  Release contains wide tables.	  View fullscreen.





Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire?
Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform.
Sign up to get started
Request more information
Have an account? Log In

 















Search











Searching for your content...









Advanced Search












































 


 





Mangement & Leadership Team | Luminex Corp







































































































 Customer Center
Login | Register
 

















Menu 









LEADERSHIP








Our leadership team brings decades of diverse experience and a history of success in the medical device, life science and in vitro diagnostics markets






EXECUTIVE OFFICERS


MANAGEMENT TEAM


BOARD OF DIRECTORS






EXECUTIVE OFFICERS







Nachum “Homi” Shamir
President and Chief Executive Officer
Mr. Shamir joined the Company in October 2014 as President and Chief Executive Officer and was elected to our Board. From 2006 to 2014, Mr. Shamir was the President, Chief Executive Officer and Director of Given Imaging Ltd., a developer of the PillCam capsule, and manufacturer and marketer of diagnostic products for the visualization and detection of disorders of the gastrointestinal tract, which was acquired by Covidien PLC in early 2014. Mr. Shamir currently serves on the board of directors of Invendo Medical GmbH, a manufacturer and distributor of a single use and computer-assisted colonoscopy system. Mr. Shamir holds a Bachelor of Science from the Hebrew University of Jerusalem and a Masters of Public Administration from Harvard University.







Harriss T. Currie
Chief Financial Officer, Senior Vice President, Finance and Treasurer
Mr. Currie was elected as the VP, Finance, Treasurer and Chief Financial Officer in October of 2003. Since joining the company in November of 1998, Mr. Currie served in the capacities of Controller, Treasurer and Acting Chief Financial Officer. Prior to joining Luminex, he was employed as the Chief Financial Officer, Secretary and Treasurer of SpectraCell Laboratories from 1993 to 1998 where he also served as Vice President of Finance for two subsidiary companies. Mr. Currie earned his B.B.A. from Southwestern University in 1986 and his M.B.A. in Finance and Marketing from The University of Texas at Austin in 1992. Prior to returning to school for his M.B.A., Mr. Currie was a certified public accountant with Deloitte & Touche LLP.







Todd C. Bennett
Senior Vice President, Global Sales and Customer Operations
Mr. Bennett joined Luminex in October of 2012 as General Manager, Americas. He was promoted to Vice President, Global Sales and Customer Operations in July, 2015 and to Senior Vice President, Global Sales and Customer Operations in November of 2016. From January 2007 through March 2012, he was the Vice President of Sales and then promoted to the Vice President of Commercial Operations at Immucor, Inc. where he was responsible for Commercial Operations (Sales, Global Marketing, Customer Service functions). Prior to Immucor, he held various commercial leadership roles at Roche Diagnostics and Abbott Laboratories dating to 1994. Mr. Bennett holds a B.S. in Business Administration with an emphasis in finance from the Max M. Fisher College of Business at The Ohio State University in Columbus, Ohio.







Nancy M. Fairchild, SPHR
Senior Vice President, Human Resources
Mrs. Fairchild joined Luminex in March of 2010 as the Senior Director of Human Resources and was promoted to Vice President, Human Resources in August 2012. She previously served as Chief Administrative Officer and Vice President of Human Resources and Organizational Development for the Electric Reliability Council of Texas (ERCOT). Prior to ERCOT, Mrs. Fairchild served as Vice President Human Resources for Esoterix, Inc., an international healthcare company specializing in laboratory services. Mrs. Fairchild is currently a member of the Board of Directors for Workforce Solutions, representing the biotech sector. She graduated with honors from Texas State University with a B.S. degree in Math Education and a Master’s degree in Counseling.







Randall “Randy” Myers
Senior Vice President, Global Manufacturing and Quality
Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Myers accepted an early retirement from Applied Materials in 2012 and has been consulting in supply chain and manufacturing operations since that time. Prior to his retirement, Mr. Myers held various positions at Applied Materials in manufacturing and operations from 1995-2012. In his final position with Applied Materials, Mr. Myers was Vice President with the Silicon Systems Group (SSG) Global Planning & Business Operations. Prior to joining Applied Materials, Mr. Myers worked at General Electric Aircraft Engines in Cincinnati, Ohio in various areas of procurement, supply chain and engineering from 1986-1995. Mr Myers attended Kettering University where he obtained a B.S. in Electrical Engineering.







Richard Rew
Senior Vice President, Legal, General Counsel, and Corporate Secretary
Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Rew served as Senior Vice President, Legal, General Counsel, and Secretary at ArthroCare Corporation from December 2008 until they were acquired by Smith & Nephew in 2014. Mr. Rew joined ArthroCare in 2006 as its Vice President, Legal Affairs. Mr. Rew previously served as General Counsel of Activant Solutions Inc. from 2000-2006 and as General Counsel of EZCORP, Inc. from 1996-2000. Mr. Rew earned a B.A. from the Plan II honors program at the University of Texas at Austin and a J.D from the University of Oklahoma College of Law. Mr. Rew is a Member of the State Bar of Texas.







Charles J. Collins, Ph.D.
Vice President, Systems Research and Development
Dr. Collins joined Luminex Corporation in 2006 and was named Vice President of Systems Research and Development in May 2012. During his tenure Dr. Collins has held increasing leadership positions most recently as Senior Director of the Advanced Technology Group. As a recognized expert with over 35 publications in the field of engineering, Dr. Collins led the successful development of the MAGPIX instrument. Prior to joining Luminex, Dr. Collins conducted research at the University of Texas at Austin and the U.S. Army Research Laboratory. Dr. Collins earned his Ph.D. in solid state electronics from the University of Texas at Austin.







Scott C. Johnson, Ph.D.
Vice President, Assay Research & Development
Dr. Johnson was named Vice President of Product Development & Manufacturing of our Madison, WI site following the acquisition of EraGen Biosciences in June of 2011. During his nearly 10 years with EraGen, he held leadership roles of increasing responsibility, most recently as Vice President of Product Development. Dr. Johnson’s responsibilities include leadership of the MultiCode®-RTx Technology and family of products. Prior to EraGen Biosciences, Dr. Johnson served in a senior technical role with CHIMERx and the USDA-National Animal Disease Center. Dr. Johnson earned a Ph.D. in Cellular and Molecular Biology at the University of Wisconsin-Madison in 1997.







Eric S. Shapiro
Vice President, Global Marketing
Mr. Shapiro joined Luminex Corporation in October 2015 and currently serves as Vice President, Global Marketing. In this capacity, Mr. Shapiro has responsibility for all Global Marketing efforts, including Strategic, Product, Scientific, Brand, Web, and Digital. He is also responsible for Trade Shows, Events, and Marketing Communications. Prior to joining Luminex Corporation on a full-time basis, Mr. Shapiro worked with Luminex on a consulting basis as a General Manager for the Market Launch of ARIES® and NxTAG® RPP. Mr. Shapiro has previously served as a Vice President of Marketing for Given Imaging, and held numerous leadership positions at Kinetic Concepts, Inc., including Vice President of Marketing, Vice President of Patient Administration, Director of Corporate Development, and Director of Mergers and Acquisitions. Mr. Shapiro began his career working in both office and hospital-based Sales positions with Merrell Dow and Marion Merrell Dow. Mr. Shapiro holds a B.S. degree from Syracuse University, with an emphasis in Marketing and Telecommunications Management, and an M.B.A. from the J.L. Kellogg Graduate School of Management, with an emphasis in Marketing, Healthcare, Organizational Behavior, and Economics.
 
Back to top







MANAGEMENT TEAM







Steven Back
Vice President, Global Quality Assurance
Mr. Back joined Luminex Corporation as Vice President of Manufacturing in June of 2008. Prior to joining Luminex, Mr. Back was employed for 18 years at Abbott Laboratories Diagnostic Division in Dallas. While at Abbott, he held various management and technical positions in Manufacturing Operations, Technical Product Development and Quality. Prior to joining Abbott Laboratories, he was a Test Development Engineer for General Dynamics in Ft. Worth Texas. Mr. Back graduated from Wright State University in 1984 with a B.S. degree in Systems Engineering and holds an M.S.E.E degree from the University of Texas at Arlington as well as a M.B.A. from the University of Dallas.







David Bourne
Vice President, Business Development and Strategic Planning
Mr. Bourne was appointed Vice President, Business Development and Strategic Planning in January, 2015. Previously, he held roles of increasing responsibility within the Business Development function, most recently as Senior Director. Mr. Bourne joined Tm Bioscience in July 2006, which became Luminex Molecular Diagnostics following the acquisition of Tm Bioscience by Luminex in March 2007. Prior to joining Tm, he worked at Merck KGaA and Bayer in a variety of business development, sales management and general management roles. Mr. Bourne earned a B.Sc. in Chemistry from McMaster University.







Thomas J. Copa
Vice President, Partner Development
Mr. Copa was appointed Vice President, Technology and Strategic Partnerships in October, 2012. Since joining Luminex in October, 2001, Mr. Copa has served as Director of Strategic Partner Development, Senior Director, Research Sales and Marketing, Business Unit Manager, Luminex Ag Science, and most recently as the Vice President, Luminex Life Sciences. Prior to joining Luminex, Mr. Copa was employed by Cardinal Health. While at Cardinal Health he held various positions in sales and sales management. Mr. Copa earned a B.A. from the College of Arts and Sciences, Marquette University.







Ronald D. Dunn
Vice President, Global Regulatory and Clinical Affairs
Mr. Dunn’s industry background includes over 25 years’ experience and demonstrated performance excellence in the in-vitro diagnostics, biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries. He joined Luminex in June 2011 as Senior Director, Quality and Regulatory Affairs following the acquisition of EraGen Biosciences where he held the role VP Quality, Regulatory and Clinical Affairs. Previous to EraGen, Mr. Dunn held the role of Director, Global Quality and Regulatory at Regulatory Compliance Associates where he delivered value to corporations by creating world-class quality systems using a risk-based approach to compliance and achieved successful regulatory submissions through working collaboratively with national and international regulatory agencies. Prior to Regulatory Compliance Associates, he held increasing roles of responsibility at Life Technologies, Third Wave Technologies and Genzyme Corporation. Mr. Dunn holds a B.A. degree in Microbiology and Chemistry with an emphasis in Laboratory Technology from Lakeland College and has taken various executive management and organizational behavior courses throughout his career.







Andrew D. Ewing
Vice President, Customer Experience
Mr. Ewing joined Luminex Corporation in May 2005 and currently serves as Vice President, Customer Experience. During his tenure, Mr. Ewing has held the positions of Vice President, Partner and Operations Development and Vice President, Technical Operations. Prior to joining Luminex Corporation, Mr. Ewing held management and business leadership roles as Senior Director, Customer Relations at ClearOrbit, Inc., Senior Manager of Sustaining Application Services at Dell Inc., Director of Global Support Services for 724 Solutions Inc., and Director of Operations at SCC Communications Corporation (Intrado Inc.).







Kendel B. Martin, CPA
Vice President, Accounting
Mrs. Martin joined Luminex Corporation in December 2007 and currently serves as Vice President, Accounting. In this capacity, Mrs. Martin has responsibility for Finance and Accounting, Financial Planning and Analysis and Facilities. Previously at Luminex Corporation, Mrs. Martin held the position of Executive Director, Finance and Accounting and Director of Financial Reporting. Prior to joining Luminex Corporation, Mrs. Martin held management roles as External Reporting Manager at Freescale Semiconductor, Internal Audit Manager at Cirrus Logic and Audit Senior Manager at Ernst & Young LLP. Mrs. Martin holds a B.A. in Economics from Rhodes College and is a Texas Certified Public Accountant.








BOARD OF DIRECTORS







Nachum “Homi” Shamir
President and Chief Executive OfficerExecutive CommitteeStrategy & Development Committee
Mr. Shamir joined the Company in October 2014 as President and Chief Executive Officer and was elected to our Board. From 2006 to 2014, Mr. Shamir was the President, Chief Executive Officer and Director of Given Imaging Ltd., a developer of the PillCam capsule, and manufacturer and marketer of diagnostic products for the visualization and detection of disorders of the gastrointestinal tract, which was acquired by Covidien PLC in early 2014. Mr. Shamir currently serves on the board of directors of Invendo Medical GmbH, a manufacturer and distributor of a single use and computer-assisted colonoscopy system. Mr. Shamir holds a Bachelor of Science from the Hebrew University of Jerusalem and a Masters of Public Administration from Harvard University.







G. Walter Loewenbaum
Chairman of the BoardExecutive Committee
Mr. Loewenbaum has served as a member of the board of directors since May 1995 and as Chairman of the board of directors since September 2002. Mr. Loewenbaum also has served as chairman of the board of directors of 3D Systems since September 1999, and was previously chairman of the board of directors of Envoy. He holds a B.A. from the University of North Carolina.
 
Mr. Loewenbaum originally became involved with Luminex as an original investor in Luminex prior to our initial public offering. As an investment banker and private equity investor, Mr. Loewenbaum has worked with multiple companies in a variety of different industries at different phases of organizational development, ranging from startup to publicly traded. He brings depth of knowledge in serving as chairman for public and private companies, building stockholder value and capital market considerations. Mr. Loewenbaum also brings continuity to the board of directors, given his service on the board since Luminex’s earliest years of operation.







Robert J. Cresci
Chairman of the Nominating and Corporate Governance CommitteeAudit Committee
Mr. Cresci has served as a member of the Board of Directors since December 1996. He has been a Managing Director of Pecks Management Partners Ltd., an investment management firm, since September 1990. Mr. Cresci currently serves on the boards of directors of j2 Global Communications, Inc., a provider of outsourced, value-added messaging and communications services; OFS Capital Corporation, a business development company; Hancock Park Corporate Income, Inc. an affiliate company of OFS; CIM Commercial Trust Corporation, a real estate investment trust; and Presbia PLC, a medical device company. Mr. Cresci holds an undergraduate degree in Engineering from the United States Military Academy at West Point and holds an M.B.A. in Finance from the Columbia University Graduate School of Business.
 
Mr. Cresci became involved with Luminex as an early investor in Luminex. Mr. Cresci has extensive experience serving on the boards of directors of private and public companies within the broader healthcare industry and brings a significant depth of knowledge in capital markets considerations. Mr. Cresci’s knowledge of the operations of public company boards is particularly useful in his current role as chairman of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee. Mr. Cresci also provides continuity to the Board of Directors, given his service on the Board since Luminex’s earliest years of operation.







Stephen L. Eck, M.D., Ph.D
Strategy & Development Committee
Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee
Dr. Eck has served as a member of the Board of Directors since March 2016. Dr. Eck has been the Vice President, Oncology Medical Sciences of Astellas Pharma Global Development, a global pharmaceutical company, since 2011. Prior to joining Astellas Pharma Global Development, Dr. Eck was the Vice President, Translation Medicine & Pharmacogenomics at Eli Lilly, a global pharmaceutical company, from 2007-2011. Dr. Eck holds a B.S. in Chemistry from Kalamazoo College, a Ph.D. in Chemistry from Harvard University and an M.D. from the University of Mississippi.
 
Dr. Eck brings to the Board of Directors significant directly relevant technical and operational industry experience in the diagnostics industry. Dr. Eck offers substantial experience in managing complex research and development initiatives for large, evolving portfolios of diagnostic and pharmaceutical products, and in securing and maintaining regulatory clearance for such products both domestically and internationally.







Thomas W. Erickson
Chairman of the Executive Committee
Compensation Committee
Mr. Erickson has served as a member of the board of directors since May 2004. Mr. Erickson served as our Interim President and Chief Executive Officer from September 2002 until our hiring of Mr. Balthrop in May 2004. He is currently chairman of the board of Western Dental Services, Inc., a dental practice management company, and Inmar, Inc., a reverse logistics and revenue recovery company. Previously, he served as a Senior Advisor to New Mountain Capital, LLC, a private equity firm, chairman and interim president of National Medical Health Card Systems, Inc., a pharmacy benefits manager, chairman of the board of PATHCare, Inc., an operator of long term care facilities, chairman of the board of TransHealthcare, Inc., a health care services company, chairman and interim president and chief executive officer of LifeCare Holdings, Inc., an operator of long-term acute care hospitals, and interim president and chief executive officer and director of Omega Healthcare Investors, Inc., a healthcare focused real estate investment trust. Mr. Erickson was also co-founder, president and chief executive officer of CareSelect Group, Inc., a physician practice management company. Earlier in his career, he held several management positions at American Hospital Supply Corporation. Mr. Erickson currently serves on the board of directors of American Renal Associates, a national provider of kidney dialysis services. Mr. Erickson holds a Bachelors degree from University of Iowa and an M.B.A. from Southern Methodist University.
 
Mr. Erickson brings to the board of directors extensive experience managing and growing healthcare industry companies, as well as significant general experience serving in leadership roles on boards and board committees of other public companies. Through his experience serving as Luminex’s Interim President and Chief Executive Officer from September 2002 until May 2004, Mr. Erickson offers to the board detailed insight into the Company’s business and management considerations. Through his substantial experience in the healthcare industry, in particular healthcare services and delivery, Mr. Erickson offers valuable insight on Luminex and its product offerings from the perspective of healthcare providers.







Jay B. Johnston
Compensation Committee
Strategy & Development Committee
Mr. Johnston has served as a member of the board of directors since February 2005. Mr. Johnston currently serves as chairman of QuesTek Innovations, LLC, a privately-held company that designs and markets high tech materials, a position he has held since August 2001. From 1975-1999, he held numerous positions at Abbott Laboratories, a global, broad-based health care company (“Abbott”), most recently as corporate vice president for diagnostic assays and systems. He held numerous other positions with Abbott, including president of Dainabot Co. Ltd. and vice president Asia Pacific. Mr. Johnston has experience in general management, product development, technology management, strategic marketing and business development. He holds an M.B.A. in General Management from the Amos Tuck School of Business Administration and a B.A. degree in Public Administration from Dartmouth College.
 
Mr. Johnston brings to the board of directors significant directly relevant industry experience in managing businesses in the diagnostics and life sciences industries. Mr. Johnston has extensive experience in leading the strategic and operational aspects of large complex, international organizations. Mr. Johnston’s knowledge of effective compensation processes for management helps him to guide the Company’s compensation programs and policies in his role as Chair of the Compensation Committee. Mr. Johnston also offers particular experience and perspective to the board of directors in the areas of product development and marketing strategies through his role on the Strategy and Development Committee.







Jim D. Kever
Chairman of Compensation Committee
Mr. Kever has served as a member of the Board of Directors since December 1996. He is a founding member of Voyent Partners, L.L.C. (“Voyent”), a private investment company. Mr. Kever served as co-chief executive officer of the transaction services division of WebMD Corporation, a provider of healthcare transaction, information and technology services, from June 2000 to March 2001. From March 1999 through May 2000, Mr. Kever served as chief executive officer of the transaction services division of Quintiles Transnational Corporation, a contract research company providing a wide range of clinical research services for biotech and pharmaceutical clients. From August 1995 through March 1999, Mr. Kever was the president and co-chief executive officer of Envoy Corporation (“Envoy”), a provider of electronic transaction processing services for the healthcare industry. Mr. Kever serves on the boards of directors of 3D Systems Corporation (“3D Systems”), a provider of 3-D printing, rapid prototyping and manufacturing solutions, and has served as a director of Tyson Foods, Inc. (“Tyson”), a food processing company, ACI Worldwide, Inc., a payment systems company, and Emdeon Corporation, a provider of revenue and payment cycle solutions. Mr. Kever holds a B.S. in business administration from the University of Arkansas and a J.D. from the Vanderbilt University School of Law.
 
Mr. Kever brings to the Board of Directors extensive experience managing and growing healthcare industry companies. Mr. Kever brings experience in serving on public and private boards. Mr. Kever, through his more recent investment experiences with Voyent, also brings depth of knowledge in managing and growing companies and in capital markets considerations. Mr. Kever also provides continuity to the Board of Directors, given his service on the Board since Luminex’s earliest years of operation.







Kevin M. McNamara
Chairman of the Audit Committee
Mr. McNamara has served as a member of the board of directors since May 2003. In addition, he provided financial and strategic consulting services to the Company from October 2001 through December 2002. Mr. McNamara served as executive vice president, chief financial officer and treasurer of HealthSpring, Inc., a managed care company, from April 2005 through May 2009. Mr. McNamara also served as non-executive chairman from April 2005 through January 2006 of MedAvant Healthcare Solutions (f/k/a ProxyMed, Inc.), a provider of automated healthcare business and cost containment solutions for financial, administrative and clinical transactions in the healthcare payments marketplace, and served as interim chief executive officer and as a director of ProxyMed, Inc. from December 2004 through June 2005. Mr. McNamara previously served as chief financial officer of HCCA International, Inc., a healthcare management and recruitment company from October 2002 to April 2005. Mr. McNamara currently serves on the board of directors of Tyson Foods, Inc., a food processing company. Within the past five years, Mr. McNamara has served on the board of directors of COMSYS IT Partners, Inc. (f/k/a Personnel Group of America, Inc.), an information technology staffing and solutions provider. Mr. McNamara is a Certified Public Accountant (inactive) and holds a B.S. in Accounting from Virginia Commonwealth University and a M.B.A. from the University of Richmond.
 
Mr. McNamara brings to the board of directors extensive financial expertise, experience managing and growing healthcare industry companies, as well as significant general experience serving on boards and board committees of other public companies. Mr. McNamara’s experience overseeing risk assessment, accounting and financial reporting for public and other healthcare companies provides equally valuable experience in his role as chair of our Audit Committee. Mr. McNamara also has experience overseeing public and private capital markets and mergers and acquisitions transactions.







Edward A. Ogunro, Ph.D
Chairman of the Strategy & Development CommitteeAudit CommitteeExecutive Committee
Dr. Ogunro has served as a member of our board of directors since May 2009. Dr. Ogunro served as senior vice president, R&D and medical affairs and chief scientific officer at Hospira Inc., a global specialty pharmaceutical and medication delivery company, from April 2004 until December 2007. Prior to Abbott’s spin-off of Hospira in 2004, Dr. Ogunro served in a number of leadership positions for over 20 years with Abbott, primarily in Abbott’s Diagnostics Division, and most recently served as corporate vice president, R&D, medical and regulatory affairs in Abbott’s Hospital Products Division. He held numerous other positions with Abbott, including program director for AxSym, one of the most successful analyzers in the diagnostic industry, and divisional vice president for Abbott’s Immunodiagnostics and Chemistry R&D Organization. Dr. Ogunro currently serves on the board of directors of the Myeloproliferative Neoplasms Research Foundation (a not for profit organization.) Dr. Ogunro served on the board of directors of Applied NeuroSolutions, Inc., a company focused on the development of an integrated portfolio of products for the treatment and diagnosis of Alzheimer’s disease. Previously, Dr. Ogunro pursued postdoctoral studies and served as an assistant professor at Northwestern University Medical School in Chicago from 1977 to 1982. Dr. Ogunro holds a B.S. in Physiology and Biochemistry from Reading University and a Ph.D. in Biochemistry from London University.
 
Dr. Ogunro brings to the board of directors significant directly relevant technical and operational industry experience in the diagnostics and medical device industry. Dr. Ogunro has substantial experience in managing complex research and development initiatives for large, evolving portfolios of diagnostic and medical device products, and in securing and maintaining regulatory clearance for such products both domestically and internationally. Dr. Ogunro’s technical background and direct experience with project management is of particular relevance in his role on the Strategy and Development Committee and in guiding Luminex in its research and development investments on new products and markets.
 
Back to top










Clinical

Infectious Disease
Genetics
Diagnostic Reagents
Clinical Research


 



Research & Applied Markets

Reagents & Accessories
Technology
Methods
Applied Markets


 



Resources
Support
About Luminex
Contact Us
Careers
Blog
 


Region日本語EMEA/India中文US/Global 



 Terms of Use       Privacy Policy       Cookie Policy

 



 ©2006-2017 Luminex Corporation. All rights reserved.


 











WordPress Download Manager


WordPress Download Manager - Best Download Management Plugin


Close
































Who: Dr. Nachum Shamir (President and Chief Executive office by Hunter Ruder on PreziCreateExploreLearn & supportGet startedLog inPricingGet startedLog inMy PrezisExploreLearn & supportProductCompanyCareersSupportCommunityContactAppsEnglishEspañol한국어日本語DeutschPortuguêsFrançaisMagyarItaliano×Houston, we have a problem!Oops. A firewall is blocking access to Prezi content. Check out this article to learn more or contact your system administrator.
            Stand out and be remembered with Prezi,  
            the secret weapon of great presenters.
        
                    Get started today
                
                    Get started
                
            What is Prezi?
            
                Learn more
            
                Loading presentation...
            
        You’re using the new, improved player. You can always go back to the old viewer.
    Switch back
            
                
                    Public
                
            
            
                & reusable
            
        
            Create your own
        
                    Make a copy
                
    Share

        Embed
    
                Liked
            
                Like
            Present Remotely Send the link below via email or IMCopy Present to your audienceStart remote presentationInvited audience members will follow you as you navigate and presentPeople invited to a presentation do not need a Prezi accountThis link expires 10 minutes after you close the presentationA maximum of 30 users can follow your presentationLearn more about this feature in our knowledge base article
    Do you really want to delete this prezi?

    Neither you, nor the coeditors you shared it with will be able to recover it again.
DeleteCancelMake your likes visible on Facebook?
        Connect your Facebook account to Prezi and let your likes appear on your timeline.
        You can change this under Settings & Account at any time.
    No, thanksConnect with FacebookWho: Dr. Nachum Shamir (President and Chief Executive office
                            
                                No description
                            
                        
        
            by Hunter Ruder
        
        on 6 September 2013
    TweetComments (0)
                                    Please log in to add your comment.
                                Report abuseTranscript of Who: Dr. Nachum Shamir (President and Chief Executive officeImaging Pill (Intestine)Small Bowel Capsule Enteroscopy (PillCam SB)This capsule which is a form of the PillCam allows doctors to see and investigate patients GI tract (Intestines). The PillCam SB allows doctors to see the patients whole bowel, and allows to find any abnormalities Is this is a good website? Who: Dr. Eric S. TeitelWhat: To provide patients with medical care that is cutting edge technology. When:  2011Where: Given ImagingWhy: The Capsule Enteroscopy is a form of a pillcam which allows doctors to see patients bowel. Is this a good website? Who:Dr. Nachum Shamir (President and Chief Executive Officer) What: Informing physicians about new technology in imaging pills in order to help patients. When: Updated daily. Where: The website was founded by the creators of the PillCam®Why: PillCam® is a form of the imaging pill techniquePillCamPill CamThe imaging pill is the most widely used way to check the intestines.  It helps detect the source of GI bleeding, Crohn's disease, and iron deficiency.  Physicians can see the entire small bowel without having to go through a long procedure.  Patients swallow the small capsule to detect and monitor the intestines. Intestine Imaging PillsWhat's in it?The PillCam has a video camera and a light source.  It is the size of a vitamin capsule and 1.02 inches in size.  MRE and CTE scans can't see what the PillCam can see, without exposing you to radiation. Is This a Good Website? Who: Dr. Nachum Shamir (President and Chief Executive Officer) What: Learn about the use of the PillCam related to Crohns Disease When: May 1, 2013Where: Given ImagingWhy: The PillCam provides information about imaging technique relative to Crohns Disease. Full transcriptMore presentations by
    
        
            Hunter Ruder
        Soy una... AnimadoraExodus 7-12Paranoid Schizophrenia
            More prezis by author
        Popular presentationsSee more popular or the latest prezisProductCompanyCareersSupportCommunityContactApps
                                English
                            
                                español
                            
                                한국어
                            
                                日本語
                            
                                Deutsch
                            
                                Português
                            
                                français
                            
                                Magyar
                            
                                italiano
                            
        © 2017 Prezi Inc. 
        TermsConnect your Facebook account to Prezi and publish your likes in the future. OkNo, thanks






Given Imaging, Ltd. - Nachum Shamir - The Wall Street Transcript














































 






































Healthcare >> CEO Interviews >> July 11, 2011 Given Imaging, Ltd. – Nachum Shamir
NACHUM SHAMIR has served as President and Chief Executive Officer and a Director of Given Imaging, Ltd., since April 9, 2006. Prior to joining the company, Mr. Shamir was Corporate Vice President of Eastman Kodak Company and President of Eastman Kodak"s transaction and industrial solutions group, which includes several business units, including Kodak Versamark, Inc. (the operations of which were previously those of Scitex Digital Printing), where Mr. Shamir was President and Chief Executive Officer. From June 2003 to January 2004, Mr. Shamir served as the President and Chief Executive Officer of Scitex Corporation Ltd. From January 2001 to January 2004, he was the President and Chief Executive Officer of Scitex Digital Printing, having served as its Chief Operating Officer from July 2000. Prior to this, Mr. Shamir was Managing Director and General Manager of Scitex Digital Printing (Asia Pacific) Pte Ltd., from the time this Singapore-based company was incorporated in 1994. From 1993 until 1994, he was with the Hong Kong-based Scitex Asia Pacific (H.K.) Ltd. Before joining Scitex, Mr. Shamir held senior management positions at various international companies, mainly in the Asia Pacific region. Mr. Shamir holds a B.Sc. from The Hebrew University of Jerusalem and an MPA from Harvard University. Profile




    TWST: Would give us an overview of Given Imaging?Mr. Shamir: Given Imaging (GIVN) is a leader in diagnostics for the gastrointestinal tract. We have a very broad portfolio of products to assist GI
    

Join for free to read a longer excerpt or purchase this article

Already a member? Login here 









CartLatest NewsAll American USC Footbal Player Joseph M. Boskovich Jr. Now Picks All American Value Stocks for his ClientsPaul Hogan Picks Tech Dividend Growers Microchip Technology (NASDAQ:MCHP), Xilinx (NASDAQ:XLNX) and Versum Materials (NYSE:VSM)600 Gallons of Water to Produce a McDonalds (NYSE:MCD) Quarter Pounder:  How Will Investors Profit?The Wall Street Transcript is a completely unique resource for investors and business researchers.Over 20,000 CEO, Equity Analyst and Money Manager InterviewsSubscribe now!Sign Up For Newsletter Weekly email with New In-Depth Interviews


Email: 



Most Popular InterviewsBuilding Diversified Portfolios with Quality Global EquitiesGregory D. PadillaAlberto Jimenez Crespo Published July 27, 2017 in Investing StrategiesCompanies covered: AMZN 005930 AAPL MU WHR KIMBERA GS VOD PPG SHW VIV PEY Buy ($25)Building Accountability and Avoiding Mistakes Through the Decision ProcessDean  Pagonis Published July 27, 2017 in Investing StrategiesCompanies covered: CMP SBH AMZN ULTA CVS LRLCY KMB WWW SDF Buy ($25)Finding Optimal Balance Sheets by Utilizing High Yield Market ExpertiseZach  Miller Published July 27, 2017 in Investing StrategiesCompanies covered: LSXMK SIRI BLL CHTR ARMK Buy ($25)Most Popular ReportsInvesting Strategies Published July 24, 2017Buy ($175)Wireless Communications & Telecom Published July 14, 2017Buy ($175)Investing Strategies Published July 11, 2017Buy ($175) 






Top Company Interviews






Register for a Free Account to gain greater access to
            The Wall Street Transcript right now




CEO INTERVIEWSInterview with the President and CEO: Lumos Networks Corp. (NASDAQ:LMOS)Interview with the Corporate VP of Business Development, Strategy and Investor Relations: DSP Group, Inc. (NASDAQ:DSPG)Interview with the CEO and Director: Tactile Systems Technology, Inc. (NASDAQ:TCMD) 

SECTOR ROUNDTABLESNatural Gas Weighs Heavy On E&P Near-Term ProspectsRoundtable Forum:optimism Despite Uncertainty In For-profit EducationRoundtable Forum:a Shift In Focus To Natural Gas From Oil 

MONEY MANAGER INTERVIEWSBuilding Diversified Portfolios with Quality Global EquitiesBuilding Accountability and Avoiding Mistakes Through the Decision ProcessFinding Optimal Balance Sheets by Utilizing High Yield Market Expertise 

ANALYST INTERVIEWSAnalyzing the Secular Drivers Within Communications Infrastructure and TelecomSatellite Companies Benefiting from Growth in Data TrafficIncreased Focus on Content as Consumers Shift to Digital Consumption 




Subscribe Today!







                Since 1963
                © The Wall Street Transcript 1997-2016
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy  
            





https://www.twst.com/wp-admin/admin-ajax.php

Pin It on Pinterest





































Share This





Twitter





Facebook





Google+





Gmail





LinkedIn








































×





Join now for free!
Already a member?






First Name 





Last Name 





Email address *








Create new account
 


or create an account with a social network.

Join with Facebook


Join with Twitter


Join with Google








Username or Email address: *





Password: *






LoginJoin now! | Forgot password?
 


or login using a social network


Log in with Facebook


Log in with Twitter


Log in with Google












