

Management  | Greenwell Energy Solutions





























      

  





 






Management


Greenwell

Management →
Media/Press Releases
Careers



Corporate Management

Peter Shaper
James Kiser
John Arabie
Jason Harris




Peter Shaper, Chairman

Peter Shaper serves as Chairman of Greenwell Energy Solutions and founded the company in 2012. Mr. Shaper is also a founding partner of Houston-based private equity group Genesis Park. Genesis Park focuses on buyouts, partnering strategies with public corporations, and growth financing bringing each company capital, commercial execution capabilities and a depth of experience in mergers and acquisitions.


Previously, Mr. Shaper served as the CEO of CapRock Communications where he led its acquisition from McLeod in 2002 through to its sale to Harris Corporation in 2011. CapRock is a global satellite communications provider serving the energy, government and maritime industries. During his tenure, CapRock grew from a primarily domestic player with $30 million in revenue to the leading global player in its market with over $600 million in revenue.


Mr. Shaper was also the president of Donnelley Marketing, a division of First Data Corporation. He was directly responsible for the turnaround of the $100 million revenue database marketing company which led to a successful sale to a strategic buyer. In 1996, Mr. Shaper helped found the Information Management Group (IMG) as its Executive Vice President of Operations and CFO. IMG grew to more than $600 million in revenue during his tenure. Prior to joining IMG, Mr. Shaper was with a Dallas-based private equity firm where he was responsible for investments in numerous technology oriented companies, as well as assisting those companies with developing long-term strategies and financial structures. Mr. Shaper also has several years of experience with the international consulting firm McKinsey & Company.


Mr. Shaper holds a Master of Business Administration degree from Harvard University and a Bachelor of Science in Engineering from Stanford University. Mr. Shaper currently serves on the board of directors of Greenwell Energy Solutions, Genesis Park, ipDatatel, HMS Income Fund and Hines Global REIT as well as the non-profit boards of the Greater Houston Community Foundation, Prepared for Life and Knowledge Is Power Prep Schools. 




 



James Kiser, President

As President of Greenwell Energy Solutions, Mr. Kiser is responsible for the company’s strategic direction, sales and business development. Previously, James Kiser served as Greenwell’s VP of Wholesale Oilfield Equipment and oversaw the company’s extensive line of API-certified products. He has over 20 years of experience in the oil and gas sector, most notably in energy services and oilfield equipment, and has led different companies’ operations in the U.S., Eastern Europe and Asia Pacific.

Prior to joining Greenwell, James co-founded KP Wellhead and Supply and in seventeen months grew the business to $12 million in annual revenue. Greenwell acquired KP Wellhead and Supply in August of 2014. James also held President/COO, general manager and director roles for Superior Wellhead, B&J Wholesale and Wood Group Pressure Control. At the beginning of his career, James served as Combat Engineer in the Army Reserves. In his free time, he enjoys the outdoors and has competed professionally on the FLW and BASS tours for the last 4 years.



 



  
   


John Arabie

John Arabie is Greenwell’s Production Chemical Leader and manages the company’s production business across Texas, Louisiana and Oklahoma. In this role, he oversees well optimization including product customization, treating services and stimulation for oil, gas and salt water disposal wells.


Prior to joining Greenwell, Mr. Arabie spent nineteen years with M-I SWACO, where he was most recently the Southwest Regional Operations Manager. In this position, he oversaw the growth of the Eagle Ford shale business from its beginning to over $120 million in annual revenue during a three and half year period. He has also held positions with Coastal Fluid Technologies and Unichem International. 


He has over 30 years of experience in the oilfield production chemicals business, with a particular emphasis in emulsion breakers and paraffin inhibitor solutions. He enjoys spending time with his family and friends along with golfing and fishing in his free time.




 



Jason Harris

Jason Harris is Greenwell’s Services Leader. He oversees Greenwell’s pressure control/flowback and mixing plant services.


Before joining Greenwell, Mr. Harris co-founded TD Completion Fluids. As the VP of Operations, he grew the business to over $4 million in annual revenue and oversaw its eventual sale to Greenwell. Prior to TD Completion Fluids, he served as Regional Operations Manager for NOV where he grew the Haynesville, Eagle Ford and Fayetteville shale business to $24 million in annual revenue. Mr. Harris was also Regional Manager with Spectrum Fluids and grew the facility from its beginning to over $3.5 million in annual revenue in only 18 months.


He has over 15 years of experience in the oilfield services industry, specializing in chemicals and water transfer. He enjoys coaching his children’s sports teams, fishing and cycling. 




 





 














Mechler Style Shapes - Fox Products

































Fox Products

















$0.00  View Cart  
Checkout




Fox Products Accessory Store
Bassoon Shapers
Mechler Style Shapes

Mechler Style Shapes
 

			Mechler Style Shapes:
These are referred to as Christlieb and sometimes Goltzer shapes.  The primary characteristic is that the flare of the tip is reduced by a reverse curve.  This contour is often described as goblet shaped.
		

Shop By Item







Beane 3 Bassoon Shaper


$187.50



Add To Cart








Campbell 2 Bassoon Shaper


$187.50



Add To Cart








Chisholm Bassoon Shaper


$187.50



Add To Cart








Christlieb Special Bassoon Straight Shaper


$187.50



Add To Cart


 







Christlieb Narrow Special Bassoon Straight Shaper


$187.50



Add To Cart








Christlieb Wide Special Bassoon Straight Shaper


$187.50



Add To Cart








Greaves Bassoon Shaper


$187.50



Add To Cart








Harriswangler 1 Special Bassoon Straight Shaper


$187.50



Add To Cart


 







Hindell B Special Bassoon Straight Shaper


$187.50



Add To Cart








Hindell G Special Bassoon Straight Shaper


$187.50



Add To Cart








Ishikawa Special Bassoon Straight Shaper


$187.50



Add To Cart








Jackson Bassoon Shaper


$187.50



Add To Cart


 







Kolker 1 Bassoon Shaper


$187.50



Add To Cart








Krymalski Bassoon Shaper


$187.50



Add To Cart








Lein Moeckler Bassoon Shaper


$187.50



Add To Cart








Maeckle Bassoon Shaper


$187.50



Add To Cart


 







Oosling Bassoon Shaper


$187.50



Add To Cart








Schweigert Bassoon Shaper


$187.50



Add To Cart








Tropman-Butterfield Bassoon Shaper


$187.50



Add To Cart


 
 






Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Peter T. Shaper: Executive Profile & Biography - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 11:54 AM ET
Trading Companies and Distributors

Company Overview of Greenwell Energy Solutions, LLC



SnapshotPeople 




OverviewBoard MembersCommittees



Executive Profile
Peter T. Shaper  Chief Executive Officer, Greenwell Energy Solutions, LLCAgeTotal Calculated CompensationThis person is connected to 4 Board Members in 4 different organizations across 6 different industries.See Board Relationships51--
Background

		Mr. Peter T. Shaper is a Founding Partner, Special Purpose Partner and Director of Genesis Park LP.  He serves as the Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of Greenwell Energy Solutions, LLC. Mr. Shaper serves as the Chief Executive Officer at CapRock Government Solutions, Inc. He founded Greenwell Energy Solutions in 2012. From 2001 to 2011, he served as the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer at CapRock Communications, Inc. Mr. Shaper served as President of CapRock ... Communications of Harris Corporation until May 31, 2011. During his tenure CapRock grew from a primarily domestic player with $30 million in revenue to the leading global player in its market with over $600 million in revenue. Mr. Shaper served as the President at Donnelley Marketing, where he was directly responsible for the turnaround of the $100 million revenue database marketing company which led to a successful sale to a strategic buyer. In 1996, he was the Founder of the Information Management Group (IMG) as its Executive Vice President of Operations and Chief Financial Officer. IMG grew to more than $600 million in revenue during his tenure. Prior to joining IMG, he was with a Dallas based private equity firm and was responsible for investments in numerous technology-oriented companies, as well as assisting those companies with developing long-term strategies and financial structures. Mr. Shaper also has several years' experience with the McKinsey & Company. He serves as a Director of US Fiduciary, Inc., Genesis Park LP., PolyVista, Inc., PermissionCentral.com, The Children's Fund, The Living Bank, ipDatatel,. ITC Global, Flo Trend and KIPP. Mr. Shaper has been an Independent Director at Hines Global REIT, Inc. since June 2009. He also serves on the non profit boards of Greater Houston Community Foundation, Prepared for Life and Knowledge Is Power Prep Schools. Mr. Shaper holds an M.B.A. from Harvard Business School and a B.S. in Industrial Engineering from Stanford University.Read Full Background




Corporate Headquarters
2000 Edwards StreetHouston, Texas 77007United StatesPhone: 713-993-7772Fax: 713-993-7762
Board Members Memberships
Founding Partner, Special Purpose Partner & DirectorGenesis Park LPDirectorUS Fiduciary, Inc.2009-PresentIndependent DirectorHines Global REIT, Inc.2012-PresentDirectorHMS Income Fund, Inc.
Education
MBA Harvard UniversityBS Stanford University
Other Affiliations
Harvard UniversityHarris CorporationStanford UniversityGenesis Park LPCapRock Communications, Inc.CapRock Government Solutions, Inc.US Fiduciary, Inc.Hines Global REIT, Inc.HMS Income Fund, Inc.


Annual Compensation
				There is no Annual Compensation data available.
				Stocks Options
				There is no Stock Options data available.
				Total Compensation
				There is no Total Compensation data available.
			



Request Profile Update
















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



COMPETITOR COMPENSATIONThere is no Competitor Compensation data available.










Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Greenwell Energy Solutions, LLC, please visit .  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close





























Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











Peter Shaper, Greenwell Energy Solutions LLC: Profile & Biography - Bloomberg


































































  

























Feedback





Peter Shaper

Chairman/CEO,
Greenwell Energy Solutions LLC






Career History




Chairman/CEO
Greenwell Energy Solutions, 2012-PRESENT


Founding Partner
Genesis Park LP, 2000-PRESENT


Chief Executive Officer
Caprock Communications Corp, 2002-6/2011


President:Business
Harris Corp, UNKNOWN-5/2011


Show More









Website:
www.greenwellsolutions.com






Corporate Information
Address:

Houston Service Center
2000 B Edwards
Houston, TX 77007
United States


Phone:
1-713-993-7772


Fax:
1-713-993-7762


Web url:
www.greenwellsolutions.com











From The Web












Personal Information



Education



Stanford University
Bachelor's Degree, Engineering


Harvard Business School
MBA








Memberships



Board Memberships




Flo Trend Systems Inc


Board Member, PRESENT




Ipdatatel LLC


Board Member, PRESENT




Itc Global Inc


Board Member, PRESENT




Greenwell Energy Solutions


Chairman, 2012-PRESENT




Hms Income Fund Inc


Board Member, 2012-PRESENT




Hines Global Reit Inc


Board Member, 6/2009-PRESENT




Hines Real Estate Investment Trust Inc


Board Member, 6/2009-UNKNOWN



Show More








Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data










































  Miracle Shaper – KillerKurves
  



































































































Menu




      Reviews



      Help



      Track My Order



      Shipping and Returns



      Privacy Policy



      Return to Home





Customize




      Waist Trainers



















 Advice & Tips



 Home



 Shop



 Reviews



 Whats My size?



 Track My Order



 Help





0

















Miracle Shaper













































Miracle Shaper
$59.99$98.00













S/M - $59.99
L - $59.99
XL - $59.99
2XL - $59.99
3XL - $59.99




Choose Your Size




          
          
          
          
              S/M
          

          
          
          
          
          
          
          






          
          
          
          
              L
          

          
          
          
          
          
          
          






          
          
          
          
              XL
          

          
          
          
          
          
          
          






          
          
          
          
              2XL
          

          
          
          
          
          
          
          






          
          
          
          
              3XL
          

          
          
          
          
          
          
          




Need Sizing Help? click here



Choose Your Quantity





1











Story
Features



 Flatten your tummy, add to your bust line, accentuate your waist and lift your derriere, all while providing upper and lower back support for better posture. Our Miracle Shaper is designed to shape you while holding you in, but most importantly, not roll up or roll down nor shift on you. Made from top of the line, high quality and multi-layered breathable material is designed with an advanced pattern technique, which gives the garment an absorbent cooling feature all day long. Our Unique open crotch design was intended for all day/24 hour wear
 















Review Comments













































	Business Shapers: Peter Usborne | Jazz Shapers



















Your browser (Internet Explorer) is out of date. It has known security flaws and may not display all features of this and other websites. Learn how to update your browser.

Javascript is currently disabled. This site requires Javascript to function correctly. Please  enable Javascript in your browser!


































































































Related sites 





Mishcon New York
View Site 








Business Shapers
View Site 








Jazz Shapers
View Site 








Lawfully Chic
View Site 








Mayfair Private
View Site 








MDR Lab
View Site 








Mishcon Academy
View Site 








Mishcon Graduates
View Site 








Mishcon International: Africa
View Site 








Mishcon International: Asia
View Site 








Mishcon International: Middle East
View Site 








Mishcon Real Estate
View Site 








The Leap Hub
View Site 




















It's business. But it's personal.







Departments




Corporate

Acquisition Finance
Automotive
Betting & Gaming
Business Immigration
Commercial Contracts
Competition Law
Corporate Finance & Mergers & Acquisitions Taxation
Corporate Lending
Corporate Real Estate
Families in Business
Finance & Banking
Flotations
Funds & Financial Services
Hospitality & Leisure
Limited Liability Partnerships
Luxury, Fashion & Retail
Mergers & Acquisitions
Mishcon Invest
Mishcon Start
Private Equity
Recruitment Services
Reputation Protection
Shareholder Activism
Tax
Technology



Dispute Resolution

Art Law
Business Crime
Charities, not for profit & philanthropy
Commercial Contracts
Commercial Litigation
Competition Law
Construction
Contentious Regulatory & Enforcement
Cyber Security
Data Theft
Families in Business
Finance & Banking Disputes
Food & Beverage
Fraud
Fraud Defence
Insolvency & Financial Defence
Insurance
Intellectual Property
Internal Investigations
International Arbitration
Int. Franchising & Brand Extension
Life Sciences
Luxury, Fashion & Retail
Media & Entertainment
Mediation
Mishcon Assure
Mishcon Discover
Mishcon Protect
Mishcon Recover
Mishcon Tulip
Mishcon VIP Russia
Patents
Private Prosecutions
Professional Discipline
Professional Negligence
Public Advocacy
Regulatory & Compliance
Reputation Protection
Sports Law
Supervising Solicitors
Tax Litigation & Dispute Resolution
Trade Marks
Trust & Succession Disputes



Employment

Bonus Disputes
Contractual Negotiations & Termination of Employment
Director & Shareholder Disputes
Discrimination, Bullying & Harassment
HR Advisory & Contractual Documentation
Incentives
LLPs & Partnerships
Mishcon Enable
Mishcon Start
Redundancy & Restructuring
Team Moves & Restrictive Covenants
Technology
Transactional Support & TUPE
Whistleblowing



Mishcon Private

Art Law
Charities, not for profit & philanthropy
Data Protection
Dispute Resolution
Extradition
Families in Business
Family
Immigration
Indirect Taxes
LGBT Community
Luxury Assets
Mishcon Repute
Mishcon Spotlight
Mishcon VIP China
Mishcon VIP Russia
Private Commercial Litigation
Public Advocacy
Quintessentially
Reputation Protection
Residential Property
Russia & CIS
Tax
Trust & Succession Disputes
Wealth Structuring



Real Estate

Construction
Corporate Real Estate
Hospitality & Leisure
Luxury, Fashion & Retail
Planning & Environment
Property Litigation
Real Estate Development
Real Estate Finance
Real Estate Investment
Real Estate Taxation
Residential Property



Groups
 Automotive Betting & Gaming Competition Law eSports Family Food & Beverage Hospitality & Leisure Intellectual Property Life Sciences Luxury Assets Luxury, Fashion & Retail Media & Entertainment Recruitment Services Regulatory & Compliance Sports Law Tax Technology

Law Firm of the Year 2017
                    The Legal Business Awards




Products
 Mishcon Assure  Mishcon Discover  Mishcon Enable  Mishcon Invest  Mishcon Protect  Mishcon Recover  Mishcon Repute  Mishcon Spotlight  Mishcon Start  Mishcon Tulip  Mishcon VIP China  Mishcon VIP Russia 

Law Firm of the Year 2017
                    The Legal Business Awards










				We now employ more than 700 people with over 400 lawyers offering a wide range of legal services.

			



Select from



About Us
It’s business. But it’s personal




International
London | New York




Clients & Associations
You are the company you keep




Social Impact
Impacting society positively




Diversity and Inclusion
Embracing a Diverse and Inclusive Culture




History
Over 75 years in the making




What we Think
Lobbying, campaigning, advocating.








Mishcon International: Middle East
A dedicated Middle East microsite of curated content.






Mishcon International: Africa
A dedicated Africa microsite featuring quality journalism.



 









			Mishcon de Reya has 143 Partners and Legal Directors and over 400 fee-earners in total.
		



Select by department


Corporate
Key contact: Nick Davis


Dispute Resolution
Key contact: Kasra Nouroozi


Employment
Key contact: Daniel Naftalin



Mishcon Private
Key contact: James Libson


Real Estate
Key contact: Nick Doffman




Find by name
Type here if you know the name of the staff member you are looking for.





Our central switchboard, available 24 hours a day, can be reached on +44 20 7440 7000.








				Lobbying, campaigning, advocating – to us it's about putting your stake in the ground on issues that matter to us and our clients. in What we think 




Select from



Firm News





Briefings





Publications





Articles





TV





Events









Brussels Insider​
Brought to you by Mishcon de Reya and communications and public affairs consultancy Kreab.






The Academy
The Academy is Mishcon de Reya's in-house place of learning, our driver for growth and a platform for thought leadership.










				We foster a culture that embraces diversity, respect for the individual and the expression of talent.

			



Working with us



Careers at Mishcon de Reya






Graduate & trainee recruitment



Mishcon Graduates
We believe successful lawyers are great shapers










				If you have an enquiry you can telephone us on +44 20 3321 7000, e-mail us or use our online enquiry form.

			



Contact Mishcon



Contact us





Key contacts









Crisis Hotline
Call 0800 260 0546 for our 24-hour emergency legal hotline







Search Mishcon de Reya




























Jazz Shapers (Retired)









Jazz Shapers is presented by Mishcon de Reya’s Elliot Moss. During each show, Elliot interviews shapers of the business world, people who, like the musicians in the show, have defied convention and gone on to achieve great success.







Business Shapers





Business Shapers

 



Business Shapers

 



Business Shapers

 



Business Shapers

 



Business Shapers















Business Shapers: Peter Usborne

‹ Previous Business Shaper | Next Business Shaper ›

Peter Usborne featured on Jazz Shapers, a radio programme broadcast on Jazz FM, presented by Mishcon de Reya's Director of Business Development, Elliot Moss.
On Jazz Shapers, entrepreneurs like Peter Usborne, who have defined and shaped business, are interviewed by Elliot. Alongside music from the risk takers and leaders of jazz, soul, funk and blues, they share the story of their careers and offer advice to anybody thinking of setting up a business.
You can listen to Jazz Shapers live every Saturday at 9am here.
To view previous films, click here.

Transcript

Usborne Publishing is a fairly substantial children’s publishing company that I started 41 years ago and it has grown and grown and we are now I suppose one of the leading children’s book publishers in this country. 
I started my publishing career at Oxford University where I started a so called ‘funny’ magazine. My magazine wasn’t particularly funny but I kept going and it got funnier and funnier and eventually we turned it into Private Eye magazine.  
I left Private Eye after about 3 years because I was so called managing director and I had almost nothing to do and I ended up working for a large publishing group as a chairman’s assistant and after a couple of years of doing that my wife rang up and said, ‘I’ve got some news, you’re going to be a father’ and I marched into my bosses room which was just through the door and said, ‘John, can I stop being your assistant and can I have something to do with children’ and he said, ‘Okay Peter, you will find we own a publishing company called McDonald which has an educational publishing department. Get yourself a job’ and I did. 
I got promoted and promoted and eventually I met my boss and he said ‘What are you going to do next?’ and then I had a real moment of terror and said, ‘Well I really want to start my own company’ and he said to me, quite incredibly, ‘Ask me for the money’ and I did and I made a business plan and it involved borrowing £20,000 and I took it to a friend and said, ‘How’s this for a business plan?’ and he said, ‘Well it’s only got one mistake.  Add a nought’. 
So I did and asked for £200,000.  I got it and I started Usborne Publishing.  I want my books to be as edible as those bottles of sweets one used to see in old fashioned Post Offices I remember so well from my childhood.  I want my books to be something you want to put in your mouth.
So my hope now is that I manage to hand over my company to my two children and we’re working quite hard on that; my kids are sort of early forties, very, very clever young people who I admire and am extremely proud of and if it were possible to hand over successfully the ownership and possibly the running of the company to my kids I would be a very happy corpse.  I’d be looking down with great pleasure.


















Show Footer 





Search Mishcon de Reya

Search
the Site











Loading...
















Continue
For information on our use of cookies please read our cookies policy. You can manage your use of cookies here.


























	Search Engine Marketing (SEM) - Bing Ads








































































































Skip to content











Sign upSign in


 


















You run your business. We'll help find your customers.
Bing Ads can help build your business and drive your success. Spend $25 and get $100 in advertising credit.†

†Offer details




Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.







Coupon code class

First name:

Last name:

Email:

Your website URL

Business phone



*Required
Microsoft may contact you to provide updates and special offers about Bing Ads. You can unsubscribe at any time. To learn more you can read the privacy statement.
Type the code from the image:

Enter security code:







             























×
Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.


†Offer Details: Offer expires December 31, 2017.  Valid only for new Bing Ads customers who are first party recipients of the offer email. A new Bing Ads customer is one that has not advertised on Bing Ads before. Enter promotional coupon code and spend $25 (applies to threshold and prepaid accounts) to receive $100 in Bing Ads credits. Limit one promotion code per new Bing Ads customer. Promotional code must be redeemed within thirty (30) days of Bing Ads new customer account creation. Ad campaign costs accrued before receiving a credit, as well as costs accrued after all credits are used, will be charged to the payment method associated with the Bing Ads account. If customer payment fails, the coupon amount will not be applied.  Ads will continue to run and accrue costs after any promotional credit has been used up. Any portion of the credit not used within ninety (90) days of credit redemption will expire and can't be carried over even if the Bing Ads Customer switches their payment method. Offer valid only to residents of the United States. In order for the offer to be valid, a form of payment must be entered into your account prior to redemption of the promotional code and prior to your account going live to take advantage of the credit. This offer may not be combined with any other offer, promotional code coupon or discount, separated, redeemed for cash, transferred, sold, or bartered. Microsoft, in its sole discretion, can close your account for any suspected coupon abuse. Refund of the $25 is not permitted.  See Bing Ads Terms and Conditions for more details at sign-up. Other terms and conditions may apply.  Microsoft reserves the right to cancel, change, or suspend this offer at any time without notice.









See how Bing Ads works



Customers search


Customers see your ad


Customers contact you


Watch how Bing Ads works  
 








×
How Bing Ads works

















Help more customers find you
See how Bing can attract customers your Google AdWords campaigns can't.

Reach 137 million searchers on the Bing Network.1
Tap into 32.9% of the search marketplace.2
Get in front of searchers who spend 16 percent more than the average internet searcher.2











Powerful network. Powerful benefits.



Reach across devicesConnect with customers looking for your business anytime, anywhere, on any device.


Go global or localReach people in the Bing Network everywhere or focus on cities, counties and areas within a certain distance from your business.


Easy to importIf you're already using another product like Google Adwords, it's easy to pull that campaign into Bing Ads.








You control your costs

 Free sign-upJoin Bing Ads for free and control your account at every step.


 Only pay for clicksPay just when customers click on your ad. No click, no charge.


 No minimum feeStart advertising with a budget that works best for your business.









 



The advantage we gain in cost per click gives us a great return on investment — more than 35 percent better than Google AdWords.
Scott Redgate, search engine marketing manager — CJ Pony Parts
By using Bing Ads features like Image Extensions and Sitelink Extensions, this auto parts retailer races to convert customers and beat its competition.

 Read about driving more conversions







 



We might not get as much of the volume as with Google AdWords, but the volume of the traffic that we get converts really well at a lower cost.
Scott Schult, Executive Vice President of Marketing — Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau
The Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau uses Bing Ads to drive site traffic and tourism at lower cost.

 Read about getting better ROI








Better results for less cost. That's as simple as I can make it. If I look at the quality of the traffic we get for the dollars we spend on Bing Ads, our ROI is fantastic.
Alex Littlewood, CEO   Motoroso
Motoroso, a market network for auto enthusiasts, gets better results for less cost and reaches a high-value audience with Bing Ads.

 Read about attracting quality traffic



 









Import your AdWords campaigns

Save time by importing your Google AdWords campaigns into Bing Ads to get ads live quickly.


Sign in with your Microsoft account (or create one) to get started on Bing Ads.


From within the Bing Ads interface, select the Import from Google AdWords option.


Enter your Google AdWords credentials and select the campaign you want to import.










Preview your ad

Get found online with search engine marketing. Make the most of your marketing dollars and drive customers to your business.
See how Bing Ads can work for you




















Get started today
Give us a few details about your business to create a Bing Ads account and get it up and running.


  
Sign up
Get started with Bing Ads 
Signing up is always free.













FAQ


Is Bing Ads right for me?

Is Bing Ads right for my business?
All types of businesses find value and success with Bing Ads. Whether you're focused on local calls and foot traffic, or want to drive traffic to your website from across the country or around the world. Bing Ads has solutions for you.
I already appear in search results for free. Why should I pay for advertising?
Your current customers may search for your business by name, aiming it easy to find you in search results. But customers you've yet to reach are more likely searching for general terms that wouldn't necessarily bring up your business in search results. Advertising next to relevant Bing search results puts your business front and center with interested customers you otherwise might not reach.
What is the difference between SEO and SEM? Which one is right for me?
Search engine optimization (SEO) is adjusting your website to improve your natural ranking in search results. You cannot pay to improve your website ranking on Bing or Yahoo, thus we often refer to these results and unpaid or "organic" search results.

	Clicks from SEO are free. But SEO also requires technical expertise and involves some factors over which you have only limited control.

	Search engine marketing (SEM) is paid advertising that appears next to or above unpaid (or "organic") search results. These paid ads are purchased through Bing Ads.

	You pay for SEM clicks. But SEM gives you more control over when your website appears on results pages and you decide how much you want to pay. And you can measure which ads are working and quickly improve your results.

	You don't have to choose between SEO and SEM. You can do both!
If my time is limited, should I still try Bing ads?
Yes! Call a Bing Ads specialist at 877-635-3561*and we’ll set up your first campaign for you for free. We’ll give you tips on getting the most out of your ads and set you up for success. We’re here to help.




About Bing Ads

Where does my ad appear?
Your ads could appear on the top or to the right of Bing, Yahoo, and MSN search results. And you can choose to target your ads to different geographic regions, times or days of the week, and even demographics.
What determines my ad position?
Bing Ads is a pay-per-click (PPC) advertising system. You bid based on how much you are willing to pay per each click on your ad. Because webpages have a limited number of places to show ads, we auction those spaces. You are bidding against other advertisers to get your ads into the space you want. So if you bid on the keyword "shoe", you will have to beat the bids of the other advertisers who are also bidding on "shoe." You determine how much you are willing to bid.
	Your ad position is based on several things, including:
	
How closely your ad and website fit with the terms that are searched (relevance).
How your bid compares to other bids in the Bing Ads auction.
How strongly your ad has performed in the past and how often it has been clicked (click-through rate).

	The stronger you are in these areas, the better your chances of winning the top ad position.




How to use Bing Ads

How can I use Bing Ads to drive more people to my website?
Here are some tips to get better results:
	
Review your budget and bid strategy. If your ad keeps pausing, your budget limit may be set too low. Competitive bids help your ad stay in a strong position to catch eyes and get more clicks to your website.
Expand your targeting, both for location and for devices (computer, mobile and tablet).
Make sure your ads and website are relevant to the keywords you bid on. Would someone searching your terms expect to see and ad for your business?


How can I keep my costs down?
While your first instinct may be to lower your budget, first try lowering your maximum bids. Yes, this could mean fewer customers visit your site. But if you increase your quality score and build ads with a strong performance history, you may be able to win a good ad position with a lower bid. That would lower your cost=per-click and help stretch your budget.
How do I know if Bing Ads is working?
View a wide range of performance trends in your account to quickly see key stats: ad clicks, the number of times your ad appeared (impressions), spend, average cost-per-click, click-through rate, average ad position, cost per acquisition, and conversions. You can also run performance reports to get insights into how well your campaigns are doing.
Can I run more than one ad?
Yes! In fact, we encourage it. Only one ad will show at a time but running multiple ads lets you test different approaches to see what's working best with your target customers. Frequently, businesses try out different ads for specific products or pages.




Getting started with Bing Ads

How do I get started?
Sign up for Bing Ads
Which keywords should I choose?
You have a few options to help choose your keywords. First you'll want to think of the terms one of your customers might use to search for your products and offerings. Those search terms are a great starting point. Then you can use tools right in your account to find more keywords. Within Bing Ads, click Campaigns on the top of the page. Click the Keywords tab, and then click Add Keywords. This will let you:
	
Search for new keywords based on one you enter.
Search a website for keywords.
Search your destination URLs for keywords.


How can I write a good ad?
Here are a few tips that can help make your ad stand out.
	
Keep your ads relevant. One way to improve relevance is to use your customer's most popular search terms in your ad titles and txt.
Describe what sets your product apart.
Use your customers' language. Use words and writing tone that are likely to attract your typical customer.
Be specific. This clearer and more specific your offering, the better. For example, rather than "big discount," specify and exact percentage, such as "50 percent off."
Give customers a reason to click your ad right now. Offer a specific call to action, such as encouraging customers to request a brochure or consultation, download a free e-book, subscribe to a newsletter, or take advantage of a limited-time discount.























Sign up with Bing Ads to get started





































