    Mark Shapiro | The Advance Group | ZoomInfo.com    Mark Shapiro | Agile Product Marketing Group | ZoomInfo.com







Shapiro Produce












 Welcome To Shapiro ProduceNews & EventsProductsSince our inception in 1950, Shapiro Produce has prided itself on freshness, integrity, and service. This philosophy has helped us grow into an industry leader distributing produce, value added products, and superior service throughout New England. Experienced buyers research local and world markets daily, purchasing the finest quality fruits and vegetables available. The cycle of receiving, inspecting, storing and shipping fresh produce is performed by knowledgeable and dedicated personnel, 24-hours a day, six days a week. All produce is carefully maintained in our large, modern fully refrigerated facility.  We hope you enjoy learning more about Shapiro Produce on the following pages. If you have any questions or would like to learn more about what Shapiro Produce has to offer, please feel free to call us at any time or visit our website at www.shapiroproduce.com © 2010 Shapiro Produce. All Rights Reserved.






























mark  shapiro - B2B Inbound Marketing & Sales Enablement| SaaS , Cloud, Mobile, InfoSec & B2B Marketing for Rapid Scaling Expert - Clarity



















the startups.co platform 
about startups.co
We've acquired Zana – a free Startup University for entrepreneurs.







Reach Customers





Secure Funding





Access Mentors





Virtual Assistants





Get Discovered





Startup University












Loading...







Clarity









mark  shapiro
Boston

Founder Agile Product Marketing Group |Marketing player/coach providing senior level expertise that bridges the gap between sales, corporate marketing, and product management to deliver revenue focused marketing| Startup-F50 experience  (Authentec, Apple, Cybertrust, Ping Identity, Verizon....) 




$2.50/min
              









—
                  0 Calls




6
6 Reviews




—
Avg. call








Inbound Marketing


Marketing Strategy


Content Marketing


SaaS


Information Security


Sales Enablement


Product Marketing


Market Analysis


Demand Generation


Competitive Analysis




            Call me to talk about
          



B2B Inbound Marketing & Sales Enablement| SaaS , Cloud, Mobile, InfoSec
Selling complex technology products to enterprise buyers typically involves multiple stakeholders in the buying process, requires education on how that product addresses a buyer's business and technical problems -and of course why your offering is best suited to solve those problems.
Inbound content-driven marketing provides maximum effectiveness to reach every stakeholder at every stage of the buying cycle with relevant contextual information.   It allows you to be very targeted and customer-centric in your approach. 
And you probably already know this, which is why you’ve purchased or are considering purchasing a marketing automation platform.
HubSpot, Pardot, Marketo, Eloqua, Act-On etc... are all fantastic tools for implementing inbound content driven marketing, however, there is no denying that it takes time, effort and most importantly an understanding of how your buyers make purchasing decisions for marketing automation to be effective, You need to understand what your buyer's challenges are and how your offerings address those challenges-and then provide them with content that clearly articulates this.  
Marketing automation platforms run on content, it’s the fuel that runs the marketing automation engine. 
If you don’t have great content then marketing automation won’t help you.   If you don’t have the time or expertise to develop great content then marketing automation won’t help you.  If your message is focused only on your product and what it does then you won’t develop great content.   If you don’t understand who is buying your product (not just who is using it) and how they make their buying decisions then you won’t have great content and it won't reach the right people
I know technology marketing and will work with you to :
-Develop messaging , positioning and high impact content
-Map your content to the buying cycle 
-Develop inbound content-driven marketing programs
-Deploy and/or manage marketing automation on an ongoing basis
-Teach you how to execute programs using your platform for maximum effect
-Analyze program results and fine tune programs using your platform



B2B Marketing for Rapid Scaling
You’ve reached the point where it’s all about scaling.  You need to quickly and cost-effectively raise your profile, generate more leads, and support a growing sales team.
Competition is heating up, increasing the need for well defined targets and differentiated messaging to address each players' persona and needs. 
With growing competition and complexity, product needs to be laser focused on development (not selling) and sales doesn't have time to build their own materials.  In order to scale, sales teams require messaging, training, tools, and effective demand generation programs fueled by content.
And to maximize your ROI for marketing content and programs, you'll want to  leverage marketing automation and analytics to deliver scalable programs where you know what’s working and what isn’t.
HOW I CAN HELP
I take a customer-centric approach to developing products, strategies and programs that minimize the effort required to close sales. And am a highly analytical problem solver with significant accomplishments creating demand for information security technology and enterprise software across a wide range of verticals.
My specialties include:
•Go-To-Market Planning
•Segmentation strategies  
•Product Marketing  
•Sales Enablement & Demand Generation
•Software as a Service (SaaS) 







              Answers 0


              Reviews 6





Answers




Reviews




Mark is a consummate professional that knows the area of Identity and Access Management – IAM (inclusive of PKI) like the back of his hand. His grasp of that area coupled with the extensive knowledge of marketing programs enabled us to depict the correct story to the analysts and the sales teams. The IAM product suite and its associated marketing activities have kicked off with a tremendous amount of momentum and is poised for success. Without hesitation, I would work with Mark again and recommend him very highly.




Hitesh Anklesaria



        Source:
          LinkedIn







Mark is a very insightful professional with a good combination of strategic insight and practical implementation skills.  Mark is also a great communicator and a consistent contributor in a team setting.




Thomas Greco



        Source:
          LinkedIn







Mark has been a key driver in the efforts to transform the Identity business from a narrow set of point products to robust a comprehensive portfolio of in-the-cloud" Identity services.  Mark’s ability to maintain focus on customer requirements when we launch a service has been critical and he has done an excellent job making sure that we consider the market and not what is easiest to launch.  I recommend Mark highly and hope to work with him again!




Chris Beach



        Source:
          LinkedIn







Mark is highly customer focused marketeer and demonstrated a strong ability to work with Sales teams to develop comptitive offerings to drive new business opportunities. He is highly professional and has a can-do attitude in his work.




Elaine Treacy



        Source:
          LinkedIn







Mark has an in-depth understanding of his line of business and how to effectively position and price an offering to win business in a highly competitive environment.




Hans-Peter Schwebler



        Source:
          LinkedIn







If you're looking for someone that can take high tech products/services and put together a great marketing program which makes them easy to understand, Mark is your man. Mark also does a great job with competitive analysis, product positioning, and lead gen programs. On top of that, he is a great guy to work with!




Dean Coclin, CISSP



        Source:
          LinkedIn









Member since November 2014
      






















Mark F. Shapiro | Shapiro Injury Group, P.A




































Your Needs * Our Focus
Home
Our Focus

Accidents
Day Care Injury
Product Liability
Slip and Fall
Dog Bites
Wrongful Death
Constructions Accidents


Your Needs

Medical Attention
Document Damage
Protect Yourself


SIG

Attorneys

Mark F. Shapiro
Joseph Freire


Forms

Clients
Insurance Companies




News
Free Case Review



 





 
 
 

Home »

									Mark F. Shapiro					 

Mark F. Shapiro
 
 




 
 
Mark Shapiro was born December 7, 1967 in Detroit, Michigan. At age 7, Mark’s family moved to Ft. Lauderdale where he graduated from Pine Crest in 1986.
Mark followed in his family’s footsteps to the University of Florida where he graduated undergrad and law with honors in 6 years. While in law school he clerked for a personal injury firm for two years. He was admitted to the Florida Bar April 24th 1993 specializing in civil trial practice, personal injury, and wrongful death.
In March of 1993 Mark practiced civil trial, personal injury, and wrongful death with Mulholland & Associates in Tampa, Florida. Practicing strictly as a civil trial attorney he handled over 500 cases of litigation at one time and over 3000 cases in litigation during his tenure with Mulholland.
February 1996 Mark started his first personal injury practice in Orlando. In 2001 he established Shapiro & Freire, P.A. as Managing Partner and in January 2011 he established Shapiro Injury Group, P.A.
Memberships, Associations & Community Involvement
Florida Bar
Orange County Bar Association
American Bar Association
Jewish Federation of South Florida
Medivan Project
 
 
 

 Recent Posts 

Shapiro Injury Group PA Drone Raffle Fundraiser


PIP Law Injunction


New PIP Law Passes Senate


  Categories 
News


  




No Obligation Case Review 
Name




Email




Phone




Questions/Comments



Leave This Field Empty




 





  





   
Designed by  Elegant WordPress Themes | Powered by  WordPress
 
 
 






















Faculty Profile | Physiology












































	University: Home | Calendar | Maps






University 

Site 

 

 




Cellular & Integrative Physiology Home
Faculty
Students
Ed Programs
Postdoctoral Fellows
Core Facilities
Contact Us
Seminar and Events
Positions Available
Online Giving
SOM Home
CV Training Texas

 

 


Faculty Profile





Mark S. Shapiro, Ph.D.
Research Interests What are ion channels? - The nervous system is a vast array of connected cells, called neurons, which are responsible for organizing and directing the activities of all animals. The heart is composed of cardiomyocytes that are electrically connected to control and sustain the cardiovascular system. Smooth muscle cells control the tone of blood vessels and airways. These neurons, cardiomyocytes and muscle cells work by using a combination of electrical and chemical signals. The electrical signals use the charged salt atoms (ions) of body fluids that are our heritage of evolving from the sea. The movement of ions in and out of cells is mediated by ion channels, macromolecular proteins that span the lipid membranes of cells, and selectively permit the passage of particular ions. The ionic currents carried by ion channels underlie the basic electrical signals that allow the nervous and cardiovascular systems to function. We are interested in the physiology, regulation and functional role of ion channels.
	 
Many signaling pathways modulate ion channels.Since ion channels are so critical to the function of excitable cells, a vast system of neurotransmitters and hormones regulate the physiology of excitable cells by acting on specific receptors in the cell membrane. The intracellular actions of these receptors are often mediated by G proteins, biological molecular switches that transduce the extracellular presence of a neurotransmitter into the modulation of some intracellular target. In neurons and cardiomyocytes, and smooth muscle cells, as well as many other types of cells, these G protein-mediated signaling pathways frequently act on ion channels. Our laboratory focuses on these G-protein signaling pathways that act on two important types of ion channels. The first makes an important neuronal K+ current called the M current, called such because it is strongly modulated by muscarinic acetylcholine receptor agonists. The genes underlying M currents have been identified, and several different subunits of the KCNQ (Kv7) K+ channel family, consisting of KCNQ1-5 (Kv7.1-7.5), come together to form M-type K+ channels. The second are voltage-gated Ca2+ channels, whose currents drive exocytosis and the release of neurotransmitter at nerve terminals. Ca2+ channels are composed of pore-forming α-subunits, along with auxiliary ß, α2δ and ɣ subunits. By modulating Ca2+ channel activity, synaptic transmission is thus directly regulated. Modulation of the M-type K+ currents plays a strong role in regulating the excitability of neurons, the firing of action potentials and the tone of smooth muscle. Many different receptors act via G proteins to modulate the M current and Ca2+ currents. We know that these G-protein pathways use intracellular second messengers, and that the intracellular mechanisms they use are often distinct. One goal of the lab is to elucidate the mechanisms of this receptor-specificity of action.
Model accounting for receptor-specific phosphoinositide and Ca2+ signals in sympathetic neurons. All receptors activate PLCß, which in turn hydrolyses PIP2 to IP3 and diacylglycerol (DAG). The released Ca2+ is regulated by the IP3R binding protein, IRBIT, which sets a "threshold" for [IP3] sufficient to open IP3Rs. Stimulation of M1 muscarinic acetylcholine receptors (left) is ineffective in producing cytoplasmic Ca2+signals since the IP3 produced is too far away from IP3Rs; thus, [IP3] at the IP3R is too low to overcome the IRBIT threshold. Bradykinin B2 and purinergic P2Y receptors (right) produce robust cytoplasmic Ca2+ signals due to their spatial co-localization with IP3Rs where [IP3] is sufficiently high. Via neuronal Ca2+ sensor-1 (NCS-1), bradykinin and purinergic, but not muscarinic, stimulation accelerates PI 4IIIß-kinase activity. Via DAG-kinase conversion to phosphatidic acid (PA), the produced DAG increases PI(4)P 5-kinase (PI4P-K) activity, in concert with Rho-family proteins and Rho-kinase (R-K). PI(4)P 5-kinase activity is also increased by bradykinin and purinergic stimulation, but for clarity this is only shown for muscarinic. Acceleration of both PI 4IIIß- and PI(4)P 5-kinases is required to increase PIP2 synthesis that compensates for consumption of PIP2 by PLC.
	 
We study these channels using preparations of primary sympathetic and sensory neurons, cardiomyocytes and smooth muscle cells, and using heterologous mammalian expression systems. Our major approaches include patch clamp electrophysiology, along with techniques of molecular biology and biochemistry, to probe the molecular mechanism of ion channel modulation. We also perform single-cell living imaging experiments, using confocal and TIRF microscopy, specialized lasers and highly-sensitive cameras. Such techniques include Ca2+ imaging, Förster Resonance Energy Transfer (FRET), in vivo brain imaging and GFP-tagged reporter fluorescent probes, to directly observe the creation, reduction or translocation in individual cells of many putative second messengers.
	 
Recently, we have begun to study the clustering of signaling complexes by the scaffolding protein, A-kinase anchoring protein (AKAP)79/150. AKAPs organize "signalosomes" that include kinases, phosphatases, calmodulin, phosphoinositides, receptors and ion channels. Using transgenic "knock-out" mice, patch-clamp electrophysiology, FRET and GFP translocation experiments, we have shown AKAP79/150 to orchestrate both "short-term" modulation of M-type K+ and L-type Ca2+ channels in a receptor-specific manner, as well as "longer-term" regulation of KCNQ2/3 gene transcription, via NFATc1-4 transcription factors, acting as a negative-feedback loop that prevents hyperexcitabilty in the brain, such as seen during epilepsy or chronic pain. An example experiment is shown below.
 
With the combined use of biophysics, molecular biology, biochemistry and single-cell imaging, this lab works toward the identification of the relevant signaling molecules in modulation of ion channels and the understanding of the precise mechanisms they use.
	 


Lab Team


 
  
 Chase Carver 

  
 MaryAnn Hobbs 

  
 Isamar Sanchez  

  
 Rafael Veraza 

  
 Fabio Vigil  
 




Education
B.A., Physics, University of Chicago, 1984

Ph.D., Physiology, Rush University Medical Center, 1991



Selected Publications



 Zhang, J., Carver, C.C., Choveau F., and M.S. Shapiro.  (2016). Clustering and functional coupling of diverse ion channels and signaling proteins revealed by super-resolution STORM microscopy in neurons.  Neuron.  92(2):461-478.
  



 Choveau, F., Bierbower, S.M. and M. S. Shapiro.  (2016). The role of the carboxyl terminus helix C-D linker in regulating KCNQ3 K+ current amplitudes by controlling channel trafficking.  PloS One, 10(12):Dec. 21.
  



 Zhang, J. and M.S. Shapiro.  (2015). Novel roles of AKAP79/150 in orchestrating multi-protein signaling complexes in brain and peripheral nerve.  Journal of Physiology 594(1):31-37.
  





See Additional Publications >>





 













Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











Mark Shapiro - AngelList
































































Join
 
Log In







AngelList


Startup Jobs

Recruit

Invest

More





Companies

Freelancers

Incubators

Track

Salaries
Valuations

Help











Your Alumni Network








Companies

Freelancers

Incubators

Track

Salaries
Valuations

Help











































Mark Shapiro






Founder Agile Product Marketing Group • Worked at @Apple, @Ping Identity • Studied at @Carnegie Mellon University







Marketing



Boston



Carnegie Mellon Unive...




Www.marketwithagility.com





35 Connections



















There was a problem loading your content.


















Mark Shapiro






Open to Networking








Learn More

Connect













Networking










Boston, Remote





Product Marketing, Marketing Strategy, Email Marketing, Digital Marketing, Marketing Research, Solutions Selling, Pragmatic Marketing Framework, HubSpot Certified, SPIN Selling


Product Marketing, Marketing Strategy, Email Marketing, Digital Marketing, Marketing Research
·
more







Giving and seeking advice on technology marketing, Inbound Marketing and Selling.  Scaling professional services firms


















Offering Services





Marketing











$

$100 per hour



Boston, San Francisco Bay Area, San Diego, San Jose, Reston, Raleigh, Seattle, Remote





Product Marketing, Marketing Strategy, Email Marketing, Digital Marketing, Marketing Research, Solutions Selling, Pragmatic Marketing Framework, HubSpot Certified, SPIN Selling


Product Marketing, Marketing Strategy, Email Marketing, Digital Marketing, Marketing Research
·
more







It's really is to find people with the marketing skills and technical chops to deliver revenue-focused marketing and differentiation. My team offers full-funnel growth services for technology companies who target buyers of complex software and security products.

We help you adopt and improve Inbound Marketing and Selling  We also provide GTM, messaging, content, lead gen sales enablement. 












Clients









Symantec


Marketing









PRQA


Marketing









Entrust


Marketing









NuCypher


Marketing









Cryptzone North America


Marketing














Experience











Agile Product Marketing Group


Founder












Ping Identity


Employee












Verizon


Employee












Baltimore Technologies


Employee












Apple


Employee












Authentec


Employee












Inside Secure


Employee












GlobalSign


Employee








Founder

Agile Product Marketing Group



Employee

Apple, 
Ping Identity, 
Inside Secure, 
Verizon, 
Authentec, 
Baltimore Technologies, 
GlobalSign



Investor

 



Syndicator

 



Incubator

 



Advisor

 



Attorney

 



Board Member

 



Mentor

 



Member

 



Acquired

 



Customer

 



Service Provider

 












Education















About










Achievements






Successfully explaining to my mother the technologies I work with


Describe the most impressive thing you've done.









Skills






HubSpot Certified
Solutions Selling
Pragmatic Marketing Framework
SPIN Selling
Digital Marketing
Email Marketing
Marketing Research
Marketing Strategy
Product Marketing









Markets






Enterprise Security
Network Security
Big Data
Developer Tools























People also viewed












Sarah Blahnik











Henning Paulke


Partner Manager at AWS Germany with...












Sarosh Vesuna


Executive roles in Corporate...











Mark Herring












Michelle Suzuki


CMO @rizepoint. Previously...











Rory Landon Aronson


Engineer, Social Entrepreneur,...












Joshua L. Mortensen


Founder Whistic • Worked at...











Spencer Behrend


Founder/CEO KiLife Tech | MBA |...





























Help
·
Directory
·
Blog
Twitter
·
Terms & Risks
·
Unsubscribe

·
Mobile



·
Desktop


·

Profile not verified













Law Offices of Marc L. Shapiro, P.A. – Personal Injury Naples FL


































































 


 

 8:00pm – 5:00pm  


24/7 Home or Hospital Visits. Visits by Appointment.

 

 


 

 (239) 649-8050


Call Us For a Free  Personal Injury Consultation.

 

 












Facebook



 

 












Twitter



 

 












YouTube



 




 Search


 

 























 

 



































































 



 


 


 





 







Experienced in Personal Injury Law 


Login Now
  




Contact us now
  
 

 







Our Personal Injury Team 

Will guide you through the
entire legal process and work hard for you! 


Contact us now
  




Contact us now
  
 



 


 











 

Product Liability







Representation in civil litigation cases.







 









 

Car Accidents







Representation in civil litigation cases.







 









 

Personal Injury







Representation in civil litigation cases.







 









 

Real Estate







Representation in civil litigation cases.







 









 

Hit and Run







Representation in civil litigation cases.







 









 

Wrongful Death







Representation in civil litigation cases.







 




 




Securing Help for the Injured and Their Families





Florida Personal Injury Attorneys at the Law Offices of Marc L. Shapiro,P.A.
represent clients throughout Florida, including residents of Collier County,
Lee County, and Orange County.











 



							Personal Injury						




Find Out More

















 



							Wrongful Death						




Find Out More

















 



							Car Accident						




Find Out More

















 



							Product Liability						




Find Out More














10 Things the Insurance Adjuster Won’t Share With You!



 Download Whitepaper    






















 




10 Things the Insurance Adjuster Won’t Share with You! – Download this critical whitepaper by Marc L. Shapiro right now! 




	WINK News and the Naples Daily News have both cited Mr. Shapiro as an authority in various personal injury matters over the last several years. Mr. Shapiro is a frequent speaker and is invited to speak several times a year at numerous business and consumer groups. Download his latest whitepaper, ``10 Secrets the Insurance Adjuster Won't Share With You.`` 





 




What Our Clients Say About Our Services





Let the Law Offices of Marc L. Shapiro represent you in cases such as personal injury, wrongful death and product liability.




 






Top One Percent
National Association of Distinguished Counsel







Mr. Shapiro probably does not recall me, but I worked on some of his personal injury cases when I was a Casualty adjuster with Progressive Insurance. His demands were well-crafted, and he demonstrated a keen understanding of personal injury law. I'd have no reservation about referring a case to him if I needed an attorney in his area.

Christoper Dillingham, Personal Injury Attorney, Opposing Counsel													










Every act, every deed of justice and mercy and benevolence, makes heavenly music in Heaven.

Ellen G. White													










Last year I got into a car accident in Florida, with my kids in the car! The guy that hit me didn't have insurance, and Florida is a no fault state, so I wasn't getting any help to pay for my injuries from the air bag. I searched the internet for a lawyer and I was worried that I would end up not getting any help from them either and have to pay out even more money that I didn't have. I called Marc Shapiro and was shocked to find someone that cared about me and my family.

Jessica													










Marc handled a foreclosure and family law matter for me. He was more than excellent. He worked well with me to get the best result possible. I recommended him to all my family and friends. Mr. Shapiro was the best choice I could have made after my car accident!!

Anonymous 													










I have heard very good things about Marc L. Shapiro, P.A. from friends that have used him to handle their personal injury claims. I know some of the people that work in his office and they are very helpful and involved in the community.. Mr. Shapiro does a lot of things in the community to help people. If I ever needed a lawyer a would certainly choose Marc Shapiro.

Anonymous 													










Mr. Shapiro helped our family when our son was injured in an automobile accident. The staff was very helpful and our settlement was much more than we thought imagined. Plus my son was able to get a rental car while looking for his replacement vehicle. My son was very happy. Also during my son's hospitalization and during his course of medical care - Mr. Shapiro's office staff was concerned for our son's well-being and called to check on his health.

Anonymous 													










Attorney Marc Shapiro has been our Real Estate Attorney for over 10 years and we feel blessed to have him on our team. As Real Estate Investors and Mentors, one of the key things that we teach is that the first thing to do is get a great Attorney on your Team. Fortunately we have found that key piece with Atty. Marc Shapiro by our side. He extremely knowledgeable and extremely well versed about Real Estate Investing .

Stephanie													










Mr. Shapiro is an extremely knowledgeable attorney. Our case was a bit complicated as it involved corporations and real estate issues. The other side really did not have the knowledge that Marc Shapiro had and they actually had to bring in several different lawyers to help them with their case. Mr. Shapiro was able to use that to his advantage and we prevailed. We've also used both Marc Shapiro for closings on real estate and his title company.

Lisa													










Marc Shapiro is a great Attorney who probably knows more about Real Estate Law than 10 of his fellow counterparts combined. I would really stack him up against any other Real Estate Attorney. He has handled complex Real Estate transactions for us with a breeze. He and his staff are great to work with and at the end of the day, get our transactions done. I highly recommend him!

Ryan													










Mr. Shapiro is very knowledgeable in foreclosure and real estate law. He helped my family with some investment properties. His staff were very polite, professional and handled the closings with expert care. Aries Title, Inc. is Mr. Shapiro's attorney-owned title company. I'm glad I used them.

Anonymous 													










Mark is extremely knowledgeable about all aspects of Real Estate Law and does a great job staying informed on the new laws that effect us. I trust him completely and am thankful to have found him. I will use Marc Shapiro for all my real estate related legal needs and recommend him highly

Nancy													










I am a Real Estate Investor. I hired Marc to handle a Real Estate transaction where the sellers attorney was trying to cut me out of the deal all together. Marc handled it perfectly and after the sellers attorney and Marc talked a few times, a resolution was reached and I successfully closed on the property. Thanks to Marc I did not get bullied by another attorney and I got paid!

John													










I have had the opportunity to attend Attorney Mark Shapiro's seminars several times. When it comes to real estate, he is number 1. Mr Shapiro is up-to-date on all the legal strategies to assist anyone with their real estate concerns. He has taken time to answer questions for me over the years, that have helped guide me in my business decisions.

Chris													










I am a new Real Estate Investor in the Florida area. Marc has provided me the right documents to make sure I am following the correct legal processing while continuing to protect me along the way. He has been a huge help to me over the past few month to make sure I am always update with any changes that are going on in the Real Estate industry.

Anonymous 													










I recently meet with Marc and his staff to work on a very complicate Lease Option Transaction. He meet with me personally and then had his staff arrange to get all the parties together and close in a timely manner. I would certainly recommend Marc and his Law Firm to anyone needing legal assistance.

Barry W., Sunbelt Business Solutions													
































Our law firm will also represent you in civil litigation cases such as wrongful death.





 




Proven Personal Injury Lawyers with Exceptional Results





In addition to our expansive personal injury law services, our firm can also represent you medical malpractice and product liability cases.











Personal Injury
what we are best at



Automobile Accidents
Catastrophic Injuries
Animal Attacks
Unsafe Environments
Medical Malpractice
Nursing Home Negligence
Swimming Pool Accidents




 See more 















Real Estate
outstanding service



Foreclosure Defense
Real Estate Closings
Title Services








 See more 















Product Liability
thorough investigation



Defective Seat Belts
Passenger Van Accidents
Airbag Failures
Mechanical Failures







 See more 












Our Firm Has Been Featured in the Media Numerous Times





Marc L. Shapiro frequently delivers seminar presentations and is often asked to speak to groups including several real estate investor groups on various real estate and legal topics. Marc has been cited in the media on various legal topics and he has appeared on local news stations. Marc also makes frequent appearances on the legal eagle section of the radio show “Real Estate Best Buys”.
















































































Were you or a loved one injured? Don’t go it alone.  Contact us now for a FREE consultation.



 Contact us    







 
 

 
 























