
Security Check Required




FacebookJoin or Log Into Facebook   Email or PhonePasswordForgot account?Log InDo you want to join Facebook?Sign UpSign UpSecurity CheckPlease enter the text belowCan't read the text above?Try another text or an audio captchaText in the box:What's this?Security CheckThis is a standard security test that we use to prevent spammers from creating fake accounts and spamming users.SubmitEnglish (US)EspañolFrançais (France)中文(简体)العربيةPortuguês (Brasil)Italiano한국어Deutschहिन्दी日本語MessengerFacebook LitePeoplePlacesGamesLocationsCelebritiesMarketplaceGroupsRecipesMomentsInstagramAboutCreate AdCreate PageDevelopersCareersPrivacyCookiesAd ChoicesTermsSettingsActivity Log Facebook © 2017








Find a Doctor, Dentist or Hospital Reviews, UCompareHealthCare





 











































xcuwaasbzdsx
















Show all results
Hide results 



Show all results
Hide results 








Welcome
About





Search and Compare for Better Care







Click any of the search examples below
Dentists in Houston, TX
Podiatrists in New York, New York
Emergency Medicine in Jackson, MS







5.5+
Million  Ratings

read reviews


50+
Thousand  Pharmacies

search pharmacies


1.0+
Million  Professionals

search doctors


6+
Thousand  Hospitals

search hospitals











ADVERTISEMENT



















 





Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft















Find Doctors by Specialty





 











































xcuwaasbzdsx
















Show all results
Hide results 



Show all results
Hide results 






Home

				 > 						
Doctors

				 > 						Specialties









ADVERTISEMENT




















ADVERTISEMENT















Find Doctors by Specialty



A 

Adolescent Medicine Physicians
Allergists and Immunologists
Anesthesiologists


B 

Bariatric Physicians


C 

Cardiologists
Cardiovascular Disease Physicians
Clinical Cardiac Electrophysiologists
Colorectal Surgeons (Proctologists)
Critical Care Physicians


D 

Dermatologists
Diagnostic Radiologists


E 

Emergency Medicine Physicians
Endocrinologists


F 

Family Practice Physicians


G 

Gastroenterologists
General Practice Physicians
General Surgeons
Geriatric Medicine Physicians
Gynecologists
Gynecologists / Oncologists


H 

Hematologists / Oncologists
Hospitalists


I 

Infectious Disease Physicians
Internal Medicine Physicians
Interventional Cardiologists


M 

Medical Oncologists


N 

Nephrologists
Neurologists
Neurosurgeons


O 

Obstetricians / Gynecologists
Ophthalmologists
Orthopedic Spine Surgeons
Orthopedic Surgeons
Otolaryngologists


P 

Pain Management Physicians
Pediatric Cardiologists
Pediatricians
Physical Medicine and Rehabilitation Physicians
Plastic Surgeons
Psychiatrists
Pulmonary Disease Physicians


R 

Radiation Oncologists
Radiologists
Rheumatologists


S 

Hand Surgeons
Sleep Medicine Specialists
Sports Medicine Specialists


T 

Thoracic Surgeons


U 

Urologists


V 

Vascular Surgeons















ADVERTISEMENT



















ADVERTISEMENT



















 










Find a Doctor - Compare Reviews





 











































xcuwaasbzdsx
















Show all results
Hide results 



Show all results
Hide results 






Home

				 > 						Doctors









ADVERTISEMENT




















ADVERTISEMENT













Find a Doctor




Browse by Top Specialties



Allergy / Immunology
Anesthesiology
Cardiology
Colorectal Surgery (formerly Proctology)
Dermatology
Endocrinology
Family Practice
Gastroenterology
General Practice
General Surgery
Geriatric Medicine
Hand Surgery
Infectious Disease
Internal Medicine
Nephrology
Neurology
Neurosurgery
Nuclear Medicine
Obstetrics & Gynecology
Ophthalmology
Orthopedic Surgery
Otolaryngology
Pain Management
Pathology
Pediatric Medicine
Physical Medicine and Rehabilitation
Plastic Surgery
Psychiatry
Pulmonary Disease
Radiology
Rheumatology
Thoracic Surgery
Urology








Browse by Top Cities



Alabama



Birmingham




Alaska






Arizona



Phoenix

Tucson




Arkansas






California



Los Angeles

Sacramento

San Diego

San Francisco




Colorado



Denver




Connecticut






Delaware






Washington DC



Washington




Florida



Jacksonville

Miami

Orlando

Tampa




Georgia



Atlanta




Hawaii






Idaho






Illinois



Chicago




Indiana



Indianapolis




Iowa






Kansas






Kentucky



Lexington

Louisville




Louisiana






Maine






Maryland



Baltimore




Massachusetts



Boston




Michigan






Minnesota



Minneapolis

Saint Paul




Mississippi






Missouri



Kansas City

Saint Louis




Montana






Nebraska



Omaha




Nevada



Las Vegas




New Hampshire






New Jersey






New Mexico



Albuquerque




New York



Bronx

Brooklyn

Buffalo

New York

Rochester




North Carolina



Charlotte




North Dakota






Ohio



Cincinnati

Cleveland

Columbus

Dayton




Oklahoma



Oklahoma City

Tulsa




Oregon



Portland




Pennsylvania



Philadelphia

Pittsburgh




Rhode Island






South Carolina






South Dakota






Tennessee



Nashville




Texas



Austin

Dallas

Houston

San Antonio




Utah



Salt Lake City




Vermont






Virginia






Washington



Seattle




West Virginia






Wisconsin



Milwaukee




Wyoming



































ADVERTISEMENT










The UCompareHealthCare website is provided for your informational use only. Nothing contained or offered by, on or through UCompareHealthCare should be construed as medical advice or relied upon for medical diagnosis or treatment. UCompareHealthCare does not recommend or endorse any particular healthcare provider whose information or ratings appear on this website. We encourage you to read our full Terms of Use.







ADVERTISEMENT










 








ADVERTISEMENT



















 





Security Check Required




FacebookJoin or Log Into Facebook   Email or PhonePasswordForgot account?Log InDo you want to join Facebook?Sign UpSign UpSecurity CheckPlease enter the text belowCan't read the text above?Try another text or an audio captchaText in the box:What's this?Security CheckThis is a standard security test that we use to prevent spammers from creating fake accounts and spamming users.SubmitEnglish (US)EspañolFrançais (France)中文(简体)العربيةPortuguês (Brasil)Italiano한국어Deutschहिन्दी日本語MessengerFacebook LitePeoplePlacesGamesLocationsCelebritiesMarketplaceGroupsRecipesMomentsInstagramAboutCreate AdCreate PageDevelopersCareersPrivacyCookiesAd ChoicesTermsSettingsActivity Log Facebook © 2017


YouTube 
 








 

 








Sign in

About
Press
Copyright
Creators
Advertise
Developers
+YouTube


Terms
Privacy
Policy & Safety
Test new features




© 2017 YouTube, LLC




 




 






























Amit Sharma - YouTube




























































 






Amit Sharma - Ph.D. Candidate, Computer Science, Cornell University



















Amit Sharma
Ph.D. Candidate, Computer Science
            Cornell University



















Update 2015/07: I have graduated! All future updates will be at amitsharma.in.
Research Summary

How do social processes affect our preferences and interests? How do some items stay "niche" while others end up becoming widely popular? 


Answers to these questions can help us understand how information diffuses through society, support sharing of information in online social systems and create better recommendation systems.

I use online traces of human activity to make progress on these broad, largely open, questions. I employ online experiments and data mining from a variety of domains such as entertainment, e-commerce and collaborative online activity to create general models for preference evolution and diffusion.

At Cornell, I am a Ph.D. student in the Reimagination Lab, advised by Dan Cosley. I have also been an intern at Google, LinkedIn and IBM Research. Before graduate school at Cornell, I studied computer science at IIT Kharagpur.





Quick Links




The role of social explanations in affecting our preferencesWWW
                      2013, Link
Recommendations using the ego network ICWSM                      2013, Link
Personalization in Social Networks: Modeling the Underlying Social ProcessesD2D@WSDM 2014, Link





A network-centric recommender system. Try it out!



Work Experience




Microsoft Research
New York, USA
May - August 2014

Worked with Jake Hofman and Duncan Watts.Estimation of causal impact of recommender systems.





Google Inc.
 Mountain View, USA
May - August 2013

Worked with Gueorgi Kossinets. Inference of attributes for local businesses, studying the evolution of their rating.





LinkedIn Corp.
Mountain View, USA
May - August 2012

Worked with Baoshi Yan. Novel pairwise models for learning implicit user feedback on recommendations.





CRAFT Lab, EPFL
Lausanne, Switzerland
May - July 2009

Worked with Frederic Kaplan and Pierre Dillenbourg. Prosodic analysis of speech and visualizations for supporting collaborative dialogue.





IBM Research
New Delhi, India
May - July 2008

Worked with Akshat Verma and Gargi Dasgupta. Local-optimal search algorithms for dynamic composition of web services.



Publications

Conference Papers


Accounting for preference similarity when estimating
social influence in online sharing networks
                Amit Sharma and Dan Cosley
                In submission to WWW 2015 [Abstract] [PDF] [Web]
                Abstract: 
Many online social networks thrive on automatic sharing of people's activities to their friends and followers. A fundamental question in the study of such online sharing networks is how exposure to their friends' activities influences people's future actions. We consider a specific form of social influence, mimicry or copying others' actions, and propose a test to estimate the extent of influence in a sharing network. Our test assumes that non-friends are unlikely to exert any influence on a user's actions, and thus comparing the extent of correlation in activity of a user with her friends versus non-friends can be used to separate the effect of social influence from personal preferences. Unlike past tests for influence from observational data, our test relies only on available activity history of users and directly gives estimates of influence at both the individual and network level.

Experiments on a dataset from Last.fm show that the proposed test can rule out influence for a majority of friends' activities that correlate with each other.  To verify whether these results extend to other sites, we also applied our test to data from three other websites with preference data for books, movies and photos.  We find while the fraction of correlated actions between friends that could have happened without influence varies, influence estimates for all four websites fall  into a narrow range (0.3-0.7%), suggesting that only about one percent of the total user actions on such sharing networks can be attributed to social influence.
		


Estimating the causal impact of
recommender systems
                Amit Sharma, Jake Hofman and Duncan Watts
                In submission to WWW 2015 [Abstract] [PDF] [Web]
                Abstract: 
Recommendation systems are an increasingly prominent part of the web, accounting for up to a third of all traffic on several of the world's most popular sites.
Nevertheless, little is known about how much activity such systems cause over and above what would occur if recommendations were absent from these sites.
Although such questions about the causal impact of recommendations usually require costly experiments, here we present a method for estimating these effects from purely observational data.
Specifically, we show that causal identification is possible when a product experiences an instantaneous shock in direct traffic and the products recommended next to it do not.
We then apply our method to browsing logs containing anonymized activity for 2.1 million users on Amazon.com over an 9 month period and analyze over 1,000 unique products that experience such shocks.
We find that while ~30% of all views on these products do indeed come from recommendation click-throughs, at least 80% of this activity would likely occur in the absence of recommendations.
We conclude with a discussion about the assumptions under which the method is appropriate and caveats around extrapolating results to other products, sites, or settings.
		

Studying and modeling the connection between people's preferences and content sharing
                Amit Sharma and Dan Cosley
                CSCW 2015 [Abstract] [PDF] [Web]
                Abstract: 
	People regularly share items using online social media. However, people's decisions around sharing---who shares what to whom and why---are not well understood. We present a user study involving 87 pairs of Facebook users to understand how people make their sharing decisions. We find that even when sharing to a specific individual, people's own preference for an item (individuation) dominates over the recipient's preferences (altruism). People's open-ended responses about how they share, however, indicate that they do try to personalize shares based on the recipient. To explain these contrasting results, we propose a novel process model of sharing that takes into account people's preferences and the salience of an item. We also present encouraging results for a sharing prediction model that incorporates both the senders' and the recipients' preferences. These results suggest improvements to both algorithms that support sharing in social media and to information diffusion models. 	
		


Friends, strangers and the value of ego networks for recommendation
                Amit Sharma, Mevlana Gemici and Dan Cosley
                ICWSM 2013 [Abstract] [PDF] [Web]
                Abstract: Two main approaches to using social network information in recommendation have emerged: augmenting collaborative filtering with social data and algorithms that use only ego-centric data. We compare the two approaches using movie and music data from Facebook, and hashtag data from Twitter. We find that recommendation algorithms based only on friends perform no worse than those based on the full network, even though they require much less data and computational resources. Further, our evidence suggests that locality of preference, or the non-random distribution of item preferences in a social network, is a driving force behind the value of incorporating social network information into recommender algorithms. When locality is high, as in Twitter data, simple k-nn recommenders do better based only on friends than they do if they draw from the entire network. These results help us understand when, and why, social network information is likely to support recommendation systems, and show that systems that see ego-centric slices of a complete network (such as websites that use Facebook logins) or have computational limitations (such as mobile devices) may profitably use ego-centric recommendation algorithms.
                
            
            
                
Do social explanations work? Studying and modeling the effects of social explanations in recommender systems.
                Amit Sharma and Dan Cosley
                WWW 2013 [Abstract]
                [Details] [PDF] [Web]
                Abstract: Recommender systems associated with social networks often use social explanations (e.g. "X,Y and 2 friends like this") to support the recommendations.  We present a study of the effects of these social explanations in a music recommendation context. We start with an experiment with 237 users, in which we show explanations with varying levels of social information and analyze their effect on users' decisions.  We distinguish between two key decisions: the likelihood of checking out the recommended artist, and the actual rating of the artist once the user has listened to several songs.  We find that while the explanations do have some influence on the likelihood, there is little correlation between the likelihood and actual (listening) rating for the same artist. Based on these insights, we present a generative probabilistic model that explains the interplay between explanations and beckground information on music preferences, and how that leads to a final likelihood rating for an artist.  Acknowledging the impact of explanations, we discuss a general recommendation framework that models external informational elements in the recommendation interface, in addition to inherent preferences of users.


Pairwise learning in recommendation: Experiments with pairwise recommendation on LinkedIn
                Amit Sharma and Baoshi Yan
                ACM RecSys 2013 [Abstract]
                [Details] [PDF][Slides]
                Abstract: Many online systems present a list of recommendations and infer user interests implicitly from clicks or other contextual actions. For modeling user feedback in such settings, a common approach is to consider items acted upon to be relevant to the user, and irrelevant otherwise. However, clicking some but not others conveys an implicit ordering of the presented items. Pairwise learning, which leverages such implicit ordering between a pair of items, has been successful in areas such as search ranking. In this work, we study whether pairwise learning can improve community recommendation. We first present two novel pairwise models adapted from logistic regression. Both offline and online experiments in a large real-world setting show that incorporating pairwise learning improves the recommendation performance. However, the improvement is only slight. We find that users' preferences regarding the kinds of communities they like can differ greatly, which adversely affect the effectiveness of features derived from pairwise comparisons. We therefore propose a probabilistic latent semantic indexing model for pairwise learning (Pairwise PLSI), which assumes a set of users' latent preferences between pairs of items. Our experiments show favorable results for the Pairwise PLSI model and point to the potential of using pairwise learning for community recommendation.
                


Algorithms for generating ordered solutions for explicit AND/OR structures: Extended
abstract.
 
			    Priyankar Ghosh, Amit Sharma, Partha Pratim Chakrabarti, and Pallab Dasgupta.

			    IJCAI 2013 [Abstract] [PDF]
			    Abstract: We present algorithms for generating alternative
solutions for explicit acyclic AND/OR structures in
non-decreasing order of cost. Our algorithms use a
best first search technique and report the solutions
using an implicit representation ordered by cost.
Experiments on randomly constructed AND/OR
DAGs and problem domains including matrix chain
multiplication, finding the secondary structure of
RNA, etc, show that the proposed algorithms per-
form favorably to the existing approach in terms of
time and space.



Network-centric recommendation: Personalization with and in social networks 
			    Amit Sharma and Dan Cosley
			    IEEE SocialCom 2011 [Abstract] [PDF] [IEEE]
			    Abstract: People often rely on the collective intelligence of their social network for making choices, which in turn influences their preferences and decisions.  However, traditional recommender systems largely ignore social context, and even network-aware recommenders don't explicitly support social goals and concerns such as shared consumption and identity management.  We present relevant theories and research questions for a more \emph{network-centric} approach to recommendations and introduce PopCore, a platform for studying them in Facebook. An initial 50-user study with PopCore gives insights into tradeoffs around the popularity, likeability, and rateability of recommendations made by a set of network-centric algorithms and to people's thoughts about the idea of network-centric recommendation.


ReComp: QoS-aware recursive service composition at minimum cost.
			    Vimmi Jaiswal, Amit Sharma and Akshat Verma
			    IEEE IM, May 2011 [PDF]
                
Journal Papers


Algorithms for generating ordered solutions for explicit AND/OR structures
                P. Ghosh, A. Sharma, P. P. Chakrabarti, and P. Dasgupta
                JAIR, Volume 44, 2012[ACM]
                

Workload management for power efficiency in virtualized data centers
			    G. Dasgupta, A. Sharma, A. Verma, A. Neogi and R. Kothari
			    Communications of the ACM, Volume 54, 2011[ACM]
                

Workshop and Demos


Personalization in social networks: Modeling the underlying social
processes 
 
			    Amit Sharma
			    Data Design for Personalization Workshop, WSDM, 2014 [Abstract] [PDF]
			    Abstract: 


 A research platform for recommendation within social networks.
 
			    Amit Sharma
			    Recommender Systems and the Social Web Workshop, ACM RecSys, 2013 [Abstract] [PDF]
			    Abstract: 


PopCore: A system for network-centric recommendation. 
			    Amit Sharma
			    CSCW, 2013 [Abstract] [PDF]
			    Abstract: 


PopCore: A system for network-centric recommendations 
			    Amit Sharma, Meethu Malu and Dan Cosley
			    Recommender Systems and the Social Web Workshop, ACM RecSys 2011 [Abstract] [PDF]
			    Abstract: In this paper we explore the idea of network-centric recommendations.
In contrast to individually-oriented recommendations enabled by social network
data, a network-centric approach to recommendations introduces new goals such as
effective information exchange, enabling shared experiences, and supporting
user-initiated suggestions in addition to conventional goals like recommendation
accuracy. We are building a Facebook application, PopCore, to study how to
support these goals in a real network, using recommendations in the
entertainment domain. We describe the design and implementation of the system
and initial experiments. We end with a discussion on a set of possible research
questions and short-term goals for the system.


Patents


Filed as a co-inventor for Google Inc.

[Details to be made available once accepted.]
                November 2013
  

Honors and Awards


Yahoo! Key Scientific Challenges (KSC) Award, 2012.


Selected for the NSF Summer Social Webshop on Technology-Mediated Social Participation, University of Maryland, 2012.


Selected to attend the “Making sense of social media” summer school at the Leibniz Graduate School for Knowledge Media Research, Tubingen, Germany, 2011.


Computer Science Fellowship, Cornell University, 2010.


University Finalist for Microsoft Firenze Innovation Competition at Cornell, 2010.


Honda Young Engineer and Scientist (YES) India Award, 2009. Awarded to 10 students in India.


Jagadis Bose National Science Talent Search Scholarship (JBNSTS), 2007.


















Egocentric Networks
                        & Recommendation
Effect of Social Explanations











Datasets for social recommendation and diffusion
		When I started working on recommendations within social networks, there were not many datasets available that had both social connections and people's preferences. Even the ones that existed were hard to find, so I am listing out relevant datasets that are useful for studying people's preferences in social networks and designing social recommender systems.

			Domain-specific social networks

 Flickr social network with photo favorites 
				[Data | Paper]
			
 Flixster social network with movie ratings 
				 [ Data | Paper] 
			
 Goodreads social network with book ratings 
				[Data | Paper] 
			

General-purpose social networks

 Twitter social network with hashtag usage 
				[Data | Paper]
			
 Twitter social network with URL retweets 
				[Data | Paper]
			
 Facebook social network with movie Likes
				[Data | Paper]
				
			
 Facebook social network with music Likes
				[Data | Paper]
			








Contact Me




Send Message




Get in Touch

Cornell UniversityIthaca, NY
(607) 527 0057
My email

Some links I like


Favorite Tweets by
                    @amt_shrma



















