


Stocks Index - Markets Index
























X

Tweet
 

Share this bulletin

Get news bulletins by email

Bulletin

Pentagon confirms detection of North Korea missile launch Friday »
        




Investor Alert







New York Markets Close in:



Market Snapshot
Winners and Losers
















Stocks
Rates
Funds
Bonds
Benchmarks
Real Estate Investment Trusts
Futures
American Depository Receipt Stocks
Exchange Traded Notes
Warrants
Indexes
Exchange Traded Funds
Currencies
Crypto Currencies

Browse Stocks
Stocks A-Z


0-9ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZOther

Browse by Location

Argentina
Australia
Austria
Bahamas
Bahrain
Belgium
Bermuda
Botswana
Brazil
British Virgin Islands
Canada
Cayman Islands
Chile
China
Colombia
Curacao
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Egypt
Estonia
Finland
France
Germany
Gibraltar
Greece
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Ireland
Isle of Man
Israel
Italy
Japan
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kuwait
Latvia
Lebanon
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Malaysia
Malta
Mauritius
Mexico
Monaco
Money Rates
Morocco
Namibia
Netherlands
New Zealand
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Panama
Peru
Philippines
Poland
Portugal
Qatar
Romania
Russia
Saudi Arabia
Singapore
Slovakia
Slovenia
South Africa
South Korea
Spain
Sri Lanka
Sweden
Switzerland
Taiwan
Thailand
Tunisia
Turkey
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United States
Venezuela
Western Samoa












Log In




11:55 AM EDT
July 28, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Open


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
11:51aA global investment strategist offers up a summer reading list to make you a better investor
11:51aThis fund strategist says there’s at least one way companies can survive Amazon’s onslaught
11:50aWells Fargo: FDA plan to lower nicotine could be opportunity for Altria, Philip Morris
11:49aHere’s one Trump fan who might make you some money
11:49aWhat the solar eclipse on Aug. 21 will mean for stocks
11:48aYou’ll save money on gas with the Tesla Model 3, but you may end up paying more elsewhere
11:47aSurprise: Those ‘great’ companies generally turn out to be meh ... or duds
11:47aThis quant pro and card counter says gambling can make you a better investor
11:45aWatch out: ‘Kids’ are making the most money in this stock market 
11:45aThis basic balanced index fund is beating the hedge fund averages
11:42aGold prices trade near session highs after reports of missile test in North Korea
11:42aAug. gold climbs by $8.70, or 0.7%, to $1,268.70/oz
11:40aWeekend roundup: Amazon’s spending | Surviving Amazon |  Caterpillar’s comeback
11:37aTesla’s Model 3 will be launched with panache--and a party--later Friday
11:35aWhat we can learn about dealing with setbacks at work from the Obamacare repeal failure
11:35aWhite House should tighten sanctions on North Korea, experts say
11:27aWhat is an ICO?
11:22aOne way you’re paying credit-card fees, even if you don’t have a card
11:18aStock market edges lower, on track for weekly losses 
11:18aOil sets sights on biggest weekly gain of the year
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,795.99

-0.56
0.00%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,362.09

-20.09
-0.31%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,469.17

-6.25
-0.25%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15
















































﻿






























Sharps Compliance Corp (SMED) Expected to Post Earnings of $0.05 Per Share - Chaffey Breeze













































 
















 



  
 
 
























Daily Ratings & News for Sharps Compliance Corp

        
	Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Sharps Compliance Corp with our free daily email newsletter:










Follow @chaffeybreeze












Recent Posts

Cytori Therapeutics Inc (NASDAQ:CYTX) Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research
Sharps Compliance Corp (SMED) Expected to Post Earnings of $0.05 Per Share
Cotiviti Holdings Inc (COTV) Expected to Post Earnings of $0.32 Per Share
Head to Head Review: Social Reality (SCRI) & XO Group (XOXO)
Masonite International Corporation (DOOR) versus Real Goods Solar (NASDAQ:RGSE) Critical Analysis
GCP Applied Technologies (GCP) & Summit Materials (NYSE:SUM) Head to Head Contrast
Analyzing Southwest Airlines (LUV) and Allegiant Travel (NASDAQ:ALGT)
Arotech Corporation (ARTX) Downgraded to Hold at Zacks Investment Research
Amyris, Inc. (AMRS) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research
CVR Energy Inc. (CVI) Given Consensus Recommendation of “” by Analysts
Zacks: Brokerages Expect National CineMedia, Inc. (NCMI) to Post $0.05 Earnings Per Share
Francesca’s Holdings Corporation (FRAN) Receives Consensus Rating of “Hold” from Analysts
Reinsurance Group of America, Incorporated (NYSE:RGA) Receives $122.44 Consensus Price Target from Analysts
StoneCastle Financial Corp (BANX) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research
Zacks Investment Research Upgrades Bank of Commerce Holdings (CA) (BOCH) to “Hold”
CBS Corporation (CBS) EVP Sells $520,891.26 in Stock
Zacks Investment Research Upgrades Churchill Downs, Incorporated (CHDN) to Hold
Cidara Therapeutics, Inc. (CDTX) Raised to “Buy” at Zacks Investment Research
Insider Selling: Boston Scientific Corporation (BSX) CFO Sells 92,158 Shares of Stock
Rajiv Ramaswami Sells 20,457 Shares of Vmware, Inc. (VMW) Stock







Sharps Compliance Corp (SMED) Expected to Post Earnings of $0.05 Per Share


					Posted by Joanna Charbonneau on Jul 22nd, 2017 // No Comments




Analysts expect Sharps Compliance Corp (NASDAQ:SMED) to announce $0.05 earnings per share (EPS) for the current quarter, Zacks Investment Research reports. Four analysts have provided estimates for Sharps Compliance Corp’s earnings, with estimates ranging from $0.04 to $0.06. Sharps Compliance Corp posted earnings of $0.02 per share in the same quarter last year, which suggests a positive year over year growth rate of 150%. The company is scheduled to report its next earnings report  on Wednesday, August 9th.
On average, analysts expect that Sharps Compliance Corp will report full year earnings of ($0.06) per share for the current year, with EPS estimates ranging from ($0.08) to ($0.01). For the next fiscal year, analysts anticipate that the company will report earnings of $0.10 per share, with EPS estimates ranging from $0.04 to $0.12. Zacks’ earnings per share calculations are an average based on a survey of sell-side research firms that cover Sharps Compliance Corp.


 Get Sharps Compliance Corp alerts:



Sharps Compliance Corp (NASDAQ:SMED) last announced its quarterly earnings results on Wednesday, April 26th. The industrial products company reported ($0.04) earnings per share for the quarter, missing the consensus estimate of ($0.03) by $0.01. The company had revenue of $8.59 million for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $8.38 million. Sharps Compliance Corp had a negative return on equity of 3.66% and a negative net margin of 4.47%. Sharps Compliance Corp’s revenue for the quarter was up 29.2% on a year-over-year basis. During the same period in the prior year, the business posted ($0.07) earnings per share. 





Separately, Zacks Investment Research cut shares of Sharps Compliance Corp from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a report on Wednesday, March 29th.
Shares of Sharps Compliance Corp (SMED) traded up 0.93% during midday trading on Wednesday, reaching $4.33. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 27,074 shares. Sharps Compliance Corp has a 52 week low of $3.32 and a 52 week high of $5.87. The company has a 50 day moving average of $4.14 and a 200-day moving average of $4.37. The stock’s market capitalization is $69.31 million. 
Large investors have recently made changes to their positions in the stock. Goodman Financial Corp boosted its stake in shares of  Sharps Compliance Corp by 5.0% in the first quarter. Goodman Financial Corp now owns 927,955 shares of the industrial products company’s stock worth $4,417,000 after buying an additional 44,506 shares during the last quarter.  Lapides Asset Management LLC boosted its stake in shares of  Sharps Compliance Corp by 18.5% in the first quarter. Lapides Asset Management LLC now owns 168,800 shares of the industrial products company’s stock worth $803,000 after buying an additional 26,400 shares during the last quarter.  Mesirow Financial Investment Management Equity Management boosted its stake in shares of  Sharps Compliance Corp by 32.5% in the first quarter. Mesirow Financial Investment Management Equity Management now owns 57,013 shares of the industrial products company’s stock worth $272,000 after buying an additional 13,972 shares during the last quarter.  Finally, Cadence Capital Management LLC boosted its stake in shares of  Sharps Compliance Corp by 4.1% in the first quarter. Cadence Capital Management LLC now owns 168,590 shares of the industrial products company’s stock worth $802,000 after buying an additional 6,710 shares during the last quarter. 26.22% of the stock is owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. 
TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: “Sharps Compliance Corp (SMED) Expected to Post Earnings of $0.05 Per Share” was originally  reported by Chaffey Breeze and is owned by of Chaffey Breeze. If you are viewing this news story on another site, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of international trademark & copyright laws. The legal version of this news story can be read at https://www.chaffeybreeze.com/2017/07/22/sharps-compliance-corp-smed-expected-to-post-earnings-of-0-05-per-share-updated.html. 
About Sharps Compliance Corp
Sharps Compliance Corp. is a provider of waste management services, including medical, pharmaceutical and hazardous. The Company’s solutions include Sharps Recovery System, TakeAway Medication Recovery System, MedSafe, Route-Based Pickup Service, TakeAway Recycle System, ComplianceTRAC, Universal Waste Shipback Systems and Other Solutions.
Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on Sharps Compliance Corp (SMED)
For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com






Receive News & Ratings for Sharps Compliance Corp Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Sharps Compliance Corp and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.








 






















Latest News





Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name  (Required) 



Mail (will not be published)  (Required) 



Website












 

 




















































						EPS for Sharps Compliance Corp. (SMED) Expected At $0.05, Last Week EPAM Systems (EPAM) Analysts - Bibey Post								





























 























































Trending Stock News
Penny Stock News
Market News
Stock News






EPS for Sharps Compliance Corp. (SMED) Expected At $0.05, Last Week EPAM Systems (EPAM) Analysts


					
						July 27, 2017 - By Winifred Garcia


 Analysts expect Sharps Compliance Corp. (NASDAQ:SMED) to report $0.05 EPS on August, 9.They anticipate $0.03 EPS change or 150.00% from last quarter’s $0.02 EPS. SMED’s profit would be $800,333 giving it 22.50 P/E if the $0.05 EPS is correct. After having $-0.04 EPS previously, Sharps Compliance Corp.’s analysts see -225.00% EPS growth. About 37,168 shares traded or 130.19% up from the average. Sharps Compliance Corp. (NASDAQ:SMED) has risen 1.67% since July 27, 2016 and is uptrending. It has underperformed by 15.03% the S&P500.







Among 13 analysts covering EPAM Systems (NYSE:EPAM), 12 have Buy rating, 0 Sell and 1 Hold. Therefore 92% are positive. EPAM Systems had 22 analyst reports since August 6, 2015 according to SRatingsIntel. The stock of EPAM Systems Inc (NYSE:EPAM) earned “Buy” rating by Needham on Tuesday, November 8. As per Thursday, November 19, the company rating was maintained by Needham. Monness Crespi & Hardt upgraded it to “Buy” rating and $75 target in Thursday, October 20 report. As per Friday, May 6, the company rating was upgraded by Barclays Capital. Cowen & Co initiated EPAM Systems Inc (NYSE:EPAM) rating on Friday, February 19. Cowen & Co has “Outperform” rating and $80 target. On Thursday, March 9 the stock rating was maintained by Monness Crespi with “Buy”. The rating was maintained by Cantor Fitzgerald on Friday, May 5 with “Buy”. The firm earned “Buy” rating on Friday, May 27 by Citigroup. Monness Crespi maintained the shares of EPAM in report on Wednesday, May 10 with “Buy” rating. Wedbush maintained the shares of EPAM in report on Monday, May 8 with “Outperform” rating. See EPAM Systems Inc (NYSE:EPAM) latest ratings:
10/05/2017 Broker: Monness Crespi Rating: Buy Old Target: $82.00 New Target: $91.00 Maintain08/05/2017 Broker: Wedbush Rating: Outperform Old Target: $82.00 New Target: $90.00 Maintain05/05/2017 Broker: Cantor Fitzgerald Rating: Buy New Target: $78.00 Maintain07/04/2017 Broker: Credit Suisse Rating: Outperform New Target: $90.00 Initiates Coverage On09/03/2017 Broker: Monness Crespi Rating: Buy Old Target: $75.00 New Target: $82.00 Maintain17/02/2017 Broker: Needham Rating: Buy Old Target: $75 New Target: $82 Maintain
EPAM Systems, Inc. is a g provider of software product development and digital platform engineering services to clients located primarily in North America, Europe, Asia and Australia. The company has market cap of $4.48 billion. The Company’s service offerings cover the full software product development lifecycle from digital strategy and customer experience design to enterprise application platforms implementation and program management services and from complex software development services to maintenance, support, custom application development, application testing, and infrastructure management. It has a 46.75 P/E ratio. The Company’s service offerings include Software Product Development Services, Custom Application Development Services, Application Testing Services, Enterprise Application Platforms, Application Maintenance and Support, and Infrastructure Management Services.
Investors sentiment increased to 0.88 in 2016 Q4. Its up 0.09, from 0.79 in 2016Q3. It is positive, as 33 investors sold EPAM Systems Inc shares while 66 reduced holdings. 29 funds opened positions while 58 raised stakes. 45.48 million shares or 4.71% less from 47.73 million shares in 2016Q3 were reported. Sg Americas holds 0% of its portfolio in EPAM Systems Inc (NYSE:EPAM) for 2,998 shares. State Common Retirement Fund has invested 0% of its portfolio in EPAM Systems Inc (NYSE:EPAM). Com National Bank reported 6,591 shares stake. Blackrock Investment Limited Liability Company has 0.01% invested in EPAM Systems Inc (NYSE:EPAM) for 180,041 shares. Nomura accumulated 4,423 shares. Ftb Advsr owns 225 shares. Herndon Mgmt Lc holds 415 shares. Tudor Investment Corporation Et Al reported 7,219 shares stake. Gilder Gagnon Howe And Communication Ltd has invested 0.8% in EPAM Systems Inc (NYSE:EPAM). Emerald Mutual Fund Advisers Trust reported 363,477 shares. Principal Financial Grp owns 6,790 shares. Paloma Mgmt Co holds 0.01% of its portfolio in EPAM Systems Inc (NYSE:EPAM) for 16,532 shares. 582,851 are held by Wasatch. Fmr Ltd Liability Corp owns 0.03% invested in EPAM Systems Inc (NYSE:EPAM) for 3.08 million shares. 17,850 were reported by Cs Mckee L P.
Since March 3, 2017, it had 0 insider buys, and 9 sales for $8.87 million activity. 5,000 shares valued at $375,482 were sold by Dobkin Arkadiy on Monday, April 10. On Thursday, June 1 the insider Mosier Ginger sold $2.23M. Shekhter Elaina had sold 2,875 shares worth $231,808 on Friday, May 12. Shares for $2.90M were sold by Fejes Balazs on Monday, June 5.
 About 27,396 shares traded. EPAM Systems Inc (NYSE:EPAM) has risen 15.98% since July 27, 2016 and is uptrending. It has underperformed by 0.72% the S&P500.
Sharps Compliance Corp. is a provider of waste management services, including medical, pharmaceutical and hazardous. The company has market cap of $72.03 million. The Company’s solutions include Sharps Recovery System, TakeAway Medication Recovery System, MedSafe, Route-Based Pickup Service, TakeAway Recycle System, ComplianceTRAC, Universal Waste Shipback Systems and Other Solutions. It currently has negative earnings. The Company’s solutions facilitate the collection, containment, transportation and treatment of various types of healthcare-related materials, including hypodermic needles, lancets and other devices or objects used to puncture or lacerate the skin, or sharps, hazardous waste and unused consumer dispensed medications and over-the-counter drugs.
Investors sentiment increased to 1.45 in Q4 2016. Its up 0.80, from 0.65 in 2016Q3. It improved, as 2 investors sold Sharps Compliance Corp. shares while 9 reduced holdings. 5 funds opened positions while 11 raised stakes. 3.99 million shares or 5.10% more from 3.80 million shares in 2016Q3 were reported. Renaissance Technologies Ltd Company stated it has 0% in Sharps Compliance Corp. (NASDAQ:SMED). California Pub Employees Retirement Systems holds 29,600 shares. Moreover, Anderson Hoagland & has 0.16% invested in Sharps Compliance Corp. (NASDAQ:SMED) for 73,785 shares. 18,000 were accumulated by Malaga Cove Cap Ltd Liability Company. The United Kingdom-based Gsa Capital Llp has invested 0.02% in Sharps Compliance Corp. (NASDAQ:SMED). Barnett And Company Incorporated holds 0% or 900 shares in its portfolio. Hanson Mcclain has 0% invested in Sharps Compliance Corp. (NASDAQ:SMED). National Bank & Trust Of New York Mellon Corp has invested 0% of its portfolio in Sharps Compliance Corp. (NASDAQ:SMED). Blackrock Fund Advsrs, California-based fund reported 33,729 shares. Heartland Advisors holds 600,000 shares or 0.13% of its portfolio. Thompson Davis & has invested 0.06% in Sharps Compliance Corp. (NASDAQ:SMED). Neuberger Berman Grp Limited Co invested in 81,432 shares or 0% of the stock. Ingalls & Snyder Limited Liability Company has 0.01% invested in Sharps Compliance Corp. (NASDAQ:SMED). Morgan Stanley reported 0% in Sharps Compliance Corp. (NASDAQ:SMED). Mesirow Financial Inv Management reported 43,041 shares.
Among 2 analysts covering Sharps Compliance (NASDAQ:SMED), 1 have Buy rating, 0 Sell and 1 Hold. Therefore 50% are positive. Sharps Compliance had 3 analyst reports since September 23, 2015 according to SRatingsIntel. The stock has “Buy” rating by Stifel Nicolaus on Wednesday, July 19. First Analysis downgraded Sharps Compliance Corp. (NASDAQ:SMED) on Friday, August 12 to “Equal-Weight” rating. The firm has “Buy” rating by Stifel Nicolaus given on Wednesday, September 23.








By Winifred Garcia
Echostar Corporation-Receive News & Ratings Via Email - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings with our FREE daily email newsletter.








 

 




 
Free Newsletter Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for your stocks with our FREE daily email newsletter:






  Recent Posts 

$0.04 EPS Expected for TechTarget (TTGT), 1 Analysts Are Bullish Teradata (TDC) Last Week


Altisource Portfolio Solutions S.A. (ASPS) Reaches $26.06 After 8.00% Down Move, XG Tech (XGTI) Shorts Decreased By 11.28%


Total Energy Services (TOT) EPS Estimated At $-0.03; Towle & Co Lifted Its Meritor (MTOR) Position


Columbia Wanger Asset Management Has Upped Its Ultimate Software Group Inc/The (ULTI) Holding, Employees Retirement System Of Texas Lowered By $1.58 Million Its Commvault Systems (CVLT) Position


Clovis Capital Management LP Has Decreased Colony Cap (CLNY) Position By $18.00 Million; Scharf Investments Cut By $5.02 Million Its Dollar Gen New (DG) Holding


Haverford Trust Company Has Cut Its Twenty (FOX) Holding, Polen Capital Management Has Raised Its O Reilly Automotive New (ORLY) Position


Canaccord Genuity Reaffirms a Buy Rating on Versartis (VSAR) and $28.0000 Target; 5 Analysts Covering Republic Services, Inc. (RSG)


Roth Capital Reaffirms a Buy Rating on Dynamic Materials (BOOM) and $18.5000 Target; Zeke Capital Advisors Lifted By $932,165 Its Qualcomm Com (QCOM) Holding


$0.03 EPS Expected for Freehold Royalties Ltd (FRU), Alphaone Investment Services Raised By $807,300 Its Invacare (IVC) Holding


EPS for CHINOOK ENERGY INC. (CKE) Expected At $-0.01; WATER TECHN INDUSTRIES (WTII) Shorts Raised By 16.34%







© Copyright 2015-2017 Bibey Post Inc - bibeypost.com       About - Our Team - Contact

















SharpsTracer Online Manifest and Proof of Treatment







 















Home
Contact
Request New Service
My Cart



























Menu
Search
Account
Cart





SERVICES
MARKETS SERVED
STORE
CUSTOMER CENTER
BLOG
LOGIN





















SharpsTracer








Home
Customer Center
SharpsTracer











 


















SharpsTracer is an interactive web-based tracking and analytical program for Sharps Compliance customers. SharpsTracer allows customers to track and verify the receipt and treatment of returned materials as required by certain state and federal regulations, while eliminating the need for paper-based manifest tracking. Documentation may be maintained in your unique SharpsTracer account or printed.
SHARPSTRACER LOGIN



SHARPSTRACER FEATURES



Secure user name/password protection
Interface easily with other IT systems
Search by manifest or serial number
Sort and filter options
Create custom reports




PDF data reporting
Detailed analytical charts
Individual account generation (by location)
Proof of treatment




To request a SharpsTracer account, click here, to complete and submit a New User Registration Request form. Additionally, an account may be requested by contacting Customer Support at 800-772-5657, by faxing to 713-432-0555 or via email to sharps@sharpsinc.com.






SharpsTracer
ComplianceTrac
Asset Return
Schedule Pickup
Regulatory Compliance
Training Videos
Returns & Warranty



















Medical Waste Disposal | Biohazardous & Sharps Disposal







 















Home
Contact
Request New Service
My Cart



























Menu
Search
Account
Cart





SERVICES
MARKETS SERVED
STORE
CUSTOMER CENTER
BLOG
LOGIN





















Medical Waste Disposal








Home
Services
Medical Waste Disposal











 




The proper management of regulated medical waste (also referred to as biohazardous waste, biomedical waste, sharps waste or infectious waste) generated in healthcare facilities and commercial businesses is critical not only to avoid regulatory fines but also to prevent the spread of infectious diseases. Sharps and soft wastes (red bag waste), those saturated with blood or certain other body fluids, must be adequately handled, contained, stored, shipped and treated following all local, state and federal regulations. Working with an experienced and specialized medical waste management company that provides compliant systems and training ensures regulatory compliance.
Sharps Compliance is an industry leader with over twenty years of experience managing comprehensive medical waste removal programs for health care facilities and commercial businesses nationwide. We specialize in small to mid-size medical waste generators and offer affordable options for both sharps disposal mailback and medical waste pickup service. Our Medical Waste Management Experts will develop a program to match your healthcare facility's needs. We develop programs for single locations (dental, veterinarian, skilled nursing, medical offices, and more) or chains with hundreds of locations.
We manage medical waste removal programs for small to mid-size generators such as:



Dental Offices
Veterinarian Clinics
Medical Offices




Retail Clinics
Urgent Care Centers
Long Term Care Facilities




Home Infusion
Commercial Buildings
Hospitality





Biohazardous Containment & Storage
Individual state regulations, as well as volumes, usage, types of wastes, locations and mounting requirements, dictate container selection.  Our sharps mailback systems include puncture-resistant, leak-proof sharps containers. We also offer systems designed to hold filled sharps containers and bags of soft waste. Our systems include the plastic container, prepaid shipping box, bag liners and tracking forms and meet or exceed all applicable regulations. In addition to our sharps mailback systems, we provide standard sharps containers for use with pickup or within our larger mailback systems.

RightClassification
It is important for healthcare facilities to train employees on RightClassification - proper segregation of waste types and minimization to reduce over-classifying of waste. Over-classifying includes placing items into the medical waste that can go into the trash. Sharps prides itself on helping you to Right Classify your waste to reduce unnecessary costs.


Packaging & Transportation
Sharps Compliance provides the best in USPS-authorized medical waste mailback services for small to mid-size generators. When facilities generate larger quantities of biohazard waste that is not efficiently manageable with mailback, we offer a pickup service. This blended service model permits Sharps Compliance to match the right service at each location, resulting in cost-effective and efficient management programs.

Medical Waste & Sharps Disposal Mailback Service

Our medical waste & sharps disposal mailback systems offer the best in convenience and regulatory compliance and are available in a vast array of configurations to meet any facility need. All Sharps' systems pass rigorous testing for USPS approval for safe transport of regulated medical waste (UN3291). All biohazard mailback systems include a primary collection container, prepaid return shipping box, components to package for transport, waste manifest tracking form, instructions for use, proper treatment and online documentation of treated waste. All systems are uniquely serialized for tracking and provide complete cradle-to-grave compliance with local, state and federal regulations. Visit our  online store  for all mailback systems.

Medical Waste Pickup Service
Sharps Compliance owns and operates medical waste pickup services in fifteen states with a robust network to expand coverage nationwide. Biohazardous pickup services are vital for healthcare facilities that generate larger volumes of medical waste not suitable for mailback.When sharps mailback service is not the best fit for a location, typically due to volume, we provide a route-based biohazardous waste disposal pickup service.

Our unique ability to blend services of both sharps mailback and biohazardous waste pickup offers our customers the best in accessibility and pricing. We deliver the same regulatory compliance assurances to both pickup and mailback locations, ensuring DOT standards, proper treatment and online documentation of treated waste is available. 



Want to save on medical waste pickup?
Check availability in your area, or call (800) 772-5657


  Check Availability




Treatment
Sharps Compliance treats all waste responsibly and following all applicable regulations. In most cases, we autoclave the waste and then repurpose it into a new resource, thereby avoiding placing treated containers into a landfill.


SharpsTracer
Our online medical waste tracking and documentation portal offer customers access to all waste manifest documents 24/7/365. This service is offered free of charge with no bookkeeping or records management fees like other companies charge.




 Medical Waste
 Pharmaceutical Waste
 Hazardous Waste
 Universal Waste
 Incineration & Treatment
 Compliance & Training




Request a Free Quote for Your office.


We respect your privacy. We promise to never share your information with a third party.










REGULATED MEDICAL WASTE FAQS

WHO REGULATES MEDICAL WASTE DISPOSAL?


The disposal of medical waste is regulated at the state and sometimes local level. Our state map links to the various regulations. State and local regulations typically pertain to the labeling, containment, storage, transportation and treatment of medical waste. Some states require the generator to register with the state and maintain medical waste management plans. The transportation of medical waste is also regulated by USPS for mailbacks and DOT for pickup services. The EPA as well as state agencies regulates the treatment and environmental safety at treatment facilities. OSHA and CDC are responsible for identification and employee safe handling of medical waste as well as labeling and containment. OSHA requires bloodborne pathogens exposure control plans and training which is typically where medical waste management is addressed.  *It is important to check with your state, as some require generators to register and have other state-specific requirements.


WILL I HAVE TO CHANGE HOW I MANAGE MY WASTE WITH MAILBACK? 


No. You will manage your sharps and red bag medical waste following the same facility protocols currently in place. With mailback there is very little difference than what you do today: 1) collect waste, 2) package transport box, 3) complete and sign the manifest tracking form and 4) send for proper treatment. The only difference is the transporter. Also, you can manage your waste on your own time with a mailback as it is simply placed in the mail when ready instead of waiting for a driver to come pick it up.


HOW DO I GET A SHARPSTRACER ACCOUNT? 


Simply contact our customer support team for a user name and password. You can access SharpsTracer at www.sharpstracer.com.


WHICH MAILBACK SHOULD I USE FOR MY FACILITY? 


We carry the largest selection of USPS-authorized mailback systems available. Simply locate the size sharps containers you are currently using at your facility. Next, match them to a similar size of our systems in our online store. We have systems that include a single sharps container and mailback box; systems that include multiple sharps containers in one mailback box; and medical professional systems which include a large container and mailback box used to hold your own sharps containers and red bag waste. Shipping and disposal/treatment for all systems is prepaid and includes the tracking documentation required by many states. If you have questions regarding the right system for your facility, contact us at 800.772.5657 and let our Medical Waste Management Experts help select the appropriate system for your needs.












Discover the Sharps Compliance Difference.
Customers save 35% on average. Request a free quote, or call (800) 772-5657


Request a Free Quote















Hazardous Waste Services | RCRA Pharmaceutical Wastes







 















Home
Contact
Request New Service
My Cart



























Menu
Search
Account
Cart





SERVICES
MARKETS SERVED
STORE
CUSTOMER CENTER
BLOG
LOGIN





















Hazardous Waste Services








Home
Services
Hazardous Waste Services











 




Many facilities receive fines for improper management of hazardous waste. These fines are often due to improper waste determination. Instead of making the determination on site, facilities will ship wastes to a central location for determination which bypasses the site determination requirements. These wastes regulated under the Resource Conservation Recovery Act (RCRA) can include pharmaceuticals, shampoos, cleaning agents and other chemicals. Hazardous waste also includes items that have been returned by customers such as nail polish, glue and other commonly used personal care products. 
In addition, storage of wastes can be mismanaged. Many aspects of waste regulations, including storage, are determined by generator classification which includes Large Quantity Generator (LQG), Small Quantity Generator (SQG) or Conditionally Exempt Small Quantity Generator (CESQG). When waste storage limits are met, if the waste is not transported for treatment, the facility risks moving to a higher generator classification, which results in increased regulations including documentation. 






Determination
Help generators determine if the waste meets RCRAâs definitions of P-listed, F-listed or U-listed, or if it exhibits waste characteristics. 


Storage
Implement a program with containment solutions that promote compliance with both EPA and DOT regulations on storage volumes and time limits.




Transportation
Determine cost-effective methods for transporting waste based on regulations and waste type. Transportation is a major cost factor.


Treatment
Ensure regulatory-compliant treatment or recycling when applicable. In order to meet your facilityâs cradle to grave responsibility, proof of final treatment is available for your records.





Hazardous waste management programs for CESQG & SQG, such as:



Retailers
Retail Pharmacies
Long Term Care Facilities




Compounding Pharmacies
Dental Offices
Medical Offices




 Veterinarian Clinics 
Retail Clincis
Schools and Universities







Medical Waste
Pharmaceutical Waste
Hazardous Waste
Universal Waste
Incineration & Treatment
Compliance & Training




Waste Management
Got questions? Request more information from our team on your specific needs.


We respect your privacy. We promise to never share your information with a third party.









HAZARDOUS WASTE FAQS

WHAT IS HAZARDOUS WASTE?


Products and materials are considered hazardous wastes when discarded or as the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) defines it, "no longer of value." This could occur when the material has expired as is the case with drugs; or when it is no longer needed, as with mercury-containing thermostats. The EPA developed four lists of specific  wastes (Listed Wastes) and four types of wastes with defining characteristics (Characteristic Wastes) to help determine specific hazards.


WHAT ARE LISTED WASTES? 


K-Listed wastes are source-specific and generally not found in healthcare facilities.
F-Listed wastes are non-specific source wastes and may be present in healthcare facility morgues or maintenance shops.
P-Listed wastes are acutely toxic and include multiple pharmaceuticals and other materials found in healthcare facilities. Examples of P-Listed wastes:

 Warfarin & salts (concentration > 0.3%)
 Epinephrine
 Nicotine & salts
 Physostigmine

U-Listed wastes are toxic and include many pharmaceuticals and other materials such as commercial chemical products used in healthcare facilities. Examples of U-Listed wastes in the healthcare setting are (but not limited to):

 Reserpine
 Warfarin (concentration ≤ 0.3%)
 Acetyl Chloride
 Ethyl Ether



WHAT ARE CHARACTERISTICS WASTES? 


Characteristic Wastes are wastes that do not fall under any of the listed wastes but that exhibit the characteristics of:

 Ignitability - wastes that can readily catch fire and maintain combustion
 Corrosivity - wastes that are acidic or alkaline (basic)
 Reactivity - wastes that readily explode or undergo violent reactions or react by releasing toxic gases or fumes
 Toxicity - wastes likely to leach dangerous concentrations of toxic chemicals into groundwater













Discover the Sharps Compliance Difference.
Customers save 35% on average. Request a free quote, or call (800) 772-5657


Request a Free Quote















Pharmaceutical Waste Solutions | Medication Disposal







 















Home
Contact
Request New Service
My Cart



























Menu
Search
Account
Cart





SERVICES
MARKETS SERVED
STORE
CUSTOMER CENTER
BLOG
LOGIN





















Pharmaceutical Waste Solutions








Home
Services
Pharmaceutical Waste Solutions











 




Since 2009, Sharps Compliance has pioneered unused medication disposal solutions for consumers (ultimate users) with the TakeAway Environmental Return System™. We have safely collected and treated over 800,000 pounds of unused medications, removing them from homes and preventing circulation into water supplies. Now, with the release of the updated DEA rules enacting the Secure and Responsible Drug Disposal Act of 2010 (Disposal Act), Sharps Compliance introduces two new solutions (MedSafe® & TakeAway Medication Recovery System™) for the disposal of unused or expired medication, including controlled substances (schedules II-V.) In addition to ultimate user medication disposal, Sharps Compliance can manage pharmaceutical disposal programs for healthcare facilities, retail pharmacies, reverse distributors, clinical trials and pharmaceutical wholesalers. We offer pure destruction services for non-hazardous pharmaceuticals and a mix of mailback and pickup services for RCRA hazardous pharmaceuticals. Contact us today at 800.772.5657 for more information on service options.



MedSafe Medication Disposal

Our patent-pending MedSafe solution combines the design of the industry's best collection receptacles used in law enforcement for years with the logistics and treatment capabilities of Sharps Compliance. MedSafe is designed for retail pharmacies, long-term care facilities (LTCF), hospitals or clinics with onsite pharmacies, narcotics treatment centers and licensed law enforcement. Under the Disposal Act, these location types can legally manage the disposal of ultimate user, patient dispensed controlled substances (schedules II-V) and non-controlled medications with a single solution. 
Under the Disposal Act, all collection receptacle programs that include the collection of controlled substances must be managed by a DEA registered collector. Now, retail pharmacies and hospitals or clinics with onsite pharmacies can manage medication collection programs at their LTCF customers' locations. Long-term care facilities can house a collection receptacle with a DEA approved collector managing the program. The collector can be a local retail pharmacy, a closed-door pharmacy that provides the location's medications or the LTCF if they have a registered on-site pharmacy. Visit the MedSafe product page for more information.










Takeaway Medication Recovery System™
Our TakeAway Medication Recovery Systems are designed to meet the new DEA rules for controlled substance disposal by ultimate users. They are offered in the popular mailback envelope format or in specially designed boxes. They are perfect for use in hospice and LTCF. They can also be sold in pharmacies and be provided by other entities to consumers to fill and mail right from their homes. All of our TakeAway Medication Recovery Systems are available for sale in our online store or by contacting Sharps Compliance at (800) 772-5657 for more information.












Solutions for Healthcare Professionals
DEA Reverse Distribution for Registrants
Sharps Compliance provides DEA registrants with a simple and affordable reverse distribution solution for disposal of unused or expired controlled substances. We offer three convenient sizes (1.25-gallon, 2.5-gallon and 5-gallon) for collecting and returning pharmaceuticals for proper destruction. Reverse distribution is only available for DEA registrant's inventory of medications and not intended for ultimate user medication disposal, hazardous pharmaceuticals or other biohazardous waste including sharps or soft waste. Shop for systems here.
Systems will only be accepted with approval of a DEA Controlled Substances for Destruction Form. 
                RCRA Pharmaceuticals
The management of RCRA pharmaceutical waste including the identification, determination, storage, transportation and treatment, is not the same as management of non-hazardous pharmaceutical waste. Businesses are required to have a comprehensive program for management of hazardous pharmaceutical waste. We assist in helping healthcare facilities and retail pharmacies with waste determination and provide a plan for storage and final treatment. 

Noncompliance with hazardous pharmaceutical waste regulations can result in fines of up to $37,500 per day, per incident (ASHP, 2012).






Medical Waste
Pharmaceutical Waste
Hazardous Waste
Universal Waste
Incineration & Treatment
Compliance & Training




Pharmaceutical Waste
Request more information on medication disposal solutions for your healthcare facility.


We respect your privacy. We promise to never share your information with a third party.










PHARMACEUTICAL WASTE FAQS

WHAT ARE RCRA PHARMACEUTICALS? 


RCRA (Resource Conservation and Recovery Act) pharmaceuticals become hazardous waste when deemed nonviable (returned, expired, damaged.) They are considered "listed" wastes. The volume and type of listing can impact storage limits, generator status and requirements for disposal packaging. A proper program for RCRA pharmaceuticals includes written waste determination, storage, transportation and treatment. Contact Sharps Compliance to set up a compliant program today for managing RCRA waste in your healthcare facility or retail pharmacy. 


WHAT CAN AND CANNOT GO INTO THE TAKEAWAY MEDICATION RECOVERY SYSTEM ENVELOPES?


Do's

Place all unused medications into this envelope including legally held controlled drugs and narcotics (Schedules II, III, IV and V.)
Medications should be in their original containers when placed into the TakeAway envelope.
Liquids must be placed in a sealed plastic bag (e.g. a zip-locked bag) before being placed inside the envelope. No more than four (4) ounces of liquids can be included in each mailing.
Seal the envelope carefully.
Take the sealed envelope to a U.S. Post Office or U.S. Postal Service drop box, or simply hand it to your U.S. postal carrier.

Don'ts

DO NOT mail needles, syringes. lancets, injection pens, medical waste, liquid chemo/cytotoxic drugs or contaminated materials such as gloves, tubing, or IV bags in this envelope. Contact Sharps Compliance at 800.772.5657 for the proper disposal method for these items.
DO NOT mail trash, aerosol spray cans, batteries, any substance or material that could adversely affect the safety of carriers during transportation, such as flammable, infectious, radioactive, or combustible materials.
 DO NOT mail illicit drugs (Schedule I controlled substances) such as marijuana, cocaine, heroin, methamphetamine.
DO NOT OVERFILL THE ENVELOPE.
DO NOT take this filled envelope back to your pharmacy.

Notice 1 - Packages may only be mailed from within the 50 US states, District of Columbia, and Puerto Rico.
Notice 2 - Only TakeAway Medication Recovery System envelopes provided by Sharps Compliance Inc. will be accepted for destruction.


WHAT OR WHO IS A DEA COLLECTOR? 


A DEA registered collector is a DEA registrant that updates their registration to collector status. Retail pharmacies and hospitals or clinics with on-site pharmacies can update their registration to become collectors and place collection receptacles onsite. Additionally, retail pharmacies, closed-door pharmacies and hospitals or clinics with on-site pharmacies can manage collection receptacle programs for long term care facilities with an updated collector status.


HOW MUCH DOES MEDSAFE COST? 


MedSafe is a monthly leased service program that provides the collection receptacle and inner liners for one monthly fixed cost. The monthly cost is based on the collection receptacle size (18-gallon or 38-gallon) and the number of inner liners required in one calendar year. The monthly cost includes the initial shipment of the MedSafe receptacle including one inner liner to the location where it will be installed, shipments of new inner liners based on the service schedule and transportation and destruction of full inner liners.


CAN MEDICATIONS BE COMMINGLED IN A MEDSAFE COLLECTION RECEPTACLE? 


YES. Under the Disposal Act, non-controlled, over-the-counter and controlled medications can be commingled in the collection receptacle. Schedule I drugs and hazardous medications are not allowed in the collection receptacle. Contact Sharps at 800.772.5657 for the proper option for disposal of your hazardous medications.


IS YOUR COMPANY AUTHORIZED TO COLLECT AND DISPOSE OF UNUSED, UNWANTED, OR EXPIRED PHARMACEUTICAL INCLUDING CONTROLLED SUBSTANCES FROM ULTIMATE USERS? 


YES. Sharps Compliance, Inc. is DEA registered Reverse Distributor and Collector for the disposal of unused, unwanted, or expired pharmaceutical including controlled substances (schedules II-V) from ultimate users. Our MedSafe receptacles are designed for retail pharmacies, long-term care facilities (LTCF), hospitals or clinics with onsite pharmacies, narcotics treatment centers and licensed law enforcement. The MedSafe fully complies with the federal Controlled Substances Act and the Secure and Responsible Drug Disposal Act of 2010.  and meets the design specifications established by the DEA (21 CFR § 1317.75):

(i) A securely locked, substantially constructed container with a permanent outer shell and a removable inner liner as specified in § 1317.60 of this chapter.
(ii) The outer container shall include a small opening that allows contents to be added to the inner liner, but does not allow removal of the inner liner's contents;
(iii) The outer container shall prominently display a sign indicating that only non-controlled drugs and Schedule II, III, IV, or V controlled substances are acceptable (Schedule I controlled substances, controlled substances that are not lawfully possessed by the ultimate user, and other illicit or dangerous substances are not permitted); and
(iv) Access to the inner liner shall be restricted to authorized employees of the authorized collector.



DESCRIBE THE TYPE (S) OF AUTHORIZED CONTAINERS YOU USE TO COLLECT AND SAFELY TRANSPORT PHARMACEUTICALS. 


The Sharps Compliance, Inc., MedSafe Inner Liner is designed to collect, protect and safely transport the pharmaceuticals to our treatment facility. The inner Liner meets the following DEA requirements (21 CFR § 1317.60):

a)	The inner liner shall be waterproof, tamper-evident, and tear-resistant;
b)	The inner liner shall be removable and sealable immediately upon removal without emptying or touching the contents;
c)	The contents of the inner liner shall not be viewable from the outside when sealed;
d)	The size of the inner liner shall be clearly marked on the outside of the liner (e.g., 5 gallons, 10 gallons, etc.); and
e)	The inner liner shall bear a permanent, unique identification number that enables the liner to be tracked.

Additionally, The Company has received a Special Permit (DOT-SP 20284) from the United States Department of Transportation authorizing the use of Sharps Compliance, Inc.'s MedSafe Inner Liner packaging for the transportation of hazardous material pharmaceuticals. Click link below for the  Special Permit.


WHAT RECORDS DO YOU MAINTAIN TO COMPLY WITH AND THE DEA REGULATIONS?


Sharps compliance, Inc., maintains records that comply with DEA Recordkeeping Requirements (21 CFR §):

 Date Received
Date of destruction; 
 Method of destruction; 
Name and address of the place of destruction; 
Unique identification number of the inner liner destroyed; 
Size of the inner liner destroyed (e.g., 5 gallons, 10 gallons, etc.); and 
 Name and signature of the two authorized employees who witnessed the destruction.



DESCRIBE THE SECURITY CONTROLS FOR CONTROLLED SUBSTANCES.


The Sharps Compliance, Inc., securely stores the Inner Liner containers collected from ultimate users in a manner consistent with the security requirements for Schedule II controlled substances. All Inner Liner containers are stored inside DEA approved vault until prompt on-site destruction can occur. The following describes the safety and security features:
The walls, floors, and ceilings of which vault are constructed of at least 8 inches of reinforced concrete or other substantial masonry, reinforced vertically and horizontally with \1/2\-inch steel rods tied 6 inches on center, or the structural equivalent to such reinforced walls, floors, and ceilings;
 The door and frame unit of which vault conform to 30 man-minutes against surreptitious entry, 10 man-minutes against forced entry, 20 man-hours against lock manipulation, and 20 man-hours against radiological techniques;
The vault is equipped with a "day-gate" which is self-closing and self-locking for use during the hours of operation in which the vault door is open;
 The walls are equipped with an alarm, which upon unauthorized entry transmit a signal directly to a central station protection company and State police agency which has a legal duty to respond, or a 24-hour control station operated by the registrant, or such other protection as the Administrator may approve, and, if necessary, holdup buttons at strategic points of entry to the perimeter area of the vault;
The door of which vault is equipped with contact switches; and
Vault has complete electrical lacing of the walls, floor and ceilings; sensitive ultrasonic equipment within the vault; a sensitive sound accumulator system to detect illegal entry as may be approved by the Administration.


I UNDERSTAND THAT SOME OF UNUSED, UNWANTED, OR EXPIRED PHARMACEUTICAL MAY BE CLASSIFIED AS HAZARDOUS MATERIALS. HOW DO YOU ENSURE COMPLIANCE WITH DOT PACKAGING AND LABELING REQUIREMENTS?


Sharps Compliance, Inc. (Sharps) fully complies with DOT regulations for the transport of such drugs collected for disposal as authorized by the DOT under Special Permit # DOT-SP 20284. Click the link for the  Special Permit under which the Company operates.












Discover the Sharps Compliance Difference.
Customers save 35% on average. Request a free quote, or call (800) 772-5657


Request a Free Quote










﻿






























Darling Ingredients (DAR) & Sharps Compliance Corp (NASDAQ:SMED) Head to Head Contrast - Chaffey Breeze













































 
















 



  
 
 
























Daily Ratings & News for Sharps Compliance Corp

        
	Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Sharps Compliance Corp with our free daily email newsletter:










Follow @chaffeybreeze












Recent Posts

Xact Kapitalforvaltning AB Increases Stake in 58.com Inc. (NYSE:WUBA)
Enbridge Inc (ENB) Stake Reduced by Park National Corp OH
Yandex N.V. (YNDX) Shares Bought by Nomura Asset Management Co. Ltd.
DnB Asset Management AS Sells 2,200 Shares of DHT Holdings, Inc. (NYSE:DHT)
Nomura Asset Management Co. Ltd. Raises Stake in Plains Group Holdings, L.P. (PAGP)
Insider Buying: Appian Corporation (APPN) Major Shareholder Acquires 109,520 Shares of Stock
17,400 Shares in Axovant Sciences Ltd. (NYSE:AXON) Acquired by Fox Run Management L.L.C.
DnB Asset Management AS Has $403,000 Position in Advanced Semiconductor Engineering, Inc. (NYSE:ASX)
Lloyds Banking Group PLC (LLOY) Given a GBX 83 Price Target at J P Morgan Chase & Co
Canaccord Genuity Reiterates “Buy” Rating for Hydrodec Group plc (HYR)
Altria Group (NYSE:MO) Board Authorizes Stock Buyback Program
Reviewing Church & Dwight (CHD) & Zep (ZEP)
WFG Advisors LP Has $313,000 Stake in Texas Instruments Incorporated (NASDAQ:TXN)
Weyerhaeuser Company (WY) Stake Held by Johnson Financial Group Inc.
Antero Resources Corporation (NYSE:AR) Shares Bought by DnB Asset Management AS
H&R Block, Inc. (HRB) Stake Lowered by Credit Suisse AG
State of Alaska Department of Revenue Has $1.21 Million Position in RLJ Lodging Trust (NYSE:RLJ)
National Pension Service Raises Position in Rockwell Collins, Inc. (NYSE:COL)
James Investment Research Inc. Has $2.20 Million Position in A V Homes, Inc. (AVHI)
Intuitive Surgical, Inc. (ISRG) Shares Sold by Smith Salley & Associates







Darling Ingredients (DAR) & Sharps Compliance Corp (NASDAQ:SMED) Head to Head Contrast


					Posted by Oliver Carreras on Jul 6th, 2017 // No Comments




Sharps Compliance Corp (NASDAQ: SMED) and Darling Ingredients (NYSE:DAR) are both industrial products companies, but which is the better stock? We will compare the two businesses based on the strength of their dividends, institutional ownership, risk, valuation, earnings, profitabiliy and analyst recommendations. 
Profitability


 Get Sharps Compliance Corp alerts:



This table compares Sharps Compliance Corp and Darling Ingredients’ net margins, return on equity and return on assets.



Net Margins
Return on Equity
Return on Assets


Sharps Compliance Corp
-4.47%
-3.66%
-2.64%


Darling Ingredients
3.06%
5.15%
2.24%







Risk and Volatility
Sharps Compliance Corp has a beta of 0.56, meaning that its share price is 44% less volatile than the S&P 500. Comparatively, Darling Ingredients has a beta of 1.61, meaning that its share price is 61% more volatile than the S&P 500. 
Institutional & Insider Ownership
26.2% of Sharps Compliance Corp shares are held by institutional investors. Comparatively, 95.2% of Darling Ingredients shares are held by institutional investors. 20.3% of Sharps Compliance Corp shares are held by insiders. Comparatively, 2.0% of Darling Ingredients shares are held by insiders. Strong institutional ownership is an indication that hedge funds, endowments and large money managers believe a stock is poised for long-term growth.
Analyst Recommendations
This is a summary of recent ratings and target prices for Sharps Compliance Corp and Darling Ingredients, as reported by MarketBeat. 



Sell Ratings
Hold Ratings
Buy Ratings
Strong Buy Ratings
Rating Score


Sharps Compliance Corp
0
1
0
0
2.00


Darling Ingredients
0
0
5
0
3.00


Sharps Compliance Corp presently has a consensus target price of $6.00, suggesting a potential upside of 42.52%. Darling Ingredients has a consensus target price of $18.00, suggesting a potential upside of 13.56%. Given Sharps Compliance Corp’s  higher possible upside, analysts clearly believe Sharps Compliance Corp is more favorable than Darling Ingredients.
Earnings & Valuation
This table compares Sharps Compliance Corp and Darling Ingredients’ revenue, earnings per share and valuation.



Gross Revenue
Price/Sales Ratio
EBITDA
Earnings Per Share
Price/Earnings Ratio


Sharps Compliance Corp
$36.70 million
1.84
$497,999.00
($0.10)
-42.10


Darling Ingredients
$3.50 billion
0.75
$442.53 million
$0.65
24.38


Darling Ingredients has higher revenue and earnings than Sharps Compliance Corp. Sharps Compliance Corp is trading at a lower price-to-earnings ratio than Darling Ingredients, indicating that it is currently the more affordable of the two stocks. 
Summary
Darling Ingredients beats Sharps Compliance Corp on 10 of the 13 factors compared between the two stocks.
About Sharps Compliance Corp
Sharps Compliance Corp. is a provider of waste management services, including medical, pharmaceutical and hazardous. The Company’s solutions include Sharps Recovery System, TakeAway Medication Recovery System, MedSafe, Route-Based Pickup Service, TakeAway Recycle System, ComplianceTRAC, Universal Waste Shipback Systems and Other Solutions. The Company’s solutions facilitate the collection, containment, transportation and treatment of various types of healthcare-related materials, including hypodermic needles, lancets and other devices or objects used to puncture or lacerate the skin, or sharps, hazardous waste and unused consumer dispensed medications and over-the-counter drugs. It assists its customers in determining which of its solution offerings fit for the collection, containment, return transportation and treatment of medical waste, used healthcare materials, pharmaceutical waste, hazardous waste and unused dispensed medications. It provides tracking and reporting tools.
About Darling Ingredients
Darling Ingredients Inc. (Darling) is a developer and producer of sustainable natural ingredients from edible and inedible bio-nutrients, creating a range of ingredients and customized specialty solutions for customers in the pharmaceutical, food, pet food, feed, industrial, fuel, bioenergy and fertilizer industries. The Company operates through three segments: Feed Ingredients, Food Ingredients and Fuel Ingredients. The Company collects and transforms all aspects of animal by-product streams into useable and specialty ingredients, such as gelatin, edible fats, feed-grade fats, animal proteins and meals, plasma, pet food ingredients, organic fertilizers, yellow grease, fuel feedstocks, green energy, natural casings and hides. In addition, the Company provides grease trap services to food service establishments, environmental services to food processors and sells restaurant cooking oil delivery and collection equipment.






Receive News & Ratings for Sharps Compliance Corp Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Sharps Compliance Corp and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.








 






















Latest News





Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name  (Required) 



Mail (will not be published)  (Required) 



Website












 

 













































 



20-Gallon Sharps Recovery and 5-Quart Sharps Containers





























JavaScript seems to be disabled in your browser.
                    You must have JavaScript enabled in your browser to utilize the functionality of this website.                








 












Menu



Search



Account





Shopping Cart


        0        Item         
$0.00 



Shopping Cart






×


CART IS EMPTY










Search
Search:








Home
Contact
Request New Service
My Cart




























20-Gallon Sharps Recovery System with Six 5-Quart Sharps Containers

























20-Gallon Sharps Recovery System with Six 5-Quart Sharps Containers




$236.12 




Availability:
In stock



Quick Overview
The large capacity 20-Gallon Sharps Recovery mailback medical waste disposal system is specifically designed to meet the needs of medical professionals, such as physicians and dentists. Use the 20-gallon container to collect regulated medical waste, including red bag and biohazardous waste as well as sealed sharps containers (no loose sharps). When ready for disposal, the system is mailed back for responsible treatment using the prepaid USPS mailing box. System includes six (6) Covidien® 5-quart sharps containers. 






Quantity



Add to Cart


OR








Description

 Details

Sharps Recovery Systems are USPS-authorized medical waste mailback systems. The 20-gallon system is ideal for small quantity generators in need of a cost-effective and regulatory-compliant disposal solution for sharps  containers (no loose sharps) and other small quantities of medical waste (tied red bag waste). Sharps Recovery System pricing is all-inclusive with no long-term contracts or hidden fees.
 All mailback systems include a primary collection container, prepaid return shipping box, components to package for transport, waste manifest tracking form, instructions for use, proper treatment and online documentation of treated waste. All systems are uniquely serialized for tracking and provide complete cradle-to-grave compliance with local, state and federal regulations.
This sharps mailback system includes:

 One (1) 20-gallon collection container
 Six (6) Covidien® 5-quart  sharps containers
 One (1) prepaid return mailing system
 Return transportation and proper treatment of waste
 Proof of treatment through SharpsTracer

Special Note: Customers in Alaska, Hawaii and US Territories (Guam, Puerto Rico and the United States Virgin Islands) must purchase through Customer Support at 800.772.5657 as the price for use varies in these areas.
 This System has a maximum return weight of 35 lbs. Systems returned in excess of 35 lbs. will be charged $1.50 per pound in excess of the 35 lbs. maximum. 


Additional Information

 Additional Information





Brand
Sharps Recovery System


Size
20-Gallon


Item Number
#12061


Container Dimensions
21.5"L x 21.25"W x 18.5"H


System Dimensions
22"L x 22.75"W x 20"H


Max Return Weight
35 lbs.


Waste Type
Red Bag Waste and Sealed Sharps Containers (no loose sharps) 


Authorization Number
USPS-056A11






Who Is It For?

 



 Retail Clinics
 Dental Offices
 Medical Offices
 Long Term Care Facilities
 Wellness Providers




 State and Federal Government
 Veterinary Hospitals
 Home Health Care
 Home Infusion
 Hospice




 Pharmacies
 Urgent Care
 Schools and Universities
 Emergency Health Services


 


How Do I Use It?

 
 





You may also be interested in the following product(s)






Six 1-Gallon Sharps Recovery System
Add to Cart







Six 1-Quart Sharps Recovery System
Add to Cart







Six 1.5-Quart Sharps Recovery System
Add to Cart







TakeAway Medication Recovery Envelope (USPS) - Case of 12 with Display
Add to Cart









Related Products






Small Bracket for 1-Quart Sharps Container
ADD TO CART







5-Quart Sharps Recovery System - Intro Kit
ADD TO CART







1.5-Quart Sharps Secure Needle Disposal System - Intro Kit 
ADD TO CART


























Back to Top



About sharps compliance
We are a single source service provider of healthcare waste solutions for small quantity generators. Read more


About
Our Brands
Scholarship Program


Investor Relations
Contact


 
markets served

Healthcare Providers 
Non-Healthcare Businesses 
Pharmacies
Pharmaceutical Manufacturers
Managed Care Organizations
Government

 
Markets Served

Healthcare Providers
Commercial Businesses
Retail Pharmacies
Pharmaceutical Manufacturers
Government & Law Enforcement
Residential Solutions



Customer Center

SharpsTracer
ComplianceTrac
Schedule Pickup
Regulatory Compliance
Training Videos
Returns & Warranty



Connect





Social media

Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn

 

© 2017 Sharps Compliance, Inc. All Rights Reserved.



Terms of Use  |  
		Legal and Privacy  |  
		Site Map


 




 











Medical Waste Disposal Management | Sharps Compliance







 















Home
Contact
Request New Service
My Cart



























Menu
Search
Account
Cart





SERVICES
MARKETS SERVED
STORE
CUSTOMER CENTER
BLOG
LOGIN




















Medical Waste Disposal Management Services
Compliant Healthcare Waste Management Solutions






Got Waste? Sign up for service in under 5 minutes!
Check availability for medical waste pickup in your area, or call (800) 772-5657.


  Check Availability









Healthcare Services
Medical Waste Management








Medical Waste Disposal
Comprehensive medical waste management services for sharps and biohazardous waste generated in small to mid-size healthcare-related markets. 
Read More 





Pharmaceutical Waste
Complete medication disposal solutions, such as industry-leading mailback solutions and collection receptacles for controlled substances and hazardous pharmaceuticals.
Read More 





Hazardous Waste Management
One source service provider for medical, pharmaceutical and hazardous waste. Services include waste determination, storage, transportation, and treatment. 
Read More 









Other Services
In addition to Sharps Compliance's full services for medical waste disposal, we provide solutions for OSHA compliance, pharmaceutical manufacturer patient support for used needle disposal, private or government sector destruction services through high-heat incineration and public sharps disposal or infectious waste spill kits with proper treatment. 







OSHA Compliance & Training
Compliance solutions for training employees and managing OSHA requirements: BBP, HIPAA and HazCom training, SDS management and more.
Read More 




Patient Support Services
Vendor-managed sharps disposal by mail programs for pharmaceutical manufacturers providing valuable patient compliance data.
Read More 






Destruction Services
Confidential destruction services for documents, pharmaceuticals, pathological waste, firearms, narcotics and more.
Read More 




Public Sharps Disposal
Secure and safe disposal of used needles or other sharps in public areas, such as restrooms with cost-effective mailback and treatment.
Read More 












MedSafe Medication Disposal

Ultimate-user medication disposal including controlled substances Sharps Compliance's patent-pending MedSafe includes a collection receptacle and prepaid return inner liner for DEA-compliant destruction.
This easy-to-use system is designed for long-term care facilities, law enforcement, retail pharmacies, hospitals/clinics with on-site pharmacies and narcotic treatment facilities.
MedSafe has helped remove over 240,000 pounds of unused medications from communities.*
More on MedSafe 
* Returned and treated data as of March 15, 2017











Comprehensive solution for recycling of single-use medical devices
The TakeAway Recycle System is a cost-effective, environmentally-friendly solution designed to recycle single-use medical devices that are normally destined for either reprocessing or the landfill. The TakeAway Recycle System is compliant with OSHA, DOT, and The Joint Commission.
Read More 










Healthcare Solutions
ONLINE STORE







DEA Registrants Disposal
A cost-effective DEA-compliant collection, return and proper destruction solution for DEA registrants' expired or unused controlled substances (non-dispensed).
SHOP NOW 





Sharps Mailback System
20-gallon medical waste disposal mailback system is an as-needed service, meeting the needs of healthcare professionals generating small quantities of waste.
SHOP NOW 





Secure Needle Disposal
Sharps Secure is a needle containment and mailback sharps disposal system. Designed to facilitate safe needle disposal in public spaces, such as restrooms or employee areas.
SHOP NOW 





Shop All Sharps Mailback Solutions














Hazardous Waste Services | RCRA Pharmaceutical Wastes







 















Home
Contact
Request New Service
My Cart



























Menu
Search
Account
Cart





SERVICES
MARKETS SERVED
STORE
CUSTOMER CENTER
BLOG
LOGIN





















Hazardous Waste Services








Home
Services
Hazardous Waste Services











 




Many facilities receive fines for improper management of hazardous waste. These fines are often due to improper waste determination. Instead of making the determination on site, facilities will ship wastes to a central location for determination which bypasses the site determination requirements. These wastes regulated under the Resource Conservation Recovery Act (RCRA) can include pharmaceuticals, shampoos, cleaning agents and other chemicals. Hazardous waste also includes items that have been returned by customers such as nail polish, glue and other commonly used personal care products. 
In addition, storage of wastes can be mismanaged. Many aspects of waste regulations, including storage, are determined by generator classification which includes Large Quantity Generator (LQG), Small Quantity Generator (SQG) or Conditionally Exempt Small Quantity Generator (CESQG). When waste storage limits are met, if the waste is not transported for treatment, the facility risks moving to a higher generator classification, which results in increased regulations including documentation. 






Determination
Help generators determine if the waste meets RCRAâs definitions of P-listed, F-listed or U-listed, or if it exhibits waste characteristics. 


Storage
Implement a program with containment solutions that promote compliance with both EPA and DOT regulations on storage volumes and time limits.




Transportation
Determine cost-effective methods for transporting waste based on regulations and waste type. Transportation is a major cost factor.


Treatment
Ensure regulatory-compliant treatment or recycling when applicable. In order to meet your facilityâs cradle to grave responsibility, proof of final treatment is available for your records.





Hazardous waste management programs for CESQG & SQG, such as:



Retailers
Retail Pharmacies
Long Term Care Facilities




Compounding Pharmacies
Dental Offices
Medical Offices




 Veterinarian Clinics 
Retail Clincis
Schools and Universities







Medical Waste
Pharmaceutical Waste
Hazardous Waste
Universal Waste
Incineration & Treatment
Compliance & Training




Waste Management
Got questions? Request more information from our team on your specific needs.


We respect your privacy. We promise to never share your information with a third party.









HAZARDOUS WASTE FAQS

WHAT IS HAZARDOUS WASTE?


Products and materials are considered hazardous wastes when discarded or as the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) defines it, "no longer of value." This could occur when the material has expired as is the case with drugs; or when it is no longer needed, as with mercury-containing thermostats. The EPA developed four lists of specific  wastes (Listed Wastes) and four types of wastes with defining characteristics (Characteristic Wastes) to help determine specific hazards.


WHAT ARE LISTED WASTES? 


K-Listed wastes are source-specific and generally not found in healthcare facilities.
F-Listed wastes are non-specific source wastes and may be present in healthcare facility morgues or maintenance shops.
P-Listed wastes are acutely toxic and include multiple pharmaceuticals and other materials found in healthcare facilities. Examples of P-Listed wastes:

 Warfarin & salts (concentration > 0.3%)
 Epinephrine
 Nicotine & salts
 Physostigmine

U-Listed wastes are toxic and include many pharmaceuticals and other materials such as commercial chemical products used in healthcare facilities. Examples of U-Listed wastes in the healthcare setting are (but not limited to):

 Reserpine
 Warfarin (concentration ≤ 0.3%)
 Acetyl Chloride
 Ethyl Ether



WHAT ARE CHARACTERISTICS WASTES? 


Characteristic Wastes are wastes that do not fall under any of the listed wastes but that exhibit the characteristics of:

 Ignitability - wastes that can readily catch fire and maintain combustion
 Corrosivity - wastes that are acidic or alkaline (basic)
 Reactivity - wastes that readily explode or undergo violent reactions or react by releasing toxic gases or fumes
 Toxicity - wastes likely to leach dangerous concentrations of toxic chemicals into groundwater













Discover the Sharps Compliance Difference.
Customers save 35% on average. Request a free quote, or call (800) 772-5657


Request a Free Quote










 



20-Gallon Sharps Recovery and 5-Quart Sharps Containers





























JavaScript seems to be disabled in your browser.
                    You must have JavaScript enabled in your browser to utilize the functionality of this website.                








 












Menu



Search



Account





Shopping Cart


        0        Item         
$0.00 



Shopping Cart






×


CART IS EMPTY










Search
Search:








Home
Contact
Request New Service
My Cart




























20-Gallon Sharps Recovery System with Six 5-Quart Sharps Containers

























20-Gallon Sharps Recovery System with Six 5-Quart Sharps Containers




$236.12 




Availability:
In stock



Quick Overview
The large capacity 20-Gallon Sharps Recovery mailback medical waste disposal system is specifically designed to meet the needs of medical professionals, such as physicians and dentists. Use the 20-gallon container to collect regulated medical waste, including red bag and biohazardous waste as well as sealed sharps containers (no loose sharps). When ready for disposal, the system is mailed back for responsible treatment using the prepaid USPS mailing box. System includes six (6) Covidien® 5-quart sharps containers. 






Quantity



Add to Cart


OR








Description

 Details

Sharps Recovery Systems are USPS-authorized medical waste mailback systems. The 20-gallon system is ideal for small quantity generators in need of a cost-effective and regulatory-compliant disposal solution for sharps  containers (no loose sharps) and other small quantities of medical waste (tied red bag waste). Sharps Recovery System pricing is all-inclusive with no long-term contracts or hidden fees.
 All mailback systems include a primary collection container, prepaid return shipping box, components to package for transport, waste manifest tracking form, instructions for use, proper treatment and online documentation of treated waste. All systems are uniquely serialized for tracking and provide complete cradle-to-grave compliance with local, state and federal regulations.
This sharps mailback system includes:

 One (1) 20-gallon collection container
 Six (6) Covidien® 5-quart  sharps containers
 One (1) prepaid return mailing system
 Return transportation and proper treatment of waste
 Proof of treatment through SharpsTracer

Special Note: Customers in Alaska, Hawaii and US Territories (Guam, Puerto Rico and the United States Virgin Islands) must purchase through Customer Support at 800.772.5657 as the price for use varies in these areas.
 This System has a maximum return weight of 35 lbs. Systems returned in excess of 35 lbs. will be charged $1.50 per pound in excess of the 35 lbs. maximum. 


Additional Information

 Additional Information





Brand
Sharps Recovery System


Size
20-Gallon


Item Number
#12061


Container Dimensions
21.5"L x 21.25"W x 18.5"H


System Dimensions
22"L x 22.75"W x 20"H


Max Return Weight
35 lbs.


Waste Type
Red Bag Waste and Sealed Sharps Containers (no loose sharps) 


Authorization Number
USPS-056A11






Who Is It For?

 



 Retail Clinics
 Dental Offices
 Medical Offices
 Long Term Care Facilities
 Wellness Providers




 State and Federal Government
 Veterinary Hospitals
 Home Health Care
 Home Infusion
 Hospice




 Pharmacies
 Urgent Care
 Schools and Universities
 Emergency Health Services


 


How Do I Use It?

 
 





You may also be interested in the following product(s)






Six 1-Gallon Sharps Recovery System
Add to Cart







Six 1-Quart Sharps Recovery System
Add to Cart







Six 1.5-Quart Sharps Recovery System
Add to Cart







TakeAway Medication Recovery Envelope (USPS) - Case of 12 with Display
Add to Cart









Related Products






Small Bracket for 1-Quart Sharps Container
ADD TO CART







5-Quart Sharps Recovery System - Intro Kit
ADD TO CART







1.5-Quart Sharps Secure Needle Disposal System - Intro Kit 
ADD TO CART


























Back to Top



About sharps compliance
We are a single source service provider of healthcare waste solutions for small quantity generators. Read more


About
Our Brands
Scholarship Program


Investor Relations
Contact


 
markets served

Healthcare Providers 
Non-Healthcare Businesses 
Pharmacies
Pharmaceutical Manufacturers
Managed Care Organizations
Government

 
Markets Served

Healthcare Providers
Commercial Businesses
Retail Pharmacies
Pharmaceutical Manufacturers
Government & Law Enforcement
Residential Solutions



Customer Center

SharpsTracer
ComplianceTrac
Schedule Pickup
Regulatory Compliance
Training Videos
Returns & Warranty



Connect





Social media

Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn

 

© 2017 Sharps Compliance, Inc. All Rights Reserved.



Terms of Use  |  
		Legal and Privacy  |  
		Site Map


 




 











Medical Waste Disposal | Biohazardous & Sharps Disposal







 















Home
Contact
Request New Service
My Cart



























Menu
Search
Account
Cart





SERVICES
MARKETS SERVED
STORE
CUSTOMER CENTER
BLOG
LOGIN





















Medical Waste Disposal








Home
Services
Medical Waste Disposal











 




The proper management of regulated medical waste (also referred to as biohazardous waste, biomedical waste, sharps waste or infectious waste) generated in healthcare facilities and commercial businesses is critical not only to avoid regulatory fines but also to prevent the spread of infectious diseases. Sharps and soft wastes (red bag waste), those saturated with blood or certain other body fluids, must be adequately handled, contained, stored, shipped and treated following all local, state and federal regulations. Working with an experienced and specialized medical waste management company that provides compliant systems and training ensures regulatory compliance.
Sharps Compliance is an industry leader with over twenty years of experience managing comprehensive medical waste removal programs for health care facilities and commercial businesses nationwide. We specialize in small to mid-size medical waste generators and offer affordable options for both sharps disposal mailback and medical waste pickup service. Our Medical Waste Management Experts will develop a program to match your healthcare facility's needs. We develop programs for single locations (dental, veterinarian, skilled nursing, medical offices, and more) or chains with hundreds of locations.
We manage medical waste removal programs for small to mid-size generators such as:



Dental Offices
Veterinarian Clinics
Medical Offices




Retail Clinics
Urgent Care Centers
Long Term Care Facilities




Home Infusion
Commercial Buildings
Hospitality





Biohazardous Containment & Storage
Individual state regulations, as well as volumes, usage, types of wastes, locations and mounting requirements, dictate container selection.  Our sharps mailback systems include puncture-resistant, leak-proof sharps containers. We also offer systems designed to hold filled sharps containers and bags of soft waste. Our systems include the plastic container, prepaid shipping box, bag liners and tracking forms and meet or exceed all applicable regulations. In addition to our sharps mailback systems, we provide standard sharps containers for use with pickup or within our larger mailback systems.

RightClassification
It is important for healthcare facilities to train employees on RightClassification - proper segregation of waste types and minimization to reduce over-classifying of waste. Over-classifying includes placing items into the medical waste that can go into the trash. Sharps prides itself on helping you to Right Classify your waste to reduce unnecessary costs.


Packaging & Transportation
Sharps Compliance provides the best in USPS-authorized medical waste mailback services for small to mid-size generators. When facilities generate larger quantities of biohazard waste that is not efficiently manageable with mailback, we offer a pickup service. This blended service model permits Sharps Compliance to match the right service at each location, resulting in cost-effective and efficient management programs.

Medical Waste & Sharps Disposal Mailback Service

Our medical waste & sharps disposal mailback systems offer the best in convenience and regulatory compliance and are available in a vast array of configurations to meet any facility need. All Sharps' systems pass rigorous testing for USPS approval for safe transport of regulated medical waste (UN3291). All biohazard mailback systems include a primary collection container, prepaid return shipping box, components to package for transport, waste manifest tracking form, instructions for use, proper treatment and online documentation of treated waste. All systems are uniquely serialized for tracking and provide complete cradle-to-grave compliance with local, state and federal regulations. Visit our  online store  for all mailback systems.

Medical Waste Pickup Service
Sharps Compliance owns and operates medical waste pickup services in fifteen states with a robust network to expand coverage nationwide. Biohazardous pickup services are vital for healthcare facilities that generate larger volumes of medical waste not suitable for mailback.When sharps mailback service is not the best fit for a location, typically due to volume, we provide a route-based biohazardous waste disposal pickup service.

Our unique ability to blend services of both sharps mailback and biohazardous waste pickup offers our customers the best in accessibility and pricing. We deliver the same regulatory compliance assurances to both pickup and mailback locations, ensuring DOT standards, proper treatment and online documentation of treated waste is available. 



Want to save on medical waste pickup?
Check availability in your area, or call (800) 772-5657


  Check Availability




Treatment
Sharps Compliance treats all waste responsibly and following all applicable regulations. In most cases, we autoclave the waste and then repurpose it into a new resource, thereby avoiding placing treated containers into a landfill.


SharpsTracer
Our online medical waste tracking and documentation portal offer customers access to all waste manifest documents 24/7/365. This service is offered free of charge with no bookkeeping or records management fees like other companies charge.




 Medical Waste
 Pharmaceutical Waste
 Hazardous Waste
 Universal Waste
 Incineration & Treatment
 Compliance & Training




Request a Free Quote for Your office.


We respect your privacy. We promise to never share your information with a third party.










REGULATED MEDICAL WASTE FAQS

WHO REGULATES MEDICAL WASTE DISPOSAL?


The disposal of medical waste is regulated at the state and sometimes local level. Our state map links to the various regulations. State and local regulations typically pertain to the labeling, containment, storage, transportation and treatment of medical waste. Some states require the generator to register with the state and maintain medical waste management plans. The transportation of medical waste is also regulated by USPS for mailbacks and DOT for pickup services. The EPA as well as state agencies regulates the treatment and environmental safety at treatment facilities. OSHA and CDC are responsible for identification and employee safe handling of medical waste as well as labeling and containment. OSHA requires bloodborne pathogens exposure control plans and training which is typically where medical waste management is addressed.  *It is important to check with your state, as some require generators to register and have other state-specific requirements.


WILL I HAVE TO CHANGE HOW I MANAGE MY WASTE WITH MAILBACK? 


No. You will manage your sharps and red bag medical waste following the same facility protocols currently in place. With mailback there is very little difference than what you do today: 1) collect waste, 2) package transport box, 3) complete and sign the manifest tracking form and 4) send for proper treatment. The only difference is the transporter. Also, you can manage your waste on your own time with a mailback as it is simply placed in the mail when ready instead of waiting for a driver to come pick it up.


HOW DO I GET A SHARPSTRACER ACCOUNT? 


Simply contact our customer support team for a user name and password. You can access SharpsTracer at www.sharpstracer.com.


WHICH MAILBACK SHOULD I USE FOR MY FACILITY? 


We carry the largest selection of USPS-authorized mailback systems available. Simply locate the size sharps containers you are currently using at your facility. Next, match them to a similar size of our systems in our online store. We have systems that include a single sharps container and mailback box; systems that include multiple sharps containers in one mailback box; and medical professional systems which include a large container and mailback box used to hold your own sharps containers and red bag waste. Shipping and disposal/treatment for all systems is prepaid and includes the tracking documentation required by many states. If you have questions regarding the right system for your facility, contact us at 800.772.5657 and let our Medical Waste Management Experts help select the appropriate system for your needs.












Discover the Sharps Compliance Difference.
Customers save 35% on average. Request a free quote, or call (800) 772-5657


Request a Free Quote















Pharmaceutical Waste Solutions | Medication Disposal







 















Home
Contact
Request New Service
My Cart



























Menu
Search
Account
Cart





SERVICES
MARKETS SERVED
STORE
CUSTOMER CENTER
BLOG
LOGIN





















Pharmaceutical Waste Solutions








Home
Services
Pharmaceutical Waste Solutions











 




Since 2009, Sharps Compliance has pioneered unused medication disposal solutions for consumers (ultimate users) with the TakeAway Environmental Return System™. We have safely collected and treated over 800,000 pounds of unused medications, removing them from homes and preventing circulation into water supplies. Now, with the release of the updated DEA rules enacting the Secure and Responsible Drug Disposal Act of 2010 (Disposal Act), Sharps Compliance introduces two new solutions (MedSafe® & TakeAway Medication Recovery System™) for the disposal of unused or expired medication, including controlled substances (schedules II-V.) In addition to ultimate user medication disposal, Sharps Compliance can manage pharmaceutical disposal programs for healthcare facilities, retail pharmacies, reverse distributors, clinical trials and pharmaceutical wholesalers. We offer pure destruction services for non-hazardous pharmaceuticals and a mix of mailback and pickup services for RCRA hazardous pharmaceuticals. Contact us today at 800.772.5657 for more information on service options.



MedSafe Medication Disposal

Our patent-pending MedSafe solution combines the design of the industry's best collection receptacles used in law enforcement for years with the logistics and treatment capabilities of Sharps Compliance. MedSafe is designed for retail pharmacies, long-term care facilities (LTCF), hospitals or clinics with onsite pharmacies, narcotics treatment centers and licensed law enforcement. Under the Disposal Act, these location types can legally manage the disposal of ultimate user, patient dispensed controlled substances (schedules II-V) and non-controlled medications with a single solution. 
Under the Disposal Act, all collection receptacle programs that include the collection of controlled substances must be managed by a DEA registered collector. Now, retail pharmacies and hospitals or clinics with onsite pharmacies can manage medication collection programs at their LTCF customers' locations. Long-term care facilities can house a collection receptacle with a DEA approved collector managing the program. The collector can be a local retail pharmacy, a closed-door pharmacy that provides the location's medications or the LTCF if they have a registered on-site pharmacy. Visit the MedSafe product page for more information.










Takeaway Medication Recovery System™
Our TakeAway Medication Recovery Systems are designed to meet the new DEA rules for controlled substance disposal by ultimate users. They are offered in the popular mailback envelope format or in specially designed boxes. They are perfect for use in hospice and LTCF. They can also be sold in pharmacies and be provided by other entities to consumers to fill and mail right from their homes. All of our TakeAway Medication Recovery Systems are available for sale in our online store or by contacting Sharps Compliance at (800) 772-5657 for more information.












Solutions for Healthcare Professionals
DEA Reverse Distribution for Registrants
Sharps Compliance provides DEA registrants with a simple and affordable reverse distribution solution for disposal of unused or expired controlled substances. We offer three convenient sizes (1.25-gallon, 2.5-gallon and 5-gallon) for collecting and returning pharmaceuticals for proper destruction. Reverse distribution is only available for DEA registrant's inventory of medications and not intended for ultimate user medication disposal, hazardous pharmaceuticals or other biohazardous waste including sharps or soft waste. Shop for systems here.
Systems will only be accepted with approval of a DEA Controlled Substances for Destruction Form. 
                RCRA Pharmaceuticals
The management of RCRA pharmaceutical waste including the identification, determination, storage, transportation and treatment, is not the same as management of non-hazardous pharmaceutical waste. Businesses are required to have a comprehensive program for management of hazardous pharmaceutical waste. We assist in helping healthcare facilities and retail pharmacies with waste determination and provide a plan for storage and final treatment. 

Noncompliance with hazardous pharmaceutical waste regulations can result in fines of up to $37,500 per day, per incident (ASHP, 2012).






Medical Waste
Pharmaceutical Waste
Hazardous Waste
Universal Waste
Incineration & Treatment
Compliance & Training




Pharmaceutical Waste
Request more information on medication disposal solutions for your healthcare facility.


We respect your privacy. We promise to never share your information with a third party.










PHARMACEUTICAL WASTE FAQS

WHAT ARE RCRA PHARMACEUTICALS? 


RCRA (Resource Conservation and Recovery Act) pharmaceuticals become hazardous waste when deemed nonviable (returned, expired, damaged.) They are considered "listed" wastes. The volume and type of listing can impact storage limits, generator status and requirements for disposal packaging. A proper program for RCRA pharmaceuticals includes written waste determination, storage, transportation and treatment. Contact Sharps Compliance to set up a compliant program today for managing RCRA waste in your healthcare facility or retail pharmacy. 


WHAT CAN AND CANNOT GO INTO THE TAKEAWAY MEDICATION RECOVERY SYSTEM ENVELOPES?


Do's

Place all unused medications into this envelope including legally held controlled drugs and narcotics (Schedules II, III, IV and V.)
Medications should be in their original containers when placed into the TakeAway envelope.
Liquids must be placed in a sealed plastic bag (e.g. a zip-locked bag) before being placed inside the envelope. No more than four (4) ounces of liquids can be included in each mailing.
Seal the envelope carefully.
Take the sealed envelope to a U.S. Post Office or U.S. Postal Service drop box, or simply hand it to your U.S. postal carrier.

Don'ts

DO NOT mail needles, syringes. lancets, injection pens, medical waste, liquid chemo/cytotoxic drugs or contaminated materials such as gloves, tubing, or IV bags in this envelope. Contact Sharps Compliance at 800.772.5657 for the proper disposal method for these items.
DO NOT mail trash, aerosol spray cans, batteries, any substance or material that could adversely affect the safety of carriers during transportation, such as flammable, infectious, radioactive, or combustible materials.
 DO NOT mail illicit drugs (Schedule I controlled substances) such as marijuana, cocaine, heroin, methamphetamine.
DO NOT OVERFILL THE ENVELOPE.
DO NOT take this filled envelope back to your pharmacy.

Notice 1 - Packages may only be mailed from within the 50 US states, District of Columbia, and Puerto Rico.
Notice 2 - Only TakeAway Medication Recovery System envelopes provided by Sharps Compliance Inc. will be accepted for destruction.


WHAT OR WHO IS A DEA COLLECTOR? 


A DEA registered collector is a DEA registrant that updates their registration to collector status. Retail pharmacies and hospitals or clinics with on-site pharmacies can update their registration to become collectors and place collection receptacles onsite. Additionally, retail pharmacies, closed-door pharmacies and hospitals or clinics with on-site pharmacies can manage collection receptacle programs for long term care facilities with an updated collector status.


HOW MUCH DOES MEDSAFE COST? 


MedSafe is a monthly leased service program that provides the collection receptacle and inner liners for one monthly fixed cost. The monthly cost is based on the collection receptacle size (18-gallon or 38-gallon) and the number of inner liners required in one calendar year. The monthly cost includes the initial shipment of the MedSafe receptacle including one inner liner to the location where it will be installed, shipments of new inner liners based on the service schedule and transportation and destruction of full inner liners.


CAN MEDICATIONS BE COMMINGLED IN A MEDSAFE COLLECTION RECEPTACLE? 


YES. Under the Disposal Act, non-controlled, over-the-counter and controlled medications can be commingled in the collection receptacle. Schedule I drugs and hazardous medications are not allowed in the collection receptacle. Contact Sharps at 800.772.5657 for the proper option for disposal of your hazardous medications.


IS YOUR COMPANY AUTHORIZED TO COLLECT AND DISPOSE OF UNUSED, UNWANTED, OR EXPIRED PHARMACEUTICAL INCLUDING CONTROLLED SUBSTANCES FROM ULTIMATE USERS? 


YES. Sharps Compliance, Inc. is DEA registered Reverse Distributor and Collector for the disposal of unused, unwanted, or expired pharmaceutical including controlled substances (schedules II-V) from ultimate users. Our MedSafe receptacles are designed for retail pharmacies, long-term care facilities (LTCF), hospitals or clinics with onsite pharmacies, narcotics treatment centers and licensed law enforcement. The MedSafe fully complies with the federal Controlled Substances Act and the Secure and Responsible Drug Disposal Act of 2010.  and meets the design specifications established by the DEA (21 CFR § 1317.75):

(i) A securely locked, substantially constructed container with a permanent outer shell and a removable inner liner as specified in § 1317.60 of this chapter.
(ii) The outer container shall include a small opening that allows contents to be added to the inner liner, but does not allow removal of the inner liner's contents;
(iii) The outer container shall prominently display a sign indicating that only non-controlled drugs and Schedule II, III, IV, or V controlled substances are acceptable (Schedule I controlled substances, controlled substances that are not lawfully possessed by the ultimate user, and other illicit or dangerous substances are not permitted); and
(iv) Access to the inner liner shall be restricted to authorized employees of the authorized collector.



DESCRIBE THE TYPE (S) OF AUTHORIZED CONTAINERS YOU USE TO COLLECT AND SAFELY TRANSPORT PHARMACEUTICALS. 


The Sharps Compliance, Inc., MedSafe Inner Liner is designed to collect, protect and safely transport the pharmaceuticals to our treatment facility. The inner Liner meets the following DEA requirements (21 CFR § 1317.60):

a)	The inner liner shall be waterproof, tamper-evident, and tear-resistant;
b)	The inner liner shall be removable and sealable immediately upon removal without emptying or touching the contents;
c)	The contents of the inner liner shall not be viewable from the outside when sealed;
d)	The size of the inner liner shall be clearly marked on the outside of the liner (e.g., 5 gallons, 10 gallons, etc.); and
e)	The inner liner shall bear a permanent, unique identification number that enables the liner to be tracked.

Additionally, The Company has received a Special Permit (DOT-SP 20284) from the United States Department of Transportation authorizing the use of Sharps Compliance, Inc.'s MedSafe Inner Liner packaging for the transportation of hazardous material pharmaceuticals. Click link below for the  Special Permit.


WHAT RECORDS DO YOU MAINTAIN TO COMPLY WITH AND THE DEA REGULATIONS?


Sharps compliance, Inc., maintains records that comply with DEA Recordkeeping Requirements (21 CFR §):

 Date Received
Date of destruction; 
 Method of destruction; 
Name and address of the place of destruction; 
Unique identification number of the inner liner destroyed; 
Size of the inner liner destroyed (e.g., 5 gallons, 10 gallons, etc.); and 
 Name and signature of the two authorized employees who witnessed the destruction.



DESCRIBE THE SECURITY CONTROLS FOR CONTROLLED SUBSTANCES.


The Sharps Compliance, Inc., securely stores the Inner Liner containers collected from ultimate users in a manner consistent with the security requirements for Schedule II controlled substances. All Inner Liner containers are stored inside DEA approved vault until prompt on-site destruction can occur. The following describes the safety and security features:
The walls, floors, and ceilings of which vault are constructed of at least 8 inches of reinforced concrete or other substantial masonry, reinforced vertically and horizontally with \1/2\-inch steel rods tied 6 inches on center, or the structural equivalent to such reinforced walls, floors, and ceilings;
 The door and frame unit of which vault conform to 30 man-minutes against surreptitious entry, 10 man-minutes against forced entry, 20 man-hours against lock manipulation, and 20 man-hours against radiological techniques;
The vault is equipped with a "day-gate" which is self-closing and self-locking for use during the hours of operation in which the vault door is open;
 The walls are equipped with an alarm, which upon unauthorized entry transmit a signal directly to a central station protection company and State police agency which has a legal duty to respond, or a 24-hour control station operated by the registrant, or such other protection as the Administrator may approve, and, if necessary, holdup buttons at strategic points of entry to the perimeter area of the vault;
The door of which vault is equipped with contact switches; and
Vault has complete electrical lacing of the walls, floor and ceilings; sensitive ultrasonic equipment within the vault; a sensitive sound accumulator system to detect illegal entry as may be approved by the Administration.


I UNDERSTAND THAT SOME OF UNUSED, UNWANTED, OR EXPIRED PHARMACEUTICAL MAY BE CLASSIFIED AS HAZARDOUS MATERIALS. HOW DO YOU ENSURE COMPLIANCE WITH DOT PACKAGING AND LABELING REQUIREMENTS?


Sharps Compliance, Inc. (Sharps) fully complies with DOT regulations for the transport of such drugs collected for disposal as authorized by the DOT under Special Permit # DOT-SP 20284. Click the link for the  Special Permit under which the Company operates.












Discover the Sharps Compliance Difference.
Customers save 35% on average. Request a free quote, or call (800) 772-5657


Request a Free Quote













Stocks/Country/United States Index - Markets Index
























X

Tweet
 

Share this bulletin

Get news bulletins by email

Bulletin

Pentagon confirms detection of North Korea missile launch Friday »
        




Investor Alert







New York Markets Close in:



Market Snapshot
Winners and Losers
















Stocks
Rates
Funds
Bonds
Benchmarks
Real Estate Investment Trusts
Futures
American Depository Receipt Stocks
Exchange Traded Notes
Warrants
Indexes
Exchange Traded Funds
Currencies
Crypto Currencies

Location: United States



Name
Exchange
Sector




01 Communique Laboratory Inc. (OCQLF)
OOTC
Software


1347 Property Insurance Holdings Inc. (PIH)
XNAS
Non-Life Insurance


1-800-FLOWERS.COM Inc. Cl A (FLWS)
XNAS
Specialty Retail


1pm Industries Inc. (OPMZ)
OOTC
Food Products


1st Capital Bank (CA) (FISB)
OOTC
Banking


1st Constitution Bancorp (FCCY)
XNAS
Banking


1st NRG Corp. (FNRC)
OOTC
Oil Extraction


1st Source Corp. (SRCE)
XNAS
Banking


2050 Motors Inc. (ETFM)
OOTC
Automobiles


21st Century Fox Inc. Cl A (FOXA)
XNAS
Broadcasting


21st Century Fox Inc. Cl B (FOX)
XNAS
Broadcasting


21Vianet Group Inc. ADR (VNET)
XNAS
Internet/Online


22nd Century Group Inc. (XXII)
XASE
Biotechnology


24/7 Kid Doc Inc. (TVMD)
OOTC
Healthcare Provision


2U Inc. (TWOU)
XNAS
Software


2xLeveraged Long E-TRACS Linked to Wells Fargo Business Development Co. Index 052441 (BDCL)
ARCX
Major International Banks


2xLeveraged Long ETRACS Wells Fargo Business Development (LBDC)
ARCX
Major International Banks


3D Eye Solutions Inc. (TDEY)
OOTC
Motion Picture/Sound Recording


3D Pioneer Systems Inc. (DPSM)
OOTC
Software


3D Systems Corp. (DDD)
XNYS
Computers/Consumer Electronics


3DIcon Corp. (TDCP)
OOTC
Software


3Dshopping.com (THDS)
OOTC
Mixed Retailing


3DX Industries Inc. (DDDX)
OOTC
Computers/Consumer Electronics


3i Group PLC ADR (TGOPY)
OOTC
Finance Companies


3M Co. (MMM)
XNYS
Diversified Holding Companies


3Pea International Inc. (TPNL)
XOTC
Accounting


3Power Energy Group Inc. (PSPW)
OOTC
Renewable Energy Generation


3TL Technologies Corp. (TTMZF)
OOTC
Advertising/Marketing/Public Relations


420 Property Management Inc. (FTPM)
OOTC
Real Estate Agents/Brokers


4Cable TV International Inc. (CATV)
OOTC
Diversified Business Services


4Licensing Corp. (FOURQ)
OOTC
Diversified Business Services


500.com Ltd. ADR (WBAI)
XNYS
Gambling Industries


51job Inc. ADR (JOBS)
XNAS
Employment/Training Services


58.com Inc. ADR (WUBA)
XNYS
Consumer Services


5Barz International Inc. (BARZ)
OOTC
Networking


5N Plus Inc. (FPLSF)
OOTC
Commodity Chemicals


6D Global Technologies Inc. (SIXD)
OOTC
Computer Services


808 Renewable Energy Corp. (RNWR)
OOTC
Multiutilities


88 Energy Ltd. ADR (TNGRY)
OOTC
Oil Extraction


888 Holdings PLC (EIHDF)
OOTC
Gambling Industries


8Point3 Energy Partners LP (CAFD)
XNAS
Renewable Energy Generation


8X8 Inc. (EGHT)
XNAS
Wired Telecommunications Services


A Clean Slate Inc. (DRWN)
OOTC
Diversified Business Services


A&W Revenue Royalties Income Fund (AWRRF)
OOTC
Restaurants


A. H. Belo Corp. Series A (AHC)
XNYS
Publishing


A. Schulman Inc. (SHLM)
XNAS
Commodity Chemicals


A. Schulman Inc. 6% Pfd. (SLMNP)
OOTC
Commodity Chemicals


A.D. Makepeace Co. (MAKE)
OOTC
Farming


A.M. Castle & Co. (CAS)
XNYS
Wholesalers


A.O. Smith Corp. (AOS)
XNYS
Building Materials/Products


A.P. Moeller-Maersk A/S ADR (AMKBY)
OOTC
Water Transport/Shipping


A.P. Moeller-Maersk A/S Series A (AMKAF)
OOTC
Water Transport/Shipping


A.P. Moeller-Maersk A/S Series B (AMKBF)
OOTC
Water Transport/Shipping


A.S. Roma S.p.A. (ASRAF)
OOTC
Recreational Services


A-1 Group Inc. (AWON)
OOTC
Tobacco


A10 Networks Inc. (ATEN)
XNYS
Computer Services


a2 Milk Co. Ltd. (ACOPF)
OOTC
Biotechnology


AAC Holdings Inc. (AAC)
XNYS
Healthcare Provision


AAC Technologies Holdings Inc. (AACAF)
OOTC
Industrial Electronics


AAC Technologies Holdings Inc. ADR (AACAY)
OOTC
Industrial Electronics


AAON Inc. (AAON)
XNAS
Building Materials/Products


AAP Inc. (AAPJ)
OOTC
Food Products


AAR Corp. (AIR)
XNYS
Aerospace Products/Parts


Aaron's Inc. (AAN)
XNYS
Consumer Services


AB Science S.A. (ABSCF)
OOTC
Pharmaceuticals


AB Svensk Exportkredit ELEMENTS linked to MLCX Biofuels Index Total Return (FUE)
ARCX
Finance Companies


AB Svensk Exportkredit ELEMENTS linked to MLCX Grain Index Total Return (GRU)
ARCX
Finance Companies


AB&T Financial Corp. (ABTO)
OOTC
Banking


Abacus Mining & Exploration Corp. (ABCFF)
OOTC
General Mining


Abakan Inc. (ABKI)
OOTC
Industrial Products


Abattis Bioceuticals Corp. (ATTBF)
OOTC
Biotechnology


Abaxis Inc. (ABAX)
XNAS
Medical Equipment/Supplies


ABB Ltd. (ABLZF)
OOTC
Industrial Machinery


ABB Ltd. ADR (ABB)
XNYS
Industrial Machinery


Abbott Laboratories (ABT)
XNYS
Pharmaceuticals


AbbVie Inc. (ABBV)
XNYS
Biotechnology


Abby Inc. (ABBY)
OOTC
Oil Extraction


Abcam PLC (ABCZF)
OOTC
Biotechnology


Abcam PLC ADR (ABCZY)
OOTC
Biotechnology


ABCO Energy Inc. (ABCE)
OOTC
Industrial Machinery


Abcourt Mines Inc. (ABMBF)
OOTC
General Mining


Aben Resources Ltd. (ABNAF)
OOTC
General Mining


Abengoa S.A. B (AGOAF)
OOTC
Construction


Abeona Therapeutics Inc. (ABEO)
XNAS
Biotechnology


Abeona Therapeutics Inc. Wt (ABEOW)
XNAS



Abercrombie & Fitch Co. (ANF)
XNYS
Clothing Retail


Aberdeen Asia-Pacific Income Fund Inc. (FAX)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Asia-Pacific Income Investment Co. Ltd. (ABAKF)
OOTC
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Asset Management PLC (ABDNF)
OOTC
Investment Advisors


Aberdeen Asset Management PLC ADR (ABDNY)
OOTC
Investment Advisors


Aberdeen Australia Equity Fund Inc. (IAF)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Chile Fund Inc. (CH)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Emerging Markets Smaller Company Opportunities Fund Inc. (ABE)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Global Income Fund Inc. (FCO)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Greater China Fund Inc. (GCH)
XNYS
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Indonesia Fund Inc. (IF)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen International Inc. (AABVF)
OOTC
General Mining


Aberdeen Israel Fund Inc. (ISL)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Japan Equity Fund Inc. (JEQ)
XNYS
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Latin America Equity Fund Inc. (LAQ)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Singapore Fund Inc. (SGF)
XNYS
Closed-End Funds


Abertis Infraestructuras S.A. ADR (ABRTY)
OOTC
Transportation Services


Ability Inc. (ABIL)
XNAS
Precision Products


Ability Inc. Wt (ABIWF)
OOTC



Abiomed Inc. (ABMD)
XNAS
Medical Equipment/Supplies


Abitibi Royalties Inc. (ATBYF)
OOTC
General Mining


Able Energy Inc. (ABLE)
OOTC
Gas Utilities


Ablynx N.V. (ABLYF)
OOTC
Biotechnology


ABM Industries Inc. (ABM)
XNYS
Diversified Business Services


Abraxas Petroleum Corp. (AXAS)
XNAS
Oil Extraction


Absecon Bancorp (ASCN)
OOTC
Banking


Absolute Health & Fitness Inc. (AHFI)
OOTC
Recreational Services


Absolute Software Corp. (ALSWF)
OOTC
Software


ABT Holdings Inc. (ABOT)
OOTC
Precious Metals


Abtech Holdings Inc. (ABHD)
OOTC
Industrial Machinery


ABV Consulting Inc. (ABVN)
OOTC
Advertising/Marketing/Public Relations


AC Immune S.A. (ACIU)
XNAS
Biotechnology


Acacia Communications Inc. (ACIA)
XNAS
Networking


Acacia Diversified Holdings Inc. (ACCA)
OOTC
Specialty Retail


Acacia Mining PLC (ABGLF)
OOTC
Gold


Acacia Research Corp. - Acacia Technologies (ACTG)
XNAS
Diversified Business Services


Acadia Healthcare Co. Inc. (ACHC)
XNAS
Healthcare Provision


ACADIA Pharmaceuticals Inc. (ACAD)
XNAS
Biotechnology


Acadia Realty Trust (AKR)
XNYS



Acadian Timber Corp. (ACAZF)
OOTC
Forestry & Wood Products


Acasti Pharma Inc. (ACST)
XNAS
Pharmaceuticals


Accelera Innovations Inc. (ACNV)
OOTC
Healthcare Provision


Accelerate Diagnostics Inc. (AXDX)
XNAS
Biotechnology


Accelerize Inc. (ACLZ)
XOTC
Life Insurance


Acceleron Pharma Inc. (XLRN)
XNAS
Biotechnology


Accenture PLC Cl A (ACN)
XNYS
Diversified Business Services


Access National Corp. (ANCX)
XNAS
Banking


Access Power Inc. (ACCR)
OOTC
Wired Telecommunications Services


Access Worldwide Communications Inc. (AWWC)
OOTC
Advertising/Marketing/Public Relations


Acciona S.A. (ACXIF)
OOTC
Construction


ACCO Brands Corp. (ACCO)
XNYS
Nondurable Household Products


Accor S.A. (ACRFF)
OOTC
Hotels


Accor S.A. ADR (ACCYY)
OOTC
Hotels


Accordia Golf Co. Ltd. (ACGFF)
OOTC
Recreational Services


Accredited Mortgage Loan REIT Trust 9.75% Perp. Cum. Pfd. Series A (AHHAP)
OOTC
Mortgages


Accretive Health Inc. (ACHI)
OOTC
Healthcare Provision


Accuray Inc. (ARAY)
XNAS
Medical Equipment/Supplies


Accuride Corp. (ACW)
XNYS
Auto & Commercial Vehicle Parts


AcelRx Pharmaceuticals Inc. (ACRX)
XNAS
Pharmaceuticals


Acer Inc. GDR Reg S (ACEYY)
OOTC
Computers/Consumer Electronics


Acerus Pharmaceuticals Corp. (TRLPF)
OOTC
Biotechnology


Aceto Corp. (ACET)
XNAS
Specialty Chemicals


Achaogen Inc. (AKAO)
XNAS
Biotechnology


Achillion Pharmaceuticals Inc. (ACHN)
XNAS
Biotechnology


ACI Worldwide Inc. (ACIW)
XNAS
Software



«1234567891011-2021-3031-4041-5051-6061-7071-8081-9091-94»










Log In




11:55 AM EDT
July 28, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Open


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
11:51aA global investment strategist offers up a summer reading list to make you a better investor
11:51aThis fund strategist says there’s at least one way companies can survive Amazon’s onslaught
11:50aWells Fargo: FDA plan to lower nicotine could be opportunity for Altria, Philip Morris
11:49aHere’s one Trump fan who might make you some money
11:49aWhat the solar eclipse on Aug. 21 will mean for stocks
11:48aYou’ll save money on gas with the Tesla Model 3, but you may end up paying more elsewhere
11:47aSurprise: Those ‘great’ companies generally turn out to be meh ... or duds
11:47aThis quant pro and card counter says gambling can make you a better investor
11:45aWatch out: ‘Kids’ are making the most money in this stock market 
11:45aThis basic balanced index fund is beating the hedge fund averages
11:42aGold prices trade near session highs after reports of missile test in North Korea
11:42aAug. gold climbs by $8.70, or 0.7%, to $1,268.70/oz
11:40aWeekend roundup: Amazon’s spending | Surviving Amazon |  Caterpillar’s comeback
11:37aTesla’s Model 3 will be launched with panache--and a party--later Friday
11:35aWhat we can learn about dealing with setbacks at work from the Obamacare repeal failure
11:35aWhite House should tighten sanctions on North Korea, experts say
11:27aWhat is an ICO?
11:22aOne way you’re paying credit-card fees, even if you don’t have a card
11:18aStock market edges lower, on track for weekly losses 
11:18aOil sets sights on biggest weekly gain of the year
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,795.99

-0.56
0.00%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,362.09

-20.09
-0.31%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,469.15

-6.27
-0.25%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15
















































 



Medical Waste Disposal Solutions | Sharps Mailback




























JavaScript seems to be disabled in your browser.
                    You must have JavaScript enabled in your browser to utilize the functionality of this website.                








 












Menu



Search



Account






Shopping Cart


        0        Item         
$0.00 



Shopping Cart






×


CART IS EMPTY



 






Search
Search:








Home
Contact
Request New Service
My Cart
















NARROW 
            RESULTS        


Filter

System Sizes




                1-Quart to 1.5-Quart                                (10)




                1-Gallon to 5-Gallon                                (32)




                6-Gallon to 9-Gallon                                (1)




                20-Gallon to 30-Gallon                                (16)




Disposal Type




                Amalgam Recycling                                 (2)




System Configuration




                Single Systems                                (13)




                Multipack Systems                                (27)




                Large Collection Containers                                (16)











Medical Waste





Sort By


                            Position                        

                            Name                        

                            Price                        

Set Descending Direction





                    1-15 of 60                

Show


                        9                    

                        15                    

                        30                    

                        All                    

Per Page



Page

1
2
3
4


                                            Next                                    











TakeAway Recycle System



Starting at:

                    $99.50                



View Details









1-Quart Sharps Recovery System



Starting at:

                    $32.50                



View Details









1.5-Quart Sharps Recovery System



Starting at:

                    $35.00                



View Details









Six 1-Quart Sharps Recovery System



$104.95 


Add to Cart









Twelve 1-Quart Sharps Recovery System



$157.50 


Add to Cart









Six 1.5-Quart Sharps Recovery System



$114.00 


Add to Cart









Twelve 1.5-Quart Sharps Recovery System



$178.50 


Add to Cart









1-Gallon Sharps Recovery System



Starting at:

                    $49.95                



View Details









Three 1-Gallon Sharps Recovery System



Starting at:

                    $109.00                



View Details









Four 1-Gallon Sharps Recovery System



$144.48 


Add to Cart









Six 1-Gallon Sharps Recovery System



$166.95 


Add to Cart









Eight 1-Gallon Sharps Recovery System



$198.45 


Add to Cart









5-Quart Sharps Recovery System



$53.53 


Add to Cart









5-Quart Sharps Recovery System - Intro Kit



$86.54 


Add to Cart









2-Gallon Sharps Recovery System



Starting at:

                    $59.50                



View Details










Sort By


                            Position                        

                            Name                        

                            Price                        

Set Descending Direction





                    1-15 of 60                

Show


                        9                    

                        15                    

                        30                    

                        All                    

Per Page



Page

1
2
3
4


                                            Next                                    


















Back to Top



About sharps compliance
We are a single source service provider of healthcare waste solutions for small quantity generators. Read more


About
Our Brands
Scholarship Program


Investor Relations
Contact


 
markets served

Healthcare Providers 
Non-Healthcare Businesses 
Pharmacies
Pharmaceutical Manufacturers
Managed Care Organizations
Government

 
Markets Served

Healthcare Providers
Commercial Businesses
Retail Pharmacies
Pharmaceutical Manufacturers
Government & Law Enforcement
Residential Solutions



Customer Center

SharpsTracer
ComplianceTrac
Schedule Pickup
Regulatory Compliance
Training Videos
Returns & Warranty



Connect





Social media

Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn

 

© 2017 Sharps Compliance, Inc. All Rights Reserved.



Terms of Use  |  
		Legal and Privacy  |  
		Site Map


 











 



Medical Waste Solutions for Healthcare | Online Store



























JavaScript seems to be disabled in your browser.
                    You must have JavaScript enabled in your browser to utilize the functionality of this website.                








 












Menu



Search



Account






Shopping Cart


        0        Item         
$0.00 



Shopping Cart






×


CART IS EMPTY



 






Search
Search:








Home
Contact
Request New Service
My Cart

















ONLINE Store









MEDICAL WASTE DISPOSAL SYSTEMS

                Comprehensive systems for collecting sharps, used healthcare materials and other small quantities of medical waste. Each system includes a collection containers (or multiple containers), prepaid return box with packaging materials and proper treatment. Proof of treatment is available via SharpsTracer.
            

SHOP NOW








Pharmaceutical Waste

                Complete systems for collecting, returning and proper destruction of pharmaceutical waste. We provide systems for ultimate user unused medication disposal and DEA registrant disposal. All systems include prepaid return shipping (or mailing) and proper destruction. 
            

SHOP NOW








Universal Waste

                Universal Waste are widely generated waste (fluorescent bulbs, batteries and devices containing mercury) in which the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) has reduced the regulatory requirements to encourage proper treatment. Systems include containment, prepaid return shipping and treatment. 
            

SHOP NOW








Public Safety Solutions

                We offer several sharps collection systems for public sharps disposal. Our 1.5-Quart Sharps Secure and the Coviden® 5-Quart Systems are ideal for restrooms in areas with heavy traffic such as airports, malls and hotels. Additionally, we provide spill kits to clean, disinfect and return potentially infectious waste. 
            

SHOP NOW








Pitch-It IV Poles

                Pitch-It IV Poles are ideal for home healthcare/infusion providers. Our IV poles are lightweight, 100% recyclable and affordable. When therapy is complete, Pitch-It IV Poles collapse for easy storage or can be thrown in the recycle bin for environmentally friendly disposal. 
            

SHOP NOW








Containers, Mounts & Other

                Ancillary products that include wall mounts and brackets for containers, collection container dolly, sharps transport tubes, scoop cones and more. We also sell sharps containers (non-mailback) by the case quantity and RCRA collection containers. 
            

SHOP NOW



 


















Back to Top



About sharps compliance
We are a single source service provider of healthcare waste solutions for small quantity generators. Read more


About
Our Brands
Scholarship Program


Investor Relations
Contact


 
markets served

Healthcare Providers 
Non-Healthcare Businesses 
Pharmacies
Pharmaceutical Manufacturers
Managed Care Organizations
Government

 
Markets Served

Healthcare Providers
Commercial Businesses
Retail Pharmacies
Pharmaceutical Manufacturers
Government & Law Enforcement
Residential Solutions



Customer Center

SharpsTracer
ComplianceTrac
Schedule Pickup
Regulatory Compliance
Training Videos
Returns & Warranty



Connect





Social media

Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn

 

© 2017 Sharps Compliance, Inc. All Rights Reserved.



Terms of Use  |  
		Legal and Privacy  |  
		Site Map


 











 



Public Sharps Disposal | Sharps Secure Intro Kit





























JavaScript seems to be disabled in your browser.
                    You must have JavaScript enabled in your browser to utilize the functionality of this website.                








 












Menu



Search



Account





Shopping Cart


        0        Item         
$0.00 



Shopping Cart






×


CART IS EMPTY










Search
Search:








Home
Contact
Request New Service
My Cart




























1.5-Quart Sharps Secure Needle Disposal System - Intro Kit 































1.5-Quart Sharps Secure Needle Disposal System - Intro Kit 




$150.00 




Availability:
In stock



Quick Overview
This Sharps Secure Intro Kit includes all items to safely collect sharps in public areas and then return full containers for proper treatment. 






Quantity



Add to Cart


OR








Description

 Details

The Sharps Secure Intro Kit features a sturdy, lockable collection cabinet that allows entry by authorized personnel only. When the sharps container inside the cabinet is full, it is placed in a prepaid mailback box for transport and proper treatment. The Intro Kit comes with two 1.5-quart sharps containers, so you can immediately replace the filled container.
This system allows for both standard and newer injectables, including auto-injectors to be disposed of safely. Stainless steel cabinet includes 4 holes on back of the unit for mounting; please follow OSHA recommendations when mounting.
This item includes:

 Two (2)  1.5-quart sharps container
 One (1)  stainless steel cabinet
 One (1)  1.5-quart prepaid mailback system
 Two (2) keys
 One (1) maintenance kit
 Proper treatment with documentation via SharpsTracer

Special Note: Customers in Alaska, Hawaii and US Territories (Guam, Puerto Rico and the United States Virgin Islands) must purchase through Customer Support at 800.772.5657 as the price for use varies in these areas. 


Additional Information

 Additional Information





Brand
Sharps Compliance


Size
1.5-Quart


Item Number
#50060-1


Container Dimensions
4.5"L x 4.5"W x 8.62"H


System Dimensions
Cabinet: 6"L x 6"W x 11.5"H; Mailback: 5.5"L x 5.25"W x 9.75"H


Max Return Weight
5 Lbs.


Waste Type
Sharps and Other Small Quantities of Medical Waste


Authorization Number
USPS-056A12






Who Is It For?

 



 Shopping Malls
 Airports
 Commercial Buildings
 Construction Sites
 Long-term Care Facilities




 Restaurants
 Hotels
 Manufacturing
 Retail


 


How Do I Use It?

 
Mount the 1.5-Quart Sharp Secure cabinet in accordance will all applicable regulations (OSHA recommendations). Once mounted and the container is installed, customers and employees can use the cabinet to safely dispose of needles and other sharps used for treating medical conditions.
 The Sharps Secure cabinet locks from the top for safety and security (two (2) keys are included with the Intro Kit). 
When the container inside the cabinet is ready to return for proper treatment, simply remove the container from the cabinet and place the new 1.5-quart sharps container inside the Sharps Secure cabinet (remember to lock the unit). Then package the used container into the prepaid mailback system and return for proper treatment. Proof of treatment is available via SharpsTracer. 





You may also be interested in the following product(s)


 



Covidien 5-Quart Wall Enclosure with Sharps Container 
Add to Cart

 

 



20-Gallon Sharps Recovery System with Six 5-Quart Sharps Containers
Add to Cart

 

 



Six 1-Gallon Sharps Recovery System
Add to Cart

 

 



5-Quart  RCRA Hazardous Waste Container
Add to Cart

 







Related Products



 


Six 1.5-Quart Sharps Recovery System
ADD TO CART


 

 


Twelve 1.5-Quart Sharps Recovery System
ADD TO CART


 

 


1.5-Quart Sharps Secure Needle Disposal System
ADD TO CART


 























Back to Top



About sharps compliance
We are a single source service provider of healthcare waste solutions for small quantity generators. Read more


About
Our Brands
Scholarship Program


Investor Relations
Contact


 
markets served

Healthcare Providers 
Non-Healthcare Businesses 
Pharmacies
Pharmaceutical Manufacturers
Managed Care Organizations
Government

 
Markets Served

Healthcare Providers
Commercial Businesses
Retail Pharmacies
Pharmaceutical Manufacturers
Government & Law Enforcement
Residential Solutions



Customer Center

SharpsTracer
ComplianceTrac
Schedule Pickup
Regulatory Compliance
Training Videos
Returns & Warranty



Connect





Social media

Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn

 

© 2017 Sharps Compliance, Inc. All Rights Reserved.



Terms of Use  |  
		Legal and Privacy  |  
		Site Map


 




 









Stocks Index - Markets Index
























X

Tweet
 

Share this bulletin

Get news bulletins by email

Bulletin

Pentagon confirms detection of North Korea missile launch Friday »
        




Investor Alert







New York Markets Close in:



Market Snapshot
Winners and Losers
















Stocks
Rates
Funds
Bonds
Benchmarks
Real Estate Investment Trusts
Futures
American Depository Receipt Stocks
Exchange Traded Notes
Warrants
Indexes
Exchange Traded Funds
Currencies
Crypto Currencies

Browse Stocks
Stocks A-Z


0-9ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZOther

Browse by Location

Argentina
Australia
Austria
Bahamas
Bahrain
Belgium
Bermuda
Botswana
Brazil
British Virgin Islands
Canada
Cayman Islands
Chile
China
Colombia
Curacao
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Egypt
Estonia
Finland
France
Germany
Gibraltar
Greece
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Ireland
Isle of Man
Israel
Italy
Japan
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kuwait
Latvia
Lebanon
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Malaysia
Malta
Mauritius
Mexico
Monaco
Money Rates
Morocco
Namibia
Netherlands
New Zealand
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Panama
Peru
Philippines
Poland
Portugal
Qatar
Romania
Russia
Saudi Arabia
Singapore
Slovakia
Slovenia
South Africa
South Korea
Spain
Sri Lanka
Sweden
Switzerland
Taiwan
Thailand
Tunisia
Turkey
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United States
Venezuela
Western Samoa












Log In




11:55 AM EDT
July 28, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Open


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
11:51aA global investment strategist offers up a summer reading list to make you a better investor
11:51aThis fund strategist says there’s at least one way companies can survive Amazon’s onslaught
11:50aWells Fargo: FDA plan to lower nicotine could be opportunity for Altria, Philip Morris
11:49aHere’s one Trump fan who might make you some money
11:49aWhat the solar eclipse on Aug. 21 will mean for stocks
11:48aYou’ll save money on gas with the Tesla Model 3, but you may end up paying more elsewhere
11:47aSurprise: Those ‘great’ companies generally turn out to be meh ... or duds
11:47aThis quant pro and card counter says gambling can make you a better investor
11:45aWatch out: ‘Kids’ are making the most money in this stock market 
11:45aThis basic balanced index fund is beating the hedge fund averages
11:42aGold prices trade near session highs after reports of missile test in North Korea
11:42aAug. gold climbs by $8.70, or 0.7%, to $1,268.70/oz
11:40aWeekend roundup: Amazon’s spending | Surviving Amazon |  Caterpillar’s comeback
11:37aTesla’s Model 3 will be launched with panache--and a party--later Friday
11:35aWhat we can learn about dealing with setbacks at work from the Obamacare repeal failure
11:35aWhite House should tighten sanctions on North Korea, experts say
11:27aWhat is an ICO?
11:22aOne way you’re paying credit-card fees, even if you don’t have a card
11:18aStock market edges lower, on track for weekly losses 
11:18aOil sets sights on biggest weekly gain of the year
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,795.99

-0.56
0.00%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,362.09

-20.09
-0.31%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,469.17

-6.25
-0.25%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15























































						EPS for Sharps Compliance Corp. (SMED) Expected At $0.05, Last Week EPAM Systems (EPAM) Analysts - Bibey Post								





























 























































Trending Stock News
Penny Stock News
Market News
Stock News






EPS for Sharps Compliance Corp. (SMED) Expected At $0.05, Last Week EPAM Systems (EPAM) Analysts


					
						July 27, 2017 - By Winifred Garcia


 Analysts expect Sharps Compliance Corp. (NASDAQ:SMED) to report $0.05 EPS on August, 9.They anticipate $0.03 EPS change or 150.00% from last quarter’s $0.02 EPS. SMED’s profit would be $800,333 giving it 22.50 P/E if the $0.05 EPS is correct. After having $-0.04 EPS previously, Sharps Compliance Corp.’s analysts see -225.00% EPS growth. About 37,168 shares traded or 130.19% up from the average. Sharps Compliance Corp. (NASDAQ:SMED) has risen 1.67% since July 27, 2016 and is uptrending. It has underperformed by 15.03% the S&P500.







Among 13 analysts covering EPAM Systems (NYSE:EPAM), 12 have Buy rating, 0 Sell and 1 Hold. Therefore 92% are positive. EPAM Systems had 22 analyst reports since August 6, 2015 according to SRatingsIntel. The stock of EPAM Systems Inc (NYSE:EPAM) earned “Buy” rating by Needham on Tuesday, November 8. As per Thursday, November 19, the company rating was maintained by Needham. Monness Crespi & Hardt upgraded it to “Buy” rating and $75 target in Thursday, October 20 report. As per Friday, May 6, the company rating was upgraded by Barclays Capital. Cowen & Co initiated EPAM Systems Inc (NYSE:EPAM) rating on Friday, February 19. Cowen & Co has “Outperform” rating and $80 target. On Thursday, March 9 the stock rating was maintained by Monness Crespi with “Buy”. The rating was maintained by Cantor Fitzgerald on Friday, May 5 with “Buy”. The firm earned “Buy” rating on Friday, May 27 by Citigroup. Monness Crespi maintained the shares of EPAM in report on Wednesday, May 10 with “Buy” rating. Wedbush maintained the shares of EPAM in report on Monday, May 8 with “Outperform” rating. See EPAM Systems Inc (NYSE:EPAM) latest ratings:
10/05/2017 Broker: Monness Crespi Rating: Buy Old Target: $82.00 New Target: $91.00 Maintain08/05/2017 Broker: Wedbush Rating: Outperform Old Target: $82.00 New Target: $90.00 Maintain05/05/2017 Broker: Cantor Fitzgerald Rating: Buy New Target: $78.00 Maintain07/04/2017 Broker: Credit Suisse Rating: Outperform New Target: $90.00 Initiates Coverage On09/03/2017 Broker: Monness Crespi Rating: Buy Old Target: $75.00 New Target: $82.00 Maintain17/02/2017 Broker: Needham Rating: Buy Old Target: $75 New Target: $82 Maintain
EPAM Systems, Inc. is a g provider of software product development and digital platform engineering services to clients located primarily in North America, Europe, Asia and Australia. The company has market cap of $4.48 billion. The Company’s service offerings cover the full software product development lifecycle from digital strategy and customer experience design to enterprise application platforms implementation and program management services and from complex software development services to maintenance, support, custom application development, application testing, and infrastructure management. It has a 46.75 P/E ratio. The Company’s service offerings include Software Product Development Services, Custom Application Development Services, Application Testing Services, Enterprise Application Platforms, Application Maintenance and Support, and Infrastructure Management Services.
Investors sentiment increased to 0.88 in 2016 Q4. Its up 0.09, from 0.79 in 2016Q3. It is positive, as 33 investors sold EPAM Systems Inc shares while 66 reduced holdings. 29 funds opened positions while 58 raised stakes. 45.48 million shares or 4.71% less from 47.73 million shares in 2016Q3 were reported. Sg Americas holds 0% of its portfolio in EPAM Systems Inc (NYSE:EPAM) for 2,998 shares. State Common Retirement Fund has invested 0% of its portfolio in EPAM Systems Inc (NYSE:EPAM). Com National Bank reported 6,591 shares stake. Blackrock Investment Limited Liability Company has 0.01% invested in EPAM Systems Inc (NYSE:EPAM) for 180,041 shares. Nomura accumulated 4,423 shares. Ftb Advsr owns 225 shares. Herndon Mgmt Lc holds 415 shares. Tudor Investment Corporation Et Al reported 7,219 shares stake. Gilder Gagnon Howe And Communication Ltd has invested 0.8% in EPAM Systems Inc (NYSE:EPAM). Emerald Mutual Fund Advisers Trust reported 363,477 shares. Principal Financial Grp owns 6,790 shares. Paloma Mgmt Co holds 0.01% of its portfolio in EPAM Systems Inc (NYSE:EPAM) for 16,532 shares. 582,851 are held by Wasatch. Fmr Ltd Liability Corp owns 0.03% invested in EPAM Systems Inc (NYSE:EPAM) for 3.08 million shares. 17,850 were reported by Cs Mckee L P.
Since March 3, 2017, it had 0 insider buys, and 9 sales for $8.87 million activity. 5,000 shares valued at $375,482 were sold by Dobkin Arkadiy on Monday, April 10. On Thursday, June 1 the insider Mosier Ginger sold $2.23M. Shekhter Elaina had sold 2,875 shares worth $231,808 on Friday, May 12. Shares for $2.90M were sold by Fejes Balazs on Monday, June 5.
 About 27,396 shares traded. EPAM Systems Inc (NYSE:EPAM) has risen 15.98% since July 27, 2016 and is uptrending. It has underperformed by 0.72% the S&P500.
Sharps Compliance Corp. is a provider of waste management services, including medical, pharmaceutical and hazardous. The company has market cap of $72.03 million. The Company’s solutions include Sharps Recovery System, TakeAway Medication Recovery System, MedSafe, Route-Based Pickup Service, TakeAway Recycle System, ComplianceTRAC, Universal Waste Shipback Systems and Other Solutions. It currently has negative earnings. The Company’s solutions facilitate the collection, containment, transportation and treatment of various types of healthcare-related materials, including hypodermic needles, lancets and other devices or objects used to puncture or lacerate the skin, or sharps, hazardous waste and unused consumer dispensed medications and over-the-counter drugs.
Investors sentiment increased to 1.45 in Q4 2016. Its up 0.80, from 0.65 in 2016Q3. It improved, as 2 investors sold Sharps Compliance Corp. shares while 9 reduced holdings. 5 funds opened positions while 11 raised stakes. 3.99 million shares or 5.10% more from 3.80 million shares in 2016Q3 were reported. Renaissance Technologies Ltd Company stated it has 0% in Sharps Compliance Corp. (NASDAQ:SMED). California Pub Employees Retirement Systems holds 29,600 shares. Moreover, Anderson Hoagland & has 0.16% invested in Sharps Compliance Corp. (NASDAQ:SMED) for 73,785 shares. 18,000 were accumulated by Malaga Cove Cap Ltd Liability Company. The United Kingdom-based Gsa Capital Llp has invested 0.02% in Sharps Compliance Corp. (NASDAQ:SMED). Barnett And Company Incorporated holds 0% or 900 shares in its portfolio. Hanson Mcclain has 0% invested in Sharps Compliance Corp. (NASDAQ:SMED). National Bank & Trust Of New York Mellon Corp has invested 0% of its portfolio in Sharps Compliance Corp. (NASDAQ:SMED). Blackrock Fund Advsrs, California-based fund reported 33,729 shares. Heartland Advisors holds 600,000 shares or 0.13% of its portfolio. Thompson Davis & has invested 0.06% in Sharps Compliance Corp. (NASDAQ:SMED). Neuberger Berman Grp Limited Co invested in 81,432 shares or 0% of the stock. Ingalls & Snyder Limited Liability Company has 0.01% invested in Sharps Compliance Corp. (NASDAQ:SMED). Morgan Stanley reported 0% in Sharps Compliance Corp. (NASDAQ:SMED). Mesirow Financial Inv Management reported 43,041 shares.
Among 2 analysts covering Sharps Compliance (NASDAQ:SMED), 1 have Buy rating, 0 Sell and 1 Hold. Therefore 50% are positive. Sharps Compliance had 3 analyst reports since September 23, 2015 according to SRatingsIntel. The stock has “Buy” rating by Stifel Nicolaus on Wednesday, July 19. First Analysis downgraded Sharps Compliance Corp. (NASDAQ:SMED) on Friday, August 12 to “Equal-Weight” rating. The firm has “Buy” rating by Stifel Nicolaus given on Wednesday, September 23.








By Winifred Garcia
Echostar Corporation-Receive News & Ratings Via Email - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings with our FREE daily email newsletter.








 

 




 
Free Newsletter Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for your stocks with our FREE daily email newsletter:






  Recent Posts 

$0.04 EPS Expected for TechTarget (TTGT), 1 Analysts Are Bullish Teradata (TDC) Last Week


Altisource Portfolio Solutions S.A. (ASPS) Reaches $26.06 After 8.00% Down Move, XG Tech (XGTI) Shorts Decreased By 11.28%


Total Energy Services (TOT) EPS Estimated At $-0.03; Towle & Co Lifted Its Meritor (MTOR) Position


Columbia Wanger Asset Management Has Upped Its Ultimate Software Group Inc/The (ULTI) Holding, Employees Retirement System Of Texas Lowered By $1.58 Million Its Commvault Systems (CVLT) Position


Clovis Capital Management LP Has Decreased Colony Cap (CLNY) Position By $18.00 Million; Scharf Investments Cut By $5.02 Million Its Dollar Gen New (DG) Holding


Haverford Trust Company Has Cut Its Twenty (FOX) Holding, Polen Capital Management Has Raised Its O Reilly Automotive New (ORLY) Position


Canaccord Genuity Reaffirms a Buy Rating on Versartis (VSAR) and $28.0000 Target; 5 Analysts Covering Republic Services, Inc. (RSG)


Roth Capital Reaffirms a Buy Rating on Dynamic Materials (BOOM) and $18.5000 Target; Zeke Capital Advisors Lifted By $932,165 Its Qualcomm Com (QCOM) Holding


$0.03 EPS Expected for Freehold Royalties Ltd (FRU), Alphaone Investment Services Raised By $807,300 Its Invacare (IVC) Holding


EPS for CHINOOK ENERGY INC. (CKE) Expected At $-0.01; WATER TECHN INDUSTRIES (WTII) Shorts Raised By 16.34%







© Copyright 2015-2017 Bibey Post Inc - bibeypost.com       About - Our Team - Contact












 



DEA Reverse Distribution | Medication Disposal





























JavaScript seems to be disabled in your browser.
                    You must have JavaScript enabled in your browser to utilize the functionality of this website.                








 












Menu



Search



Account






Shopping Cart


        0        Item         
$0.00 



Shopping Cart






×


CART IS EMPTY



 






Search
Search:








Home
Contact
Request New Service
My Cart




























TakeAway Medication Recovery- DEA Reverse Distribution for Registrants































TakeAway Medication Recovery- DEA Reverse Distribution for Registrants





Availability:
In stock



Quick Overview
The TakeAway Medication Recovery System for DEA Reverse Distribution for Registrants is a DEA-compliant collection, return and destruction solution for DEA registrants' expired or unused controlled substances. The system includes prepaid return transportation, materials to package for return, complete documentation of returned pharmaceuticals and proper disposal with online proof of destruction.
*This product is intended for inventory clean out ONLY.*








                    1.25-Gallon TakeAway Medication Recovery Systems (DEA)                




$130.00 







                    2.5-Gallon TakeAway Medication Recovery Systems (DEA)                




$145.00 







                    5-Gallon TakeAway Medication Recovery Systems (DEA)                




$205.00 



Quantity:










Add to Cart


OR








Description

 Details

The TakeAway Medication Recovery System for DEA Reverse Distribution for Registrants is a cost-effective, DEA-compliant collection, return and destruction solution for DEA registrants' expired or unused controlled substances. It offers DEA registrants an affordable and easy-to-use solution to properly dispose of inventory unused controlled substances (Schedules II-V). There is one price for collection, shipping, proper destruction and documentation and no hidden fees or contracts. 
 You must list all of your unused/expired inventory on the DEA Controlled Substances for Destruction Form before the system will be shipped to you. Therefore, do not order the product unless you currently have inventory to dispose of.
Systems include:

 Prepaid return transportation
 Materials to package for return
 Complete documentation of returned pharmaceuticals
Proper disposal with online proof of destruction

Please read the following:
  This system is for DEA registrants only.
  All orders must be placed with DEA registrant’s registration number and will not be accepted without it.
  Please include your registration number in the notes section upon checkout.
  Orders will not be released until your DEA registration number & DEA Controlled Substances for Destruction Form are approved.
  Product  should only be used to clean out preexisting  inventory. 

 Price does not include outbound freight or sales tax.
 


Additional Information

 Additional Information





Brand
TakeAway Medication Recovery System


Size
Multiple Configurations


Item Number
#87011 (1.25-Gallon);  #87012 (2.5-Gallon); #87015 (5-Gallon)


Container Dimensions
1.25-GAL (9.143"H x 8.875"DIA); 2.5-GAL (12.75”H x 11.5"DIA); 5-GAL (16.25"H x 13.25"DIA)


System Dimensions
1.25-GAL (10.5"L x 10"W x 10.25”H); 2.5-GAL (12.5"L x 12.5"W x 12.5"H); 5-GAL (13.75"L x 13.75"W x 17.75"H)


Max Return Weight
1.25-GAL (5 lbs); 2.5-GAL (10 lbs); 5-GAL (14 lbs)


Waste Type
DEA Reverse Distribution for Registrants


Authorization Number
Exempt






Who Is It For?

 
The TakeAway Medication Recovery System is only for use by DEA Registrants looking to dispose of expired or unused controlled substances. No hazardous pharmaceuticals or biohazardous materials are allowed.



 Dental Offices
 Medical Offices
 Long-Term Care Facilities




 State and Federal Government
 Veterinary Hospitals
 Urgent Care




 Schools and Universities
 Emergency Health Services
 Other DEA Registrants


 


How Do I Use It?

 
All orders must be placed with DEA registrant’s registration number and will not be accepted without it. Please include your registration number in the notes section upon checkout, or Customer Service will follow up with you. Orders will not be released until your DEA registration number & DEA Controlled Substances for Destruction Form are approved.
You must complete the DEA Controlled Substances for Destruction Form and then fax it to 713.660.3566 or email it to ses@sharpsinc.com.
Once approved, the order is released for use. 
If Schedule II drugs are included, the treatment facility will complete DEA Form 222 that will be sent to the registrant. Affix the label to the package, and return it to the treatment facility for inventory verification, documentation and final destruction. Maintain copies of records documenting the transfer and disposal of controlled substances for two years per DEA recommendations. 





You may also be interested in the following product(s)


 



20-Gallon Sharps Recovery System
Add to Cart

 

 



4-FT Fluorescent Lamp Recycling Box
Add to Cart

 

 



Small Battery Drop Box
Add to Cart

 

 



1.25-Gallon Spill Kit Sharps Recovery System
Add to Cart

 







Related Products



 


20-Gallon TakeAway Environmental Return System
ADD TO CART


 

 


1-Gallon TakeAway Medication Recovery System (UPS)
ADD TO CART


 

 


TakeAway Medication Recovery Envelope (USPS) - Case of 12 with Display
ADD TO CART


 























Back to Top



About sharps compliance
We are a single source service provider of healthcare waste solutions for small quantity generators. Read more


About
Our Brands
Scholarship Program


Investor Relations
Contact


 
markets served

Healthcare Providers 
Non-Healthcare Businesses 
Pharmacies
Pharmaceutical Manufacturers
Managed Care Organizations
Government

 
Markets Served

Healthcare Providers
Commercial Businesses
Retail Pharmacies
Pharmaceutical Manufacturers
Government & Law Enforcement
Residential Solutions



Customer Center

SharpsTracer
ComplianceTrac
Schedule Pickup
Regulatory Compliance
Training Videos
Returns & Warranty



Connect





Social media

Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn

 

© 2017 Sharps Compliance, Inc. All Rights Reserved.



Terms of Use  |  
		Legal and Privacy  |  
		Site Map


 




 






 



Public Sharps Disposal | Sharps Secure Intro Kit





























JavaScript seems to be disabled in your browser.
                    You must have JavaScript enabled in your browser to utilize the functionality of this website.                








 












Menu



Search



Account





Shopping Cart


        0        Item         
$0.00 



Shopping Cart






×


CART IS EMPTY










Search
Search:








Home
Contact
Request New Service
My Cart




























1.5-Quart Sharps Secure Needle Disposal System - Intro Kit 































1.5-Quart Sharps Secure Needle Disposal System - Intro Kit 




$150.00 




Availability:
In stock



Quick Overview
This Sharps Secure Intro Kit includes all items to safely collect sharps in public areas and then return full containers for proper treatment. 






Quantity



Add to Cart


OR








Description

 Details

The Sharps Secure Intro Kit features a sturdy, lockable collection cabinet that allows entry by authorized personnel only. When the sharps container inside the cabinet is full, it is placed in a prepaid mailback box for transport and proper treatment. The Intro Kit comes with two 1.5-quart sharps containers, so you can immediately replace the filled container.
This system allows for both standard and newer injectables, including auto-injectors to be disposed of safely. Stainless steel cabinet includes 4 holes on back of the unit for mounting; please follow OSHA recommendations when mounting.
This item includes:

 Two (2)  1.5-quart sharps container
 One (1)  stainless steel cabinet
 One (1)  1.5-quart prepaid mailback system
 Two (2) keys
 One (1) maintenance kit
 Proper treatment with documentation via SharpsTracer

Special Note: Customers in Alaska, Hawaii and US Territories (Guam, Puerto Rico and the United States Virgin Islands) must purchase through Customer Support at 800.772.5657 as the price for use varies in these areas. 


Additional Information

 Additional Information





Brand
Sharps Compliance


Size
1.5-Quart


Item Number
#50060-1


Container Dimensions
4.5"L x 4.5"W x 8.62"H


System Dimensions
Cabinet: 6"L x 6"W x 11.5"H; Mailback: 5.5"L x 5.25"W x 9.75"H


Max Return Weight
5 Lbs.


Waste Type
Sharps and Other Small Quantities of Medical Waste


Authorization Number
USPS-056A12






Who Is It For?

 



 Shopping Malls
 Airports
 Commercial Buildings
 Construction Sites
 Long-term Care Facilities




 Restaurants
 Hotels
 Manufacturing
 Retail


 


How Do I Use It?

 
Mount the 1.5-Quart Sharp Secure cabinet in accordance will all applicable regulations (OSHA recommendations). Once mounted and the container is installed, customers and employees can use the cabinet to safely dispose of needles and other sharps used for treating medical conditions.
 The Sharps Secure cabinet locks from the top for safety and security (two (2) keys are included with the Intro Kit). 
When the container inside the cabinet is ready to return for proper treatment, simply remove the container from the cabinet and place the new 1.5-quart sharps container inside the Sharps Secure cabinet (remember to lock the unit). Then package the used container into the prepaid mailback system and return for proper treatment. Proof of treatment is available via SharpsTracer. 





You may also be interested in the following product(s)


 



Covidien 5-Quart Wall Enclosure with Sharps Container 
Add to Cart

 

 



20-Gallon Sharps Recovery System with Six 5-Quart Sharps Containers
Add to Cart

 

 



Six 1-Gallon Sharps Recovery System
Add to Cart

 

 



5-Quart  RCRA Hazardous Waste Container
Add to Cart

 







Related Products



 


Six 1.5-Quart Sharps Recovery System
ADD TO CART


 

 


Twelve 1.5-Quart Sharps Recovery System
ADD TO CART


 

 


1.5-Quart Sharps Secure Needle Disposal System
ADD TO CART


 























Back to Top



About sharps compliance
We are a single source service provider of healthcare waste solutions for small quantity generators. Read more


About
Our Brands
Scholarship Program


Investor Relations
Contact


 
markets served

Healthcare Providers 
Non-Healthcare Businesses 
Pharmacies
Pharmaceutical Manufacturers
Managed Care Organizations
Government

 
Markets Served

Healthcare Providers
Commercial Businesses
Retail Pharmacies
Pharmaceutical Manufacturers
Government & Law Enforcement
Residential Solutions



Customer Center

SharpsTracer
ComplianceTrac
Schedule Pickup
Regulatory Compliance
Training Videos
Returns & Warranty



Connect





Social media

Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn

 

© 2017 Sharps Compliance, Inc. All Rights Reserved.



Terms of Use  |  
		Legal and Privacy  |  
		Site Map


 




 











Contact Sharps Compliance







 















Home
Contact
Request New Service
My Cart



























Menu
Search
Account
Cart





SERVICES
MARKETS SERVED
STORE
CUSTOMER CENTER
BLOG
LOGIN





















Contact Sharps Compliance








Home
Contact Sharps Compliance











 







General Inquiry
Thank you for your interest in Sharps Compliance. Fields marked with an asterisk (*) are required.







Sharps Compliance, Inc.
9220 Kirby Drive, Suite 500Houston, Texas 77054
  Tel: (713) 432-0300
  Fax: (713) 838-0508




Customer Service
  Tel: (713) 432-0300
  Tel: (800) 772-5657
  Fax: (713) 432-0555
  Email: sharps@sharpsinc.com




Sales Inquiries
  Tel: (713) 432-0300
  Fax: (713) 838-0508
  Email: sales@sharpsinc.com




Treatment Services
Sharps Environmental Services, Inc.
1544 NE Loop
                           	Carthage, Texas 75633
  Tel: (903) 693-2525
  Email: ses@sharpsinc.com




Investor Information
  Tel: (713) 432-0300
  Fax: (713) 838-0508
  Email: investor@sharpsinc.com




Transfer Agent
Registrar and Transfer Co.
10 Commerce Dr.
                            	Cranford, NJ 07016














 



DEA Reverse Distribution | Medication Disposal





























JavaScript seems to be disabled in your browser.
                    You must have JavaScript enabled in your browser to utilize the functionality of this website.                








 












Menu



Search



Account






Shopping Cart


        0        Item         
$0.00 



Shopping Cart






×


CART IS EMPTY



 






Search
Search:








Home
Contact
Request New Service
My Cart




























TakeAway Medication Recovery- DEA Reverse Distribution for Registrants































TakeAway Medication Recovery- DEA Reverse Distribution for Registrants





Availability:
In stock



Quick Overview
The TakeAway Medication Recovery System for DEA Reverse Distribution for Registrants is a DEA-compliant collection, return and destruction solution for DEA registrants' expired or unused controlled substances. The system includes prepaid return transportation, materials to package for return, complete documentation of returned pharmaceuticals and proper disposal with online proof of destruction.
*This product is intended for inventory clean out ONLY.*








                    1.25-Gallon TakeAway Medication Recovery Systems (DEA)                




$130.00 







                    2.5-Gallon TakeAway Medication Recovery Systems (DEA)                




$145.00 







                    5-Gallon TakeAway Medication Recovery Systems (DEA)                




$205.00 



Quantity:










Add to Cart


OR








Description

 Details

The TakeAway Medication Recovery System for DEA Reverse Distribution for Registrants is a cost-effective, DEA-compliant collection, return and destruction solution for DEA registrants' expired or unused controlled substances. It offers DEA registrants an affordable and easy-to-use solution to properly dispose of inventory unused controlled substances (Schedules II-V). There is one price for collection, shipping, proper destruction and documentation and no hidden fees or contracts. 
 You must list all of your unused/expired inventory on the DEA Controlled Substances for Destruction Form before the system will be shipped to you. Therefore, do not order the product unless you currently have inventory to dispose of.
Systems include:

 Prepaid return transportation
 Materials to package for return
 Complete documentation of returned pharmaceuticals
Proper disposal with online proof of destruction

Please read the following:
  This system is for DEA registrants only.
  All orders must be placed with DEA registrant’s registration number and will not be accepted without it.
  Please include your registration number in the notes section upon checkout.
  Orders will not be released until your DEA registration number & DEA Controlled Substances for Destruction Form are approved.
  Product  should only be used to clean out preexisting  inventory. 

 Price does not include outbound freight or sales tax.
 


Additional Information

 Additional Information





Brand
TakeAway Medication Recovery System


Size
Multiple Configurations


Item Number
#87011 (1.25-Gallon);  #87012 (2.5-Gallon); #87015 (5-Gallon)


Container Dimensions
1.25-GAL (9.143"H x 8.875"DIA); 2.5-GAL (12.75”H x 11.5"DIA); 5-GAL (16.25"H x 13.25"DIA)


System Dimensions
1.25-GAL (10.5"L x 10"W x 10.25”H); 2.5-GAL (12.5"L x 12.5"W x 12.5"H); 5-GAL (13.75"L x 13.75"W x 17.75"H)


Max Return Weight
1.25-GAL (5 lbs); 2.5-GAL (10 lbs); 5-GAL (14 lbs)


Waste Type
DEA Reverse Distribution for Registrants


Authorization Number
Exempt






Who Is It For?

 
The TakeAway Medication Recovery System is only for use by DEA Registrants looking to dispose of expired or unused controlled substances. No hazardous pharmaceuticals or biohazardous materials are allowed.



 Dental Offices
 Medical Offices
 Long-Term Care Facilities




 State and Federal Government
 Veterinary Hospitals
 Urgent Care




 Schools and Universities
 Emergency Health Services
 Other DEA Registrants


 


How Do I Use It?

 
All orders must be placed with DEA registrant’s registration number and will not be accepted without it. Please include your registration number in the notes section upon checkout, or Customer Service will follow up with you. Orders will not be released until your DEA registration number & DEA Controlled Substances for Destruction Form are approved.
You must complete the DEA Controlled Substances for Destruction Form and then fax it to 713.660.3566 or email it to ses@sharpsinc.com.
Once approved, the order is released for use. 
If Schedule II drugs are included, the treatment facility will complete DEA Form 222 that will be sent to the registrant. Affix the label to the package, and return it to the treatment facility for inventory verification, documentation and final destruction. Maintain copies of records documenting the transfer and disposal of controlled substances for two years per DEA recommendations. 





You may also be interested in the following product(s)


 



20-Gallon Sharps Recovery System
Add to Cart

 

 



4-FT Fluorescent Lamp Recycling Box
Add to Cart

 

 



Small Battery Drop Box
Add to Cart

 

 



1.25-Gallon Spill Kit Sharps Recovery System
Add to Cart

 







Related Products



 


20-Gallon TakeAway Environmental Return System
ADD TO CART


 

 


1-Gallon TakeAway Medication Recovery System (UPS)
ADD TO CART


 

 


TakeAway Medication Recovery Envelope (USPS) - Case of 12 with Display
ADD TO CART


 























Back to Top



About sharps compliance
We are a single source service provider of healthcare waste solutions for small quantity generators. Read more


About
Our Brands
Scholarship Program


Investor Relations
Contact


 
markets served

Healthcare Providers 
Non-Healthcare Businesses 
Pharmacies
Pharmaceutical Manufacturers
Managed Care Organizations
Government

 
Markets Served

Healthcare Providers
Commercial Businesses
Retail Pharmacies
Pharmaceutical Manufacturers
Government & Law Enforcement
Residential Solutions



Customer Center

SharpsTracer
ComplianceTrac
Schedule Pickup
Regulatory Compliance
Training Videos
Returns & Warranty



Connect





Social media

Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn

 

© 2017 Sharps Compliance, Inc. All Rights Reserved.



Terms of Use  |  
		Legal and Privacy  |  
		Site Map


 




 











Sharps Compliance Login Page for All Systems







 















Home
Contact
Request New Service
My Cart



























Menu
Search
Account
Cart





SERVICES
MARKETS SERVED
STORE
CUSTOMER CENTER
BLOG
LOGIN





















Customer Login Portal








Home
Customer Login Portal











 




Choose an Account


Store Account Login
Order online and check account history.



Sharps Tracer Login
Download Proof of treatment documents.



Compliance Trac Login
Online access to OSHA compliance suite and training.



Asset Return Login
Track and manage oustanding assets.















SMED Stock Price - Sharps Compliance Corp. Stock Quote (U.S.: Nasdaq) - MarketWatch



























 














































 















Sections

Watchlist




























Signup
 • 
Login

Search





Bulletin

Pentagon confirms detection of North Korea missile launch Friday






Bulletin











US
Europe
Asia
FX
Rates
Futures


Range


1D
5D
1M
3M
6M
1Y
2Y











Dow

21,795.91


-0.64


0.00%











S&P 500

2,469.15


-6.27


-0.25%











Nasdaq

6,362.05


-20.13


-0.32%











GlobalDow

2,847.31


-3.77


-0.13%











Gold

1,275.60


9.10


0.72%











Oil

49.66


0.62


1.26%

















S&P 500 Movers(%)



ALGN 
9.4




MHK 
4.5




COL 
3.6




HIG 
3.3






GT
-11.3




FLS
-10.0




MO
-9.2




MAT
-8.7














Latest NewsAll Times Eastern








11:51a

Updated
A global investment strategist offers up a summer reading list to make you a better investor



11:50a

Updated
This fund strategist says there’s at least one way companies can survive Amazon’s onslaught



11:50a

Wells Fargo: FDA plan to lower nicotine could be opportunity for Altria, Philip Morris



11:49a

Updated
Here’s one Trump fan who might make you some money



11:48a

Updated
What the solar eclipse on Aug. 21 will mean for stocks



11:47a

Updated
You’ll save money on gas with the Tesla Model 3, but you may end up paying more elsewhere



11:47a

Updated
Surprise: Those ‘great’ companies generally turn out to be meh ... or duds



11:47a

Updated
This quant pro and card counter says gambling can make you a better investor



11:45a

Updated
Watch out: ‘Kids’ are making the most money in this stock market 



11:45a

Updated
This basic balanced index fund is beating the hedge fund averages












to be replaced

























































































































    




Home


Investing


Quotes


Stocks


United States


SMED


Overview



Compare Quotes
Stock Screener
Earnings Calendar
Sectors
Nasdaq

 



SMED
U.S.: Nasdaq


Join TD Ameritrade

Find a Broker


Sharps Compliance Corp.

Watchlist 
CreateSMEDAlert



  


Open

Last Updated: Jul 27, 2017 4:00 p.m. EDT
Delayed quote



$
4.47



0.00
0.00%






Previous Close




$4.4700





  









Advanced Charting


1D
5D
1M
3M
6M
YTD
1Y
3Y
All




$
%
Vol


Advanced Charting

  




0.125% vs Avg.




                Volume:               
                
                    20
                


                65 Day Avg. - 16.1K
            





Open: 4.41
Last: 4.47



4.3400
Day Low/High
4.5100





Day Range



3.3200
52 Week Low/High
5.4400


   








Your Watchlist



Customize MarketWatch
Have Watchlists? Log in to see them here or sign up to get started.

Create Account

                    … or Log In

















Symbol
Last
Chg
Chg %

















No Items in Watchlist
There are currently no items in this Watchlist.

Add Ticker to Watchlist




 (Go to Your Watchlist) 




No Saved Watchlists
Create a list of the investments you want to track.

Create Watchlist

                    …or try this starter list






Uh oh
Something went wrong while loading Watchlist.

Go to Watchlist



 

Recently Viewed Tickers



No Recent Tickers
Visit a quote page and your recently viewed tickers will be displayed here.

Search Tickers



















   





Overview


Profile


News


Charts


Financials


Historical Quotes


Analyst Estimates


Options


SEC Filings


Insiders



   




Key Data



Open
$4.41



Day Range
4.3400 - 4.5100



52 Week Range
3.3200 - 5.4400



Market Cap
$71.55M



Shares Outstanding
16.01M



Public Float
11.86M



Beta
0.33



Rev. per Employee
$336.66K



P/E Ratio
n/a



EPS
$-0.10



Yield
n/a



Dividend
n/a



Ex-Dividend Date
n/a



Short Interest
143.13K
07/14/17


% of Float Shorted
1.21%



Average Volume
16.05K




 


Performance




5 Day


1.82%







1 Month


5.67%







3 Month


3.95%







YTD


16.71%







1 Year


-14.04%









  

 
 


Recent News



MarketWatch
Other Dow Jones











Ebola stocks: 2 to sell, and 5 to consider buying

Oct. 13, 2014 at 12:09 p.m. ET
by Nigam Arora









Swisscom Q3 sales up 1.6% at SFr2.4B


Nov. 8, 2006 at 2:16 a.m. ET
by Sarah Turner









Sharps Compliance Q4 ops loss 1c vs 2c loss yr ago


Aug. 11, 2003 at 10:06 a.m. ET
by Maggie McNeil









Sharps Compliance names David Tusa CFO


Mar. 12, 2003 at 11:52 a.m. ET
by Maggie McNeil







No Headlines Available











Recent News



Other News
Press Releases






Wall Street Breakfast: Tesla Gears Up For Model 3
Wall Street Breakfast: Tesla Gears Up For Model 3

Jul. 3, 2017 at 6:55 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Ebola outbreak over in Congo
Ebola outbreak over in Congo

Jul. 3, 2017 at 3:58 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





New Strong Sell Stocks for June 26th
Here are 5 stocks added to the Zacks Rank #5 (Strong Sell) List today:

Jun. 26, 2017 at 9:32 a.m. ET
on Zacks.com





New Strong Sell Stocks for June 20th
Here are 5 stocks added to the Zacks Rank #5 (Strong Sell) List today:

Jun. 20, 2017 at 10:31 a.m. ET
on Zacks.com





New Strong Sell Stocks for May 26th
Here are 5 stocks added to the Zacks Rank #5 (Strong Sell) List today:

May. 26, 2017 at 9:23 a.m. ET
on Zacks.com





Congo clears Merck's Ebola vaccine
Congo clears Merck's Ebola vaccine

May. 29, 2017 at 7:10 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





10-Q: SHARPS COMPLIANCE CORP
10-Q: SHARPS COMPLIANCE CORP

May. 4, 2017 at 1:05 p.m. ET
on Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)





SHARPS COMPLIANCE's (SMED) CEO David Tusa on Q3 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


Apr. 26, 2017 at 3:03 p.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Notable earnings before Wednesday’s open


Apr. 25, 2017 at 5:30 p.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





10-Q: SHARPS COMPLIANCE CORP


Feb. 1, 2017 at 1:35 p.m. ET
on Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)





Sharps Compliance's (SMED) CEO David Tusa on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


Jan. 25, 2017 at 5:39 p.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Asymmetric Allocation: 3 Reasons Why SRCL/SMED Is A Great Long/Short Reversion To The Mean Story


Jan. 19, 2017 at 7:47 p.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Sharp Compliance - Cleaning Up The Drugs In The U.S.


Nov. 14, 2016 at 8:35 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





10-Q: SHARPS COMPLIANCE CORP


Nov. 3, 2016 at 10:05 a.m. ET
on Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)





Sharps Compliance's (SMED) CEO David Tusa on Q1 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


Oct. 26, 2016 at 3:59 p.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Notable earnings before Wednesday’s open


Oct. 25, 2016 at 5:30 p.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





8 Health Care Providers & Services Stocks to Sell Now


Sep. 20, 2016 at 9:00 a.m. ET
on InvestorPlace.com





Sharps Compliance: Clean Balance Sheet, Double-Digit Revenue Growth, And Expanding Margins At An Attractive Price


Sep. 16, 2016 at 3:54 p.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





4 Health Care Providers & Services Stocks to Sell Now


Sep. 13, 2016 at 8:45 a.m. ET
on InvestorPlace.com





5 Stocks to Avoid in the Market's Typically Worst Month


Sep. 1, 2016 at 10:48 a.m. ET
on Zacks.com









Sharps Compliance Announces Fourth Quarter and Year End Fiscal 2017 Conference Call and Webcast
Sharps Compliance Announces Fourth Quarter and Year End Fiscal 2017 Conference Call and Webcast

Jul. 26, 2017 at 8:30 a.m. ET
on GlobeNewswire





Sharps Compliance Corp. to Attend the Stifel 2017 Industrials Conference
Sharps Compliance Corp. to Attend the Stifel 2017 Industrials Conference

Jun. 5, 2017 at 8:31 a.m. ET
on GlobeNewswire





Sharps Compliance, Inc. Announces Contest to Give Away 20 MedSafe(R) Collection Receptacles and Liners for Expired Medications
Sharps Compliance, Inc. Announces Contest to Give Away 20 MedSafe(R) Collection Receptacles and Liners for Expired Medications

May. 1, 2017 at 3:49 a.m. ET
on PRWeb





Sharps Compliance Reports Fiscal 2017 Third Quarter Results


Apr. 26, 2017 at 6:55 a.m. ET
on GlobeNewswire





Investor Network Invites You to the Sharps Compliance Third Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call and Webcast Live on Wednesday, April 26, 2017


Apr. 25, 2017 at 4:05 p.m. ET
on ACCESSWIRE





Sharps Compliance Announces Third Quarter Fiscal 2017 Conference Call and Webcast


Apr. 20, 2017 at 9:24 a.m. ET
on GlobeNewswire





Sharps Compliance Announces New Credit Facility


Apr. 3, 2017 at 8:31 a.m. ET
on GlobeNewswire





Sharps Compliance Corp. to Attend Gabelli & Company's 3rd Annual Waste & Environmental Services Symposium


Feb. 23, 2017 at 8:31 a.m. ET
on GlobeNewswire





Gabelli & Company’s Waste & Environmental Services Symposium


Feb. 15, 2017 at 7:00 a.m. ET
on BusinessWire - BZX





Sharps Compliance Reports Fiscal 2017 Second Quarter Results


Jan. 25, 2017 at 6:55 a.m. ET
on GlobeNewswire





Investor Network Invites You to the Sharps Compliance Second Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call and Webcast Live on Wednesday, January 25, 2017


Jan. 24, 2017 at 4:06 p.m. ET
on ACCESSWIRE





Sharps Compliance Announces Second Quarter Fiscal 2017 Conference Call and Webcast


Jan. 11, 2017 at 8:30 a.m. ET
on GlobeNewswire





Sharps Compliance Reports Fiscal 2017 First Quarter Results; Revenue Increases 21%


Oct. 26, 2016 at 6:56 a.m. ET
on GlobeNewswire





Investor Calendar Invites You to the Sharps Compliance First Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call and Webcast Live on Wednesday, October 26, 2016


Oct. 25, 2016 at 4:12 p.m. ET
on ACCESSWIRE





Sharps Compliance Announces First Quarter Fiscal 2017 Conference Call and Webcast


Oct. 18, 2016 at 8:31 a.m. ET
on GlobeNewswire





Sharps Compliance Corp. Announces Resignation of Senior Vice President of Sales


Sep. 9, 2016 at 10:15 a.m. ET
on GlobeNewswire





Sharps Compliance Corp. to Attend Robert W. Baird & Co. 2016 Global Healthcare Conference


Aug. 31, 2016 at 8:21 a.m. ET
on GlobeNewswire





Medical Waste Management Market - Medical Waste Management - Type and Service; Pharmaceutical Waste Management - Type, Category, and Substance Generator - U.S. Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends, and Forecast 2015 - 2023


Aug. 10, 2016 at 3:06 p.m. ET
on PR Newswire - PRF





Sharps Compliance Reports Fiscal 2016 Fourth Quarter and Full Year Results


Aug. 10, 2016 at 6:56 a.m. ET
on GlobeNewswire





Sharps Compliance Receives Permit for Northeastern U.S. Treatment Facility


Aug. 4, 2016 at 8:31 a.m. ET
on GlobeNewswire











Sharps Compliance Corp.


            
            Sharps Compliance Corp. engages in the provision of waste management services including medical, pharmaceutical, and hazardous. It focuses on developing cost-effective management solutions for medical waste and unused dispensed medications generated by small and medium quantity generators. The company was founded in November 1992 and is headquartered in Houston, TX.

            
            (See Full Profile)


  




Analyst Ratings



Sell
Under
Hold
Over
Buy

Number of Ratings 4
Full Ratings 





First Analysis Initiates Sharps Compliance With Overweight


Jun. 19, 2015 at 9:54 a.m. ET
on Benzinga.com





Benzinga's Top Initiations


Jun. 19, 2015 at 9:23 a.m. ET
on Benzinga.com





Benzinga's Top Initiations


May. 22, 2015 at 8:54 a.m. ET
on Benzinga.com





 


Competitors




Name
Chg %
Market Cap




Stericycle Inc.
-0.17%
$6.53B


US Ecology Inc.
0.46%
$1.18B


Waste Management Inc.
-0.64%
$33.2B


Perma-Fix Environmental Services Inc.
0.00%
$42.7M




Competitor Data Provided By


   






   



























Partner Content























Trending Tickers
Powered by 





DVAX

-11.06%








SBUX

-8.50%








BIDU

9.40%








MO

-9.25%








IMGN

11.82%
























Advanced Search







Stocks



Columns


Authors


Topics







No results found





























Video Center










Learn more.Storyful, a division of News Corp, which owns MarketWatch, is a leading social media services company headquartered in Dublin, Ireland. Storyful combines world class journalism with industry-leading technology to discover, verify and acquire original content and provide the on-the-ground sources news and media organizations need to tell the stories that matter to their audience.












SMED Stock Price - Sharps Compliance Corp. Stock Quote (U.S.: Nasdaq) - MarketWatch



























 














































 















Sections

Watchlist




























Signup
 • 
Login

Search





Bulletin

Pentagon confirms detection of North Korea missile launch Friday






Bulletin











US
Europe
Asia
FX
Rates
Futures


Range


1D
5D
1M
3M
6M
1Y
2Y











Dow

21,795.94


-0.61


0.00%











S&P 500

2,469.13


-6.29


-0.25%











Nasdaq

6,361.99


-20.20


-0.32%











GlobalDow

2,847.13


-3.95


-0.14%











Gold

1,275.50


9.00


0.71%











Oil

49.65


0.61


1.24%

















S&P 500 Movers(%)



ALGN 
9.4




MHK 
4.5




COL 
3.5




HIG 
3.3






GT
-11.3




FLS
-10.0




MO
-9.2




MAT
-8.7














Latest NewsAll Times Eastern








11:51a

Updated
A global investment strategist offers up a summer reading list to make you a better investor



11:50a

Updated
This fund strategist says there’s at least one way companies can survive Amazon’s onslaught



11:50a

Wells Fargo: FDA plan to lower nicotine could be opportunity for Altria, Philip Morris



11:49a

Updated
Here’s one Trump fan who might make you some money



11:48a

Updated
What the solar eclipse on Aug. 21 will mean for stocks



11:47a

Updated
You’ll save money on gas with the Tesla Model 3, but you may end up paying more elsewhere



11:47a

Updated
Surprise: Those ‘great’ companies generally turn out to be meh ... or duds



11:47a

Updated
This quant pro and card counter says gambling can make you a better investor



11:45a

Updated
Watch out: ‘Kids’ are making the most money in this stock market 



11:45a

Updated
This basic balanced index fund is beating the hedge fund averages












to be replaced

























































































































    




Home


Investing


Quotes


Stocks


United States


SMED


Overview



Compare Quotes
Stock Screener
Earnings Calendar
Sectors
Nasdaq

 



SMED
U.S.: Nasdaq


Join TD Ameritrade

Find a Broker


Sharps Compliance Corp.

Watchlist 
CreateSMEDAlert



  


Open

Last Updated: Jul 27, 2017 4:00 p.m. EDT
Delayed quote



$
4.47



0.00
0.00%






Previous Close




$4.4700





  









Advanced Charting


1D
5D
1M
3M
6M
YTD
1Y
3Y
All




$
%
Vol


Advanced Charting

  




0.125% vs Avg.




                Volume:               
                
                    20
                


                65 Day Avg. - 16.1K
            





Open: 4.41
Last: 4.47



4.3400
Day Low/High
4.5100





Day Range



3.3200
52 Week Low/High
5.4400


   








Your Watchlist



Customize MarketWatch
Have Watchlists? Log in to see them here or sign up to get started.

Create Account

                    … or Log In

















Symbol
Last
Chg
Chg %

















No Items in Watchlist
There are currently no items in this Watchlist.

Add Ticker to Watchlist




 (Go to Your Watchlist) 




No Saved Watchlists
Create a list of the investments you want to track.

Create Watchlist

                    …or try this starter list






Uh oh
Something went wrong while loading Watchlist.

Go to Watchlist



 

Recently Viewed Tickers



No Recent Tickers
Visit a quote page and your recently viewed tickers will be displayed here.

Search Tickers



















   





Overview


Profile


News


Charts


Financials


Historical Quotes


Analyst Estimates


Options


SEC Filings


Insiders



   




Key Data



Open
$4.41



Day Range
4.3400 - 4.5100



52 Week Range
3.3200 - 5.4400



Market Cap
$71.55M



Shares Outstanding
16.01M



Public Float
11.86M



Beta
0.33



Rev. per Employee
$336.66K



P/E Ratio
n/a



EPS
$-0.10



Yield
n/a



Dividend
n/a



Ex-Dividend Date
n/a



Short Interest
143.13K
07/14/17


% of Float Shorted
1.21%



Average Volume
16.05K




 


Performance




5 Day


1.82%







1 Month


5.67%







3 Month


3.95%







YTD


16.71%







1 Year


-14.04%









  

 
 


Recent News



MarketWatch
Other Dow Jones











Ebola stocks: 2 to sell, and 5 to consider buying

Oct. 13, 2014 at 12:09 p.m. ET
by Nigam Arora









Swisscom Q3 sales up 1.6% at SFr2.4B


Nov. 8, 2006 at 2:16 a.m. ET
by Sarah Turner









Sharps Compliance Q4 ops loss 1c vs 2c loss yr ago


Aug. 11, 2003 at 10:06 a.m. ET
by Maggie McNeil









Sharps Compliance names David Tusa CFO


Mar. 12, 2003 at 11:52 a.m. ET
by Maggie McNeil







No Headlines Available











Recent News



Other News
Press Releases






Wall Street Breakfast: Tesla Gears Up For Model 3
Wall Street Breakfast: Tesla Gears Up For Model 3

Jul. 3, 2017 at 6:55 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Ebola outbreak over in Congo
Ebola outbreak over in Congo

Jul. 3, 2017 at 3:58 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





New Strong Sell Stocks for June 26th
Here are 5 stocks added to the Zacks Rank #5 (Strong Sell) List today:

Jun. 26, 2017 at 9:32 a.m. ET
on Zacks.com





New Strong Sell Stocks for June 20th
Here are 5 stocks added to the Zacks Rank #5 (Strong Sell) List today:

Jun. 20, 2017 at 10:31 a.m. ET
on Zacks.com





New Strong Sell Stocks for May 26th
Here are 5 stocks added to the Zacks Rank #5 (Strong Sell) List today:

May. 26, 2017 at 9:23 a.m. ET
on Zacks.com





Congo clears Merck's Ebola vaccine
Congo clears Merck's Ebola vaccine

May. 29, 2017 at 7:10 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





10-Q: SHARPS COMPLIANCE CORP
10-Q: SHARPS COMPLIANCE CORP

May. 4, 2017 at 1:05 p.m. ET
on Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)





SHARPS COMPLIANCE's (SMED) CEO David Tusa on Q3 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


Apr. 26, 2017 at 3:03 p.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Notable earnings before Wednesday’s open


Apr. 25, 2017 at 5:30 p.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





10-Q: SHARPS COMPLIANCE CORP


Feb. 1, 2017 at 1:35 p.m. ET
on Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)





Sharps Compliance's (SMED) CEO David Tusa on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


Jan. 25, 2017 at 5:39 p.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Asymmetric Allocation: 3 Reasons Why SRCL/SMED Is A Great Long/Short Reversion To The Mean Story


Jan. 19, 2017 at 7:47 p.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Sharp Compliance - Cleaning Up The Drugs In The U.S.


Nov. 14, 2016 at 8:35 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





10-Q: SHARPS COMPLIANCE CORP


Nov. 3, 2016 at 10:05 a.m. ET
on Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)





Sharps Compliance's (SMED) CEO David Tusa on Q1 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


Oct. 26, 2016 at 3:59 p.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Notable earnings before Wednesday’s open


Oct. 25, 2016 at 5:30 p.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





8 Health Care Providers & Services Stocks to Sell Now


Sep. 20, 2016 at 9:00 a.m. ET
on InvestorPlace.com





Sharps Compliance: Clean Balance Sheet, Double-Digit Revenue Growth, And Expanding Margins At An Attractive Price


Sep. 16, 2016 at 3:54 p.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





4 Health Care Providers & Services Stocks to Sell Now


Sep. 13, 2016 at 8:45 a.m. ET
on InvestorPlace.com





5 Stocks to Avoid in the Market's Typically Worst Month


Sep. 1, 2016 at 10:48 a.m. ET
on Zacks.com









Sharps Compliance Announces Fourth Quarter and Year End Fiscal 2017 Conference Call and Webcast
Sharps Compliance Announces Fourth Quarter and Year End Fiscal 2017 Conference Call and Webcast

Jul. 26, 2017 at 8:30 a.m. ET
on GlobeNewswire





Sharps Compliance Corp. to Attend the Stifel 2017 Industrials Conference
Sharps Compliance Corp. to Attend the Stifel 2017 Industrials Conference

Jun. 5, 2017 at 8:31 a.m. ET
on GlobeNewswire





Sharps Compliance, Inc. Announces Contest to Give Away 20 MedSafe(R) Collection Receptacles and Liners for Expired Medications
Sharps Compliance, Inc. Announces Contest to Give Away 20 MedSafe(R) Collection Receptacles and Liners for Expired Medications

May. 1, 2017 at 3:49 a.m. ET
on PRWeb





Sharps Compliance Reports Fiscal 2017 Third Quarter Results


Apr. 26, 2017 at 6:55 a.m. ET
on GlobeNewswire





Investor Network Invites You to the Sharps Compliance Third Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call and Webcast Live on Wednesday, April 26, 2017


Apr. 25, 2017 at 4:05 p.m. ET
on ACCESSWIRE





Sharps Compliance Announces Third Quarter Fiscal 2017 Conference Call and Webcast


Apr. 20, 2017 at 9:24 a.m. ET
on GlobeNewswire





Sharps Compliance Announces New Credit Facility


Apr. 3, 2017 at 8:31 a.m. ET
on GlobeNewswire





Sharps Compliance Corp. to Attend Gabelli & Company's 3rd Annual Waste & Environmental Services Symposium


Feb. 23, 2017 at 8:31 a.m. ET
on GlobeNewswire





Gabelli & Company’s Waste & Environmental Services Symposium


Feb. 15, 2017 at 7:00 a.m. ET
on BusinessWire - BZX





Sharps Compliance Reports Fiscal 2017 Second Quarter Results


Jan. 25, 2017 at 6:55 a.m. ET
on GlobeNewswire





Investor Network Invites You to the Sharps Compliance Second Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call and Webcast Live on Wednesday, January 25, 2017


Jan. 24, 2017 at 4:06 p.m. ET
on ACCESSWIRE





Sharps Compliance Announces Second Quarter Fiscal 2017 Conference Call and Webcast


Jan. 11, 2017 at 8:30 a.m. ET
on GlobeNewswire





Sharps Compliance Reports Fiscal 2017 First Quarter Results; Revenue Increases 21%


Oct. 26, 2016 at 6:56 a.m. ET
on GlobeNewswire





Investor Calendar Invites You to the Sharps Compliance First Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call and Webcast Live on Wednesday, October 26, 2016


Oct. 25, 2016 at 4:12 p.m. ET
on ACCESSWIRE





Sharps Compliance Announces First Quarter Fiscal 2017 Conference Call and Webcast


Oct. 18, 2016 at 8:31 a.m. ET
on GlobeNewswire





Sharps Compliance Corp. Announces Resignation of Senior Vice President of Sales


Sep. 9, 2016 at 10:15 a.m. ET
on GlobeNewswire





Sharps Compliance Corp. to Attend Robert W. Baird & Co. 2016 Global Healthcare Conference


Aug. 31, 2016 at 8:21 a.m. ET
on GlobeNewswire





Medical Waste Management Market - Medical Waste Management - Type and Service; Pharmaceutical Waste Management - Type, Category, and Substance Generator - U.S. Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends, and Forecast 2015 - 2023


Aug. 10, 2016 at 3:06 p.m. ET
on PR Newswire - PRF





Sharps Compliance Reports Fiscal 2016 Fourth Quarter and Full Year Results


Aug. 10, 2016 at 6:56 a.m. ET
on GlobeNewswire





Sharps Compliance Receives Permit for Northeastern U.S. Treatment Facility


Aug. 4, 2016 at 8:31 a.m. ET
on GlobeNewswire











Sharps Compliance Corp.


            
            Sharps Compliance Corp. engages in the provision of waste management services including medical, pharmaceutical, and hazardous. It focuses on developing cost-effective management solutions for medical waste and unused dispensed medications generated by small and medium quantity generators. The company was founded in November 1992 and is headquartered in Houston, TX.

            
            (See Full Profile)


  




Analyst Ratings



Sell
Under
Hold
Over
Buy

Number of Ratings 4
Full Ratings 





First Analysis Initiates Sharps Compliance With Overweight


Jun. 19, 2015 at 9:54 a.m. ET
on Benzinga.com





Benzinga's Top Initiations


Jun. 19, 2015 at 9:23 a.m. ET
on Benzinga.com





Benzinga's Top Initiations


May. 22, 2015 at 8:54 a.m. ET
on Benzinga.com





 


Competitors




Name
Chg %
Market Cap




Stericycle Inc.
-0.17%
$6.53B


US Ecology Inc.
0.46%
$1.18B


Waste Management Inc.
-0.64%
$33.2B


Perma-Fix Environmental Services Inc.
0.00%
$42.7M




Competitor Data Provided By


   






   



























Partner Content























Trending Tickers
Powered by 





DVAX

-11.06%








SBUX

-8.47%








BIDU

9.41%








MO

-9.25%








IMGN

11.82%
























Advanced Search







Stocks



Columns


Authors


Topics







No results found





























Video Center










Learn more.Storyful, a division of News Corp, which owns MarketWatch, is a leading social media services company headquartered in Dublin, Ireland. Storyful combines world class journalism with industry-leading technology to discover, verify and acquire original content and provide the on-the-ground sources news and media organizations need to tell the stories that matter to their audience.



















Sharps Compliance Corp - NASDAQ:SMED - Stock Quote & News - TheStreet






















 





















Action Alerts PLUS

Access AAPJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 2017Charitable Trust PortfolioMost Recent Trade Alert25 Investing Rules10 Trading Commandments

Real Money

Access RM25 Rules of InvestingJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 201710 CommandmentsStressed Out StocksCramer's Blog

Cramer
Mad Money
ETFs
Futures
Markets
Much More

BanksBiotechRetailTechPersonal FinanceRetirementFinancial Advisor CenterHow to SpendOptionsFixed IncomeVideo










Privacy Policy|Terms of Use© 1996- TheStreet Inc. All rights reserved
















                                DJIA
                            







                                NASDAQ
                            







                                S&P 500
                            






Market Data updated






Sign In




Your Membership(s)








Your Account





Account Preferences


Alerts


Newsletters







Subscribe





Logout



Subscribe

Access insights and guidance from our Wall Street pros. Find the product that's right for you.
Action Alerts PLUS
Action Alerts OPTIONS
Daily Swing Trade
Income Seeker
Quant Ratings
Real Money
Real Money Pro
Stocks Under $10
Top Stocks
Trifecta Stocks
Real Money Pro Portfolio
Chairman's Club
Compare All 
Chatter on the Street













































 






















Sharps Compliance Corp (SMED)
Follow




                                    4.47
                                

0.05
1.13




                        NASDAQ : Industrial Goods
                    

Jul 27, 2017 4:00 PM EDT












Prev Close
  4.42


Open
4.41


Day Low/High

                                    4.34 /
                                    4.51


52 Wk Low/High

                                    4.09 /
                                    10.49
                                


Volume
50.23K


Avg Volume 
16.00K











Exchange
NASDAQ


Shares Outstanding
16.01M


Market Cap
70.75M


P/E Ratio

                                        
                                            N/A
                                        
                                    


Div & Yield

                                        
                                            N.A. (N.A)
                                        
                                    























Trade with Jim Cramer 14 Days FREE 









Latest News









Sharps Compliance Announces Fourth Quarter And Year End Fiscal 2017 Conference Call And Webcast






Sharps Compliance Corp. To Attend The Stifel 2017 Industrials Conference













Sharps Compliance Reports Fiscal 2017 Third Quarter Results


Apr 26, 2017 6:55 AM EDT









Sharps Compliance Announces Third Quarter Fiscal 2017 Conference Call And Webcast


Apr 20, 2017 9:23 AM EDT









Sharps Compliance Announces New Credit Facility
Further enhances working capital and flexibility to fund growth

Apr 3, 2017 8:30 AM EDT









Sharps Compliance Corp. To Attend Gabelli & Company's 3rd Annual Waste & Environmental Services Symposium


Feb 23, 2017 8:30 AM EST









Gabelli & Company's Waste & Environmental Services Symposium
Gabelli & Company will host its 3rd Annual Waste & Environmental Services Symposium on March 16 th, 2017 in New York City.

Feb 15, 2017 7:00 AM EST













Sharps Compliance Reports Fiscal 2017 Second Quarter Results


Jan 25, 2017 6:55 AM EST













Sharps Compliance Announces Second Quarter Fiscal 2017 Conference Call And Webcast


Jan 11, 2017 8:30 AM EST













Sharps Compliance Reports Fiscal 2017 First Quarter Results; Revenue Increases 21%


Oct 26, 2016 6:55 AM EDT













Sharps Compliance Announces First Quarter Fiscal 2017 Conference Call And Webcast


Oct 18, 2016 8:30 AM EDT













Sharps Compliance Corp. Announces Resignation Of Senior Vice President Of Sales


Sep 9, 2016 10:15 AM EDT













Sharps Compliance Corp. To Attend Robert W. Baird & Co. 2016 Global Healthcare Conference


Aug 31, 2016 8:20 AM EDT













Sharps Compliance Reports Fiscal 2016 Fourth Quarter And Full Year Results


Aug 10, 2016 6:55 AM EDT













Sharps Compliance Receives Permit For Northeastern U.S. Treatment Facility


Aug 4, 2016 8:30 AM EDT













Sharps Compliance Announces Fourth Quarter Fiscal 2016 Conference Call And Webcast


Aug 3, 2016 11:18 AM EDT













Sharps Compliance Acquires Citiwaste, LLC; Route-Based Medical Waste Solution Provider In The Northeast


Jul 6, 2016 6:55 AM EDT













Sharps Compliance Corp. To Attend Stifel 2016 Industrials Conference


Jun 2, 2016 8:30 AM EDT













Sharps Compliance Reports Revenue Of $6.7 Million For The Third Quarter Of Fiscal 2016


Apr 27, 2016 6:55 AM EDT













Sharps Compliance Announces Third Quarter Fiscal 2016 Conference Call And Webcast


Apr 20, 2016 8:30 AM EDT













Sharps Compliance Corp. Launches TakeAway Recycle System™


Apr 19, 2016 8:30 AM EDT













Gabelli & Company's Waste & Environmental Services Symposium
Gabelli & Company will host its 2 nd Annual Waste & Environmental Services Symposium on March 3 in New York City.

Feb 29, 2016 10:03 AM EST













Sharps Compliance Corp. To Attend Gabelli & Company's 2nd Annual Waste & Environmental Services Symposium


Feb 29, 2016 9:08 AM EST













Gabelli & Company's Waste & Environmental Services Symposium
Gabelli & Company will host its 2 nd Annual Waste & Environmental Services Symposium on March 3 in New York City.

Feb 24, 2016 7:30 AM EST













Gabelli & Company's Waste & Environmental Services Symposium
Gabelli & Company will host its 2 nd Annual Waste & Environmental Services Symposium on March 3 in New York City.

Jan 27, 2016 7:00 AM EST













Sharps Compliance Reports Record Customer Billings Of $10.5 Million For The Second Quarter Of Fiscal 2016


Jan 27, 2016 6:55 AM EST









Ratings Changes Today
TheStreet Quant Ratings provides fair and objective information to help you make educated investing decisions.  We rate over 4,300 stocks daily and provide 5-page PDF reports for each stock.  These ratings can change daily and today's changes are reflected in the email below.  

If you are looking to check-up on the stocks you currently own or are looking for new ideas, you can find our full database of password-protected ratings reports in our proprietary ratings screener:  
http://www.thestreet.com/k/qr/flat/stock-screener.html    
    
Upgrades:  ERA, SCVL
    
Downgrades:  BMTC, DRH, GB, LBTYB, SANW, SBFG, SMED, WRK
    
Initiations:  None
    
Read on to get TheStreet Quant Ratings' detailed report:

Jan 25, 2016 11:00 AM EST













Sharps Compliance Announces Second Quarter Fiscal 2016 Conference Call And Webcast


Jan 19, 2016 8:30 AM EST













Sharps Compliance Acquires Bio-Team Mobile; Route-Based Pick-Up Service Serving Pennsylvania And Maryland


Dec 15, 2015 8:15 AM EST













TheStreet's Quant Ratings Upgrades Sharps Compliance (SMED) to 'Buy'
Sharps Compliance (SMED) shares are rising after the company's stock was upgraded to 'buy' by TheStreet's Quant Ratings team.

Dec 4, 2015 1:05 PM EST



















Next






Load More









Quant Rating on 4:00 PM EDT 7/27/2017


C-
(Hold)






Get the (SMED) Report Here 







From Our Partners



Wall Street Breakfast: Tesla Gears Up For Model 3

SeekingAlpha



Ebola outbreak over in Congo

SeekingAlpha



New Strong Sell Stocks for June 26th

Zacks



Congo clears Merck's Ebola vaccine

SeekingAlpha



Sharps Compliance misses by $0.01, beats on revenue

SeekingAlpha



Notable earnings before Wednesday’s open

SeekingAlpha



Sharps Compliance misses by $0.03, misses on revenue

SeekingAlpha



Notable earnings before Wednesday’s open

SeekingAlpha



Asymmetric Allocation: 3 Reasons Why SRCL/SMED Is A Great Long/Short Reversion To The Mean Story

SeekingAlpha



Sharp Compliance - Cleaning Up The Drugs In The U.S.

SeekingAlpha



Sharps Compliance misses by $0.03, beats on revenue

SeekingAlpha



Notable earnings before Wednesday’s open

SeekingAlpha



Sharps Compliance: Clean Balance Sheet, Double-Digit Revenue Growth, And Expanding Margins At An Attractive Price

SeekingAlpha



Sharps Compliance downgraded to Equal-Weight from Overweight at First Analysis

The Fly



Sharps Compliance reports FQ4 results

SeekingAlpha



























TheStreet
Quant Rating:

C- (Hold)



Get the (SMED) Report Here 













 











Trending


Amazon and General Electric Are Friday's Smoking Hot Tickers: AMZN, TSLA, SBUX, GE, AAPL


Amazon and Starbucks Team Up to Take Down Nasdaq


Here Is Why Jim Cramer Doesn't Want to Buy More Starbucks Shares for Action Alerts PLUS


Apple Investing Billions in OLED Display


Buy Chevron, Exxon Mobil on Solid Dividends: Chart Pinpoints When to Load











Advertising Partners



 






 






 






 


























 

























 







































 


©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved.Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc.




Compare Brokers



 







 







 







 







 







 















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft
















Sharps | Product Categories | Sharps Assure




































 



 
































call us 855.9.sharps855.974.2777 




0



Contact Us
Sign up or Sign in
 

New: Sign up To auto-ship and save 








 












Home
About Us
Sharps

Sharps Retrieval Program
Public Safety
Sharps Containers, Mounts


Dental
How it Works
 






 


need help?
call 855.9.sharps
 



 


Sharps

	Showing 1–12 of 27 results


Default sorting
Sort by price: low to high
Sort by price: high to low
Sort by container size: low to high
Sort by container size: high to low








1 Quart Sharps Retrieval Program
$28.95


More







1 Quart Sharps Retrieval Program – Intro Kit
$129.99


More







1.5 Quart Sharps Retrieval Program
$30.95


More







1.5 Quart Sharps Retrieval Program – Intro Kit
$134.99


More







Two – 1.5 Quart Sharps Retrieval Program
$39.95


More







Six – 1.5 Quart Sharps Retrieval Program
$74.95


More







1 Gallon Sharps Retrieval Program
$44.95


More







Two –  1 Gallon  Sharps Retrieval Program
$59.95


More







2 Gallon Sharps Retrieval Program
$52.95


More







Two – 2 Gallon Sharps Retrieval Program
$84.95


More







3 Gallon Sharps Retrieval Program
$74.95


More







5 Quart Retrieval Program
$47.95


More












  © 2015 sharps assure 
 855-974-2777 










CompanyAbout Us
Contact
Customer Service
 PRODUCTSDental
Sharps
Travel

ACCOUNTMy Account
Checkout
Cart

LEGAL & POLICYPrivacy
Regulations
Returns




Sharps Assure All Rights Reserved 2016Privacy
Return
Contact
MedAssure
 





































Sharps | Product Categories | Sharps Assure




































 



 
































call us 855.9.sharps855.974.2777 




0



Contact Us
Sign up or Sign in
 

New: Sign up To auto-ship and save 








 












Home
About Us
Sharps

Sharps Retrieval Program
Public Safety
Sharps Containers, Mounts


Dental
How it Works
 






 


need help?
call 855.9.sharps
 



 


Sharps

	Showing 1–12 of 27 results


Default sorting
Sort by price: low to high
Sort by price: high to low
Sort by container size: low to high
Sort by container size: high to low








1 Quart Sharps Retrieval Program
$28.95


More







1 Quart Sharps Retrieval Program – Intro Kit
$129.99


More







1.5 Quart Sharps Retrieval Program
$30.95


More







1.5 Quart Sharps Retrieval Program – Intro Kit
$134.99


More







Two – 1.5 Quart Sharps Retrieval Program
$39.95


More







Six – 1.5 Quart Sharps Retrieval Program
$74.95


More







1 Gallon Sharps Retrieval Program
$44.95


More







Two –  1 Gallon  Sharps Retrieval Program
$59.95


More







2 Gallon Sharps Retrieval Program
$52.95


More







Two – 2 Gallon Sharps Retrieval Program
$84.95


More







3 Gallon Sharps Retrieval Program
$74.95


More







5 Quart Retrieval Program
$47.95


More












  © 2015 sharps assure 
 855-974-2777 










CompanyAbout Us
Contact
Customer Service
 PRODUCTSDental
Sharps
Travel

ACCOUNTMy Account
Checkout
Cart

LEGAL & POLICYPrivacy
Regulations
Returns




Sharps Assure All Rights Reserved 2016Privacy
Return
Contact
MedAssure
 
































	Search Engine Marketing (SEM) - Bing Ads








































































































Skip to content











Sign upSign in


 


















You run your business. We'll help find your customers.
Bing Ads can help build your business and drive your success. Spend $25 and get $100 in advertising credit.†

†Offer details




Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.







Coupon code class

First name:

Last name:

Email:

Your website URL

Business phone



*Required
Microsoft may contact you to provide updates and special offers about Bing Ads. You can unsubscribe at any time. To learn more you can read the privacy statement.
Type the code from the image:

Enter security code:







             























×
Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.


†Offer Details: Offer expires December 31, 2017.  Valid only for new Bing Ads customers who are first party recipients of the offer email. A new Bing Ads customer is one that has not advertised on Bing Ads before. Enter promotional coupon code and spend $25 (applies to threshold and prepaid accounts) to receive $100 in Bing Ads credits. Limit one promotion code per new Bing Ads customer. Promotional code must be redeemed within thirty (30) days of Bing Ads new customer account creation. Ad campaign costs accrued before receiving a credit, as well as costs accrued after all credits are used, will be charged to the payment method associated with the Bing Ads account. If customer payment fails, the coupon amount will not be applied.  Ads will continue to run and accrue costs after any promotional credit has been used up. Any portion of the credit not used within ninety (90) days of credit redemption will expire and can't be carried over even if the Bing Ads Customer switches their payment method. Offer valid only to residents of the United States. In order for the offer to be valid, a form of payment must be entered into your account prior to redemption of the promotional code and prior to your account going live to take advantage of the credit. This offer may not be combined with any other offer, promotional code coupon or discount, separated, redeemed for cash, transferred, sold, or bartered. Microsoft, in its sole discretion, can close your account for any suspected coupon abuse. Refund of the $25 is not permitted.  See Bing Ads Terms and Conditions for more details at sign-up. Other terms and conditions may apply.  Microsoft reserves the right to cancel, change, or suspend this offer at any time without notice.









See how Bing Ads works



Customers search


Customers see your ad


Customers contact you


Watch how Bing Ads works  
 








×
How Bing Ads works

















Help more customers find you
See how Bing can attract customers your Google AdWords campaigns can't.

Reach 137 million searchers on the Bing Network.1
Tap into 32.9% of the search marketplace.2
Get in front of searchers who spend 16 percent more than the average internet searcher.2











Powerful network. Powerful benefits.



Reach across devicesConnect with customers looking for your business anytime, anywhere, on any device.


Go global or localReach people in the Bing Network everywhere or focus on cities, counties and areas within a certain distance from your business.


Easy to importIf you're already using another product like Google Adwords, it's easy to pull that campaign into Bing Ads.








You control your costs

 Free sign-upJoin Bing Ads for free and control your account at every step.


 Only pay for clicksPay just when customers click on your ad. No click, no charge.


 No minimum feeStart advertising with a budget that works best for your business.









 



The advantage we gain in cost per click gives us a great return on investment — more than 35 percent better than Google AdWords.
Scott Redgate, search engine marketing manager — CJ Pony Parts
By using Bing Ads features like Image Extensions and Sitelink Extensions, this auto parts retailer races to convert customers and beat its competition.

 Read about driving more conversions







 



We might not get as much of the volume as with Google AdWords, but the volume of the traffic that we get converts really well at a lower cost.
Scott Schult, Executive Vice President of Marketing — Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau
The Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau uses Bing Ads to drive site traffic and tourism at lower cost.

 Read about getting better ROI








Better results for less cost. That's as simple as I can make it. If I look at the quality of the traffic we get for the dollars we spend on Bing Ads, our ROI is fantastic.
Alex Littlewood, CEO   Motoroso
Motoroso, a market network for auto enthusiasts, gets better results for less cost and reaches a high-value audience with Bing Ads.

 Read about attracting quality traffic



 









Import your AdWords campaigns

Save time by importing your Google AdWords campaigns into Bing Ads to get ads live quickly.


Sign in with your Microsoft account (or create one) to get started on Bing Ads.


From within the Bing Ads interface, select the Import from Google AdWords option.


Enter your Google AdWords credentials and select the campaign you want to import.










Preview your ad

Get found online with search engine marketing. Make the most of your marketing dollars and drive customers to your business.
See how Bing Ads can work for you




















Get started today
Give us a few details about your business to create a Bing Ads account and get it up and running.


  
Sign up
Get started with Bing Ads 
Signing up is always free.













FAQ


Is Bing Ads right for me?

Is Bing Ads right for my business?
All types of businesses find value and success with Bing Ads. Whether you're focused on local calls and foot traffic, or want to drive traffic to your website from across the country or around the world. Bing Ads has solutions for you.
I already appear in search results for free. Why should I pay for advertising?
Your current customers may search for your business by name, aiming it easy to find you in search results. But customers you've yet to reach are more likely searching for general terms that wouldn't necessarily bring up your business in search results. Advertising next to relevant Bing search results puts your business front and center with interested customers you otherwise might not reach.
What is the difference between SEO and SEM? Which one is right for me?
Search engine optimization (SEO) is adjusting your website to improve your natural ranking in search results. You cannot pay to improve your website ranking on Bing or Yahoo, thus we often refer to these results and unpaid or "organic" search results.

	Clicks from SEO are free. But SEO also requires technical expertise and involves some factors over which you have only limited control.

	Search engine marketing (SEM) is paid advertising that appears next to or above unpaid (or "organic") search results. These paid ads are purchased through Bing Ads.

	You pay for SEM clicks. But SEM gives you more control over when your website appears on results pages and you decide how much you want to pay. And you can measure which ads are working and quickly improve your results.

	You don't have to choose between SEO and SEM. You can do both!
If my time is limited, should I still try Bing ads?
Yes! Call a Bing Ads specialist at 877-635-3561*and we’ll set up your first campaign for you for free. We’ll give you tips on getting the most out of your ads and set you up for success. We’re here to help.




About Bing Ads

Where does my ad appear?
Your ads could appear on the top or to the right of Bing, Yahoo, and MSN search results. And you can choose to target your ads to different geographic regions, times or days of the week, and even demographics.
What determines my ad position?
Bing Ads is a pay-per-click (PPC) advertising system. You bid based on how much you are willing to pay per each click on your ad. Because webpages have a limited number of places to show ads, we auction those spaces. You are bidding against other advertisers to get your ads into the space you want. So if you bid on the keyword "shoe", you will have to beat the bids of the other advertisers who are also bidding on "shoe." You determine how much you are willing to bid.
	Your ad position is based on several things, including:
	
How closely your ad and website fit with the terms that are searched (relevance).
How your bid compares to other bids in the Bing Ads auction.
How strongly your ad has performed in the past and how often it has been clicked (click-through rate).

	The stronger you are in these areas, the better your chances of winning the top ad position.




How to use Bing Ads

How can I use Bing Ads to drive more people to my website?
Here are some tips to get better results:
	
Review your budget and bid strategy. If your ad keeps pausing, your budget limit may be set too low. Competitive bids help your ad stay in a strong position to catch eyes and get more clicks to your website.
Expand your targeting, both for location and for devices (computer, mobile and tablet).
Make sure your ads and website are relevant to the keywords you bid on. Would someone searching your terms expect to see and ad for your business?


How can I keep my costs down?
While your first instinct may be to lower your budget, first try lowering your maximum bids. Yes, this could mean fewer customers visit your site. But if you increase your quality score and build ads with a strong performance history, you may be able to win a good ad position with a lower bid. That would lower your cost=per-click and help stretch your budget.
How do I know if Bing Ads is working?
View a wide range of performance trends in your account to quickly see key stats: ad clicks, the number of times your ad appeared (impressions), spend, average cost-per-click, click-through rate, average ad position, cost per acquisition, and conversions. You can also run performance reports to get insights into how well your campaigns are doing.
Can I run more than one ad?
Yes! In fact, we encourage it. Only one ad will show at a time but running multiple ads lets you test different approaches to see what's working best with your target customers. Frequently, businesses try out different ads for specific products or pages.




Getting started with Bing Ads

How do I get started?
Sign up for Bing Ads
Which keywords should I choose?
You have a few options to help choose your keywords. First you'll want to think of the terms one of your customers might use to search for your products and offerings. Those search terms are a great starting point. Then you can use tools right in your account to find more keywords. Within Bing Ads, click Campaigns on the top of the page. Click the Keywords tab, and then click Add Keywords. This will let you:
	
Search for new keywords based on one you enter.
Search a website for keywords.
Search your destination URLs for keywords.


How can I write a good ad?
Here are a few tips that can help make your ad stand out.
	
Keep your ads relevant. One way to improve relevance is to use your customer's most popular search terms in your ad titles and txt.
Describe what sets your product apart.
Use your customers' language. Use words and writing tone that are likely to attract your typical customer.
Be specific. This clearer and more specific your offering, the better. For example, rather than "big discount," specify and exact percentage, such as "50 percent off."
Give customers a reason to click your ad right now. Offer a specific call to action, such as encouraging customers to request a brochure or consultation, download a free e-book, subscribe to a newsletter, or take advantage of a limited-time discount.























Sign up with Bing Ads to get started





































