






Tech Data Corporation (NASDAQ:TECD) Shares Sold by Shayne & CO. LLC | Daily Political











































































Home
About/Contact
Columnists
Privacy Policy
























Headlines
Politics
Nation
World
Issues
Economy
Finance




















Tech Data Corporation - Get News & Ratings Daily

		Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Tech Data Corporation with our FREE daily email newsletter:



 






Follow DailyPolitical

 
 










Latest News



Vicus Capital Sells 4,687 Shares of Ameren Corporation (AEE)					

Tech Data Corporation (NASDAQ:TECD) Shares Sold by Shayne & CO. LLC					

Sabal Trust CO Increases Position in Genuine Parts Company (GPC)					

Sabal Trust CO Decreases Stake in Rockwell Automation, Inc. (NYSE:ROK)					

Sabal Trust CO Acquires 9 Shares of Stanley Black & Decker, Inc. (SWK)					

Sabal Trust CO Invests $201,000 in American Airlines Group, Inc. (NASDAQ:AAL)					

Cornerstone Financial Partners LLC Has $2.70 Million Position in HollyFrontier Corporation (NYSE:HFC)					

South Jersey Industries, Inc. (SJI) Position Maintained by Court Place Advisors LLC					

Cornerstone Financial Partners LLC Cuts Position in NXP Semiconductors N.V. (NXPI)					

Cornerstone Financial Partners LLC Raises Position in Oclaro, Inc. (OCLR)					

Cornerstone Financial Partners LLC Decreases Position in VALE S.A. (NYSE:VALE)					

Cornerstone Financial Partners LLC Has $762,000 Position in Brunswick Corporation (NYSE:BC)					

Court Place Advisors LLC Has $343,000 Stake in Crown Castle International Corporation (NYSE:CCI)					

Blackhawk Network Holdings, Inc. (NASDAQ:HAWK) Price Target Raised to $49.00 at Bank of America Corporation					

Unilever PLC (UL) Position Held by Court Place Advisors LLC					

Cowen and Company Reaffirms “Buy” Rating for L-3 Communications Holdings, Inc. (LLL)					

County Bancorp, Inc. (NASDAQ:ICBK) Rating Reiterated by Maxim Group					

Fastenal Company (NASDAQ:FAST) Position Lowered by Court Place Advisors LLC					

Diebold, Incorporated (DBD) Position Raised by Court Place Advisors LLC					

Royal Bank Of Canada Reaffirms Buy Rating for Patterson-UTI Energy, Inc. (PTEN)					





 





						Tech Data Corporation (NASDAQ:TECD) Shares Sold by Shayne & CO. LLC					

						 July 23rd, 2017  - 0 comments - Filed Under -
 by Trevor Kearing 


							Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles 







Tweet










Shayne & CO. LLC cut its position in shares of  Tech Data Corporation (NASDAQ:TECD) by 0.4% during the second quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The institutional investor  owned 106,069 shares of the company’s stock after selling 420 shares during the period. Tech Data Corporation accounts for about  8.5% of Shayne & CO. LLC’s portfolio, making the stock its 4th largest position. Shayne & CO. LLC’s holdings in Tech Data Corporation were worth $10,713,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. 
Other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also added to or reduced their stakes in the company. BlackRock Inc. boosted its position in  Tech Data Corporation by 12,492.8% in the first quarter. BlackRock Inc. now owns 3,852,635 shares of the company’s stock worth $361,763,000 after buying an additional 3,822,041 shares in the last quarter.  Norges Bank purchased a new stake in shares of  Tech Data Corporation during the fourth quarter worth approximately $40,749,000.  Peregrine Capital Management LLC purchased a new stake in shares of  Tech Data Corporation during the second quarter worth approximately $26,404,000.  Teachers Advisors LLC raised its stake in shares of  Tech Data Corporation by 167.6% in the first quarter. Teachers Advisors LLC now owns 318,992 shares of the company’s stock worth $29,953,000 after buying an additional 199,769 shares during the last quarter.  Finally, Foresters Investment Management Company Inc. purchased a new stake in shares of  Tech Data Corporation during the first quarter worth approximately $16,620,000. 93.31% of the stock is owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. 
Shares of Tech Data Corporation (NASDAQ TECD) traded down 0.37% during trading on Friday, hitting $105.05. The company had a trading volume of 237,510 shares. The stock has a 50-day moving average of $102.29 and a 200 day moving average of $93.52. The stock has a market capitalization of $4.01 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 19.60 and a beta of 0.79. Tech Data Corporation has a 12-month low of $67.67 and a 12-month high of $106.92. 




Tech Data Corporation (NASDAQ:TECD) last released its earnings results on Thursday, June 1st. The company reported $1.87 EPS for the quarter, topping the consensus estimate of $1.34 by $0.53. Tech Data Corporation had a return on equity of 11.67% and a net margin of 0.69%. The business had revenue of $7.66 billion during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $7.31 billion. During the same quarter last year, the firm posted $1.05 earnings per share. The firm’s revenue was up 28.5% on a year-over-year basis.  On average, analysts predict that  Tech Data Corporation will post $9.76 EPS for the current fiscal year. 
TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: This piece of content was  posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece of content on another publication, it was stolen and republished in violation of US & international copyright & trademark legislation. The correct version of this piece of content can be viewed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/07/23/tech-data-corporation-nasdaqtecd-shares-sold-by-shayne-co-llc.html. 
A number of brokerages recently commented on TECD. BidaskClub lowered Tech Data Corporation from a “strong-buy” rating to a “buy” rating in a research report on Thursday, June 15th. Citigroup Inc. upgraded Tech Data Corporation from a “sell” rating to a “neutral” rating and set a $115.00 price objective for the company in a research report on Friday, June 2nd. Bank of America Corporation  reiterated a “buy” rating and issued a $110.00 price objective on shares of Tech Data Corporation in a research report on Thursday, June 1st. Finally, Zacks Investment Research upgraded Tech Data Corporation from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $104.00 target price for the company in a research report on Thursday, May 25th. Two equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and seven have given a buy rating to the company. Tech Data Corporation presently has an average rating of “Buy” and an average price target of $105.57.
In other Tech Data Corporation news, insider Joseph H. Quaglia sold 4,800 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Thursday, June 8th. The stock was sold at an average price of $103.00, for a total value of $494,400.00. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available at the SEC website. Also, CFO Alain Amsellem sold 1,000 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Tuesday, July 11th. The shares were sold at an average price of $104.63, for a total value of $104,630.00. Following the completion of the sale, the chief financial officer now directly owns 26,379 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $2,760,034.77. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders sold 34,888 shares of company stock valued at $3,519,704 in the last three months. Insiders own  1.60% of the company’s stock. 
Tech Data Corporation Company Profile
Tech Data Corporation is a wholesale distributor of technology products. The Company serves as a link in the technology supply chain by bringing products from the technology vendors to market, as well as providing its customers with logistics capabilities and services. It operates through the segment of distributing technology products, logistics management and other value-added services.
Want to see what other hedge funds are holding TECD? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Tech Data Corporation (NASDAQ:TECD).






Receive News & Ratings for Tech Data Corporation Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Tech Data Corporation and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 
















 Comment on this Post

Click here to cancel reply.



Name (required)

Mail (will not be published) (required)

Website






Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be placed in moderation!




Latest News




Jeff Sessions Spoke of Resigning After Tensions Increase with Trump





President Trump’s Tweets Complicate Already Complicated Week





World Leaders Very Critical of Paris Agreement Decision by Trump





Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected





Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea














			© DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. 


Privacy Policy |
			About | Columnists 
			| Contact 


























































SHAYNE FOODS, Inc.: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 11:55 AM ET
Food Products

Company Overview of SHAYNE FOODS, Inc.



Snapshot People




Company Overview
SHAYNE FOODS, Inc. produces and sells gourmet specialty foods in the United States. It offers barbeque sauces, condiments, whole wheat pastas, pasta sauces, southwest salsas, dry spices, gift baskets, and private label products, as well as jellies, jams, and preserves. The company offers its products through wholesalers and distributors. SHAYNE FOODS, Inc. was formerly known as Shayne Sauce Foods, LLC. The company was founded in 2007 and is based in San Antonio, Texas.


4225 GatecrestSan Antonio, TX 78217United StatesFounded in 2007



Phone: 210-320-2024

Fax: 210-599-2240








Key Executives for SHAYNE FOODS, Inc.




Mr. Wayne Lowery Jr.


      	Founder and President
      





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 



Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 \EV RANCH LLLP United States 1-2-3 Gluten Free, Inc. United States 10th Avenue Tea LLC United States 18 Rabbits LLC United States 18th Street Deli, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact SHAYNE FOODS, Inc., please visit --.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close





























Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version












 
































Shayne Usa, Llc, 6780 Depot St Sebastopol Ca 95472 United States Te9063620 | Buyer Report — Panjiva





 












Panjiva

MENU 





Panjiva


Solutions

Buyers
Suppliers
Logistics
Governments
Analysts



Products

Platform
Enterprise
API



Our Data

United States Trade Data
Mexico Trade Data
Brazil Trade Data
Central & South America Data
China Trade Data
Trendspotting
Panjiva Research


Pricing
Search

English


Español 

中文 








Demo Request a Demo 

+1-646-205-0594


Sign in 











Shayne Usa, Llc
Company profile made by Panjiva 
 Company profile  Buyer company  United States






        See Shayne Usa, Llc's products and suppliers
      
Thousands of companies like you use Panjiva to research suppliers and competitors.


Request a Demo

        1 min video
      






Easy access to trade data
 

U.S. Customs records organized by company
110 U.S. shipments available for Shayne Usa, Llc, updated weekly since 2007




Date
Buyer
Supplier
Details

          41          more fields
        


2017-07-23
See all 110 shipment records for Shayne Usa, Llc with a Panjiva data plan.Request a DemoorSign Up 

2017-07-11


2017-07-02
Shayne Usa, Llc
(Hangzhou)Hua Tong Industries Inc.
LEATHER UPHOLSTERY FURNITURE #109009432/109 010249/10901064 LEATHER UPHOLSTERY FURNITURE #109009432/109 010249/10901064 LEATHER UPHOLSTERY FURNITURE #109009432/109 010249/10901064 LEATHER UPHOLSTERY FURNITURE #109009432/109 010249/10901064
Bill of lading


Shipment data shows what products a company is trading and more.
      Learn more 



Quickly analyze trade relationships




Network view map
Explore trading relationships hidden in US import data.
See all 1 supplier of Shayne Usa, Llc
 Learn more about network view 




Top suppliers


(Hangzhou)Hua Tong Industri... 






1 supplier available
        


Top products


upholstery furniture 





leather upholstery furniture 





leather upholstery 





upholstery furniture material 





furniture material 






19 top products available
        





Contact information for Shayne Usa, Llc


 

Address
6780 Depot St Sebastopol Ca 95472 United States Te9063620

 


 




           


    


Sample Bill of Lading
110 shipment records available



Date
2017-07-23


Shipper Name
(Hangzhou) Hua Tong Industries Inco


Shipper Address
NO.212 WEN-ER ROAD HANGZHOU CITY Z, HANGZHOU ZJ 310000, CHINA,  TE58505212 58505206


Consignee Name
Shayne Usa, Llc


Consignee Address
6780 DEPOT STREET, SEBASTOPOL CA 95472, UNITED STATES,  TE9063620


Notify Party Name
Gal Group, Inc.


Notify Party Address
710 FOSTER AVENUE, BENSENVILLE IL 60106, UNITED STATES,  TE9120668


Weight
4189


Weight Unit
KG


Weight in KG
4189.0


Quantity
98


Quantity Unit
CTN


Measure
61


Measure Unit
CM


Country of Origin
China


Details
4,189.0 kgFrom port: All Other Peoples Republic of China Ports, ChinaTo port: Port of Long Beach, Long Beach, California


Place of Receipt
Ningbo


Foreign Port of Lading
All Other Peoples Republic of China Ports, China


U.S. Port of Unlading
Port of Long Beach, Long Beach, California


U.S. Destination Port
Port of Long Beach, Long Beach, California


Commodity
LEATHER UPHOLSTERY FURNITURE


Container
TGBU5027360


Marks Description
SKU: DESC.: : QTY: WEIGHT: MADE IN CHINA:


Carrier Name
COSCO SHIPPING LINES CO LTD


Vessel Name
COSCO ASIA


Voyage Number
047E


Bill of Lading Number
COSU6157106220


Lloyd's Code
9345403


HTS Codes
HTS 9401







 



Buyers of similar products 
furniture buyersleather upholstery buyersupholstery buyersupholstery furniture buyers




Suppliers of similar products
furniture manufacturersleather upholstery manufacturersupholstery manufacturersupholstery furniture manufacturers




Buyers similar to Shayne Usa, Llc

Microlog LogostischeMaxim Enterprise Inc.Container Centralen Inc.B. United International In







Thousands of companies use Panjiva to research suppliers and competitors

Request a Demo











Solutions
Buyers
Suppliers
Logistics
Governments
Analysts




Products
Platform
Enterprise
API




Data
United States
Mexico
Brazil
Central & South America
China
Panjiva Research
Partners




Company
Leadership Team
Board of Directors
Blog
Press
Contact
Jobs



                20 West 22nd Street, Suite 706New York, NY, 10010 / USA                ‌
+1-888-902-3511
Request a demo











English


Español 

中文 






Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Sitemap





© 2017 Panjiva, Inc.







Cart (0) 
Continue Browsing
 







 


















Bing Places for Business
























































































































Bing
 places for business


Sign in using your




Microsoft Account





Work Account





Google Account





Facebook Account

Don't have an account? Create one.





Home - Shayne & Co., LLC Shayne & Co., LLC













































Home
Resources
Contact
 







Shayne & Co., LLC
Investment Management

4015 Hillsboro Pike, Suite 203
Nashville, TN 37215-2776
615-250-1600

 





























 





© 2017 Shayne & Co., LLC  |  Website Design By Atiba










Resources - Shayne & Co., LLC Shayne & Co., LLC












































Home
Resources
Contact
 







Resources
We are what most people would call value investors. Read our investment philosophy statement here.
You may find one of Jon Shayne’s articles, Of Physics and Finance, of interest.
Jon co-wrote, with the late Prof. Larry Soderquist, an article in the May, 1995, issue of the Vanderbilt Law Review. The abstract for that article, “Inefficiency in the Market for Initial Public Offerings,” is here.
We are happy to send more information, including performance, on request.
If you would like an online copy of our federal regulatory filings, go to the website of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission here. Or, contact us for a copy of our regulatory disclosure brochure.
Jon’s blog is here:
Jon Shayne's Blog
  





 





© 2017 Shayne & Co., LLC  |  Website Design By Atiba










Resources - Shayne & Co., LLC Shayne & Co., LLC












































Home
Resources
Contact
 







Resources
We are what most people would call value investors. Read our investment philosophy statement here.
You may find one of Jon Shayne’s articles, Of Physics and Finance, of interest.
Jon co-wrote, with the late Prof. Larry Soderquist, an article in the May, 1995, issue of the Vanderbilt Law Review. The abstract for that article, “Inefficiency in the Market for Initial Public Offerings,” is here.
We are happy to send more information, including performance, on request.
If you would like an online copy of our federal regulatory filings, go to the website of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission here. Or, contact us for a copy of our regulatory disclosure brochure.
Jon’s blog is here:
Jon Shayne's Blog
  





 





© 2017 Shayne & Co., LLC  |  Website Design By Atiba










Our Location - Shayne & Co., LLC Shayne & Co., LLC











































Home
Resources
Contact
 











Our Location

 





Contact Us 4015 Hillsboro Pike, Suite 203
Nashville, TN 37215
Phone: 615-250-1600

We are located in the Hill Center in Green Hills. Park anywhere in the complex; the free garage next to Whole Foods, particularly the open-air top floor, is a good place. Our office is on the second floor, in the same building as Zoe's Kitchen.

 
 





 





© 2017 Shayne & Co., LLC  |  Website Design By Atiba









SHAYNE & CO., LLC - NASHVILLE, TN - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



TN



NASHVILLE



Investment Advice



Investment Advice



                            SHAYNE & CO., LLC
                                    



 





















S 


SHAYNE & CO., LLC
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



4015 HILLSBORO PIKE NASHVILLE, TN 37215
Get Directions



(615) 279-1938





Business Info



 Founded --
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $100,000.00
 Employee Count --
 Industries Investment Advice
 Contacts --







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message










VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







S

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.

















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Home - Shayne & Co., LLC Shayne & Co., LLC













































Home
Resources
Contact
 







Shayne & Co., LLC
Investment Management

4015 Hillsboro Pike, Suite 203
Nashville, TN 37215-2776
615-250-1600

 





























 





© 2017 Shayne & Co., LLC  |  Website Design By Atiba







