




Homes.com





























































 

Home Values & Homes Sold Prices | HOMES.com






































Search Home Values






















Mountain View, California
		
		

Population



Demographics

Average people per household: 2
Median age of population: 39


Gender: Male/Female
Status: Single/Married
Education: Highschool/College
Housing: Owned/Rented









Lifestyle



Job & Employment

Unemployment Rate: 9%
Job growth in past 1 year: -6%
Project job growth next 10 years: 19%
Median income of household: $83,210





Browse Home Values by State

Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
Washington D.C.
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





Are you considering purchasing a new home? Are you thinking about selling your current home? Or, maybe you're just eager to refinance while interest rates are low?
Whatever the case may be, you'll need to know the value of the property in question. Our home value search can provide you with a wealth of information, and unlike a costly appraisal, it's completely free.
Our home prices are calculated using a proprietary algorithm that takes recent comparable sales, neighborhood data, and specific property information into account when creating a broad property value estimate.
We're not suggesting that you use our home value estimate in lieu of an appraisal from a trained professional when selling, purchasing, or refinancing, but it's the perfect source when you just need a reasonable estimate and you don't want to wait.
In addition to a ballpark value figure, you'll have access to valuable data, incuding transaction histories, home features, mortgage insurance and property tax estimates, and recent local sales.
And if you're looking for mortgage or refinance rates, you'll find them right there, right where you need them: on our price estimate page.
Whether you're just daydreaming or you've started hunting for a home in earnest, we hope you'll find our free home pricing page to be a valuable research tool.












Top Cities


Austin, TX
Baltimore, MD
Boston, MA
Charlotte, NC
Chicago, IL
Columbus, OH
Dallas, TX
Denver, CO
Detroit, MI
El Paso, TX




Fort Worth, TX
Houston, TX
Indianapolis, IN
Jacksonville, FL
Los Angeles, CA
Louisville, KY
Memphis, TN
Milwaukee, WI
Nashville, TN
New York, NY




Oklahoma City, OK
Philadelphia, PA
Phoenix, AZ
Portland, OR
San Antonio, TX
San Diego, CA
San Francisco, CA
San Jose, CA
Seattle, WA
Washington, DC








New on Our Blog



What Will Be the Lasting Impact of Brexit on US Mortgages?
Steve Cook
 Although Britain will not actually implement June’s Brexit referendum to leave the European Union until next March at the earliest, it has already made a major impact on US mortgage rates. Will the long term impact of Brexit be as significant?
Within days of the referendum, uncertainty about the potential impact of Brexit on European economies caused investors to sell riskier global stocks and buy safer...





Home Values & Sold Home Prices

Ever wonder, "how much is my house worth?" Search by state, city, zip code, or address to find homes recently sold in your neighborhood. Home values are calculated from sold prices, public records of assessed value, and area real estate information. While these estimates can help planning a real estate purchase or sale, you should always consult with a real estate agent or house appraisal specialist. Need more help? We can also assist when searching for homes for sale, homes for rent, or with finding the best mortgage rates.










Go Mobile

iPhone & iPadAndroid phones & tablets



Connect with Homes.com
 
Twitter

YouTube
Pintrest




Contact Us
Advertise With Us |
						Email Us |
						Send Us Your Feedback





















                          Parsley Energy’s Sheffield flamed out as a trader, but Texas oil tycoon has worked out - The Washington Post                                                                      2         Desktop notifications are on   | Turn off      Get breaking news alerts from  The Washington Post   Turn on desktop notifications?  Yes Not now    It looks like you've previously blocked notifications. Please update your browser permissions to allow them.                    Subscribe       Account Profile Newsletters & Alerts Gift Subscriptions Contact Us Help Desk              Accessibility for screenreader                Share on Facebook  Share on Twitter  Share on Google Plus  Share via Email  Share on LinkedIn  Share on Pinterest  Share on Tumblr           Resize Text Print Article  Comments             The inside track on Washington politics.     Be the first to know about new   stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published.    You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published.    You’re all set!       Sign up   *Invalid email address   Got it   Got it                                   Business   Parsley Energy’s Sheffield flamed out as a trader, but Texas oil tycoon has worked out               The inside track on Washington politics.     Be the first to know about new   stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published.    You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published.    You’re all set!       Sign up   *Invalid email address   Got it   Got it                 By Brendan Coffey  By Brendan Coffey  November 29, 2014    When he left Midland, Tex., in 1997, Bryan Sheffield didn’t plan on returning. His father and grandfather both had built their fortunes drilling wells in this flat, dusty landscape, living through oil industry booms and busts. Sheffield aimed for a career in finance. After earning an undergraduate business degree, he moved to Chicago and traded futures. By his late 20s, he was trading German bonds at an office in Gibraltar and living in a beach town on Spain’s Costa del Sol. “I never dreamed of becoming an oilman,” Sheffield says. He’s sitting in his black GMC Denali, parked beside a nodding donkey pump a few miles west of Midland that’s been pulling two or three barrels of oil a day out of the ground since Joe Parsley, his grandfather, drilled the well some three decades ago. “It’s just this magnet that pulled me back,” he says. The oil industry drew Sheffield in partly because the world of interest-rate swaps and sovereign debt pushed him out. Sheffield says his income never cracked $100,000 a year on the trading desk: “I was a scratch trader. I was drinking beer while my friends were ordering hundred-dollar bottles of wine.” Sheffield, who is 36, can order the expensive stuff now. In seven years back in Texas, he has built a fast-growing oil and gas producer with 650 wells and 4,000 future drilling sites around Midland. Sheffield and his company, Parsley Energy, have applied the latest horizontal drilling and hydraulic fracturing methods to a vast petroleum deposit that frustrated many oilmen before him.   The founder and CEO of Parsley Energy, Bryan Sheffield, became a billionaire when his company went public in May. (Michael Friberg/Bloomberg Markets)  Count Sheffield’s success among the many stories that, taken together, add up to a fracking revolution in the United States, boosting domestic oil supply and cutting imports. As founder, chief executive and largest shareholder of Parsley Energy, Sheffield became a billionaire when he took the company public in May. He was the youngest billionaire in the oil business, although the drop in crude prices and shares of fracking companies in recent months has pushed his net worth below $1 billion. There are about two dozen billionaires worldwide under age 40 identified by the Bloomberg Billionaires Index. Among them, Sheffield would be the only one whose fortune is self-made and not from a technology company. Sheffield’s wealth comes from 13.4 million Parsley Energy shares, which represent a stake of more than 14 percent, plus convertible securities that could give him an additional 22.7 million shares. He also receives payments from the company under an agreement entered into when Parsley Energy went public. The size of the payment is based on the company’s tax liabilities, and Sheffield received $56 million shortly after the IPO. Oil was discovered near Midland in 1943. Drive out from the city in any direction today, and you’ll find drilling sites that stretch across the scrub and grassland. The oil-bearing rock 7,000 feet beneath the surface is known as the Spraberry Trend, part of the much larger Permian Basin. Only Alaska’s Prudhoe Bay field has bigger proved reserves than the Spraberry, according to the U.S. Energy Information Administration. Stingy field Unfortunately, it’s tough to get the oil out. In 1953, Time magazine dubbed the Spraberry the largest uneconomic oil field in the world. Traditional drilling gets at just 6 percent of the oil here, while the average recovery rate from an oil field is 35 percent. Even in this stingy field, drillers have had success over the decades — Sheffield’s forebears notable among them. In the late 1960s, Joe Parsley and his friend Howard Parker started what would become Parker & Parsley Petroleum, and they made money in the Spraberry. Parsley’s son-in-law, Scott Sheffield — Bryan’s father — eventually joined the business. In 1997, Parker & Parsley merged with Mesa, the oil and gas company built by T. Boone Pickens, to form Pioneer Natural Resources. Scott is CEO of Pioneer. “In 1997, when I graduated high school, it was tough times in the oil business,” Bryan Sheffield says. He recalls his father cutting budgets and firing people at Parker & Parsley as boom turned to bust. A decade later, as Sheffield’s attempt at a trading career was winding down, his grandfather pitched him on the idea of entering the oil business. When Pioneer was formed, Parsley retained the right to operate 109 wells that he had drilled years earlier. Sheffield got started in 2007 by managing those sites, which gave him some income — a financial cushion. But merely collecting fees and overseeing maintenance crews held little appeal. He decided it was time to learn the industry thoroughly. “I understood futures and spreads, butterflies and backwardation,” he says. “That was all I knew — how to trade, speculate, hedge. I didn’t know what I was walking into.” For more than a year, Sheffield worked for Pioneer and studied how things are done. During this time, he talked on the phone with his grandfather almost every day, he says. In 2009, Sheffield began to raise money for his own drilling projects. He borrowed $500,000 from Curtis Kayem — whose father had supplied pipe to Parker & Parsley — to be paid back over five years. For extending the loan, Kayem got 10 percent equity in a company that had a plan but no assets: “Just my heart and soul,” Sheffield says. With Kayem’s money, Sheffield started buying lapsed leases just as the financial crisis and global recession caused oil prices to drop to a five-year low. He also acquired the severed rights, which give the buyer the right to drill beneath the upper layers of rock that are already leased. This allowed Sheffield to get at a geologic formation deeper underground known as the Wolfcamp. At the time, horizontal drilling and well stimulation techniques were just coming into their own; the fracking revolution was starting. Sheffield’s intention was to squeeze more oil out of an old field, in keeping with his grandfather’s advice to focus on predictable returns. He soon realized that the new drilling methods opened up the possibility of more spectacular profits. Scott Sheffield, 62, says development of the Spraberry and the Permian Basin is just getting started. “People will be going after these zones for the next hundred years,” he says. “The Permian will end up being the largest field in the U.S. and one of the top 10 largest in the world.” With a growing portfolio of drilling sites, Parsley Energy — Sheffield named the company for his grandfather — attracted bigger investors. In 2012 and 2013, the company borrowed $200 million from Chambers Energy Management, a Houston investment bank where Phillip Z. Pace is a managing director; Sheffield had met Pace on a ski trip his father organized. One lesson Sheffield says his grandfather taught him is that relationships matter in the oil patch. “There’s a mafia we don’t talk about — a network in Midland,” Sheffield says. His family connections helped him get started, and his family’s knowledge of the fields around Midland gave him direction. Pace says, however, that Sheffield built his success mostly through his own smart decisions. “It’s easy now for people to connect the dots and say he got lucky,” Pace says. “I watched it, and there’s a lot of skill to get from Point A to Point B.” Scott Hanold, an oil industry analyst at RBC Capital Markets, says Parsley Energy has assembled a good collection of drilling sites to tap the Spraberry and Wolfcamp rock formations. “They’re positioned well in the basin,” Hanold says. One risk, though, is that investors have become overly enthusiastic about the region’s prospects. “Early in the development of these plays when you see good initial results, there are heightened expectations for what growth could be. But over time, there are some logistical constraints that need to be considered.” Exxon’s arrival Sheffield says the rising excitement about the Spraberry worries him insofar as it might increase competition for equipment, supplies, services and talented employees — and raise his expenses.  Exxon Mobil recently bought a 40,000-acre ranch abutting Parsley Energy land. “It makes me nervous,” Sheffield says. “A big company that wants to ramp up to 50 rigs out of nowhere would drive up costs.” To keep expenses down and help recruitment — people often don’t want to relocate to Midland, Sheffield says — Parsley Energy moved its headquarters to Austin. Then there’s the risk no energy producer can fully control: falling prices. Oil mostly stayed above $90 a barrel during the past two years, and then it went into a swoon. Benchmark U.S. crude futures dropped 29 percent from their June peak to $75.47 a barrel on Nov. 17. Parsley Energy shares slid, too, dipping under their IPO price in October before rebounding after the company raised its production forecast. “Tough times for oil,” Sheffield says. “Luckily, we have a great Zip code to drill in.” Even with the drop in oil and in his stock, Sheffield’s worth about $900 million — much better off than he was as a trader living on the Mediterranean coast.  The full version of this Bloomberg Markets article appears in the magazine’s December issue.          business       false after3th true          Please provide a valid email address.           Sign up      You’re all set!   See all newsletters                Comments           Share on FacebookShare       Share on TwitterTweet     Share via Email                                Show Comments       Discussion Policy     Comments       SuperFan Badge SuperFan badge holders consistently post smart, timely comments about Washington area sports and teams. More about badges | Request a badge   Culture Connoisseur Badge Culture Connoisseurs consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on the arts, lifestyle and entertainment. More about badges | Request a badge   Fact Checker Badge Fact Checkers contribute questions, information and facts to The Fact Checker. More about badges | Request a badge   Washingtologist Badge Washingtologists consistently post thought-provoking, timely comments on events, communities, and trends in the Washington area. More about badges | Request a badge   Post Writer Badge This commenter is a Washington Post editor, reporter or producer.   Post Forum Badge Post Forum members consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on politics, national and international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge   Weather Watcher Badge Weather Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on climates and forecasts. More about badges | Request a badge   World Watcher Badge World Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge   Post Contributor Badge This commenter is a Washington Post contributor. Post contributors aren’t staff, but may write articles or columns. In some cases, contributors are sources or experts quoted in a story. More about badges | Request a badge   Post Recommended Washington Post reporters or editors recommend this comment or reader post.   You must be logged in to report a comment. Sign in here   You must be logged in to recommend a comment. Sign in here   Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers.All comments are posted in the All Comments tab. More about badgesGet a badge  To pause and restart automatic updates, click "Live" or "Paused". If paused, you'll be notified of the number of additional comments that have come in.    Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers.          Spam Offensive Disagree Off-Topic        Among the criteria for featured comments: likes by users, replies by users, previous history of valuable commenting, and selection by moderators.                 Facebook  Twitter  Reddit     StumbleUpon  Digg                            Most Read        1   ‘He was trying to kill us’: New video contradicts Jordanian accounts of how 3 U.S. soldiers were killed       2   Trump announces that he will ban transgender people from serving in the military       3   Venezuela’s vote for a constitutional assembly could destroy democracy, critics warn       4   Pentagon has made no change yet to its transgender policy, says highest-ranking officer in U.S. military       5   Charlie Gard will be moved to hospice and ‘inevitably’ die soon after, judge says            The story must be told. Subscribe to The Washington Post.   Subscribe           business       Success! Check your inbox for details.        Please enter a valid email address    You might also like:                 Sign Up No Thanks   See all newsletters        Market Watch            DJIA 0.39% NASDAQ -0.63%     Get quote     Last Update: 4:45 PM 07/28/2017(DJIA&NASDAQ)        washingtonpost.com © 1996-2017 The Washington Post   Help and Contact Us Terms of Service Privacy Policy Print Products Terms of Sale Digital Products Terms of Sale Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices           Close video player   Now Playing                       Read content from allstate           Content from Allstate  This content is paid for by an advertiser and published by WP BrandStudio. The Washington Post newsroom was not involved in the creation of this content. Learn more about WP BrandStudio.   We went to the source. Here’s what matters to millennials. A state-by-state look at where Generation Y stands on the big issues.                                                      

Bryan, TX Home Values - Texas | HOMES.com









































Home Values  Texas Home Values  Bryan Home Values


Bryan, TX Home Values


Viewing History
Map Info
Recently Sold
Property Info

Search








		*Homes.com Home Value is not an appraisal; it’s an estimate of value based on certain information.Use as a starting point, but we strongly recommend you contact a real estate professional for a more detailed evaluation. Click here to learn more or see FAQs.
	





Bryan, Texas
		
		

Population



Demographics

Average people per household: 3
Median age of population: 28


Gender: Male/Female
Status: Single/Married
Education: Highschool/College
Housing: Owned/Rented









Lifestyle



Job & Employment

Unemployment Rate: 6%
Job growth in past 1 year: -5%
Project job growth next 10 years: 25%
Median income of household: $38,886







			Bryan, TX Property Records
			


77801
77802
77803
77805
77807
77808








Request a Free Home Estimate


Complete form below to get a free professional estimate.

First Name


Last Name 


Phone


Email



















 





Ask Your Friends What They Think
Post this listing to your profiles:

Facebook
Twitter
Email








			Complete the fields below to send this listing to your friends, family or real estate agent.
			

Send To:*  (use commas to separate multiple recipients)



Your Name:*



Subject:*



Your Email:*



Comments:
I saw this property...





















Nearby Cities


Anderson, TX
Bryan, TX
College Station, TX
Hearne, TX
Iola, TX
Kurten, TX
Lyons, TX
Millican, TX
Mumford, TX
Snook, TX




Somerville, TX
Washington, TX
Wellborn, TX
Wheelock, TX












New on Our Blog



What Will Be the Lasting Impact of Brexit on US Mortgages?
Steve Cook
 Although Britain will not actually implement June’s Brexit referendum to leave the European Union until next March at the earliest, it has already made a major impact on US mortgage rates. Will the long term impact of Brexit be as significant?
Within days of the referendum, uncertainty about the potential impact of Brexit on European economies caused investors to sell riskier global stocks and buy safer...





Home Values in Bryan, TX

Ever wonder, "how much is my house worth?" Browse or search for Bryan, TX homes recently sold in your neighborhood. Bryan, TX home values are calculated from sold prices, public records of assessed value, and Texas real estate information. While these estimates can help planning a real estate purchase or sale, you should always consult with a Bryan, TX real estate agent or house appraisal specialist. Need more help? We can also assist when searching for Bryan, TX homes for sale, Bryan, TX homes for rent, or with finding Bryan, TX mortgage rates.










Go Mobile

iPhone & iPadAndroid phones & tablets



Connect with Homes.com
 
Twitter

YouTube
Pintrest




Contact Us
Advertise With Us |
						Email Us |
						Send Us Your Feedback






















Forbes WelcomeCLOSE   More Options   Quote of the Day  Develop a curiosity overload. Kevin Harrington, Entrepreneur    


Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft
















	Sheffield Metals - Metal Roofing Products









































Login







Technical Department
  l  Architectural Department
  l  About SMI
  l  Careers












Home
Products

Coils & Sheets

Engineered Systems

Specialty Coils & Sheets

Valspar Products

Machinery & Equipment

Accessories & Components


Profiles

SMI 1.5" SnapLock 550

SMI 1.5" Mechanical Seam

SMI 1.75" SnapLock

SMI 2.0" Mechanical Seam

SMI 2.0" SCH Mechanical Seam

SMI 1.0" Flush Wall & Soffit

SMI 1.0" FF SnapLock

SMI 1.0" Mechanical Seam

SMI 1.5" FF SnapLock

SMI 1.5" SnapLock 450

SMI 1.5" SnapLock 450 SL

SMI 2.0" Mechanical Seam (ARMCO)

SMI 1.5" Flush Wall & Soffit


Warranties

Paint Warranty Request Form

Sample Paint Warranties

Limited Weathertight Warranties

No Dollar Limit Weathertight Warranties

Weathertight Warranties Submittal

Weathertight Warranties Procedures

Spec Data Sheet


Videos
Resources

About SMI

Technical Department

Architectural Department

Visualizer

Gallery


Contact









Call Today @ 800.283.5262























SMI Products

Coils & Sheets / COOLR® Metal Roofing

Sheffield Metals is a leader in the distribution of coated coil and sheet products for the metal roofing, walls and architectural sheet metal industry. Our architectural metal products are produced from full prime Galvalume®, Acrylic Coated Galvalume® and Aluminum substrates. Our products are coated with Valspar’s Fluropon, a high performance Kynar 500® or Hylar 5000® based resin coating. Sheffield Metals stocks more than 50 colors and has the ability to custom paint virtually any color to suit a particular project.
COOLR® is a family of sustainable, energy efficient roofing products which meet Energy Star and LEED 2009 compliance with many of our paint finishes. COOLR® is available in a wide variety of colors, gauges, widths and substrates for low and steep slope applications.


Engineered Systems

Whether your project is residential or commercial, solid substrate or open framing, Sheffield Metals offers a complete line of Engineered Standing Seam Metal Roof (SSMR) Systems and related accessories to meet your needs. With panel profiles meeting industry standards, let Sheffield Metals provide you with a quality product that’s been tested to last. We offer FBC approved profiles as well.


Specialty Coil & Sheet Products

Zinc Coil & Sheet Products — elZinc® coil and sheet products are durable 50 to 100+ years lifespan with adequate design and installation in healthy environments. They are made from natural, high-value recyclable material and require low energy for production.
Added to our zinc products, we also carry:

Copper Coils & Sheets
Weathered Series
WeatherXLTM SMP
Vintage®



Valspar Products

Valspar manufactures a range of high-performance coating products that meet the most demanding requirements.
Coil Coatings — Coil coating is an environmentally sound and economical way to paint thin sheets of steel or aluminum in a continuous process. The finished sheets are used in various forms of roofing and cladding for appliances, building products and even light fixtures.
Extrusion Coatings — Valspar extrusion coatings use superior resin technology for spray applied to extruded aluminum products such as window and door frames, storefront and entry systems, skylights and atriums used in monumental structures, high rise and landmark buildings.


Rollforming Machines & Sheet Metal Fabrication Equipment

Sheffield Metals is a distributing partner for several manufacturers of sheet metal fabrication equipment. We offer the world’s finest portable rollforming equipment manufactured by New Tech Machinery. With a complete line of portable rollforming roof panel and gutter machines, we can meet the growing demand for on-site or factory formed products.


Components & Accessories

Sheffield Metals offers a complete line of accessories that are incorporated into your architectural and engineered metal roofing systems. We stock underlayment, sealant, tape, clips, screw and coated fasteners to match all of our finishes at our locations.



















































Sheffield Metals International:
Sheffield Metals is a leader in the distribution of coated and bare metal products, as well as, Engineered Standing Seam Metal Roof (SSMR) Systems. We specialize in providing painted Galvalume® and aluminum for the architecturally driven metal panel industry. Sheffield Metals has the ability to meet a wide array of needs with more than 50 colors
continuously stocked. We can also match virtually any custom color to suit a particular project.





 

Cleveland: 800.283.5262

Atlanta: 800.929.9359

Dallas: 877.853.4904

Denver: 877.375.1477

San Jose: 408.916.3262









SMI Partners:















Planar Client Options




Layout Style


Wide


Boxed












Theme Preview











 
 

















Bryan K Rushing DMD                                                                                                      - Sheffield                                         , AL         - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



AL



Sheffield



offices and Clinics of Dentists



Dentists' Office



                            Bryan K Rushing DMD
                                    



 





















B 


Bryan K Rushing DMD                                                                                                     
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



4012 HATCH BLVD SHEFFIELD, AL 35660
Get Directions



(256) 383-2234
 





Business Info



 Founded 1989
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $380,000.00
 Employee Count 7
 Industries Dentists' Office
 Contacts Bryan K Rushing                                                                                                         







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Bryan K Rushing Dmd                                                                                                      is located at 4012 Hatch Blvd in Sheffield and has been in the business of Dentists' Office since 1989. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







B

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.














Park Square - Sheffield by bryan john | ArtfinderFREE worldwide delivery this weekend. Qualifying artworks only   /   Terms Apply   /   Shop Now »×
            Contact bryan john
        This field is requiredThis field is requiredChoose FilesPlease select a valid fileOnly images and pdf files may be uploaded as attachments.SendPlease note exchanges on Artfinder are monitored. We reserve the right to suspend the accounts of any user found to be violating our terms of use.
            Messaging TipsDoDiscuss artworks, inspiration, bios and art in generalFind out about past exhibitions or upcoming showsFlag issues with artist’s profile or artwork descriptionsAsk about shipping costs to your countryDo notOrganise a sale or payment outside Artfinder. Such transactions violate our T&Cs, are not secure for buyers or sellers, and are not covered by our 14-day no-risk return policyEngage in an abusive dialogue with one another.Exchange emails, phone numbers or other personal contact informationSend spam or more than 6 messages per hour or 20 per day×Contact Thank you, your message has been sent. You will be contacted by email when the artist responds. You can also keep track of your messages in your personal inbox.Done×Framing’s here!Introducing our handmade custom frames. Get it, hang it, love it.Hassle-free framingTop quality, handmade framesUp to 70% cheaper than a bricks and mortar retailerTry it out×Do you want it framed?Purchase a handmade, custom frame for your artwork and save up to 70% compared to a brick and mortar retailer. Get it, hang it, love it.Frame it
                    No thanks
                HomeDiscoverDaily FindsNewSalesEditor's PicksRecently SoldArtistsOur ArtistsArtist ChartsApply to SellArtworksAll ArtPaintingsPrintsPhotographsSculpturesDrawingsCollagesDigital ArtAboutAbout UsPressPartnersInterior DesignersPersonal ShoppingSell on ArtfinderBuy a Gift CardInvite FriendsHelpContact UsJoinLoginbryan johnAll ArtworksPark Square - SheffieldArtist's description:A view of Park Square Sheffield, looking out towards Park Hill flatsMaterials used:acrylic, pen
    Park Square - Sheffield (2017)
    
Acrylic painting by bryan john$197.14Acrylic painting on CanvasOne of a kind artworkSize: 20 x 16 x 1 in (unframed)  /  20 x 16 in (actual image size)This artwork is sold unframedSigned on the frontReady to hangStyle: Expressive and gesturalSubject: Architecture and cityscapes
                        Add to Basket
                    
                    Frame it
                
                    Frame it
                FavouriteFavourited

    
        
            (61)
        
    

Add to collectionArtwork descriptionArtist's description:A view of Park Square Sheffield, looking out towards Park Hill flatsMaterials used:acrylic, penBest Price GuaranteedReady to HangShippingUnited States$39.43This artwork is shipped to you by  bryan john, and will be packaged in a reinforced envelope. Artworks are dispatched within 2 working days from United Kingdom.Other shipping destinationsUnited States$39.43United Kingdom$13.14Australia$65.71Europe$32.86Asia$59.14Change your country×
            Contact bryan john
        This field is requiredThis field is requiredChoose FilesPlease select a valid fileOnly images and pdf files may be uploaded as attachments.SendPlease note exchanges on Artfinder are monitored. We reserve the right to suspend the accounts of any user found to be violating our terms of use.
            Messaging TipsDoDiscuss artworks, inspiration, bios and art in generalFind out about past exhibitions or upcoming showsFlag issues with artist’s profile or artwork descriptionsAsk about shipping costs to your countryDo notOrganise a sale or payment outside Artfinder. Such transactions violate our T&Cs, are not secure for buyers or sellers, and are not covered by our 14-day no-risk return policyEngage in an abusive dialogue with one another.Exchange emails, phone numbers or other personal contact informationSend spam or more than 6 messages per hour or 20 per dayReturns and refunds
            
We want you to love your art! If you are not completely satisfied with your purchase you can return it free within 14 days, no questions asked. Learn more
            Add to Basket
        
            bryan john
        United KingdomNew! Commission artworkContact
 
    
    





FollowingFollow
                More by bryan john
                View allView allMore Like ThisNocturne 1 - Leopold Street/ Townhead Street SheffieldMixed Media painting
        by bryan john$263
            

            
                 NewMore Like ThisBridgehouses roundabout from Nursery Street SheffieldMixed Media painting
        by bryan john$223
            

            
                 NewMore Like ThisEyre Street SheffieldMixed Media painting
        by bryan john$223More Like ThisNursery Street SheffieldMixed Media painting
        by bryan john$197More Like ThisNocturne 1 - Leopold Street/ Townhead Street SheffieldMixed Media paintingby bryan john$263
            

            
                 NewMore Like ThisBridgehouses roundabout from Nursery Street SheffieldMixed Media paintingby bryan john$223
            

            
                 NewMore Like ThisEyre Street SheffieldMixed Media paintingby bryan john$223More Like ThisNursery Street SheffieldMixed Media paintingby bryan john$197Login to Your Account×Connect with FacebookFacebook connectorLoginForgot password?Don't have an account? RegisterDon't have an account? RegisterWant more art? Register now.×10,000 artists. 100+ countries. Over 400,000 artworks. All at your fingertips. Register now for exclusive offers and a whole lot of art.Connect with FacebookFacebook connectorJoinBy clicking ‘Join’ you confirm that you have read and accept our T&Cs and Privacy policy.
                Already a member? Login here×Buy art now. Pay later.Make interest free payments over 6, 10 or 12 months.Pay a 10% deposit now, receive your artwork, then spread the remaining cost over your chosen time frame.
            Quick and easyApply and get a decision instantly.No hidden feesNo hidden costs or surprises!ApplySubject to credit check and approval. 10% deposit payment required. 0% APR representative. Only applicable on orders over £300. Please read full terms here.




Home - SHEFFIELD PHARMACEUTICALS





































































 
 
 



















 

 
Twitter
Facebook
LinkedIn
Google+
YouTube


 
 
 
 













 
 





















 





Press Release


Website


Where to Find It


Introducing Dr. Sheffield's Premium Natural Toothpaste 
		







Targeted ProductSolutions
 
		







HighestQuality
Formulations
 
		










Better Store Brands

 
		

Premium Brands
 
		













Better Store Brands

 
		

Premium Brands
 
		





 


 













Store Brands
Sheffield Pharmaceuticals has been creating and formulating quality national brand equivalent and unique products since 1850. Our goal is to create products that offer excellent quality, value and efficacy to promote wellness and to help reduce suffering. We offer an extensive selection of over 1000 formulas and ready-market products.







Exclusive Brands
We are the home of Dr. Sheffield and Exclusive Brands that offer excellent quality, value and efficacy to promote wellness and to help reduce suffering. We service the over-the-counter (OTC) cream, ointment and toothpaste, nasal and first aid segments with products that are made in the USA since 1850.







Manufacturing
Sheffield Pharmaceuticals provides complete project management and support in manufacturing quality, and regulatory compliance. We offer a full suite or services to our customers as our experience spans generations which has resulted in offering customers the most complete product performance results available. We aim to be more than a transactional vendor, we want to be your partner.


 







Sheffield Pharmaceuticals
We are a Connecticut-based manufacturer and supplier of store brand OTC                                                                     products to the largest retailers and drug store chains in the USA.
We are the home of Dr. Sheffield and exclusive branded products that offer excellent quality, value and efficacy to promote wellness and to help reduce suffering. We service the over-the-counter (OTC) cream, ointment and toothpaste, nasal and first aid segments with products that are made in the USA since 1850.
The Company is made up of over 200+ local committed team-oriented professionals focused on providing the best service and products to our customers in strict accordance with all FDA (cGMP) regulations and procedures.
From product development, validation/testing, packaging design, to final manufacturing, Sheffield has the knowledge and expertise to take a product from concept to market smoothly and efficiently.
Learn More




Latest Media
Subscribe to our channel

 






Latest Media, News & Updates
Golf Fore! Prostate Charity Golf Tournament 2017The 5 Most Frequently Asked Questions about Dr. Sheffield’s Premium Natural ToothpasteTop 3 Things to Love about Dr. Sheffield’s Premium Natural ToothpasteNatural Remedies for Healthy Living5 Things That Can Happen When You Switch to Natural Health & Beauty ProductsIntroducing Dr. Sheffield’s Premium Natural ToothpasteThe Story Behind Our NameOral Health Linked to Heart HealthWhy Retailers Are Going NaturalUS Contract Manufacturing Industry Is Alive and WellThe Rise of OTC RemediesSheffield Pharmaceuticals Teams Up with the TVCCA

 
















Inside SheffieldEthics & EHS
Vision & Core Values
Sustainability
 

ConnectContact Us
Careers
 

Contact Us Sheffield Pharmaceuticals, LLC
170 Broad Street
New London, CT 06320
(800) 222-1087

 





































 

 Texas Home Values | HOMES.com





























Texas Home Values






















Home Values by City

A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z


Abbott, TX
Abernathy, TX
Abilene, TX
Ace, TX
Ackerly, TX
Addison, TX
Adkins, TX
Adrian, TX
Afton, TX
Agua Dulce, TX
Alamo, TX
Alba, TX
Albany, TX
Aledo, TX
Alice, TX
Allen, TX
Alleyton, TX
Allison, TX
Alpine, TX
Altair, TX
Alto, TX
Alvarado, TX
Alvin, TX
Alvord, TX
Amarillo, TX
Amherst, TX
Anahuac, TX
Anderson, TX
Andrews, TX
Angleton, TX
Anna, TX
Annona, TX
Anson, TX
Anthony, TX
Anton, TX
Apple Springs, TX
Aquilla, TX
Aransas Pass, TX
Archer City, TX
Argyle, TX
Arlington, TX
Armstrong, TX
Arp, TX
Art, TX
Arthur City, TX
Asherton, TX
Aspermont, TX
Atascosa, TX
Athens, TX
Atlanta, TX
Aubrey, TX
Austin, TX
Austwell, TX
Avalon, TX
Avery, TX
Avinger, TX
Avoca, TX
Axtell, TX
Azle, TX


Bacliff, TX
Bagwell, TX
Bailey, TX
Baird, TX
Balch Springs, TX
Ballinger, TX
Balmorhea, TX
Bandera, TX
Bangs, TX
Banquete, TX
Bardwell, TX
Barksdale, TX
Barnhart, TX
Barry, TX
Barstow, TX
Bartlett, TX
Bastrop, TX
Batesville, TX
Batson, TX
Bay City, TX
Bayside, TX
Baytown, TX
Beasley, TX
Beaumont, TX
Beckville, TX
Bedford, TX
Bedias, TX
Beeville, TX
Bellaire, TX
Bellevue, TX
Bells, TX
Bellville, TX
Belton, TX
Ben Bolt, TX
Ben Franklin, TX
Ben Wheeler, TX
Benavides, TX
Bend, TX
Benjamin, TX
Berclair, TX
Bergheim, TX
Bertram, TX
Big Bend National Park, TX
Big Lake, TX
Big Sandy, TX
Big Spring, TX
Big Wells, TX
Bigfoot, TX
Bishop, TX
Bivins, TX
Blackwell, TX
Blanco, TX
Blanket, TX
Bledsoe, TX
Bleiblerville, TX
Blessing, TX
Bloomburg, TX
Blooming Grove, TX
Bloomington, TX
Blossom, TX
Blue Ridge, TX
Bluff Dale, TX
Bluffton, TX
Blum, TX
Boerne, TX
Bogata, TX
Boling, TX
Bon Wier, TX
Bonham, TX
Booker, TX
Borger, TX
Bovina, TX
Bowie, TX
Boyd, TX
Boys Ranch, TX
Brackettville, TX
Brady, TX
Brandon, TX
Brashear, TX
Brazoria, TX
Breckenridge, TX
Bremond, TX
Brenham, TX
Bridge City, TX
Bridgeport, TX
Briggs, TX
Briscoe, TX
Broaddus, TX
Bronson, TX
Bronte, TX
Brookeland, TX
Brookesmith, TX
Brookshire, TX
Brookston, TX
Brownfield, TX
Brownsboro, TX
Brownsville, TX
Brownwood, TX
Bruceville, TX
Bruni, TX
Bryan, TX
Bryson, TX
Buchanan Dam, TX
Buckholts, TX
Buda, TX
Buffalo, TX
Buffalo Gap, TX
Bullard, TX
Bulverde, TX
Buna, TX
Burkburnett, TX
Burkett, TX
Burkeville, TX
Burleson, TX
Burlington, TX
Burnet, TX
Burton, TX
Bushland, TX
Byers, TX
Bynum, TX


Cactus, TX
Caddo, TX
Caddo Mills, TX
Caldwell, TX
Call, TX
Calliham, TX
Calvert, TX
Camden, TX
Cameron, TX
Camp Wood, TX
Campbell, TX
Campbellton, TX
Canadian, TX
Canton, TX
Canutillo, TX
Canyon, TX
Canyon Lake, TX
Carbon, TX
Carlsbad, TX
Carlton, TX
Carmine, TX
Carrizo Springs, TX
Carrollton, TX
Carthage, TX
Cason, TX
Castell, TX
Castroville, TX
Cat Spring, TX
Catarina, TX
Cedar Creek, TX
Cedar Hill, TX
Cedar Park, TX
Celeste, TX
Celina, TX
Center, TX
Center Point, TX
Centerville, TX
Centralia, TX
Chandler, TX
Channelview, TX
Channing, TX
Chappell Hill, TX
Charlotte, TX
Chatfield, TX
Cherokee, TX
Chester, TX
Chico, TX
Childress, TX
Chillicothe, TX
Chilton, TX
China, TX
China Spring, TX
Chireno, TX
Chriesman, TX
Christine, TX
Christoval, TX
Cibolo, TX
Cisco, TX
Clarendon, TX
Clarksville, TX
Claude, TX
Clayton, TX
Cleburne, TX
Cleveland, TX
Clifton, TX
Clint, TX
Clute, TX
Clyde, TX
Coahoma, TX
Coldspring, TX
Coleman, TX
College Station, TX
Collegeport, TX
Colleyville, TX
Collinsville, TX
Colmesneil, TX
Colorado City, TX
Columbus, TX
Comanche, TX
Combes, TX
Comfort, TX
Commerce, TX
Como, TX
Comstock, TX
Concan, TX
Concepcion, TX
Concord, TX
Conroe, TX
Converse, TX
Cookville, TX
Coolidge, TX
Cooper, TX
Coppell, TX
Copperas Cove, TX
Corpus Christi, TX
Corrigan, TX
Corsicana, TX
Cost, TX
Cotton Center, TX
Cotulla, TX
Coupland, TX
Covington, TX
Coyanosa, TX
Crandall, TX
Crane, TX
Cranfills Gap, TX
Crawford, TX
Cresson, TX
Crockett, TX
Crosby, TX
Crosbyton, TX
Cross Plains, TX
Crowell, TX
Crowley, TX
Crystal City, TX
Cuero, TX
Cumby, TX
Cuney, TX
Cunningham, TX
Cushing, TX
Cypress, TX


D Hanis, TX
Daingerfield, TX
Daisetta, TX
Dale, TX
Dalhart, TX
Dallardsville, TX
Dallas, TX
Damon, TX
Danbury, TX
Danciger, TX
Danevang, TX
Darrouzett, TX
Davilla, TX
Dawn, TX
Dawson, TX
Dayton, TX
De Berry, TX
De Leon, TX
Deanville, TX
Decatur, TX
Deer Park, TX
Dekalb, TX
Del Rio, TX
Del Valle, TX
Dell City, TX
Delmita, TX
Denison, TX
Denton, TX
Denver City, TX
Deport, TX
Desdemona, TX
Desoto, TX
Detroit, TX
Devers, TX
Devine, TX
Deweyville, TX
Diana, TX
Diboll, TX
Dickens, TX
Dickinson, TX
Dike, TX
Dilley, TX
Dime Box, TX
Dimmitt, TX
Dobbin, TX
Dodd City, TX
Dodge, TX
Dodson, TX
Donie, TX
Donna, TX
Doole, TX
Doss, TX
Doucette, TX
Douglass, TX
Douglassville, TX
Driftwood, TX
Dripping Springs, TX
Driscoll, TX
Dryden, TX
Dublin, TX
Dumas, TX
Duncanville, TX
Dunn, TX
Dyess Afb, TX


Eagle Lake, TX
Eagle Pass, TX
Early, TX
Earth, TX
East Bernard, TX
Eastland, TX
Easton, TX
Ecleto, TX
Ector, TX
Edcouch, TX
Eddy, TX
Eden, TX
Edgewood, TX
Edinburg, TX
Edmonson, TX
Edna, TX
Edroy, TX
El Campo, TX
El Indio, TX
El Paso, TX
Eldorado, TX
Electra, TX
Elgin, TX
Elkhart, TX
Ellinger, TX
Elm Mott, TX
Elmaton, TX
Elmendorf, TX
Elmo, TX
Elsa, TX
Elysian Fields, TX
Emory, TX
Encinal, TX
Encino, TX
Energy, TX
Enloe, TX
Ennis, TX
Enochs, TX
Eola, TX
Era, TX
Estelline, TX
Etoile, TX
Euless, TX
Eustace, TX
Evadale, TX
Evant, TX


Fabens, TX
Fairfield, TX
Falcon Heights, TX
Falfurrias, TX
Falls City, TX
Fannin, TX
Farmersville, TX
Farnsworth, TX
Farwell, TX
Fate, TX
Fayetteville, TX
Fentress, TX
Ferris, TX
Fieldton, TX
Fischer, TX
Flat, TX
Flatonia, TX
Flint, TX
Flomot, TX
Florence, TX
Floresville, TX
Flower Mound, TX
Floydada, TX
Fluvanna, TX
Flynn, TX
Follett, TX
Forestburg, TX
Forney, TX
Forreston, TX
Forsan, TX
Fort Davis, TX
Fort Hancock, TX
Fort Stockton, TX
Fort Worth, TX
Fowlerton, TX
Francitas, TX
Franklin, TX
Frankston, TX
Fred, TX
Fredericksburg, TX
Fredonia, TX
Freeport, TX
Freer, TX
Fresno, TX
Friendswood, TX
Friona, TX
Frisco, TX
Fritch, TX
Frost, TX
Fruitvale, TX
Fulshear, TX
Fulton, TX


Gail, TX
Gainesville, TX
Galena Park, TX
Gallatin, TX
Galveston, TX
Ganado, TX
Garciasville, TX
Garden City, TX
Gardendale, TX
Garland, TX
Garrison, TX
Garwood, TX
Gary, TX
Gatesville, TX
Gause, TX
George West, TX
Georgetown, TX
Giddings, TX
Gilchrist, TX
Gillett, TX
Gilmer, TX
Girard, TX
Girvin, TX
Gladewater, TX
Glen Flora, TX
Glen Rose, TX
Glidden, TX
Gober, TX
Godley, TX
Goldsboro, TX
Goldsmith, TX
Goldthwaite, TX
Goliad, TX
Gonzales, TX
Goodrich, TX
Gordon, TX
Gordonville, TX
Goree, TX
Gorman, TX
Gouldbusk, TX
Graford, TX
Graham, TX
Granbury, TX
Grand Prairie, TX
Grand Saline, TX
Grandfalls, TX
Grandview, TX
Granger, TX
Grapeland, TX
Grapevine, TX
Greenville, TX
Gregory, TX
Groesbeck, TX
Groom, TX
Groves, TX
Groveton, TX
Grulla, TX
Gruver, TX
Guerra, TX
Gunter, TX
Gustine, TX
Guthrie, TX
Guy, TX


Hale Center, TX
Hallettsville, TX
Hallsville, TX
Haltom City, TX
Hamilton, TX
Hamlin, TX
Hamshire, TX
Hankamer, TX
Happy, TX
Hardin, TX
Hargill, TX
Harker Heights, TX
Harleton, TX
Harlingen, TX
Harper, TX
Harrold, TX
Hart, TX
Hartley, TX
Harwood, TX
Haskell, TX
Haslet, TX
Hawkins, TX
Hawley, TX
Hearne, TX
Hebbronville, TX
Hedley, TX
Heidenheimer, TX
Helotes, TX
Hemphill, TX
Hempstead, TX
Henderson, TX
Henrietta, TX
Hereford, TX
Hermleigh, TX
Hewitt, TX
Hext, TX
Hico, TX
Hidalgo, TX
Higgins, TX
High Island, TX
Highlands, TX
Hillister, TX
Hillsboro, TX
Hitchcock, TX
Hobson, TX
Hockley, TX
Holland, TX
Holliday, TX
Hondo, TX
Honey Grove, TX
Hooks, TX
Horseshoe Bay, TX
Houston, TX
Howe, TX
Hubbard, TX
Huffman, TX
Hughes Springs, TX
Hull, TX
Humble, TX
Hungerford, TX
Hunt, TX
Huntington, TX
Huntsville, TX
Hurst, TX
Hutchins, TX
Hutto, TX
Hye, TX


Idalou, TX
Imperial, TX
Industry, TX
Inez, TX
Ingleside, TX
Ingram, TX
Iola, TX
Iowa Park, TX
Ira, TX
Iraan, TX
Iredell, TX
Irene, TX
Irving, TX
Italy, TX
Itasca, TX
Ivanhoe, TX


Jacksboro, TX
Jacksonville, TX
Jarrell, TX
Jasper, TX
Jayton, TX
Jbsa Lackland, TX
Jefferson, TX
Jermyn, TX
Jewett, TX
Joaquin, TX
Johnson City, TX
Joinerville, TX
Jonesboro, TX
Joshua, TX
Jourdanton, TX
Junction, TX
Justiceburg, TX
Justin, TX


Kamay, TX
Karnack, TX
Karnes City, TX
Katy, TX
Kaufman, TX
Keene, TX
Keller, TX
Kemah, TX
Kemp, TX
Kempner, TX
Kendalia, TX
Kendleton, TX
Kenedy, TX
Kennard, TX
Kennedale, TX
Kenney, TX
Kerens, TX
Kermit, TX
Kerrick, TX
Kerrville, TX
Kildare, TX
Kilgore, TX
Killeen, TX
Kingsbury, TX
Kingsland, TX
Kingsville, TX
Kingwood, TX
Kirbyville, TX
Kirvin, TX
Klondike, TX
Knippa, TX
Knott, TX
Knox City, TX
Kopperl, TX
Kosse, TX
Kountze, TX
Kress, TX
Krum, TX
Kyle, TX


La Blanca, TX
La Coste, TX
La Feria, TX
La Grange, TX
La Joya, TX
La Marque, TX
La Porte, TX
La Pryor, TX
La Salle, TX
La Vernia, TX
La Villa, TX
La Ward, TX
Ladonia, TX
Laird Hill, TX
Lake Creek, TX
Lake Dallas, TX
Lake Jackson, TX
Lakeview, TX
Lamesa, TX
Lampasas, TX
Lancaster, TX
Lane City, TX
Laneville, TX
Laredo, TX
Larue, TX
Lasara, TX
Latexo, TX
Lavon, TX
Lawn, TX
League City, TX
Leakey, TX
Leander, TX
Ledbetter, TX
Leesburg, TX
Leesville, TX
Lefors, TX
Leggett, TX
Lelia Lake, TX
Leming, TX
Lenorah, TX
Leona, TX
Leonard, TX
Leroy, TX
Levelland, TX
Lewisville, TX
Lexington, TX
Liberty, TX
Liberty Hill, TX
Lillian, TX
Lincoln, TX
Lindale, TX
Linden, TX
Lindsay, TX
Linn, TX
Lipan, TX
Lipscomb, TX
Lissie, TX
Little Elm, TX
Little River Academy, TX
Littlefield, TX
Liverpool, TX
Livingston, TX
Llano, TX
Lockhart, TX
Lockney, TX
Lodi, TX
Lohn, TX
Lolita, TX
Lometa, TX
London, TX
Lone Oak, TX
Lone Star, TX
Long Branch, TX
Longview, TX
Loop, TX
Lopeno, TX
Loraine, TX
Lorena, TX
Lorenzo, TX
Los Ebanos, TX
Los Fresnos, TX
Los Indios, TX
Lott, TX
Louise, TX
Lovelady, TX
Loving, TX
Lowake, TX
Lozano, TX
Lubbock, TX
Lueders, TX
Lufkin, TX
Luling, TX
Lumberton, TX
Lyford, TX
Lyons, TX
Lytle, TX


Mabank, TX
Macdona, TX
Madisonville, TX
Magnolia, TX
Malakoff, TX
Malone, TX
Manchaca, TX
Manor, TX
Mansfield, TX
Manvel, TX
Marathon, TX
Marble Falls, TX
Marfa, TX
Marietta, TX
Marion, TX
Markham, TX
Marlin, TX
Marquez, TX
Marshall, TX
Mart, TX
Martindale, TX
Martinsville, TX
Maryneal, TX
Mason, TX
Masterson, TX
Matador, TX
Matagorda, TX
Mathis, TX
Maud, TX
Mauriceville, TX
Maxwell, TX
May, TX
Maydelle, TX
Maypearl, TX
Mcadoo, TX
Mcallen, TX
Mccamey, TX
Mcdade, TX
Mckinney, TX
Mclean, TX
Meadow, TX
Medina, TX
Megargel, TX
Melissa, TX
Melvin, TX
Memphis, TX
Menard, TX
Mentone, TX
Mercedes, TX
Mereta, TX
Meridian, TX
Merit, TX
Merkel, TX
Mertens, TX
Mertzon, TX
Mesquite, TX
Mexia, TX
Meyersville, TX
Miami, TX
Mico, TX
Midfield, TX
Midkiff, TX
Midland, TX
Midlothian, TX
Midway, TX
Milam, TX
Milano, TX
Miles, TX
Milford, TX
Millersview, TX
Millican, TX
Millsap, TX
Minden, TX
Mineola, TX
Mineral, TX
Mineral Wells, TX
Mingus, TX
Mirando City, TX
Mission, TX
Missouri City, TX
Mobeetie, TX
Monahans, TX
Mont Belvieu, TX
Montague, TX
Montalba, TX
Montgomery, TX
Moody, TX
Moore, TX
Moran, TX
Morgan, TX
Morse, TX
Morton, TX
Moscow, TX
Moulton, TX
Mound, TX
Mount Calm, TX
Mount Enterprise, TX
Mount Pleasant, TX
Mount Vernon, TX
Mountain Home, TX
Muenster, TX
Muldoon, TX
Muleshoe, TX
Mullin, TX
Munday, TX
Murchison, TX
Myra, TX


Nacogdoches, TX
Nada, TX
Naples, TX
Nash, TX
Natalia, TX
Navasota, TX
Nazareth, TX
Neches, TX
Nederland, TX
Needville, TX
Nemo, TX
Nevada, TX
New Baden, TX
New Boston, TX
New Braunfels, TX
New Caney, TX
New Deal, TX
New Home, TX
New London, TX
New Summerfield, TX
New Ulm, TX
New Waverly, TX
Newark, TX
Newcastle, TX
Newton, TX
Nixon, TX
Nocona, TX
Nolan, TX
Nolanville, TX
Nome, TX
Nordheim, TX
Normangee, TX
Normanna, TX
North Richland Hills, TX
North Zulch, TX
Norton, TX
Notrees, TX
Novice, TX
Nursery, TX


O Brien, TX
Oakhurst, TX
Oakland, TX
Oakville, TX
Oakwood, TX
Odell, TX
Odem, TX
Odessa, TX
Odonnell, TX
Oglesby, TX
Oilton, TX
Oklaunion, TX
Old Glory, TX
Old Ocean, TX
Olden, TX
Olmito, TX
Olney, TX
Olton, TX
Omaha, TX
Onalaska, TX
Orange, TX
Orange Grove, TX
Orangefield, TX
Orchard, TX
Ore City, TX
Ottine, TX
Ovalo, TX
Overton, TX
Ozona, TX


Paducah, TX
Paige, TX
Paint Rock, TX
Palacios, TX
Palestine, TX
Palmer, TX
Palo Pinto, TX
Pampa, TX
Pandora, TX
Panhandle, TX
Panna Maria, TX
Panola, TX
Paradise, TX
Paris, TX
Pasadena, TX
Pattison, TX
Pattonville, TX
Pawnee, TX
Pearland, TX
Pearsall, TX
Pecan Gap, TX
Pecos, TX
Peggy, TX
Pendleton, TX
Penelope, TX
Penitas, TX
Pennington, TX
Penwell, TX
Pep, TX
Perrin, TX
Perryton, TX
Petersburg, TX
Petrolia, TX
Pettus, TX
Petty, TX
Pflugerville, TX
Pharr, TX
Pickton, TX
Pilot Point, TX
Pinehurst, TX
Pineland, TX
Pipe Creek, TX
Pittsburg, TX
Placedo, TX
Plains, TX
Plainview, TX
Plano, TX
Plantersville, TX
Pleasanton, TX
Pledger, TX
Plum, TX
Point, TX
Point Comfort, TX
Pointblank, TX
Pollok, TX
Ponder, TX
Pontotoc, TX
Poolville, TX
Port Aransas, TX
Port Arthur, TX
Port Bolivar, TX
Port Isabel, TX
Port Lavaca, TX
Port Mansfield, TX
Port Neches, TX
Port O Connor, TX
Porter, TX
Portland, TX
Post, TX
Poteet, TX
Poth, TX
Pottsboro, TX
Pottsville, TX
Powderly, TX
Powell, TX
Poynor, TX
Prairie Hill, TX
Prairie Lea, TX
Prairie View, TX
Premont, TX
Presidio, TX
Price, TX
Priddy, TX
Princeton, TX
Proctor, TX
Progreso, TX
Prosper, TX
Purdon, TX
Purmela, TX
Putnam, TX
Pyote, TX


Quail, TX
Quanah, TX
Queen City, TX
Quemado, TX
Quinlan, TX
Quitaque, TX
Quitman, TX


Rainbow, TX
Ralls, TX
Randolph, TX
Ranger, TX
Rankin, TX
Ransom Canyon, TX
Ratcliff, TX
Ravenna, TX
Raymondville, TX
Raywood, TX
Reagan, TX
Realitos, TX
Red Oak, TX
Red Rock, TX
Redwater, TX
Refugio, TX
Reklaw, TX
Rhome, TX
Rice, TX
Richards, TX
Richardson, TX
Richland, TX
Richland Springs, TX
Richmond, TX
Riesel, TX
Ringgold, TX
Rio Frio, TX
Rio Grande City, TX
Rio Hondo, TX
Rio Medina, TX
Rio Vista, TX
Rising Star, TX
Riverside, TX
Riviera, TX
Roanoke, TX
Roaring Springs, TX
Robert Lee, TX
Robstown, TX
Roby, TX
Rochelle, TX
Rochester, TX
Rock Island, TX
Rockdale, TX
Rockport, TX
Rocksprings, TX
Rockwall, TX
Rockwood, TX
Rogers, TX
Roma, TX
Romayor, TX
Roosevelt, TX
Ropesville, TX
Rosanky, TX
Roscoe, TX
Rosebud, TX
Rosenberg, TX
Rosharon, TX
Rosser, TX
Rosston, TX
Rotan, TX
Round Mountain, TX
Round Rock, TX
Round Top, TX
Rowena, TX
Rowlett, TX
Roxton, TX
Royse City, TX
Rule, TX
Runge, TX
Rusk, TX
Rye, TX


Sabinal, TX
Sabine Pass, TX
Sachse, TX
Sacul, TX
Sadler, TX
Saint Hedwig, TX
Saint Jo, TX
Salado, TX
Salineno, TX
Salt Flat, TX
Saltillo, TX
San Angelo, TX
San Antonio, TX
San Augustine, TX
San Benito, TX
San Diego, TX
San Elizario, TX
San Felipe, TX
San Isidro, TX
San Juan, TX
San Marcos, TX
San Perlita, TX
San Saba, TX
San Ygnacio, TX
Sanderson, TX
Sandia, TX
Sanford, TX
Sanger, TX
Santa Anna, TX
Santa Elena, TX
Santa Fe, TX
Santa Maria, TX
Santa Rosa, TX
Santo, TX
Saratoga, TX
Sarita, TX
Satin, TX
Savoy, TX
Schertz, TX
Schulenburg, TX
Schwertner, TX
Scotland, TX
Scottsville, TX
Scroggins, TX
Scurry, TX
Seabrook, TX
Seadrift, TX
Seagoville, TX
Seagraves, TX
Sealy, TX
Sebastian, TX
Seguin, TX
Selman City, TX
Seminole, TX
Seymour, TX
Shallowater, TX
Shamrock, TX
Sheffield, TX
Shelbyville, TX
Shepherd, TX
Sheridan, TX
Sherman, TX
Shiner, TX
Shiro, TX
Sidney, TX
Sierra Blanca, TX
Silsbee, TX
Silverton, TX
Simms, TX
Simonton, TX
Sinton, TX
Skellytown, TX
Skidmore, TX
Slaton, TX
Slidell, TX
Smiley, TX
Smithville, TX
Smyer, TX
Snook, TX
Snyder, TX
Somerset, TX
Somerville, TX
Sonora, TX
Sour Lake, TX
South Bend, TX
South Houston, TX
South Padre Island, TX
Southlake, TX
Southmayd, TX
Spade, TX
Spearman, TX
Spicewood, TX
Splendora, TX
Spring, TX
Spring Branch, TX
Springlake, TX
Springtown, TX
Spur, TX
Spurger, TX
Stafford, TX
Stamford, TX
Stanton, TX
Staples, TX
Star, TX
Stephenville, TX
Sterling City, TX
Stinnett, TX
Stockdale, TX
Stonewall, TX
Stowell, TX
Stratford, TX
Strawn, TX
Streetman, TX
Sublime, TX
Sudan, TX
Sugar Land, TX
Sullivan City, TX
Sulphur Bluff, TX
Sulphur Springs, TX
Summerfield, TX
Sumner, TX
Sundown, TX
Sunnyvale, TX
Sunray, TX
Sunset, TX
Sutherland Springs, TX
Sweeny, TX
Sweet Home, TX
Sweetwater, TX
Sylvester, TX


Taft, TX
Tahoka, TX
Talco, TX
Talpa, TX
Tarpley, TX
Tarzan, TX
Tatum, TX
Taylor, TX
Teague, TX
Tehuacana, TX
Telephone, TX
Telferner, TX
Tell, TX
Temple, TX
Tenaha, TX
Tennessee Colony, TX
Tennyson, TX
Terlingua, TX
Terrell, TX
Texarkana, TX
Texas City, TX
Texhoma, TX
Texline, TX
The Colony, TX
Thicket, TX
Thomaston, TX
Thompsons, TX
Thorndale, TX
Thornton, TX
Thrall, TX
Three Rivers, TX
Throckmorton, TX
Tilden, TX
Timpson, TX
Tioga, TX
Tivoli, TX
Tokio, TX
Tolar, TX
Tom Bean, TX
Tomball, TX
Tornillo, TX
Tow, TX
Toyah, TX
Trent, TX
Trenton, TX
Trinidad, TX
Trinity, TX
Troup, TX
Troy, TX
Tuleta, TX
Tulia, TX
Turkey, TX
Tuscola, TX
Tye, TX
Tyler, TX
Tynan, TX


Umbarger, TX
Universal City, TX
Utopia, TX
Uvalde, TX


Valentine, TX
Valera, TX
Valley Mills, TX
Valley Spring, TX
Valley View, TX
Van, TX
Van Alstyne, TX
Van Horn, TX
Van Vleck, TX
Vancourt, TX
Vanderbilt, TX
Vanderpool, TX
Vega, TX
Venus, TX
Vernon, TX
Victoria, TX
Vidor, TX
Village Mills, TX
Voca, TX
Von Ormy, TX
Voss, TX
Votaw, TX


Waco, TX
Wadsworth, TX
Waelder, TX
Waka, TX
Wall, TX
Waller, TX
Wallis, TX
Wallisville, TX
Walnut Springs, TX
Warda, TX
Waring, TX
Warren, TX
Warrenton, TX
Washington, TX
Waskom, TX
Water Valley, TX
Waxahachie, TX
Wayside, TX
Weatherford, TX
Webster, TX
Weesatche, TX
Weimar, TX
Weinert, TX
Weir, TX
Welch, TX
Wellington, TX
Wellman, TX
Wells, TX
Weslaco, TX
West, TX
West Columbia, TX
West Point, TX
Westbrook, TX
Westhoff, TX
Weston, TX
Wharton, TX
Wheeler, TX
Wheelock, TX
White Deer, TX
White Oak, TX
Whiteface, TX
Whitehouse, TX
Whitesboro, TX
Whitewright, TX
Whitharral, TX
Whitney, TX
Whitsett, TX
Whitt, TX
Wichita Falls, TX
Wickett, TX
Wiergate, TX
Wildorado, TX
Willis, TX
Willow City, TX
Wills Point, TX
Wilmer, TX
Wilson, TX
Wimberley, TX
Windom, TX
Windthorst, TX
Winfield, TX
Wingate, TX
Wink, TX
Winnie, TX
Winnsboro, TX
Winona, TX
Winters, TX
Woden, TX
Wolfe City, TX
Wolfforth, TX
Woodlake, TX
Woodlawn, TX
Woodsboro, TX
Woodson, TX
Woodville, TX
Woodway, TX
Wortham, TX
Wrightsboro, TX
Wylie, TX


Yancey, TX
Yantis, TX
Yoakum, TX
Yorktown, TX


Zapata, TX
Zavalla, TX
Zephyr, TX







Population



Demographics

Average people per household: 2
Median age of population: 41


Gender: Male/Female
Status: Single/Married
Education: Highschool/College
Housing: Owned/Rented









Lifestyle



Job & Employment

Unemployment Rate: 8%
Job growth in past 1 year: 2%
Project job growth next 10 years: 35%
Median income of household: $38,485

















New on Our Blog



What Will Be the Lasting Impact of Brexit on US Mortgages?
Steve Cook
 Although Britain will not actually implement June’s Brexit referendum to leave the European Union until next March at the earliest, it has already made a major impact on US mortgage rates. Will the long term impact of Brexit be as significant?
Within days of the referendum, uncertainty about the potential impact of Brexit on European economies caused investors to sell riskier global stocks and buy safer...





Why Homes.com?

Ever wonder, "how much is my house worth?" Within Texas, search by city, zip code, or address to find Texas homes recently sold in your neighborhood. Home values are calculated from sold prices, public records of assessed value, and Texas real estate information. While these estimates can help planning a real estate purchase or sale, you should always consult with a Texas real estate agent or house appraisal specialist. Need more help? We can also assist when searching for Texas homes for sale, Texas homes for rent, or with finding Texas mortgage rates.










Go Mobile

iPhone & iPadAndroid phones & tablets



Connect with Homes.com
 
Twitter

YouTube
Pintrest




Contact Us
Advertise With Us |
						Email Us |
						Send Us Your Feedback
























	Richardson Sheffield: Bryan Upton and Gordon Bridge, Video -
	               		Supplement
                        - Harvard Business School
































































	











Go to main content








Harvard Business School


















HBS Home


About
Academic Programs
Alumni
Faculty & Research



Baker Library
Campaign
Harvard Business Review
Initiatives
News
Recruit



Map / Directions












Faculty & Research


HOME

							FACULTY

		
							RESEARCH


Global Research Centers
HBS Case Collection




HBS Case Development
Initiatives & Projects




Publications
Research Associate (RA) Positions




Research Services
Seminars & Conferences






							FEATURED TOPICS


Business and Environment
Business History
Entrepreneurship




Finance
Globalization
Health Care




Human Behavior and Decision-Making
Leadership
Social Enterprise




Technology and Innovation






							ACADEMIC UNITS


Accounting and Management
Business, Government and the International Economy
Entrepreneurial Management




Finance
General Management
Marketing




Negotiation, Organizations & Markets
Organizational Behavior
Strategy




Technology and Operations Management







 


















			Supplement        
		
| HBS Case Collection 
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		    | 
		   
	        September 1990
	        
		
		
		
		
Richardson Sheffield: Bryan Upton and Gordon Bridge, Video
by 
							Christopher A. Bartlett






Print

Email

 

Keywords: Management Teams; 
				  




				   Format: Video
12 length of video
Find at Harvard




Citation:
Bartlett, Christopher A. "Richardson Sheffield: Bryan Upton and Gordon Bridge, Video." Harvard Business School Video Supplement 891-506, September 1990.







About the Author

		
		
        Christopher A. Bartlett
	
Emeritus Professor
View Profile »View Publications »

 


More from the Author





			Case        
		
| HBS Case Collection 
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		    | 
		   
	        April 2017
	        
		
		
		
		

Yushan Bicycles: Learning to Ride Abroad
Christopher A. Bartlett and Paul S. Myers
Yushan Bicycles, one of Taiwan's leading bicycle manufacturers, is pursuing an international expansion strategy by increasing demand for its range of traditional and electric bicycles and shifting its product mix toward higher-margin models sold through specialty bicycle retail shops. However, the manager of its new Australian subsidiary has taken a different approach that focuses on selling lower-priced models through large sporting-goods retailers. The manager's strategy has yielded disappointing financial results so far, and he and company executives disagree on the cause and next steps. The Yushan case was specifically developed for international management and international business courses, but it can also be used in competitive strategy, corporate strategy, and general management programs. It is especially useful for analyzing situations in which issues of strategy, organization, and management converge.
Keywords: Globalized Firms and Management; 
				  Growth and Development Strategy; 
				  Competitive Strategy; 
				  Conflict Management; 
				  Learning; 
				  Bicycle Industry; 
				  Taiwan; 
				  Australia; 
				  

Citation:Bartlett, Christopher A., and Paul S. Myers. "Yushan Bicycles: Learning to Ride Abroad." Harvard Business School Brief Case 917-539, April 2017. View Details




CiteView DetailsEducatorsPurchase
Related









			Teaching Note        
		
| HBS Case Collection 
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		    | 
		   
	        April 2017
	        
		
		
		
		

Yushan Bicycles: Learning to Ride Abroad (Brief Case)
Christopher A. Bartlett and Paul S. Myers
Teaching Note for HBS No. 917-539.

Citation:Bartlett, Christopher A., and Paul S. Myers. "Yushan Bicycles: Learning to Ride Abroad (Brief Case)." Harvard Business School Teaching Note 917-540, April 2017. View Details




CiteView DetailsPurchase
Related









			Case        
		
| HBS Case Collection 
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		    | 
		   
	        May 2014
	        
			   (Revised March 2017)
			
		
		
		
		

Unilever's Lifebuoy in India: Implementing the Sustainability Plan
Christopher A. Bartlett
Unilever's new Global Brand VP must not only revitalize Lifebuoy soap's sagging market performance, but simultaneously impact the health of one billion people worldwide. The latter challenge comes from Unilever's new CEO who has introduced the Unilever Sustainable Living Program (USLP), a set of bold environmental and social objectives that he has integrated into the heart of the company's global strategy. In contrast to most corporate social responsibility programs, USLP's quantified objectives are clearly defined, tightly specified, and independently audited. And managers are held strictly accountable for their achievement.
After describing the background of the 100 year old Lifebuoy soap brand which is now sold primarily in developing country markets, the case outlines the steps taken by Samir Singh, Lifebuoy's newly appointed Global Brand VP as he tries to reverse its declining sales and profit performance. The case then focuses on Singh's relationship with Sudir Sitapiti, the category manager for Lifebuoy in India, the brand's largest market worldwide. Although Sitapiti has done a creditable job in turning around sales and profitability, he has fallen behind on his USLP challenge to bring handwashing behavior change to 450 million people in poor, remote Indian villages. The case concludes with some specific marketing investment decisions that Sitapati is considering and that Singh hopes to influence.
Keywords: multinational management; 
				  global strategy; 
				  corporate social responsibility; 
				  strategy implementation; 
				  marketing strategy; 
				  mission and purpose; 
				  change management; 
				  international business; 
				  global; 
				  fast-moving consumer goods; 
				  soap; 
				  Corporate Social Responsibility and Impact; 
				  Health Care and Treatment; 
				  Environmental Sustainability; 
				  Global Strategy; 
				  Developing Countries and Economies; 
				  Beauty and Cosmetics Industry; 
				  Health Industry; 
				  India; 
				  

Citation:Bartlett, Christopher A. "Unilever's Lifebuoy in India: Implementing the Sustainability Plan." Harvard Business School Case 914-417, May 2014. (Revised March 2017.) View Details




CiteView DetailsEducatorsPurchase
Related









 





 







ǁ 
















                    
                    Harvard Business School
                    Soldiers Field
                    Boston, MA 02163

                  


→
Map & Directions



→
More Contact Information



→
More Contact Information



→
More Contact Information



→
More Contact Information



 
 
 






HBS Facebook





Alumni Facebook





Executive Education Facebook





Michael Porter Facebook





Working Knowledge Facebook





HBS Twitter





Executive Education Twitter





HBS Alumni Twitter





Michael Porter Twitter





Recruiting Twitter





Rock Center Twitter





Working Knowledge Twitter





Jobs Twitter





HBS Youtube





Michael Porter Youtube





Executive Education Youtube





HBS Linkedin





Alumni Linkedin





Executive Education Linkedin





MBA Linkedin





Linkedin





HBS Google Plus





Executive Education Google Plus





HBS Instagram





Alumni Instagram





Executive Education Instagram





Michael Porter Instagram





HBS iTunes





Executive Education iTunes





HBS Tumblr





Executive Education Weibo





HBS Snapchat





Executive Education Wechat



→All Social Media


→
All Social Media










Site Map
Jobs
Harvard University
Trademarks
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use


Copyright © President & Fellows of Harvard College













