






Martin Industries, Inc. - Company Profile, Information, Business Description, History, Background Information on Martin Industries, Inc.















Reference for Business


Company History Index


Manufacturing


Martin Industries, Inc. - Company Profile, Information, Business Description, History, Background Information on Martin Industries, Inc.










301 East Tennessee StreetFlorence, Alabama 35630U.S.A.


Company Perspectives:

Our mission is: (1) To provide our customers with the high quality products that we would expect as consumers. Martin's emphasis on quality extends from the initial concept and product engineering through production and customer service. We are customer-driven. (2) To provide our employees with a working environment that is motivating and rewards them for achieving the company's goals. Our employees are Martin's key resources. (3) To provide our shareholders with an excellent return on their investment. Profits ensure continued growth opportunities for our company and our employees.
History of Martin Industries, Inc.








Martin Industries, Inc., based in Florence, situated in the northwest corner of Alabama, manufactures appliances and utility equipment in two industry segments: home heating and leisure and other products. Martin's home heating products, which account for about two-thirds of the company's sales, are produced and sold under the Atlanta Stove, Hunter, Martin Fireplaces, Martin Gas Products, Prime Heat, and Warm Morning brand names. Included are a variety of vented and vent-free gas furnaces and heaters as well as a wide range of gas logs, gas stoves, prefabricated gas and wood fireplaces, and gas inserts. Martin, which manufactures its lines at two plants, one located in Florence and the other in Ontario, Canada, markets its products through a variety of distribution channels in both the United States and Canada. The company's leisure and other products are produced and sold under Broilmaster and NuWay brand names and include gas barbecue grills and utility trailer kits. They are sold in all fifty states as well as in Canada, Mexico, South America, and Europe. An ESOP company since 1992, about a third of Martin is owned by its employees.

1905-41: Martin Brothers Establish Three Companies

It was in 1905, just after the turn of the 19th century, that two brothers, W.H. Martin Sr. and Charles Martin, founded King Stove and Range Company, a small cast iron foundry in Sheffield, Alabama. The foundry made coal and wood heaters, cooking stoves and ranges.
The Martins expanded their business in 1918, when they purchased a financially sinking stove foundry in Florence, just across the river from Sheffield. The brothers incorporated the acquired business as Martin Stove and Range Company, a separate business from King Stove and Range. There they made coal and wood stoves as well as gray iron castings. The foundry also turned out cast hollowware, iron skillets, and clothes-pressing irons known as "sad" irons.
The Martins again expanded their holdings in 1939, when they traveled to nearby Huntsville, Alabama, to bid on some machinery being auctioned off at a bankrupt manufacturing plant. They opted to bid on the whole operation, not just the equipment, and their bid won. The Martins turned the operation into their third business, Martin Stamping and Stove Company, which began turning out a small line of unvented gas heaters.

1941-76: Martin-Owned Companies Diversify

During World War II, both of the Martins' foundries manufactured magazine heaters for the Army, and Martin Stamping made bomb crates and other strategic materials. With the end of the war, however, the companies returned to manufacturing their lines of gas, wood, and coal heating equipment. They would add electrical heating equipment in the late 1950s, when Martin Stamping and Stove began making a line of electrical heaters at its facility in Huntsville. Within just few years, demand for its electrical heaters led Martin Stamping and Stove to open a new plant, located in Athens, Alabama. It went into operation, in 1966, as the company's Electric Heater Division. Also located in Athens, the Martin Fireplace Division began rapid growth, thanks in part to the introduction of Martin Firecones in 1968 and zero-clearance fireplaces in 1970.
On January 1, 1974, the three companies making up the Martin holdings merged to form Martin Industries, Inc. Under the reorganization plan, operational control was combined, and in June 1976, the company's executive team set up new central administration offices in Florence. In that same year, also in Florence, Martin Industries established a centralized engineering facility.

1977-90: Martin Expands Its Facilities and Acquires Other Companies

While the reorganization and structural changes were in progress, the Sheffield plant discontinued its foundry operations and was converted into a stamping and fabricating plant. In addition, the Florence plant was retooled into a highly automated foundry to meet Martin Industries' casting demands as well as those of other client companies.
In the late 1970s, the company's need for additional manufacturing space prompted Martin to buy additional facilities. Towards the end of 1977, it bought a plant located in Americus, Georgia, where, in 1978, it began producing its Ashley line of heaters. It also added a 200,000 square foot building in Huntsville. With the addition of that facility, formerly owned by Genesco, Martin's total manufacturing and warehouse floor space reached 1.2 million square feet.
The company's expansion through acquisition continued in the early 1980s. First, in 1980, it purchased the Edison line of dehumidifiers from McGraw Edison. Next, in 1982, it acquired the Sahara line from Hobart Manufacturing, which produced its dehumidifiers for General Electric.








Other changes came later in the decade, notably in 1987, when Martin sold its Florence foundry to several former employees, who entered a long-term agreement with Martin to provide it with its needed cast iron. That same year, Martin purchased the wood and gas divisions of Atlanta Stove, which had been one of Martin's chief competitors for several years. Martin then transferred the manufacture of Atlanta Stove's products to its factories in Huntsville and Athens and moved its sales administration to offices in Florence.
In a calculated strategy to decrease the impact of seasonal sales and thereby achieve a greater and more efficient use of its manufacturing capacity, in 1988 Martin acquired the NuWay line of utility trailer kits and, in 1990, the Broilmaster line of gas barbecue grills. In part, these product lines were purchased because their sales climbed during the warmer months of the year, which contrasted with the company's home heating products, which sold best in the colder seasons.
Martin also diversified into a non-season market, even before acquiring Broilmaster. In 1989, it purchased Filex, Inc., an Ossining, New York company that manufactured and marketed steel office furniture that it sold through major retail outlets. In the third quarter of that year, Martin incorporated production of the Filex desks and filing cabinets into its Sheffield and Huntsville plants. In 1990, Martin also expanded its gas heater lines when, in the same acquisition that brought Broilmaster into its corporate fold, it added the Warm Morning line of vented heaters to its offerings. The purchase included a facility in Washington Park, Illinois, where both Broilmaster barbecues and Warm Morning heaters were made.

1992-96: Martin Establishes ESOP and Goes Public

At the beginning of 1992, Martin instituted an Employee Stock Ownership Plan (ESOP), and in the following year the ESOP purchased a large block of the company's stock which then became available to eligible employees over an extended time. In the next year, the company sold off its manufacturing plant in Americus, Georgia, and its line of dehumidifiers.
Martin Industries finally went public in 1995, making an initial public offering (IPO) of 2.3 million shares of common stock. It entered the public sector in order to obtain funds for further acquisitions, make capital improvements, and develop new products. Among other things, the funds helped finance the company's expansion in Canada. Early in 1996, it completed its acquisition of Hunter Energy and Technologies Inc. and its sister company, Ontario, Inc., by purchasing all the outstanding shares of the two corporations. To buy them, Martin formed a wholly-owned Canadian subsidiary, Ontario, Inc. The total purchase price paid by Martin was about $1.94 million, consisting of cash, promissory notes, and funds paid into escrow. In January 1997, Hunter Energy and Ontario merged to form Hunter Technology Inc. Hunter continued to operate in its 100,000 square foot plant located on a 12 acre site in Orillia, Ontario, manufacturing a line of gas space heaters and pre-fabricated fireplaces.

1997-2001: Company Faces Tough Years at Close of Century

In February 1997, Martin discontinued its manufacture of office furniture, bowing to increased competition and only marginal market success. In June of the next year, it also moved its production of gas grills, gas logs, and free-standing vent-free heaters from its facility in Washington Park, Illinois, to its Athens and Huntsville, Alabama facilities.
In the fall of 1998, Robert L. Goucher replaced William H. Martin III as the company's CEO and president, a move in part made because of Martin Industries' need for some fresh strategic planning. Goucher came over from his positions as president and CEO of StarMark, Inc., a subsidiary of Masco Corporation. Based in Sioux Falls, Idaho, StarMark was a manufacturer of high-end kitchen cabinets. While at the helm of StarMark, and in previous executive positions he held with Ryobi North America, Goucher's responsibilities included strategic planning as well as operations, sales, business development, and quality control.
The late 1990s proved to be very troubling years for Martin Industries. The company's financial setbacks compelled it to consider stringent counter measures, including the sale of some of its divisions. Martin's net losses for 1998 reached $3.5 million, then ballooned to $6.2 million the next year. Goucher, quoted in an article in TimesDaily, indicated that "the year 1999 was very difficult for the company, its employees and stockholders," and further indicated that in 2000 the company was seeking means to restore its financial health. One option was to sell off some or all of its product lines. In fact, it had started to do just that in 1999, when it sold its Ashley solid fuel heating division. Selling the whole enterprise to a "strategic partner" was also under consideration, a partner who, Goucher said, "Will strengthen our position in the market or possibly bring us new markets, or utilize some of our operational capability."
In 2000, Martin Industries still employed between 150 and 200 people in northwest region of Alabama known as the Shoals, about 400 at its Athens plant, and another 50 at its Canadian operation in Ontario. In that year, as part of its turnaround effort, it expanded its Sheffield operation to allow the plant to assemble gas fireplace log sets and utility trailers. The company also opened a new warehouse, shipping, and distribution center at the Sheffield site, and also upgraded the plant's equipment and began developing new product lines. However, at the same time, it consolidated some operations and closed its plant in Huntsville, and, late in 2000, sold its Washington Park, Illinois, manufacturing plant and some of its equipment.
The year also saw a change at the top when John L. Duncan replaced Goucher as president and CEO. Duncan, who had been a director of the company since 1999, was formerly the president and CEO of Murray Ohio Manufacturing Co. Goucher, although no longer involved in the company's day-to-day operations, was still involved in planning strategic alternatives with the company's investors.
At the end of 2000, Duncan had to face expected but nevertheless very disappointing financial realities. The company reported another net loss, this time climbing to $24.6 million, or $3.19 per share. Sales simply plummeted, falling to $63.7 million, down 29 percent from the company's 1999 sales of $89.2 million. The company's drop in sales in part resulted from its inability to manufacture and ship its hearth products on time because of problems encountered when Martin put in place a new distribution system at the start of 2000. However, with the exception of Broilmaster premium barbecue grills, sales for the company's products fell across the board.
In 2001, Martin, under Duncan's tutelage, took several steps to counteract its sagging sales, including some belt tightening measures. Among other things, it moved its NuWay Trailer Division to its plant in Canada and discontinued assembling both utility trailers and log sets at its facility in Sheffield. The company was also planning some new strategic initiatives, including the option of divesting its Broilmaster Premium Gas Grill line in order to focus more sharply on its Hearth and Heating divisions. It was hoped that such measures would soon return the company to profitability.
In Martin's favor is the fact that it manufactures goods for a solid market with fairly predictable demands. However, each of the industry segments in which the company operates is cyclical, and its sales are affected by general economic cycles, consumer confidence, inflation, and other factors outside its control, such as the demand for new housing and the availability of financing. Furthermore, home heating product sales are seasonal in nature and are directly affected by weather conditions, so the company will always face risks beyond those inevitably imposed by industrial competitors. Part of Martin's difficulties in 1998 and 1999 arose from the fact that sales of its heating equipment declined because those years had very mild winters, some of the warmest ever recorded by the National Oceanic and Atmosphere Administration. Still, Martin is not in a terribly volatile industry and does not face any looming threats from either new technologies or competitive industries. Its chances of getting back on a solid profitability track remained strong at the start of the new millennium, though just how long that might take was uncertain.

Principal Subsidiaries:Hunter Technology Inc.; NuWay Trailer.

Principal Competitors:Barbecues Galore Limited; CFM Majestic Inc.; HON Industries Inc.; Lennox International Inc.; Temtex Industries, Inc.; Weber-Stephen Products Co.
Chronology


Key Dates:


1905: W.H. Martin, Sr., and his brother, Charles, found King Stove and Range in Sheffield, Alabama.

1918: The Martin brothers purchase a stove foundry located in Florence, Alabama, incorporating it as Martin Stove and Range Company.

1939: The Martins buy a plant in Huntsville, Alabama, which becomes Martin Stamping and Stove Company.

1966: Martin Stamping and Stove Company builds a new plant in Athens, Alabama, for the company's Electric Heater Division.

1968: The company introduces Martin Firecones.

1970: Martin begins manufacturing and marketing zero-clearance fireplaces.

1974: The three companies held by the Martins merge to become Martin Industries, Inc.

1976: Company opens its Central Administration Offices in Florence.

1977: Martin buys a plant in Americus, Georgia.

1980: Company purchases a line of dehumidifiers from McGraw Edison.

1987: Martin sells its Florence foundry to former employees and acquires the wood and gas divisions of Atlanta Stove.

1988: Company acquires NuWay Manufacturing Co.

1989: Martin acquires Filex line of metal office furniture.

1990: Company acquires Broilmaster line of gas barbecue grills and Warm Morning line of vented heaters.

1993: Martin introduces its series of vent-free gas logs and fireplaces; company sells its Americus facility and its dehumidifier line.

1994: Company introduces line of free-standing, vent-free heaters.

1995: Martin goes public with an IPO.

1996: Company acquires Hunter Energy and Technologies Inc. and Ontario Inc.

1998: Martin consolidates its manufacturing by moving part of its operation from Illinois to its plants in Athens and Huntsville.

1999: Martin sells its Ashley solid fuel heating division to United States Stove Company.

Additional Details


Public Company


Incorporated: 1974

Employees: 701

Sales: $63.7 million (2000)

Ticker Symbol: MTIN

NAIC: 333414 Heating Equipment Manufacturing (Except Electric and Warm Air Furnaces); 335221 Household Cooking Appliance Manufacturing; 336212 Truck Trailer Manufacturing; 337214 Nonwood Office Furniture Manufacturing

Further Reference
			Briner, Russell F., et al., "Coping with Change at Martin Industries," Management Accounting (USA), July 1989, p. 45."Cooking With Gas," USA Today Magazine, July 1998, p. 94.Corey, Russ, "Sale an Option for Financially Struggling Martin Industries," TimesDaily.com, March 31, 2000."Martin Industries, Inc. Announces Plant Consolidation," Business Wire, December 9, 1999."Martin Industries Inc.-Financial Results," Market New Publishing, August 16, 2001."Martin Industries Names Robert L. Goucher President and Chief Executive Officer," Business Wire, September 28, 1998."Martin Offers a Wide Range of New Fireplace Products," Professional Builder and Remodeler, January 15, 1992, p. 290.

			
User Contributions:
 1 Gary CotterJun 12, 2011 @ 1:13 pmI have a Martin wall heater, model CWT2415 - Ser #5532 -volts 235 - Amps 7 - Watts 1500 (The Amps/watts ) information was taken off the name plate. I would like to replace the insert component and switch/rheostat bracket complete. The Wall insert would be a major job to replace with another size unit (up-dater Model) Can you please tell me if this is possible ? Thank you, Gary cotter - Dufur, Oregon - 541-467 2777 - E-Mail lucky7@ortelco.net 

Wall bracket measure - 10 x 19 3/8 
Heating coil and switch/rheostat measures - 6 x 13 5/16

Where can I buy a replacement unit ? 2 Chuck EasleySep 1, 2011 @ 4:04 amI have a gas log fireplace insert unit.  Martin Industries Model UF/AUF/HC29C...best I can read.  SN 93380264.  Blower UFB2, PN. 046531A
I am looking for information for installation and parts list replacement.  Pls help.
Thx. 3 ShirleyAug 7, 2013 @ 11:11 amDo you know during what years the Martin cast iron 4-burner stove Perfection #8-18A was produced?  Thanks. 4 WilliamMar 24, 2015 @ 6:18 pmI need to replace a broken axle hub for my NuWay Trailer Model NW32000H. Where is this part available? 
Thanks Much!!
William 5 Cindy KnochelJun 18, 2015 @ 3:15 pmI recently purchased a Martin Stamping & Stove Co. Electric stove made in Huntsville, AL.  Its in excellent condition, Model No. FC2448, watt 4800, 60 cy amps 20 stove.  Does this require a 220 plug? 6 FrankMay 3, 2017 @ 7:19 pmsaw your 611005 propane heater at a local store. would like to know if it has a vented stove pipe to keep the exhaust outside of the building.  If not - do you produce a propane stove that exhausts outside of a small building - I have a small 140sqft cabin and just looking for something to keep it warm and safe when I'm not in it.
Thanks for anything you can do to help me
Frank

Comment about this article, ask questions, or add new information about this topic:





Name:



E-mail:



Show my email publicly



Type the code shown:








Public Comment: (50-4000 characters)





 Send comment






Martin Industries, Inc. forum






















Manufacturing















Reference for Business


Company History Index


		 Manufacturing
	 




180s, L.L.C.


3M Company


A-dec, Inc.


A. O. Smith Corporation


A. Schulman, Inc.


A. T. Cross Company


A.B.Dick Company


A.O. Smith Corporation


A.T. Cross Company


A.W. Faber-Castell Unternehmensverwaltung GmbH & Co.


AAF-McQuay Incorporated


AAON, Inc.


AAR Corp.


ABB Ltd.


ABC Rail Products Corporation


AEP Industries, Inc.


AGCO Corp.


AGCO Corporation


AKG Acoustics GmbH


ALARIS Medical Systems, Inc.


AMETEK, Inc.


AMF Bowling, Inc.


ARBED S.A.


ASICS Corporation


ASML Holding N.V.


ASV, Inc.


AU Optronics Corporation


AVX Corporation


Aarhus United A/S


Abiomed, Inc.


Acme United Corporation


Acme-Cleveland Corp.


Acorn Products, Inc.


Acushnet Company


Acuson Corporation


Adams Golf, Inc.


Adolf Würth GmbH & Co. KG


Advanced Circuits Inc.


Advanced Neuromodulation Systems, Inc.


Ag-Chem Equipment Company, Inc.


Aga Foodservice Group PLC


Agfa Gevaert Group N.V.


Agrium Inc.


Ahlstrom Corporation


Airgas, Inc.


Aktiebolaget Electrolux


Aktiebolaget SKF


Alamo Group Inc.


Alberto-Culver Company


Aldila Inc.


Alfa Laval AB


Allen Organ Company


Allen-Edmonds Shoe Corporation


Alliant Techsystems Inc.


Allied Healthcare Products, Inc.


Allied Products Corporation


Allied Signal Engines


AlliedSignal Inc.


Allison Gas Turbine Division


Alltrista Corporation


Alps Electric Co., Ltd.


Alticor Inc.


Alvis Plc


Amer Group plc


American Axle & Manufacturing Holdings, Inc.


American Biltrite Inc.


American Business Products, Inc.


American Cast Iron Pipe Company


American Greetings Corporation


American Homestar Corporation


American Locker Group Incorporated


American Power Conversion Corporation


American Seating Company


American Standard Companies Inc.


American Technical Ceramics Corp.


American Tourister, Inc.


American Woodmark Corporation


Ameriwood Industries International Corp.


Amerock Corporation


Ameron International Corporation


Ampacet Corporation


Ampco-Pittsburgh Corporation


Ampex Corporation


Amway Corporation


Analogic Corporation


Anchor Hocking Glassware


Andersen Corporation


Andreas Stihl


Andreas Stihl AG & Co. KG


Andritz AG


Ansell Ltd.


Anthem Electronics, Inc.


Apasco S.A. de C.V.


Apex Digital, Inc.


Applica Incorporated


Applied Films Corporation


Applied Materials, Inc.


Applied Micro Circuits Corporation


Applied Power Inc.


AptarGroup, Inc.


Arc International


Arctco, Inc.


Arctic Cat Inc.


Ariens Company


Armor All Products Corp.


Armstrong Holdings, Inc.


Armstrong World Industries, Inc.


Artesyn Technologies Inc.


ArthroCare Corporation


ArvinMeritor, Inc.


Asahi Glass Company, Ltd.


Ashley Furniture Industries, Inc.


Astec Industries, Inc.


Astronics Corporation


Atlas Copco AB


Atwood Mobile Products


Aurora Casket Company, Inc.


Austal Limited


Austin Powder Company


Avedis Zildjian Co.


Avery Dennison Corporation


Avocent Corporation


Avondale Industries


B.J. Alan Co., Inc.


BAE Systems Ship Repair


BEI Technologies, Inc.


BIC Corporation


BISSELL Inc.


BMC Industries, Inc.


BRIO AB


BSH Bosch und Siemens Hausgeräte GmbH


BTR Siebe plc


Badger Meter, Inc.


Baldor Electric Company


Baldwin Piano & Organ Company


Baldwin Technology Company, Inc.


Balfour Beatty plc


Ballantyne of Omaha, Inc.


Ballard Medical Products


Ballard Power Systems Inc.


Baltek Corporation


Baltimore Aircoil Company, Inc.


Bandai Co., Ltd.


Barmag AG


Barnes Group Inc.


Bassett Furniture Industries, Inc.


Bath Iron Works


Beckman Coulter, Inc.


Beckman Instruments, Inc.


Becton, Dickinson & Company


Behr GmbH & Co. KG


Beiersdorf AG


Bel Fuse, Inc.


Belden CDT Inc.


Belden Inc.


Bell Sports Corporation


Belleek Pottery Ltd.


Beloit Corporation


BenQ Corporation


Benjamin Moore & Co.


Berger Bros Company


Bernina Holding AG


Berry Plastics Corporation


Berwick Offray, LLC


Bianchi International (d/b/a Gregory Mountain Products)


Billabong International Ltd.


Binks Sames Corporation


Binney & Smith Inc.


Biomet, Inc.


Biosite Incorporated


Black Diamond Equipment, Ltd.


Blodgett Holdings, Inc.


Blount International, Inc.


Blount, Inc.


Blue Nile Inc.


Blundstone Pty Ltd.


Blyth Industries, Inc.


Bodum Design Group AG


Boral Limited


Borden, Inc.


Boston Scientific Corporation


Bou-Matic


Brady Corporation


Brammer PLC


Brannock Device Company


Brass Eagle Inc.


Bridgeport Machines, Inc.


Briggs & Stratton Corporation


British Vita plc


Brother Industries, Ltd.


Brown & Sharpe Manufacturing Co.


Brown-Forman Corporation


Broyhill Furniture Industries, Inc.


Brunswick Corporation


Buck Knives Inc.


Buckeye Technologies, Inc.


Bucyrus International, Inc.


Bugle Boy Industries, Inc.


Building Materials Holding Corporation


Bulgari S.p.A.


Bulova Corporation


Bundy Corporation


Burelle S.A.


Burton Snowboards Inc.


Bush Boake Allen Inc.


Bush Industries, Inc.


Butler Manufacturing Co.


Butler Manufacturing Company


BÖHLER-UDDEHOLM AG


Bénéteau SA


C&J Clark International Ltd.


C.F. Martin & Co., Inc.


C.R. Bard, Inc.


CASIO Computer Co., Ltd.


CEMEX S.A. de C.V.


CLARCOR Inc.


CNH Global N.V.


COBE Cardiovascular, Inc.


CRH plc


CTB International Corporation


CUNO Incorporated


California Cedar Products Company


California Steel Industries, Inc.


Callaway Golf Company


Campbell Scientific, Inc.


Cannondale Corporation


Canon Inc.


Capstone Turbine Corporation


Caradon plc


Carbo PLC


Carbone Lorraine S.A.


Cardo AB


Carl-Zeiss-Stiftung


Carma Laboratories, Inc.


Carrier Corporation


Carter Holt Harvey Ltd.


Cascade Corporation


Cascade General, Inc.


Catalina Lighting, Inc.


Caterpillar Inc.


Cavco Industries, Inc.


Central Garden & Pet Company


Central Sprinkler Corporation


Centuri Corporation


Century Aluminum Company


Cenveo Inc.


Cepheid


Ceradyne, Inc.


Cessna Aircraft Company


Champion Enterprises, Inc.


Chanel


Chanel SA


Chart Industries, Inc.


Chicago Bridge & Iron Company N.V.


Chittenden & Eastman Company


Chris-Craft Corporation


Chris-Craft Industries, Inc.


Christian Dalloz SA


Christofle SA


Ciments Fran&ccedils


Cincinnati Lamb Inc.


Cincinnati Milacron Inc.


Cinemeccanica S.p.A.


Cinram International, Inc.


Circon Corporation


Cirrus Design Corporation


Clarcor Inc.


Clayton Homes Incorporated


Coach, Inc.


Coachmen Industries, Inc.


Cobra Golf Inc.


Cochlear Ltd.


Cockerill Sambre Group


Cognex Corporation


Cohu, Inc.


Colas S.A.


Colfax Corporation


Collins Industries, Inc.


Colorado MEDtech, Inc.


Colt's Manufacturing Company, Inc.


Columbia Sportswear Company


Columbus McKinnon Corporation


CommScope, Inc.


Compagnie de Saint-Gobain


Compass Minerals International, Inc.


CompuDyne Corporation


Conair Corporation


Concord Camera Corporation


Congoleum Corp.


Conn-Selmer, Inc.


Conrad Industries, Inc.


Conso International Corporation


Consorcio G Grupo Dina, S.A. de C.V.


Constar International Inc.


Controladora Mabe, S.A. de C.V.


Cooper Cameron Corporation


Cooper Industries, Inc.


Cordis Corporation


Corning Inc.


Corrpro Companies, Inc.


Corticeira Amorim, Sociedade Gestora de Participaço es Sociais, S.A.


Crane Co.


Cranium, Inc.


Creative Technology Ltd.


Creo Inc.


Crosman Corporation


Crown Equipment Corporation


Cuisinart Corporation


Cummins Engine Company, Inc.


Curtiss-Wright Corporation


Cutter & Buck Inc.


Cyberonics, Inc.


Cybex International, Inc.


Cymer, Inc.


DC Shoes, Inc.


DCN S.A.


DEMCO, Inc.


DENSO Corporation


DMI Furniture, Inc.


DTS, Inc.


Dade Behring Holdings Inc.


Daisy Outdoor Products Inc.


Dana Corporation


Danaher Corporation


Daniel Industries, Inc.


Danisco A/S


De'Longhi S.p.A.


DeCrane Aircraft Holdings Inc.


DePuy Inc.


Dearborn Mid-West Conveyor Company


Decora Industries, Inc.


Decorator Industries Inc.


Deere & Company


Defiance, Inc.


Delachaux S.A.


Dell Inc.


Deluxe Corporation


Denby Group plc


Denison International plc


Detroit Diesel Corporation


Deutz AG


Devro plc


Diebold, Incorporated


Diehl Stiftung & Co. KG


Diesel SpA


Dixon Industries, Inc.


Dixon Ticonderoga Company


Djarum PT


Donaldson Company, Inc.


Donnelly Corporation


Dorel Industries Inc.


Douglas & Lomason Company


Dover Corporation


Drew Industries Inc.


Drexel Heritage Furnishings Inc.


Dril-Quip, Inc.


Drypers Corporation


Ducommun Incorporated


Duncan Toys Company


Dunn-Edwards Corporation


Duracell International Inc.


Durametallic


Duriron Company Inc.


Duron Inc.


Dynea


Dyson Group PLC


Dürkopp Adler AG


Dürr AG


EADS SOCATA


ECC International Corp.


EDO Corporation


EG & G Incorporated


EXX Inc.


Eagle-Picher Industries, Inc.


East Penn Manufacturing Co., Inc.


Eastman Kodak Company


Easton Sports, Inc.


Eaton Corporation


Ecolab Inc.


Ekco Group, Inc.


Elamex, S.A. de C.V.


Elano Corporation


Electrolux AB


Eljer Industries, Inc.


Elkay Manufacturing Company


Elscint Ltd.


Empire Resources, Inc.


Encompass Services Corporation


Encore Wire Corporation


Energizer Holdings, Inc.


Energy Conversion Devices, Inc.


Enesco Corporation


Engineered Support Systems, Inc.


English China Clays Ltd.


Enodis plc


Ernie Ball, Inc.


Escalade, Incorporated


Esselte


Esselte Leitz GmbH & Co. KG


Esterline Technologies Corp.


Ethan Allen Interiors, Inc.


Everlast Worldwide Inc.


Excel Technology, Inc.


FAG--Kugelfischer Georg Schäfer AG


FEI Company


FLIR Systems, Inc.


FLSmidth & Co. A/S


FSI International, Inc.


Fabbrica D' Armi Pietro Beretta S.p.A.


Facom S.A.


Faiveley S.A.


Falcon Products, Inc.


Fannie May Confections Brands, Inc.


Fanuc Ltd.


Farah Incorporated


Farmer Bros. Co.


Fastenal Company


Faultless Starch/Bon Ami Company


Featherlite Inc.


Fedders Corp.


Fedders Corporation


Federal Prison Industries, Inc.


Federal Signal Corp.


Fellowes Manufacturing Company


Fender Musical Instruments Company


Ferro Corporation


Firearms Training Systems, Inc.


First Alert, Inc.


First International Computer, Inc.


Fisher Controls International, Inc.


Fisher Controls International, LLC


Fisher Scientific International Inc.


Fisher-Price Inc.


Fiskars Corporation


Flanders Corporation


Fleetwood Enterprises, Inc.


Flexsteel Industries Inc.


Flextronics International Ltd.


Flour City International, Inc.


Flow International Corporation


Flowserve Corporation


Fort James Corporation


FosterGrant, Inc.


Fountain Powerboats Industries, Inc.


Foxboro Company


Framatome SA


Frank J. Zamboni & Co., Inc.


Franke Holding AG


Franklin Electric Company, Inc.


Freudenberg & Co.


Friedrich Grohe AG & Co. KG


Frigidaire Home Products


Frymaster Corporation


Fuji Photo Film Co., Ltd.


Fujisawa Pharmaceutical Company, Ltd.


Fuqua Enterprises, Inc.


Furniture Brands International, Inc.


Furon Company


G. Leblanc Corporation


G.S. Blodgett Corporation


GE Aircraft Engines


GEA AG


GKN plc


Gardner Denver, Inc.


Geberit AG


Gehl Company


Gemini Sound Products Corporation


Gemplus International S.A.


Gen-Probe Incorporated


General Atomics


General Bearing Corporation


General Binding Corporation


General Cable Corporation


General Dynamics Corporation


General Housewares Corporation


Genmar Holdings, Inc.


Georg Fischer AG Schaffhausen


Georgia Gulf Corporation


Gerber Scientific, Inc.


Gerresheimer Glas AG


Giddings & Lewis, Inc.


Gildemeister AG


Glaverbel Group


Gleason Corporation


Glen Dimplex


Global Power Equipment Group Inc.


Glock Ges.m.b.H.


Goodman Holding Company


Goodrich Corporation


Goody Products, Inc.


Goss Holdings, Inc.


Goulds Pumps Inc.


Graco Inc.


Graham Corporation


Granite Industries of Vermont, Inc.


Grant Prideco, Inc.


Greatbatch Inc.


Greene, Tweed & Company


Greif Inc.


Griffin Industries, Inc.


Griffon Corporation


Grinnell Corp.


Groupe André


Groupe Guillin SA


Groupe Herstal S.A.


Groupe Legris Industries


Groupe SEB


Grow Group Inc.


Groz-Beckert Group


Grupo Cydsa, S.A. de C.V.


Grupo IMSA, S.A. de C.V.


Grupo Industrial Saltillo, S.A. de C.V.


Grupo Lladró S.A.


Guangzhou Pearl River Piano Group Ltd.


Gulf Island Fabrication, Inc.


Gunite Corporation


Guy Degrenne SA


H.B. Fuller Company


HEICO Corporation


HMI Industries, Inc.


HON INDUSTRIES Inc.


Hach Co.


Hackman Oyj Adp


Haemonetics Corporation


Haier Group Corporation


Hansgrohe AG


Hanson PLC


Hardinge Inc.


Harland and Wolff Holdings plc


Harmon Industries, Inc.


Harnischfeger Industries, Inc.


Hartmarx Corporation


Haskel International, Inc.


Hastings Manufacturing Company


Haworth Inc.


Head N.V.


Headwaters Incorporated


Health O Meter Products Inc.


Heekin Can Inc.


Heidelberger Druckmaschinen AG


Hella KGaA Hueck & Co.


Henkel Manco Inc.


Heraeus Holding GmbH


Herman Miller, Inc.


Hermès International S.A.


Hexagon AB


High Tech Computer Corporation


Hillenbrand Industries, Inc.


Hillerich & Bradsby Company, Inc.


Hillsdown Holdings plc


Hilti AG


Hindustan Lever Limited


Hitchiner Manufacturing Co., Inc.


Hollander Home Fashions Corp.


Holson Burnes Group, Inc.


Home Products International, Inc.


Hooker Furniture Corporation


Hoshino Gakki Co. Ltd.


Host America Corporation


Hubbell Inc.


Huffy Corporation


Huhtamäki Oyj


Hummel International A/S


Hunt Manufacturing Company


Hunter Fan Company


Huntleigh Technology PLC


Hydril Company


Hyster Company


Héroux-Devtek Inc.


IDEO Inc.


II-VI Incorporated


IMI plc


INTERMET Corporation


Icon Health & Fitness, Inc.


IdraPrince, Inc.


Igloo Products Corp.


Illinois Tool Works Inc.


Imatra Steel Oy Ab


Imo Industries Inc.


In-Sink-Erator


Inchcape PLC


Inchcape plc


Indel, Inc.


Industrie Natuzzi S.p.A.


Infineon Technologies AG


Ingalls Shipbuilding, Inc.


Ingersoll-Rand Company


Ingersoll-Rand Company Ltd.


Insilco Corporation


Internacional de Ceramica, S.A. de C.V.


International Controls Corporation


International Flavors & Fragrances Inc.


International Game Technology


Intuitive Surgical, Inc.


Invacare Corporation


Invensys PLC


Invivo Corporation


Ionics, Incorporated


Ipsen International Inc.


Irwin Toy Limited


Itron, Inc.


J. D'Addario & Company, Inc.


J.M. Voith AG


JAKKS Pacific, Inc.


JLG Industries, Inc.


Jabil Circuit, Inc.


Jacuzzi Brands Inc.


Jacuzzi Inc.


James Avery Craftsman, Inc.


James Hardie Industries N.V.


JanSport, Inc.


Japan Tobacco Inc.


Jayco Inc.


Jeld-Wen, Inc.


Jenoptik AG


Jervis B. Webb Company


John Frieda Professional Hair Care Inc.


Johns Manville Corporation


Johnson Controls, Inc.


Johnson Matthey PLC


Johnson Worldwide Associates, Inc.


Johnstown America Industries, Inc.


Jostens, Inc.


Jotun A/S


Julius Blüthner Pianofortefabric GmbH


K'Nex Industries, Inc.


KB Toys


KI


KONE Corporation


KSB AG


Kaman Corp.


Kaman Corporation


Kaman Music Corporation


Kansai Paint Company Ltd.


Karsten Manufacturing Corporation


Kasper A.S.L., Ltd.


Katy Industries, Inc.


Kawai Musical Instruments Manufacturing Co., Ltd.


Kawasaki Heavy Industries, Ltd.


Kaydon Corporation


Kelly-Moore Paint Company, Inc.


Kenmore Air Harbor Inc.


Kennametal Inc.


Keramik Holding AG Laufen


Kerr Group Inc.


Kewaunee Scientific Corporation


Key Safety Systems, Inc.


Key Tronic Corporation


Keystone International, Inc.


Kimball International, Inc.


Kit Manufacturing Co.


Knape & Vogt Manufacturing Company


Knoll Group Inc.


Knoll, Inc.


Koala Corporation


Kobe Steel, Ltd.


Koch Enterprises, Inc.


Koenig & Bauer AG


Kohler Company


Komatsu Ltd.


Kone Corporation


KraftMaid Cabinetry, Inc.


Kubota Corporation


Kuhlman Corporation


Kwang Yang Motor Company Ltd.


Kyocera Corporation


L-3 Communications Holdings, Inc.


L. and J.G. Stickley, Inc.


L.B. Foster Company


L.S. Starrett Company


LADD Furniture, Inc.


LSB Industries, Inc.


La-Z-Boy Incoporated


LaCie Group S.A.


LaSiDo Inc.


Lacks Enterprises Inc.


Ladish Co., Inc.


Lafarge Cement UK


Lafarge Corporation


Lafuma S.A.


Lakeland Industries, Inc.


Lam Research Corporation


Lamson & Sessions Co.


Lancer Corporation


Laserscope


LeapFrog Enterprises, Inc.


Lear Corporation


Leatherman Tool Group, Inc.


Leggett & Platt, Inc.


Leggett & Platt, Incorporated


Leica Camera AG


Leica Microsystems Holdings GmbH


Lennox International Inc.


Lenox, Inc.


Leupold & Stevens, Inc.


Lexmark International, Inc.


Liebherr-International AG


Lifetime Brands, Inc.


Linamar Corporation


Lincoln Electric Co.


Lindal Cedar Homes, Inc.


Lindsay Manufacturing Co.


Lipman Electronic Engineering Ltd.


Little Tikes Co.


Little Tikes Company


Logitech International S.A.


Logitech International SA


Lufkin Industries, Inc.


Lydall, Inc.


Lynch Corporation


M & F Worldwide Corp.


M.A. Bruder & Sons, Inc.


MEMC Electronic Materials, Inc.


Mabuchi Motor Co. Ltd.


MacAndrews & Forbes Holdings Inc.


MacGregor Golf Company


Mace Security International, Inc.


Mackay Envelope Corporation


Madeco S.A.


Madison-Kipp Corporation


Mag Instrument, Inc.


Maidenform, Inc.


Mail-Well, Inc.


Makita Corporation


Manhattan Group, LLC


Manitou BF S.A.


Manitowoc Company, Inc.


Marcolin S.p.A.


Margarete Steiff GmbH


Marine Products Corporation


Marisa Christina, Inc.


Mark IV Industries, Inc.


Marshall Amplification plc


Martin Industries, Inc.


Martin-Baker Aircraft Company Limited


Marvin Lumber & Cedar Company


Mary Kay, Inc.


Masco Corporation


Masonite International Corporation


Master Lock Company


MasterBrand Cabinets, Inc.


Material Sciences Corporation


Matsushita Electric Industrial Co., Ltd.


Mattel, Inc.


Matth. Hohner AG


Matthews International Corporation


Maverick Tube Corporation


Maxco Inc.


Maxwell Shoe Company, Inc.


Maytag Corporation


McClain Industries, Inc.


McKechnie plc


McWane Corporation


Meade Instruments Corporation


Meadowcraft, Inc.


Measurement Specialties, Inc.


Medtronic, Inc.


Meggitt PLC


Meiji Seika Kaisha Ltd.


Memry Corporation


Menasha Corporation


Merck & Co., Inc.


Mercury Marine Group


Merillat Industries Inc.


Merillat Industries, LLC


Mestek, Inc.


Metso Corporation


Mettler-Toledo International Inc.


Michael Anthony Jewelers, Inc.


Micrel, Incorporated


Midwest Grain Products, Inc.


Miele & Cie. KG


Mikasa, Inc.


Mikohn Gaming Corporation


Milacron, Inc.


Miller Industries, Inc.


Milton Bradley Company


Mine Safety Appliances Company


Minolta Co., Ltd.


Minuteman International Inc.


Misonix, Inc.


Mity Enterprises, Inc.


Mobile Mini, Inc.


Mocon, Inc.


Modine Manufacturing Company


Modtech Holdings, Inc.


Moen Incorporated


Mohawk Industries, Inc.


Monnaie de Paris


Monster Cable Products, Inc.


Montblanc International GmbH


Montres Rolex S.A.


Montupet S.A.


Moog Music, Inc.


Morton International Inc.


Motorcar Parts & Accessories, Inc.


Moulinex S.A.


Movado Group, Inc.


Mr. Coffee, Inc.


Mr. Gasket Inc.


Multi-Color Corporation


Märklin Holding GmbH


NCR Corporation


NETGEAR, Inc.


NGK Insulators Ltd.


NKK Corporation


NOF Corporation


NSS Enterprises, Inc.


NTN Corporation


National Envelope Corporation


National Gypsum Company


National Oilwell, Inc.


National Picture & Frame Company


National Semiconductor Corporation


National Starch and Chemical Company


Natrol, Inc.


Natural Alternatives International, Inc.


Navistar International Corporation


Neenah Foundry Company


Neopost S.A.


New Holland N.V.


Newcor, Inc.


Newell Co.


Newell Rubbermaid Inc.


Newport Corporation


Newport News Shipbuilding Inc.


Nexans SA


Nidec Corporation


Nikon Corporation


Nintendo Company, Ltd.


Nippon Steel Corporation


NordicTrack


Nordson Corporation


Nortek, Inc.


Norton McNaughton, Inc.


Novellus Systems, Inc.


Nu-kote Holding, Inc.


O'Sullivan Industries Holdings, Inc.


ODL, Inc.


Oak Industries Inc.


Oakley, Inc.


Oakwood Homes Corporation


Oil-Dri Corporation of America


Oneida Ltd.


Optische Werke G. Rodenstock


Orange Glo International


Orbotech Ltd.


Orthofix International NV


Osmonics, Inc.


Otis Elevator Company, Inc.


Otor S.A.


Outboard Marine Corporation


Outdoor Research, Incorporated


Overhead Door Corporation


Owens Corning Corporation


Owosso Corporation


P & F Industries, Inc.


PPG Industries, Inc.


PVC Container Corporation


PW Eagle, Inc.


Pacer Technology


Pacific Coast Feather Company


Pacific Dunlop Limited


Pagnossin S.p.A.


Pall Corporation


Palm Harbor Homes, Inc.


Paloma Industries Ltd.


Panavision Inc.


Park Corp.


Parker-Hannifin Corporation


Parlex Corporation


Patrick Industries, Inc.


Paul Mueller Company


Pearl Musical Instrument Company


Pechiney SA


Pella Corporation


Penn Engineering & Manufacturing Corp.


Pentair, Inc.


Pentax Corporation


Pentech International, Inc.


PerkinElmer, Inc.


Peterson American Corporation


Phillips-Van Heusen Corporation


Phoenix AG


Phoenix Mecano AG


Physio-Control International Corp.


Pilkington plc


Pilot Pen Corporation of America


Pinguely-Haulotte SA


Pirelli & C. S.p.A.


Pitney Bowes, Inc.


Pittway Corporation


Planar Systems, Inc.


PlayCore, Inc.


Playmates Toys


Playskool, Inc.


Pleasant Company


Ply Gem Industries Inc.


Pochet SA


Polaris Industries Inc.


Polaroid Corporation


Pou Chen Corporation


Prada Holding B.V.


Pranda Jewelry plc


Praxair, Inc.


Precision Castparts Corp.


Pressman Toy Corporation


Presstek, Inc.


Price Pfister, Inc.


Prince Sports Group, Inc.


Printpack, Inc.


Printronix, Inc.


Puig Beauty and Fashion Group S.L.


Pulaski Furniture Corporation


Pumpkin Masters, Inc.


Punch International N.V.


Pure World, Inc.


Puritan-Bennett Corporation


Purolator Products Company


Q.E.P. Co., Inc.


QSC Audio Products, Inc.


Quixote Corporation


R. Griggs Group Limited


RENK AG


RF Micro Devices, Inc.


RHI AG


RMC Group p.l.c.


ROFIN-SINAR Technologies Inc.


ROHN Industries, Inc.


RPC Group PLC


RPM, Inc.


Racing Champions Corporation


Radio Flyer Inc.


Raleigh UK Ltd.


Rapala-Normark Group, Ltd.


Raven Industries, Inc.


Rayovac Corporation


Raytech Corporation


Recovery Engineering, Inc.


Red Spot Paint & Varnish Company


Red Wing Pottery Sales, Inc.


Reed & Barton Corporation


Regal-Beloit Corporation


Reichhold Chemicals, Inc.


Remington Arms Company, Inc.


Remington Products Company, L.L.C.


Renner Herrmann S.A.


Revell-Monogram Inc.


Revere Ware Corporation


Rexam PLC


Rexnord Corporation


Rheinmetall Berlin AG


Richardson Industries, Inc.


Riddell Sports Inc.


Rieter Holding AG


River Oaks Furniture, Inc.


Roadmaster Industries, Inc.


Robbins & Myers Inc.


Robertson-Ceco Corporation


Rock-Tenn Company


RockShox, Inc.


Rockford Products Corporation


Rockwell Automation


Rohde & Schwarz GmbH & Co. KG


Rohm and Haas Company


Rohr Incorporated


Roland Corporation


Rollerblade, Inc.


Rolls-Royce Group PLC


Ronson PLC


Roper Industries Inc.


Roper Industries, Inc.


Rose Art Industries


Roseburg Forest Products Company


Rotork plc


Royal Appliance Manufacturing Company


Royal Canin S.A.


Royal Doulton plc


Royal Group Technologies Limited


Russ Berrie and Company, Inc.


S.C. Johnson & Son, Inc.


SIFCO Industries, Inc.


SL Industries, Inc.


SLI, Inc.


SPS Technologies, Inc.


SPX Corporation


SRAM Corporation


SRC Holdings Corporation


STMicroelectronics NV


Sabaté Diosos SA


Safe Flight Instrument Corporation


Safeskin Corporation


Safety Components International, Inc.


Safilo SpA


Salant Corporation


Salton, Inc.


Samick Musical Instruments Co., Ltd.


Samsonite Corp.


Samsonite Corporation


Samuel Cabot Inc.


Sandvik AB


Sanford L.P.


Sanitec Corporation


Sanrio Company, Ltd.


Sauder Woodworking Company


Sauer-Danfoss Inc.


Sawtek Inc.


Schindler Holding AG


Schlage Lock Company


School-Tech, Inc.


Schott Corporation


Scotsman Industries, Inc.


Scovill Fasteners Inc.


SeaChange International, Inc.


Sealed Air Corporation


Sealy Inc.


Seattle FilmWorks, Inc.


Segway LLC


Seiko Corporation


Select Comfort Corporation


Sequa Corp.


Serta, Inc.


Severstal Joint Stock Company


Shakespeare Company


Shanghai Baosteel Group Corporation


Sheaffer Pen Corporation


Shelby Williams Industries, Inc.


Sherwood Brands, Inc.


Shimano Inc.


Shorewood Packaging Corporation


Shuffle Master Inc.


Shurgard Storage Centers, Inc.


Siliconware Precision Industries Ltd.


Simmons Company


Simplicity Manufacturing, Inc.


Simula, Inc.


Skis Rossignol S.A.


Skyline Corporation


Smead Manufacturing Co.


Smith & Wesson Corp.


Smith & Wesson Corporation


Smith Corona Corp.


Smith-Midland Corporation


Smoby International SA


Snap-On, Incorporated


Société BIC S.A.


Sola International Inc.


Sonic Innovations Inc.


SonoSite, Inc.


Spacelabs Medical, Inc.


Sparton Corporation


Spear & Jackson, Inc.


Specialized Bicycle Components Inc.


Specialty Equipment Companies, Inc.


Specialty Products & Insulation Co.


Spectrum Control, Inc.


Speizman Industries, Inc.


Spin Master, Ltd.


Spirax-Sarco Engineering plc


St. John Knits, Inc.


Stanadyne Automotive Corporation


Standex International Corporation


Stanley Furniture Company, Inc.


Starcraft Corporation


Stearns, Inc.


Steel Authority of India Ltd.


Steel Dynamics, Inc.


Steel Technologies Inc.


Steelcase, Inc.


Steinway Musical Properties, Inc.


Stelco Inc.


Stewart & Stevenson Services Inc.


Stratasys, Inc.


Strattec Security Corporation


Straumann Holding AG


Strombecker Corporation


Stryker Corporation


Sturm, Ruger & Company, Inc.


Sub-Zero Freezer Co., Inc.


Sudbury Inc.


Sumitomo Heavy Industries, Ltd.


Sunburst Shutters Corporation


Superior Essex Inc.


Swank Inc.


Swarovski International Holding AG


Swedish Match AB


Sweetheart Cup Company, Inc.


Sybron International Corp.


Syratech Corp.


Systemax, Inc.


TAB Products Co.


TAG Heuer International SA


TAG Heuer S.A.


TB Wood's Corporation


TDK Corporation


TJ International, Inc.


TOTO LTD.


TRW Automotive Holdings Corp.


Tacony Corporation


Taiheiyo Cement Corporation


Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company Ltd.


Tamron Company Ltd.


Tarkett Sommer AG


Taser International, Inc.


Taylor Guitars


Taylor Made Golf Co.


TearDrop Golf Company


Techtronic Industries Company Ltd.


Tecumseh Products Company


Tektronix, Inc.


Teledyne, Inc.


Tempur-Pedic Inc.


Tenaris SA


Tennant Company


Terex Corporation


Tetra Pak International SA


Thales S.A.


The Allied Defense Group, Inc.


The Andersons, Inc.


The Aristotle Corporation


The Babcock & Wilcox Company


The Bing Group


The Black & Decker Corporation


The Boyds Collection, Ltd.


The Carbide/Graphite Group, Inc.


The Charles Machine Works, Inc.


The Clorox Company


The Coleman Company, Inc.


The Cooper Companies, Inc.


The Eastern Company


The Eureka Company


The First Years Inc.


The Franklin Mint


The Gates Corporation


The George F. Cram Company, Inc.


The Gorman-Rupp Company


The Gunlocke Company


The Hartz Mountain Corporation


The Hockey Company


The Holland Group, Inc.


The Hoover Company


The Lamson & Sessions Co.


The Lane Co., Inc.


The Longaberger Company


The Manitowoc Company, Inc.


The Marmon Group


The Middleton Doll Company


The Monarch Cement Company


The Morgan Crucible Company plc


The Ohio Art Company


The Porcelain and Fine China Companies Ltd.


The Scotts Company


The Selmer Company, Inc.


The Shaw Group, Inc.


The Singer Company N.V.


The Singing Machine Company, Inc.


The Stanley Works


The Stephan Company


The Swatch Group SA


The Testor Corporation


The Timken Company


The Topaz Group, Inc.


The Toro Company


The Torrington Company


The Wiremold Company


The York Group, Inc.


Thermadyne Holding Corporation


Thermo BioAnalysis Corp.


Thermo Fibertek, Inc.


Thermo Instrument Systems Inc.


Thermo King Corporation


Thiokol Corporation


Thomas & Betts Corp.


Thomas Industries Inc.


Thomasville Furniture Industries, Inc.


Thor Industries, Inc.


Thyssen Krupp AG


TiVo Inc.


Tilia Inc.


Timex Corporation


Titan Cement Company S.A.


Todd Shipyards Corporation


Tokheim Corporation


Tomy Company Ltd.


Tong Yang Cement Corporation


Tonka Corporation


Toolex International N.V.


Toray Industries, Inc.


Town & Country Corporation


Toymax International, Inc.


Trane


TransPro, Inc.


Tredegar Corporation


Trek Bicycle Corporation


Trex Company, Inc.


TriMas Corp.


TriPath Imaging, Inc.


TriQuint Semiconductor, Inc.


Trico Products Corporation


Trisko Jewelry Sculptures, Ltd.


Triumph Group, Inc.


Tubos de Acero de Mexico, S.A. (TAMSA)


Tultex Corporation


Tupperware Corporation


Twin Disc, Inc.


Ty Inc.


Tyco International Ltd.


Tyco Toys, Inc.


U.S. Robotics Corporation


U.S. Robotics Inc.


ULVAC, Inc.


UTStarcom, Inc.


Ube Industries, Ltd.


Ultralife Batteries, Inc.


United Defense Industries, Inc.


United Defense, L.P.


United Dominion Industries Limited


United Industrial Corporation


United States Filter Corporation


United States Pipe and Foundry Company


Unitika Ltd.


Unitog Co.


Usinas Siderúrgicas de Minas Gerais S.A.


Utah Medical Products, Inc.


VA TECH ELIN EBG GmbH


VTech Holdings Ltd.


Vaillant GmbH


Vallourec SA


Valmont Industries, Inc.


Vari-Lite International, Inc.


Varian, Inc.


Variflex, Inc.


Varlen Corporation


Varta AG


Velcro Industries N.V.


Ventana Medical Systems, Inc.


Vermeer Manufacturing Company


Vestas Wind Systems A/S


Viasystems Group, Inc.


Vickers plc


Victorinox AG


Vidrala S.A.


Viessmann Werke GmbH & Co.


ViewSonic Corporation


Viking Range Corporation


Villeroy & Boch AG


Virco Manufacturing Corporation


Viscofan S.A.


Viskase Companies, Inc.


Vita Plus Corporation


Vitro Corporativo S.A. de C.V.


Vorwerk & Co.


Vosper Thornycroft Holding plc


Vossloh AG


W. H. Brady Co.


W. L. Gore & Associates, Inc.


W.A. Whitney Company


W.C. Bradley Co.


W.L. Gore & Associates, Inc.


W.W. Grainger, Inc.


WD-40 Company


WMS Industries, Inc.


Wabash National Corp.


Wabtec Corporation


Walbro Corporation


Walter Industries, Inc.


Washington Scientific Industries, Inc.


Wassall Plc


Waterford Wedgwood plc


Waters Corporation


Watts Industries, Inc.


Watts of Lydney Group Ltd.


Weber-Stephen Products Co.


Weeres Industries Corporation


Weg S.A.


Welbilt Corp.


Weru Aktiengesellschaft


West Bend Co.


Westell Technologies, Inc.


Westerbeke Corporation


Western Digital Corp.


Wheaton Science Products


Wheeling-Pittsburgh Corporation


Whirlpool Corporation


White Consolidated Industries Inc.


Wilbert, Inc.


Wilkinson Sword Ltd.


William L. Bonnell Company, Inc.


William Zinsser & Company, Inc.


Wilson Sporting Goods Company


Wincor Nixdorf Holding GmbH


Windmere Corporation


Winegard Company


WinsLoew Furniture, Inc.


Wolverine Tube Inc.


Wood-Mode, Inc.


Woodcraft Industries Inc.


Woodward Governor Co.


Woodward Governor Company


Wright Medical Group, Inc.


Wyant Corporation


Wyman-Gordon Company


Wynn's International, Inc.


Württembergische Metallwarenfabrik AG (WMF)


X-Rite, Inc.


Xerox Corporation


Yamaha Corporation


York International Corp.


Young Innovations, Inc.


Zebra Technologies Corporation


Zero Corporation


ZiLOG, Inc.


Zindart Ltd.


Zippo Manufacturing Company


Zodiac S.A.


Zygo Corporation


bioMérieux S.A.


geobra Brandstätter GmbH & Co. KG


voestalpine AG

















Sheffield City estate agent and letting agent | Martin & Co
































        Main navigation
      




          Book My Valuation
        











            Sheffield City estate agent and letting agent

      








Overview
 
Local Properties to rent
 
Local Properties for sale
 
Area
 
Team
 
News
 










Martin & Co Sheffield City
The  Martin & Co Sheffield City  Office is ideally situated in the heart of the  city on Campo Lane. We are easily accessible as there are tram and bus stops  less than a minutes         walk away and there is also ample parking nearby.  
Whether you        re buying  or selling a property, a landlord, or looking to rent somewhere; there are many  reasons why you should choose Martin & Co:
1.             We  let or sell a property every 7 minutes
2.             Our  staff have expert local knowledge
3.             We  are part of a network with over 180 branches nationwide
4.             Professional  photos and 3D floor plans are produced for every property
5.             You  only speak to our local team          we don        t believe in call centres
6.             Honest  valuations mean you sell quickly
7.             Our  staff are available to you for 75 hours a week
8.             We  have premium listings on Rightmove and Zoopla
9.             Winners  of 39 Estate & Letting Agency Awards
10.     Our  buyers are ready          we have 15,000 daily visits to our website
Visit us in branch today and find out more       
Please note that all phones calls to and from  this office  are recorded.







Thanks for your help during my tenure as a tenant 























Download company brochure ›






Recent reviews


            Average rating
          

5 out of 5






Akerke Akhmetova

5 out of 5

22-06-2017

              I want to thank Martin&Co for professionalism because they offered an apartment which is totally suited our requirements in terms of location and living standards, as well as the appropriate price. They did understand my situation that I needed accommodation asap. There wasn't any bureaucracy, all documents were prepared quickly and properly. There are convenient conditions for monthly payments as well as regular information support via e-mail. Company's web-site is also informative and useful. The stuff is very polite and tries to be helpful for every client. I would recommend Martin&Co as a reliable and client-friendly estate agent.
              Read more




Joanne Howe

5 out of 5

12-07-2017

              When I sold my house last year and was looking for rented, I've not rented before, this was the only company who went up and beyond to help me. I lost 3 other properties and one company refused to help me because I had cats. I was days from being homeless because I thought you just got somewhere and moved. I love it here and Martin and company have looked after me and done anything I've asked for. I can't thank them enough.
              Read more




Katherine Ellis

5 out of 5

21-05-2017

              Danika and Oksana have been wonderful throughout the entire time I have been a tenant with them. They were easy to contact, especially when I was having some maintenance done to the apartment, and very friendly. I recently moved out (sadly as the apartment in AG1 was lovely). Danika was very considerate when arranging viewings, always checking that it was convenient to visit. I couldn't recommend Martin & Co Sheffield City Centre enough...their tenancy fees were so much more reasonable compared to other rental agencies in the area, and they made my move so easy.
              Read more




Edward Robinson

4 out of 5

10-05-2017

              Really enjoyed renting from Martin & Co. Rented a place from them for 9 months and all of the staff there were very polite and friendly at all times. Occasionally had to give them a ring to remind them about small maintenance issues but they were always very willing to help and were very fair with returning deposit etc. Would rent with them again.
              Read more





View our 4 reviews on Google+







              Call on 0114 2738862 between 10:00 – 4:00
        




Branch details

      Call 0114 2738862
      
      (currently closed)
    


        Enquire now
        
      




      Campo House
      54 Campo Lane, 
      Sheffield,
      South Yorkshire
      S1 2EG
    

sheffieldcity@martinco.com





Opening hours


8:00 – 20:00 Monday.
      

8:00 – 20:00 Tuesday.
      

8:00 – 20:00 Wednesday.
      

8:00 – 20:00 Thursday.
      

8:00 – 20:00 Friday.
      

9:00 – 6:00 Saturday.
      

10:00 – 4:00 Sunday.
      





Our fees

Fees to landlords and tenants



Tenant Fees


Landlord Fees








Be sociable


Follow us on Twitter


Like us on Facebook


Follow us on Google+


View us on instagram


Email to friends



































Our estate agents



Scotland estate agents ›


North estate agents ›


East Midlands estate agents ›


West Midlands estate agents ›


Central estate agents ›


East and East Anglia estate agents ›


South East estate agents ›


London estate agents ›


South West estate agents ›


South estate agents ›


Wales estate agents ›


Northern Ireland estate agents ›


Republic of Ireland estate agents ›


North East estate agents ›


North West estate agents ›








      We use cookies to provide you with a better service. Carry on browsing if you're happy with this, or find out how to manage cookies.
      Close












Our property team at Sheffield City | Martin & Co
































        Main navigation
      




          Book My Valuation
        











            Sheffield City estate agent and letting agent

      








Overview
 
Local Properties to rent
 
Local Properties for sale
 
Area
 
Team
 
News
 










Harriet Cooke — Branch Manager
Harriet started her career in property 9 years ago as a conveyancing assistant. The last 5 years she has worked in estate agency in different roles and describes her current one as her dream job. Outside of work Harriet likes to spend time with her friends at music festivals and gigs.









Danika Gothard — Sales & Lettings Negotiator
After completing a degree in film and media and travelling to some of the world s most interesting places, Danika was inspired by her Mum s successful career in property. She says every day is different and being a typical Yorkshire lass she loves to meet new people and have a good natter whilst finding them a home. Danika is also getting first-hand experience of the property market as she is in the process of buying her first home at the age of just 22.









Faye Mowbray — Sales & Lettings Negotiator
Faye has recently joined the team after working for Sky Multimedia Corporation for the last 6 years. She studied Accounting and financial management at The University of Sheffield, however, her passion has always remained in property. Faye is eager to learn and progress here at Martin and Co and begin her own personal projects, purchasing properties to renovate and also buy to let. In her recreational time, she loves to be with her family, travel and learn.









Harriet Hickey — Property Manager
Harriet has returned to her home town of Sheffield after 5 years in the big smoke, she planned to stay one year but ended up staying for 5! Harriet s experience in property comes from her years working in the serviced apartment industry in Central London. She says I enjoy building good relationships with tenants, landlords and contractors . Last year she took part in a Tough Mudder which she says was amazing, and she would love to do another. She is currently trying to drag her Martin and Co colleague into doing one.









Oksana Egan — Senior Property Manager
Oksana is originally from the Ukraine, and moved to the UK a few years ago with her husband and son. She has always had a background in administration and finance after graduating with a degree in economics and finance in her native country. She speaks 3 languages fluently (Ukrainian, Russian and English) and some Polish! Her spare time and weekends are taken up supporting her sons fledgling rugby league career.









James Walsh — Property Manager
James graduated from Sheffield Hallam University with a degree in Building Surveying in 2016. He has worked at South Yorkshire Fire and Rescue where he earned valuable experience which he plans to use at Martin & Co. James is a very motivated person and plans to make his position as property manager very successful and provide an excellent service. In his free time James enjoys walking with his girlfriend in the Peak District, playing and watching football and taking care of his 4 nieces and nephews.









Michael Jacques — Land and New Homes Business Development Manager
Michael joined us after returning from working in real estate in Dubai. Previously he had a successful career for LSL Property Services PLC in land and new homes. His first experience in property was a winter work experience as an hod carrier on a building site which he says proves he can work hard! Michael went on to graduate with an Honours degree in Planning and Development from Nottingham University. Outside of work Michael is a keen cricketer, winning the independent schools 20/20 tournament in 2008.









Zoe Lowe — Sales Manager
Zoe started working in the property industry over 14 years ago as a Mortgage Adviser then moved into Estate Agency Sales. Joining Martin & Co to head up Sales in Sheffield, she helps people along from sales valuation all the way to completion. Zoe prides herself in having great customer service, knowledge and understanding of the housing market. Outside of work, she enjoys seeing live bands and spending time with family and friends.








              Call on 0114 2738862 between 10:00 – 4:00
        




Branch details

      Call 0114 2738862
      
      (currently closed)
    


        Enquire now
        
      




      Campo House
      54 Campo Lane, 
      Sheffield,
      South Yorkshire
      S1 2EG
    

sheffieldcity@martinco.com





Opening hours


8:00 – 20:00 Monday.
      

8:00 – 20:00 Tuesday.
      

8:00 – 20:00 Wednesday.
      

8:00 – 20:00 Thursday.
      

8:00 – 20:00 Friday.
      

9:00 – 6:00 Saturday.
      

10:00 – 4:00 Sunday.
      





Our fees

Fees to landlords and tenants



Tenant Fees


Landlord Fees








Be sociable


Follow us on Twitter


Like us on Facebook


Follow us on Google+


View us on instagram


Email to friends



































Our estate agents



Scotland estate agents ›


North estate agents ›


East Midlands estate agents ›


West Midlands estate agents ›


Central estate agents ›


East and East Anglia estate agents ›


South East estate agents ›


London estate agents ›


South West estate agents ›


South estate agents ›


Wales estate agents ›


Northern Ireland estate agents ›


Republic of Ireland estate agents ›


North East estate agents ›


North West estate agents ›








      We use cookies to provide you with a better service. Carry on browsing if you're happy with this, or find out how to manage cookies.
      Close












Sheffield City properties for sale and to rent | Martin & Co
































        Main navigation
      




          Book My Valuation
        











            Sheffield City estate agent and letting agent

      








Overview
 
Local Properties to rent
 
Local Properties for sale
 
Area
 
Team
 
News
 





Latest properties to rent

View all properties to rent










3 photos




            £138pw | £600pcm
            
fees to tenants

 2 bedroom Flat to rent 
George Street, CITY CENTRE S1




Details ›
 









1 photos




            £115pw | £500pcm
            
fees to tenants

 1 bedroom Flat to rent 
George Street, Sheffield City Centre S1




Details ›
 









8 photos
Let




            £138pw | £600pcm
            
fees to tenants

 1 bedroom Apartment to rent 
Fitzwilliam House, Milton Street CITY CENTRE S1




Details ›
 









14 photos




            £433pw | £1,875pcm
            
fees to tenants

 5 bedroom Terraced House to rent 
Rosa Road, Crookesmoor, S10 BILLS INCLUDED S10




Details ›
 









1 photos




            £173pw | £750pcm
            
fees to tenants

 1 bedroom Apartment to rent 
Croft Building, Hawley Street CITY CENTRE S1




Details ›
 









8 photos




            £167pw | £725pcm
            
fees to tenants

 1 bedroom Apartment to rent 
New Apartment - St James Row, Cathedral Quarter CITY CENTRE S1




Details ›
 









9 photos




            £219pw | £950pcm
            
fees to tenants

 2 bedroom Apartment to rent 
New Apartment - St James Row, Cathedral Quarter CITY CENTRE S1




Details ›
 









10 photos




            £225pw | £975pcm
            
fees to tenants

 2 bedroom Apartment to rent 
New Apartment - St James Row, Cathedral Quarter CITY CENTRE S1




Details ›
 









8 photos




            £173pw | £750pcm
            
fees to tenants

 1 bedroom Apartment to rent 
New Apartment - St James Row, Cathedral Quarter CITY CENTRE S1




Details ›
 









              Call on 0114 2738862 between 10:00 – 4:00
        




Branch details

      Call 0114 2738862
      
      (currently closed)
    


        Enquire now
        
      




      Campo House
      54 Campo Lane, 
      Sheffield,
      South Yorkshire
      S1 2EG
    

sheffieldcity@martinco.com





Opening hours


8:00 – 20:00 Monday.
      

8:00 – 20:00 Tuesday.
      

8:00 – 20:00 Wednesday.
      

8:00 – 20:00 Thursday.
      

8:00 – 20:00 Friday.
      

9:00 – 6:00 Saturday.
      

10:00 – 4:00 Sunday.
      





Our fees

Fees to landlords and tenants



Tenant Fees


Landlord Fees








Be sociable


Follow us on Twitter


Like us on Facebook


Follow us on Google+


View us on instagram


Email to friends



































Our estate agents



Scotland estate agents ›


North estate agents ›


East Midlands estate agents ›


West Midlands estate agents ›


Central estate agents ›


East and East Anglia estate agents ›


South East estate agents ›


London estate agents ›


South West estate agents ›


South estate agents ›


Wales estate agents ›


Northern Ireland estate agents ›


Republic of Ireland estate agents ›


North East estate agents ›


North West estate agents ›








      We use cookies to provide you with a better service. Carry on browsing if you're happy with this, or find out how to manage cookies.
      Close












Sheffield City branch and surrounding area | Martin & Co
































        Main navigation
      




          Book My Valuation
        











            Sheffield City estate agent and letting agent

      








Overview
 
Local Properties to rent
 
Local Properties for sale
 
Area
 
Team
 
News
 







The area
Martin & Co Sheffield City   has a large portfolio of managed properties in the City Centre;   home to Sheffield's many and varied  restaurants, bars and shops.   Some are located within walking distance from the  Universities. We also have a good range of apartments and houses in and around the City including the "Golden Mile"  Ecclesall Road, Parklands, Meersbrook, Fulwood, Crookes, Banner Cross  and many more.
Sheffield  has a lot to offer and there is something here for everyone whether you want a new build, an older style property, live in a buzzing, busy area or experience a more gentle way of life. Sheffield has it all.








              Call on 0114 2738862 between 10:00 – 4:00
        




Branch details

      Call 0114 2738862
      
      (currently closed)
    


        Enquire now
        
      




      Campo House
      54 Campo Lane, 
      Sheffield,
      South Yorkshire
      S1 2EG
    

sheffieldcity@martinco.com





Opening hours


8:00 – 20:00 Monday.
      

8:00 – 20:00 Tuesday.
      

8:00 – 20:00 Wednesday.
      

8:00 – 20:00 Thursday.
      

8:00 – 20:00 Friday.
      

9:00 – 6:00 Saturday.
      

10:00 – 4:00 Sunday.
      





Our fees

Fees to landlords and tenants



Tenant Fees


Landlord Fees








Be sociable


Follow us on Twitter


Like us on Facebook


Follow us on Google+


View us on instagram


Email to friends



































Our estate agents



Scotland estate agents ›


North estate agents ›


East Midlands estate agents ›


West Midlands estate agents ›


Central estate agents ›


East and East Anglia estate agents ›


South East estate agents ›


London estate agents ›


South West estate agents ›


South estate agents ›


Wales estate agents ›


Northern Ireland estate agents ›


Republic of Ireland estate agents ›


North East estate agents ›


North West estate agents ›








      We use cookies to provide you with a better service. Carry on browsing if you're happy with this, or find out how to manage cookies.
      Close








Dr Martin in Sheffield, Alabama with Reviews - YP.comStart your search by typing in the business name below.
What do you want to find?

Where?My current locationSearchHomeSheffield, ALDr MartinSheffield, AL Dr MartinAbout Search ResultsAbout Search ResultsYP - The Real Yellow PagesSM - helps you find the right local businesses to meet your specific needs. Search results are sorted by a combination of factors to give you a set of choices in response to your search criteria. These factors are similar to those you might use to determine which business to select from a local Yellow Pages directory, including proximity to where you are searching, expertise in the specific services or products you need, and comprehensive business information to help evaluate a business's suitability for you. “Preferred” listings, or those with featured website buttons, indicate YP advertisers who directly provide information about their businesses to help consumers make more informed buying decisions. YP advertisers receive higher placement in the default ordering of search results and may appear in sponsored listings on the top, side, or bottom of the search results page.Sort:DefaultDefaultDistanceRatingName (A - Z)Sponsored LinksMedical Alert SystemsNeed a Medical Alert System?See The #1 Rated Company Near Youbestcompany.com/medical-alertAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your health collection!Error when adding to health collectionThis business was removed from the health collection1. Barnes Martin M Jr Dr422 S Cedar StFlorence, AL 35630(256) 764-6761DentistsWebsiteAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your car collection!Error when adding to car collectionThis business was removed from the car collection2. Martin Tire CenterBBB Rating: A+320 S Montgomery AveSheffield, AL 35660(256) 381-7985Tire DealersAuto Repair & ServiceWheelsAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your health collection!Error when adding to health collectionThis business was removed from the health collection3. Larry T Martin DC - CLOSED17493 Highway 72Rogersville, AL 35652Chiropractors & Chiropractic ServicesWebsiteAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your other collection!Error when adding to other collectionThis business was removed from the other collection4. Martin, Timothy L MD342 Cox BlvdSheffield, AL 35660(256) 383-4473No Internet Heading AssignedAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your other collection!Error when adding to other collectionThis business was removed from the other collection5. Martin Sr, Timothy L, MD408 Oakhill AveSheffield, AL 35660(256) 381-6398Nurses RegistriesNursesAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your health collection!Error when adding to health collectionThis business was removed from the health collection6. Martin, Jean Claude MD203 Avalon AveMuscle Shoals, AL 35661(256) 386-1135Physicians & SurgeonsAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your health collection!Error when adding to health collectionThis business was removed from the health collection7. Martin, Danny MD204 Ana DrFlorence, AL 35630(256) 767-5940Physicians & SurgeonsWebsiteAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your health collection!Error when adding to health collectionThis business was removed from the health collection8. Martin, Claude F MD2129 Helton DrFlorence, AL 35630(256) 718-3200Sports Medicine & Injuries TreatmentWebsiteAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your health collection!Error when adding to health collectionThis business was removed from the health collection9. Martin Timothy L Sr MDTuscumbia, AL 35674(256) 381-6398Physicians & SurgeonsAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your health collection!Error when adding to health collectionThis business was removed from the health collectionPREFERRED10. Martin Foot Specialists Inc426 Cox BlvdSheffield, AL 35660(256) 389-1990Physicians & Surgeons, PodiatristsWebsiteDirectionsServicesMore InfoAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your other collection!Error when adding to other collectionThis business was removed from the other collection11. Martin Supply Company Inc200 E Appleton AveSheffield, AL 35660(256) 383-3131MachineryWebsiteFrom Business: Martin Supply Company, also known as MSCO, is one of the leading providers of custom-tailored solutions for maintenance, repair and operation (MRO) supplies to th…Add to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your health collection!Error when adding to health collectionThis business was removed from the health collection12. Martin, Kent Dr426 Cox BlvdSheffield, AL 35660(256) 389-1990Physicians & Surgeons, PodiatristsAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your home collection!Error when adding to home collectionThis business was removed from the home collection13. Martin Plant SvsPo Box 790Sheffield, AL 35660(256) 355-1751PlantsBamboo ProductsAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your services collection!Error when adding to services collectionThis business was removed from the services collection14. Martin, Jeremy801 Avalon AveMuscle Shoals, AL 35661(256) 383-7077Agriculture InsuranceInsuranceAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your shopping collection!Error when adding to shopping collectionThis business was removed from the shopping collection15. Martin Industrial Supply125 N Court StFlorence, AL 35630(256) 383-3131General MerchandiseWebsiteAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your health collection!Error when adding to health collectionThis business was removed from the health collection16. Martin, Meghan3401 Woodward AveMuscle Shoals, AL 35661(256) 381-0631PharmaciesWebsiteAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your other collection!Error when adding to other collectionThis business was removed from the other collection17. Martin J Smith205 Marengo StFlorence, AL 35630(866) 313-5265No Internet Heading AssignedAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your other collection!Error when adding to other collectionThis business was removed from the other collection18. Alvaro Martin Segura-Vasi205 Marengo StFlorence, AL 35630(256) 768-9191No Internet Heading AssignedAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your other collection!Error when adding to other collectionThis business was removed from the other collection19. Martin Charles1002 S Washington StTuscumbia, AL 35674(256) 320-5502No Internet Heading AssignedAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your other collection!Error when adding to other collectionThis business was removed from the other collection20. Martin Supply Company125 N Court StFlorence, AL 35630(256) 383-3131Industrial Equipment & SuppliesWebsiteAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your shopping collection!Error when adding to shopping collectionThis business was removed from the shopping collection21. Martin's Family Clothing550 Cox Creek PkwyFlorence, AL 35630(256) 764-0572Children & Infants ClothingWebsiteAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your health collection!Error when adding to health collectionThis business was removed from the health collection22. Martin, Kristie1903 Bruin DrFlorence, AL 35630(256) 767-3228Dental HygienistsAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your services collection!Error when adding to services collectionThis business was removed from the services collection23. Martin Aycock Properties Inc2807 S Wilson Dam RdMuscle Shoals, AL 35661(256) 381-7100Real Estate AgentsAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your other collection!Error when adding to other collectionThis business was removed from the other collection24. Lockheed Martin200  Lockheed WayCourtland, AL 35618(256) 637-0544Technology-Research & DevelopmentWebsiteAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your other collection!Error when adding to other collectionThis business was removed from the other collection25. Martin Farm385 Tennessee StCourtland, AL 35618(256) 637-2281FarmsWebsiteAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your car collection!Error when adding to car collectionThis business was removed from the car collection26. Martin's Custom Paint & BodyBBB Rating: A+3081 Bucksnort Ridge RdCollinwood, TN 38450(931) 724-4430Automobile Body Repairing & PaintingWebsiteAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your other collection!Error when adding to other collectionThis business was removed from the other collection27. Steve Martin Timber Working5199 Nelson RdWestpoint, TN 38486(931) 724-4196Logging CompaniesAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your other collection!Error when adding to other collectionThis business was removed from the other collection28. Martin Oligee Lanise14766 Davis RdAthens, AL 35611(256) 614-0545Professional OrganizationsAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your services collection!Error when adding to services collectionThis business was removed from the services collectionPREFERRED29. Martin David L681 Main StMoulton, AL 35650(256) 669-4176Wrongful Death AttorneysCouponsDirectionsMore InfoFREE ConsultationFrom Business: "Call For A FREE Consultation!"Add to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your home collection!Error when adding to home collectionThis business was removed from the home collection30. Martin & Cobey Construction Co Inc14451 Market StMoulton, AL 35650(256) 905-0230Building ContractorsSponsored LinksShowing1-30
of 30resultsRelated Articlesfor Dr Martinmore related articles »Drug Abuse: Symptoms to Look for in a Loved One »One out of every seven Americans will face a substance addiction. Here are some resources to help you help a loved one, and notice…The January 2017 To-Do List »The holiday festivities are over, but January doesn't have to be a drag. It's actually the best time to finish projects and organize your life – all while having a little fun. Urgent Care: What to Know, When to Go »We needed an ear, nose and throat specialist, but the wait at our HMO was two weeks. What now? An emergency room seemed like overk…Map ViewSponsoredCozart, David-203 Avalon Ave, Muscle Shoals, AL 35661(256) 314-6947WebsiteDirectionsMore InfoCarmichael, Laurence C MD FCCP1111 S Raleigh Ave, Sheffield, AL 35660(256) 648-5321WebsiteDirectionsMore InfoCarmichael, Laurence C MD FCCP1111 S Raleigh Ave, Sheffield, AL 35660(256) 648-5321WebsiteDirectionsMore InfoShoals Urological Associates PC1015 S Jackson Hwy, Sheffield, AL 35660(256) 978-3132Board CertifiedWebsiteYP AdDirectionsMore InfoMedical Associates Of The Shoals PC1120 S Jackson Hwy Ste 300, Sheffield, AL 35660(256) 661-4731SPECIALISTS IN ADULT HEALTHWebsiteYP AdDirectionsMore InfoLeMaster, Kenneth F MD323 N Montgomery Ave, Sheffield, AL 35660(256) 381-6673Contact Us For InformationWebsiteDirectionsMore InfoLong, F Allen MD421 Cox Blvd, Sheffield, AL 35660(256) 386-7040Contact Us for InformationDirectionsMore InfoFlorence Family Practice122 E Tennessee St, Florence, AL 35630(256) 764-9830WebsiteYP AdDirectionsMore InfoNorthwest Alabama Cancer Center101 Dr W H Blake Jr Dr, Muscle Shoals, AL 35661(256) 381-1001The Latest in Treatment based on Human KindnessWebsiteDirectionsMore InfoWilson Charles E MD PC541 W College St, Florence, AL 35630(256) 718-2188WebsiteDirectionsMore InfoTennessee Valley Pediatric Associates Inc234 Keller Park Blvd, Tuscumbia, AL 35674(256) 648-5861TREATING YOUR CHILDREN AS OUR OWNWebsiteVirtual TourYP AdDirectionsMore InfoMed Plus108 Avalon Ave, Muscle Shoals, AL 35661(256) 389-9300Contact Us For InformationWebsiteDirectionsMore InfoFull Life Wellness Center156 Titan Dr, Florence, AL 35630(256) 740-0690Take Care of Yourself - Be BeautifulWebsiteVirtual TourYP AdDirectionsMore InfoFlorence Ophthalmology PC646 Cox Creek Pkwy, Florence, AL 35630(256) 980-1705Board Certified Eye SurgeonsWebsiteDirectionsMore InfoMoore Family Medicine Clinic2407 Helton Dr, Florence, AL 35630(256) 718-7001Contact Us For InformationDirectionsMore InfoAdvantage Family Care1829 Darby Dr, Florence, AL 35630(256) 349-5496Urgent Care For Your FamilyDirectionsMore InfoNorthwest Alabama Medical Associates2115 Cloyd Blvd, Florence, AL 35630(256) 664-1716Walk In or Appointments Are WelcomeWebsiteYP AdDirectionsMore InfoKillen Clinic210 J C Mauldin Hwy, Killen, AL 35645(256) 664-1407WebsiteDirectionsMore InfoHollis, David A MD210 J C Mauldin Hwy, Killen, AL 35645(256) 757-5353WebsiteDirectionsMore InfoGaputis, Charles A DR16053 Highway 72, Rogersville, AL 35652(256) 483-4395Family Medicine. Call for an appointment.DirectionsMore InfoDecker, Miranda MD535 Gandy St NE, Russellville, AL 35653(256) 332-1120Comprehensive Adult Health CareWebsiteDirectionsMore InfoKelly, Kevin G MD13150 Highway 43 Ste 10, Russellville, AL 35653(256) 398-3298Family Practice, Pediatrics, Weight ManagementYP AdDirectionsMore InfoLindsey, Laura M MD537 Gandy St NE, Russellville, AL 35653(256) 398-3325WebsiteDirectionsMore InfoDr. Kelly's Urgent Care13150 Highway 43, Russellville, AL 35653(256) 668-8130Open 7 days a week!WebsiteDirectionsMore InfoLaser Spine InstituteServing the Sheffield area.(866) 382-7494WebsiteLocal ListingsVideoMore InfoChildren's of Alabama1600 7th Ave S, Birmingham, AL 35233Find a Location(205) 638-9100Healthcare as amazing as their potentialWebsiteFind a PhysicianDirectionsMore InfoDidn't find what you were looking for?magnifying glassHelpful Reviews Richards, Brian C DOBeth W. ratedDr. Richards is caring and interested in his patients.  He had an awesome bedside manner.  He takes time to listen and explain.  I highly recommend him to anyone looking for a general practitioner.Did You Know?Physicians and surgeons help to keep people - from infants to the elderly - as healthy as possible. These individuals provide diagnoses and treatments for a wide variety of ailments, and preventative care and early detection for more serious illnesses. Whether you love or hate going to the doctor, the fact is your physician is there to listen to your health concerns, take preventative measures against diseases and advise you on your options for staying in tip-top shape.In 2013, there were more than 1 million doctors of medicine in the U.S., over 854,000 of which were active. Additionally, in 2012, there were about 18,000 active general surgeons in the country. It's important to know which type of physician or surgeon you need, how to choose the best one, and account for other considerations in order to stay healthy.Different Types of PhysiciansPatients can choose from a wide variety of physicians depending on doctor specialty and what problems they are experiencing. Here are a few of the most common types of physicians that you may see in your lifetime:General Practitioner
Your GP is the doctor that you go to for regular checkups, vaccines and to identify health issues. GPs can treat many different illnesses and injuries, from the common cold to a broken arm. If your health requires a second opinion or expert care, the GP will refer you to a specialist who has the skills to focus in on the issue.Cardiologist
Heart attacks and heart disease are some of the most common afflictions seen across the country, making cardiologists important to your long-term health. These physicians specialize in studying and treating the heart and related diseases.Dentist
Other than a GP, the dentist is likely the most common physician you'll ever see. These professionals work with the human mouth, ensuring that your teeth and gum health are up to par. Patients typically go to the dentist twice a year.Dermatologist
Dermatologists are focused on skin-related issues and diseases, from skin cancers, to acute acne, eczema, psoriasis, and general cosmetic concerns like aging and scars. Most will also perform annual or semi-annual mole checks to screen for any signs of melanoma, the most serious form of skin cancer.ENT
If you have a number of sinus infections or have had your tonsils taken out, you've likely seen an ENT specialist. ENTs handle ailments related to the ear, nose and throat, often related to taking out tonsils and treating hearing issues.OB/GYN
For many women, their gynecologist and obstetrician are the same person. These professionals work with the female reproductive system to focus on reproductive health, fertility issues, prenatal care, options for new and expectant mothers, neonatal care and childbirth. OB/GYNs can also help in the early detection of breast or cervical cancer.Choosing a PhysicianThere are obviously a number of physicians that you can choose from, but how do you know if they're the best choice for you? Here are a few considerations to help you pick a physician:Look at Your Insurance
Before you get down to the details, you need to verify which doctors are covered by your insurance and whether they are in or out of your carrier's network. Rates may be cheaper if the doc is in network – a doctor can be covered by your insurance but not necessarily in network. Out of network is typically more expensive. Doctors often add and drop plans, so it's important to ensure that your options are compatible with your insurance plan. Doing your homework will help you avoid unexpected expenses. Check for Board Certification
Your physician should be certified through the American Board of Medical Specialties. Doctors must earn a medical degree from a qualified school, complete three to seven years of residency training, be licensed by a state medical board and pass one or more ABMS exams to be certified.Examine the Reviews
Reviews of a doctor can reveal a lot about what your experience may be like. People may grade on staff friendliness, availability and effectiveness of treatment. Looking at these evaluations and getting recommendations from family and friends can direct you toward a physician for your needs.Choosing a SurgeonSurgeons can literally hold your life in their hands, and it's important to find the best one that can put you at ease and treat you effectivelyCompatibility Factor
You need to feel comfortable with your surgeon. It's important to communicate your concerns and that your surgeon can respond adequately. Surgeons should be willing to go over the details of your procedure and answer any questions that you may have. They must take the time to discuss and address your worries.Expertise Level
If you're going in for surgery, you want someone that knows what they're doing and has a high success rate. Ask how often the surgeon performs this surgery and try to find one that regularly does it. This will give you peace of mind that you're in capable hands.Understanding Your InsuranceYour decision on a physician or surgeon can be majorly affected by the insurance plan you have. You may have insurance through employment, your spouse, your parents if you're under 26, or the marketplace if the previous options don't apply to you. It's important to understand how your insurance works to have the full picture of what you'll need to pay for.Your insurance will have a deductible, which is the amount that you're responsible to pay for covered medical expenses. Some plans have coinsurances, where you must pay a certain percentage of the bill, and insurance will cover the rest. Co-pays state a flat rate for certain services, like paying $20 when you visit your GP or a $100 co-pay for an emergency room visit. Once you reach your out-of-pocket maximum, which will differ if you're an individual or within a family plan, your insurance may pay for 100 percent of covered medical expenses for the rest of the plan year.If you plan to go to the doctor, need medication or have been recommended for surgery, call your insurance provider or go online to see what your plan covers. You can choose the best doctor for your needs, understand your options and prevent yourself from being blindsided by medical expenses.Setting Your AppointmentMost doctors require a phone call for an appointment, although some may provide online scheduling as well. Be sure to have your insurance card with you when you set an appointment, and to bring it with you to the actual appointment. They need the ID numbers to verify your coverage, and will usually make a copy of the card for their files so you don't have to show it again unless your insurance changes.When you call, let them know if you're a new patient, as this will require you to complete some paperwork for your first visit. Tell them the reason for your visit, such as your symptoms if you're feeling sick. It's also important to inform them if you have Medicaid and to find out if you need to bring anything to the visit, like current medications or medical records.From here, the receptionist will likely ask what dates and times work best for you. During your call, it's important to be honest about your symptoms and the reason for your visit. This information will help the doctor treat you and give him or her an idea of what to expect. Your appointment may progress faster as a result, and the doctor can come prepared with a list of options to better care for you.RisksDoctors see a number of patients in a day, sometimes in 15-minute increments in areas where the physicians are in high demand. This can leave little time for doctors to perform thorough examinations, and they can end up missing certain problem indicators. While some problems, like a cold or flu, can be diagnosed in this time, more complex ailments require attention, which takes up time. Reviews can illuminate which doctors actively spend the necessary time with their patients and which ones are pressed against the clock to meet demand.Surgery has some more dire risks attached to it, so be sure to talk to your surgeon about the potential issues that can come up as a result of your procedure. If a patient has a reaction to anesthesia, it can cause very serious complications, but this is an uncommon occurrence. Blood clots can be a significant problem after surgery, often caused by inactivity during recovery. Infections, numbness, scarring, swelling and death are all possible, but the likelihood of these issues will vary depending on the type of surgery you're undergoing. Talk to your doctor about your concerns and your risk potential.AftercareSurgery affects people in different ways, but as you begin to emerge from anesthesia, you'll want to alert your nurse to any issues you may have. The nurse will tell you how the procedure went, what effect it will have on your condition, what to expect when you get home and how long it will take to get back to normal. If you start feeling pain, the nurse may give you medication to stop it from getting worse. When possible, it's also advised to move around to avoid blood clots from developing in your legs. This can be as simple as occasionally flexing your knee or rotating your foot. Some surgeries are outpatient procedures, where people are released the same day. For major surgeries, patients may stay at the hospital for a few days to be monitored and address any concerns before being sent home. Discuss with your surgeon the projected length of the hospital stay and what you need to bring.Recovery and Follow-upYour recovery time and follow-up expectations will vary depending on your procedure. For example, you can be expected to be on your feet within a few days of having your wisdom teeth taken out, but it may be weeks before you have fully recovered from a broken foot or heart-valve surgery. Your surgeon will give you a list of things that you'll need to do during this time, including what medications to take and when you'll be able to get back to work and other activities.Every surgery will have a follow-up call or appointment to discuss your recovery and allow you to ask any questions about unusual symptoms or changes in your overall health. If you have a major operation, like heart surgery, it's important to make regular checkups with your doctor or a specialist to ensure that everything is normal. Visiting a doctor will help deter infection and verify that everything is healing as expected. These appointments will give you peace of mind about your state of health and ensure that any issues are caught early on. 
We just redesigned yp.com! Do you like it?×            LikeNot a Fan×            Thank You!Feedback


Martin Supply Co Inc 200 E Appleton Ave Sheffield, AL Industrial Equipment & Supplies - MapQuest







































































































    Martin Supply Co Inc
  

200 E Appleton Ave

Sheffield
AL
35660




 Reviews



(256) 383-3132
Website

        Menu & Reservations
      



            Make Reservations 




            Order Online
          

            Tickets
          




          Tickets
        


        See Availability
      





      Nearby
    


      Directions
    


    {{::location.tagLine.value.text}}
  



Sponsored Topics








































See a problem?
Let us know!


  
  
            Martin Supply Company, also known as MSCO, is one of the leading providers of custom-tailored solutions for maintenance, repair and operation (MRO) supplies to the construction market. Established in 1934, it serves industrial customers and small machine shops. The company s inventory includes various product lines, such as material handling equipment, paints, lubricants, adhesives, abrasives, pumps and compressors, and cutting, hand and power tools. Martin Supply Company provides inventory management, logistics, and tool setting and staging services through its subsidiary, Martin Plant Services. It also operates a division, Townsend Systems, which is a full-service, low-voltage contractor that offers design and installation services for access control, burglar and fire alarm, intercom, network wiring, nurse call, sound reinforcement, telephone and video surveillance systems. The company has a work force of more than 240 employees and over 15 branch locations in the southeastern United States. Martin Supply Company s other subsidiaries include Martin Industrial Supply and Townsend Door Hardware.
          






















Legal






Help






















需要安全验证




Facebook加入或登录 Facebook   邮箱或手机号密码忘记帐户？登录想加入 Facebook 吗？注册注册安全验证码请输入以下文本看不清楚上面的文字？换一个或播放语音验证信息框中文字：这是什么？安全验证这是一个标准的安全测试，用于阻止垃圾邮件制造者创建假帐户并向用户发送垃圾信息。提交中文(简体)English (US)日本語한국어Français (France)Bahasa IndonesiaPolskiEspañolPortuguês (Brasil)DeutschItalianoMessengerFacebook Lite用户地点游戏位置名人二手市场小组食谱彩色气球Instagram公司简介创建广告创建主页开发者招聘信息隐私权政策Cookie广告选项条款设置活动日志 Facebook © 2017































Silver Chalice Cup, Hallmarked Sheffield 1864, Martin, Hall & Co • $1,006.69 - PicClick






















Home
Antiques
Silver
Solid Silver
Cups/Goblets


Like us on Facebook








 Silver Chalice Cup, Hallmarked Sheffield 1864, Martin, Hall & Co  1 of 9 Silver Chalice Cup, Hallmarked Sheffield 1864, Martin, Hall & Co 2 2 of 9 Silver Chalice Cup, Hallmarked Sheffield 1864, Martin, Hall & Co 3 3 of 9 Silver Chalice Cup, Hallmarked Sheffield 1864, Martin, Hall & Co 4 4 of 9 Silver Chalice Cup, Hallmarked Sheffield 1864, Martin, Hall & Co 5 5 of 9 Silver Chalice Cup, Hallmarked Sheffield 1864, Martin, Hall & Co 6 6 of 9 Silver Chalice Cup, Hallmarked Sheffield 1864, Martin, Hall & Co 7 7 of 9 Silver Chalice Cup, Hallmarked Sheffield 1864, Martin, Hall & Co 8 8 of 9 Silver Chalice Cup, Hallmarked Sheffield 1864, Martin, Hall & Co 9 9 of 9 See More









 See Details on eBay


 Watch
 Contact

   

Silver Chalice Cup, Hallmarked Sheffield 1864, Martin, Hall & Co

$1,006.69 or Best Offer 15d, $12.99 Shipping, 30-Day Returns				






Seller: dart.silver.limited (5,660) 100% , 
					Location: Grangemouth, 
					Ships to: Worldwide, 
					Item: 142439871129


Toggle navigation Menu Home About Us View Feedback Description Summary Antique sterling silver chalice cup by Martin Hall & Co, hallmarked from Sheffield in 1864. Main Description English antique sterling silver cup on foot like a chalice cup but with a handle. Its hallmarked from Sheffield in 1864 with the makers mark being that of Martin, Hall & Co (Richard Martin & Ebenezer Hall). A highly decorated piece in first class condition. The cartouche has a small engraving which can be seen on the 8th image. It stands 107mm tall at highest point of handle and the rim measures 93mm across. DATE 1864 MAKER or SPONSOR MARK Martin, Hall & Co (Richard Martin & Ebenezer Hall) ASSAY OFFICE Sheffield WEIGHT (Grammes) 191.8 WEIGHT (Troy) 6.16 REF:- 261W Check out my other items! Additional Information Founded in 2006, Dart Silver Ltd has many years of experience in the antique silver sector, and provides a large selection of silverware to clients throughout the world. The company is based in Grangemouth near Falkirk in Scotland,UK. Dart Silver Ltd are one of Scotland's leading online antique silver specialists with regular customers from all over the world. There is always a good selection of Scottish Provincial silver as well as a varied selection of goods from antique to modern, with prices from a few pounds to a little bit more. Dart Silver Ltd has an expanding customer base, located throughout the world, including many regular and loyal customers. The company is managed by Colin Stoddart who has been working in the Antiques trade for many years. Colin is keen and passionate about all aspects of silver so you're always assured of a friendly and professional approach 01324 217855 enquires@dartsilverltd.co.uk

Condition: Please scroll down for item description., Composition: Solid Silver, Maker: Martin, Hall & Co, Product: Cup, Age: 1850-1899, Date: 1864, Assay Office: Sheffield, Total Weight: 191.8 grammes					

 See More


PicClick Insights PicClick Exclusive

  Popularity - 9 Views, Good amount of views. 0 Sold, 1 Available.  More




×
PicClick Insights - Popularity


9 Views, Good amount of views. 0 Sold, 1 Available. 


Close




  Price - 




×
PicClick Insights - Price



Close




  Seller - Over 5,660 items sold. 0% negative feedback. Top-Rated Plus! Top-Rated Seller, 30-day return policy, ships in 1 business day with tracking.  More




×
PicClick Insights - Seller


Over 5,660 items sold. 0% negative feedback. Top-Rated Plus! Top-Rated Seller, 30-day return policy, ships in 1 business day with tracking. 
Recent Feedback


Close






 People Also Loved PicClick Exclusive

50


































































Antiques - PicClick

























Like us on Facebook





Home
Antiques 

Home
└ Antiques
└ Art
└ Baby
└ Books
└ Business & Industrial
└ Cameras & Photo
└ Cell Phones & Accessories
└ Clothing, Shoes & Accessories
└ Coins & Paper Money
└ Collectibles
└ Computers/Tablets & Networking
└ Consumer Electronics
└ Crafts
└ Dolls & Bears
└ DVDs & Movies
└ Entertainment Memorabilia
└ Everything Else
└ Gift Cards & Coupons
└ Health & Beauty
└ Home & Garden
└ Jewelry & Watches
└ Music
└ Musical Instruments & Gear
└ Pet Supplies
└ Pottery & Glass
└ Real Estate
└ Specialty Services
└ Sporting Goods
└ Sports Mem, Cards & Fan Shop
└ Stamps
└ Tickets & Experiences
└ Toys & Hobbies
└ Travel
└ Video Games & Consoles


Antiquities
Architectural & Garden
Asian Antiques
Decorative Arts
Ethnographic
Furniture
Home & Hearth
Incunabula
Linens & Textiles (Pre-1930)
Manuscripts
Maps, Atlases & Globes
Maritime
Mercantile, Trades & Factories
Musical Instruments (Pre-1930)
Other Antiques
Periods & Styles
Primitives
Reproduction Antiques
Restoration & Care
Rugs & Carpets
Science & Medicine (Pre-1930)
Sewing (Pre-1930)
Silver

100



All Listings 

All Listings
Buy It Now
Auction

Condition 

 New
 Used
 Not Specified



Price 




								-
								






Item Location 

 Default

 US
 North America
 Worldwide



Ships to Country 






Need help? ▸ Country Code List



Show only
 Completed
 Completed Sold
 Completed Unsold
 Free Shipping
 Returns Accepted
 Top-Rated Sellers



Best Match 

Best Match
Newly Listed
Ending Soon
Price Lowest
Price Highest

Most Bids
Most Watched






Fine Old Antique Chinese Blue White Porcelain Plate Tea Wine Scholar Art Figures$49.99 0 Bids 32mSee ItAntique Sterling Silver spoon RING s 6 3/4 ALEXANDRA Jewelry #5536$32.00 0 Bids 3mSee ItSet of 4 Vintage Porcelain White Wheels Castors Antique Dressers Furniture$9.99 0 Bids 23hSee ItBrass Bronze Antique Vintage ART DECO Figural Nude Woman Silhouette Table Lamp $95.00 0 Bids 1hSee ItAntique Vintage Set 4 Victorian Pierced Cast Brass Drawer Handle Pulls Hardware$15.75 2 Bids 9mSee It* Vintage Lot Of 6 Victorian Porcelain Hand Painted Portraits Unframed * $19.99 0 Bids 2hSee ItSuperb C 1930 Armenian Antique Persian Exquisite Hand Made Rug 4' 8" x 10' 4"$207.50 21 Bids 20mSee ItANTIQUE Vintage WOOD EGG CRATE FEED box Dixie Feeds Old Original Great Paint$69.99 0 Bids 1mSee ItSigned Chinese Porcelain Snuff Bottle w/ Raised Character Scenes Children Old$49.95 0 Bids <1mSee ItAntique/Vintage British Sterling Silver Creamer and Sugar set$79.00 0 Bids 56mSee It44 Piece Lot of Vintage & Antique Silver Plate Silverware Flatware Victorian Era$15.00 1 Bid 1hSee ItAntique 19th C Victorian Hanging Oil Parlor Lamp W/ Hand Painted Shade NR$70.00 15 Bids 36mSee ItLARGE LOT OF Antique Vintage Porcelain Drawer Pulls/Cabinet Knobs  lot 6$9.00 0 Bids 1hSee ItFine Chinese Monochrome Porcelain Vase Marked Hengfeng Tang Rare X8388 $30.00 7 Bids 1hSee ItGorham Sterling Silver Antique Baby Cup 2 1/4" Named Etched 74 Grams $40.00 0 Bids 18mSee ItVintage 31 X 6 1/2 Mid Century Modern Ceramic & Wood Table Lamp$34.57 0 Bids 2hSee ItMint C 1930 Antique Persian Nahavand Exquisite Hand Made Rug 4' 6" x 6' 8"$165.50 24 Bids 32mSee ItAntique Vintage ART DECO Porcelain Figural Lamp & Small Jade Green Globe Shade $95.00 0 Bids 1hSee It19th Century Chinese Blue and White Jar$89.00 0 Bids 35mSee ItSTERLING SILVER CURVED HANDLE BABY SPOON - BY WEBSTER Vintage .925 $10.00 1 Bid 9mSee ItAntique 19th century Americana Primitive Folk Wood Inlay Writing Box w/ Stars$40.00 0 Bids 30mSee ItLot of 11 Old Door Knobs Brown Black White Antique Door Knobs Vintage Hardware$16.50 4 Bids 1hSee ItFine Old Chinese Blue And White Porcelain Pot Rare Q9229 $9.99 1 Bid 48mSee ItSterling Silver Turquoise Demitasse Spoon 3 3/4" $18.00 0 Bids 18mSee ItAntique Victorian Art Nouveau Hand Painted Porcelain Vase Lamp$39.00 0 Bids 2hSee ItAntique 19th Century Chinese Rose Medallion Porcelain Plate, 9 3/4"$30.00 1 Bid 53mSee ItVintage Set Of 4 Rogers And Bro A1 Silver plate Spoons$5.00 0 Bids 15hSee ItSuperb C 1930 Antique Persian Lenkoran Exquisite Hand Made Rug 4' 9" x 10' 2"$224.50 13 Bids 12mSee ItEx Large Vase Hand Painted Japan Blue Flowers Gold Moriage Trim Antique $12.99 0 Bids 12mSee ItVintage Alvin Sterling Silver Spoon Pretty Cut Out Scroll Pattern Monogrammed $10.50 2 Bids 14mSee ItAntique Victorian Hand Painted Gone With The Wind Shade Nr$8.50 3 Bids 51mSee ItPair of Primitive Antique Hand Carved Wood Drawer Pulls BEAUTIFUL! $14.99 1 Bid 15hSee ItPair (2) Antique Early 20thC Chinese Blue & White Porcelain Footed Planter Pots $14.50 3 Bids 43mSee ItFine Chinese Crackle Porcelain Vase Marked Rare W9912 $24.50 2 Bids 51mSee ItVintage Towle Old Master Sterling Silver Tablespoon Or Serving$26.50 7 Bids 49mSee ItAntique Chinese Porcelain Rose Medallion Ruffle Rim Swirl 8 1/2" 19th Century$32.50 0 Bids or Buy It Now 40mSee ItC 1930 Antique Persian Serapi Heriz Hand Made Exquisite Rug 3' 9" x 9' 11"$197.00 31 Bids 17mSee ItVintage Chinese Hand-Carved He Tian Jade Vase$1,500.00 or Best Offer 29dSee ItAntique porcelain figurine Boy with Flower Early 19th Century$9.99 1 Bid 34mSee ItAntique Chinese natural Carved Stone Statue "Estate Find"$54.00 13 Bids 1hSee ItVintage Sterling Silver Hexagonal Trinket Box W/ Art Deco Details$39.99 0 Bids 23hSee ItLARGE LOT OF Antique Vintage Porcelain Drawer Pulls/Cabinet Knobs  lot 1$9.00 1 Bid 1hSee ItAntique 19th Century Miniature Pantry Box In Original Blue Paint$78.00 4 Bids 1hSee ItFine Chinese Monochrome Porcelain Vase Rare W9347 $19.50 2 Bids 46mSee ItSet of 8 Chinese Blue and White Porcelain Dishes$98.00 or Best Offer 28dSee ItPair of Antique Chinese Carved Reticulated White Jade Table Screens$749.99 or Best Offer 27dSee ItAntique Old Webster Sterling Silver Baby / Child's Fork $7.99 1 Bid 1hSee ItAntique Pair of Carved Wooden Storage Book Boxes$40.00 0 Bids 8mSee ItSuperb Chinese Famille Rose Porcelain Vase Marked Qianlong Rare V8912 $30.00 8 Bids 30mSee ItFine Large Chinese Polychrome Porcelain Vase Marked Kangxi Rare F9399 $112.50 8 Bids 1hSee ItBeautiful set of 4 Vtg antique cast iron Art Deco wall sconce light fixtures$125.00 0 Bids or Buy It Now 10mSee ItC 1940 Armenian Borchelo Antique Persian Exquisite Hand Made Rug 3' 4" x 9' 7"$142.50 21 Bids 28mSee ItAntique Estate Watson Sterling Silver White Enamel Demitasse Spoon Vintage 925$9.99 0 Bids 23hSee ItVintage Antique SilverPlate Silverware Lot Fork Knives Spoons Soin Silver Rogers $20.50 9 Bids 2hSee ItVintage Hand Painted Gone With The Wind Lamp Base Nr$0.99 1 Bid 48mSee ItAntique Chinese Hand Painted Flying Cranes 12" Porcelain Plate Charger Signed$85.00 0 Bids 2hSee ItAntique Chinese Porcelain Temple Altar Fruit Buddha's Hand  Lot #2$1.00 1 Bid 2hSee ItVery Fine Chinese Blue And White Porcelain Vase Marked Qianlong Rare N9993 $85.00 22 Bids 1hSee ItVintage Sterling Silver/Coin Silver Spoon 4" Hat and Tumbler 4.8 Standard Ounces$24.00 1 Bid 32mSee ItFine Old Antique Chinese Porcelain Fish Plate Blue White Koi Scholar Art NR$9.99 0 Bids 1hSee ItLot Of 4 Antique Glass Handles And 3 Glass Knobs/pulls$14.99 0 Bids 5hSee ItAntique/vintage crock jar with cover,handles and floral painting$38.00 0 Bids 5mSee ItPrimitive Antique Vintage Blue Rag Rug Balls *Set of 3$5.99 0 Bids or Buy It Now 1hSee ItVintage Antique Japanese Spoons Forks Prongs STERLING SILVER Set Lot Bamboo Box$44.99 Buy It Now 20dSee ItFine Chinese Famille Rose Porcelain Vase Marked Qianlong Rare N6371 $85.00 12 Bids 28mSee ItAntique CHINESE CELEDON & COBALT BLUE BALUSTER VASE T'UNG CHIH Foo Dog Handles$99.99 0 Bids or Buy It Now 2mSee ItAntique Silver VERMEIL Chinese Carved Pierced WHITE JADE CLOISONNE Brooch Pin$350.00 Buy It Now 27dSee ItChinese Old Porcelain Hand Painting General Hug Belle Statue Snuff Bottle $16.24 10 Bids 3mSee ItSuperb C 1920 Persian Serapi Heriz Hand Made Exquisite Stunning Antique Rug S$272.00 58 Bids 23mSee ItAntique Estate Lunt Sterling Silver Monticello Pattern Spoon Flatware Vintage$9.99 0 Bids 22hSee ItAntique Vintage Chandelier Bronze Porcelain Italy White Gold Crystals 6 Arm$60.00 0 Bids 21hSee ItBeautiful Antique Vintage Signed Iridescent Aqua Art Glass Vase With Pontil Mark$19.99 0 Bids 1dSee ItMagnificent Chinese Blue And White Porcelain Vase Rare S9037 $146.50 9 Bids 1hSee ItChinese Antique Porcelain Bowl 2 1/4 (H) 2 Pieces Lot$30.00 6 Bids 3hSee ItFine Large Chinese Monochrome Porcelain Vase Marked Wang Bingrong Rare G9901 $15.50 5 Bids 1hSee ItLot Of 2 Sterling Silver Mustard Salt Spoons With Face$15.00 0 Bids 17hSee ItFine Chinese Monochrome Porcelain Vase Marked Yongzheng Rare T5121 $60.00 7 Bids 29mSee ItPetite Old Cupid Puti Decorated Cased Antique Art Glass Vase $20.00 0 Bids 23mSee ItVery Fine Chinese Famille Rose Porcelain Vase Marked Yongzheng Rare Y7812 $75.00 21 Bids 32mSee ItAntique Chinese Porcelain Temple Altar Fruit Buddha's Hand Pomegranate  Lot #3$1.00 1 Bid 2hSee ItVintage - A Pair Of Brass Shutter Handles ( Fish Shape )$5.99 0 Bids 24mSee ItAntique Chinese Art Deco Rug Size 2'3''x4'2''$775.00 or Best Offer 28dSee It2 Towle Old Master Sterling Silver Pierced Salad Forks$20.50 2 Bids 56mSee ItVintage Set Of Rogers Bros. Silver Plate Silverware With Box$89.95 or Best Offer 18dSee ItRare Pair Of Antique Primitive Handmade Tobacco Cutters, Hatchets, Axes$14.99 0 Bids or Buy It Now 5mSee ItGermany Antique Hand Painted  S Demitasse Trembleuse Porcelain Gold Blue Floral$19.90 0 Bids 1dSee ItVintage Antique Style Large 6"  Heavy Glass Magnifying Desktop Lens Silver frame $40.00 0 Bids 2hSee It2 Antique Sterling Silver Oval Picture Frame 5 1/4-1/2" x 3 1/2 / 4 1/4" wide $40.00 0 Bids 17mSee ItExquisite Chinese Polychrome Porcelain Vase Marked Qianlong Rare N7833 $27.00 3 Bids 35mSee ItFine Large Chinese Wucai Porcelain Vase Marked Kangxi Rare X8963 $66.00 14 Bids 1hSee ItOld Vintage Antique PAIR ORNATE ZINC CORBELS w Flowers Acanthus Leaf$125.00 0 Bids 1hSee ItAntique Chinese Jade Table Screen 19th Century - Republic Boy Riding Ox$175.00 0 Bids 2hSee ItSalt Spoon Sterling Silver ( 2 Rabbit Set of 2 )$29.99 0 Bids 33mSee ItAntique Porcelain Large Spill Vase Hand Painted Richard Briggs C. Ahrenfeldt$39.00 0 Bids 2hSee ItLot of 5 Vintage/Antique Hand Whisk Brooms$14.99 0 Bids 1dSee ItPair Of Matching Antique 1920's Chinese Art Deco Rugs 2X4$265.00 Buy It Now 6dSee ItUnusual Antique or Vintage Chinese Porcelain Vase Elephant Handles Hand Painted$9.99 0 Bids 1dSee ItUnique Chinese Polychrome Porcelain Vase In Form Of Tang Custom Rare M9233 $9.99 1 Bid 1hSee ItVintage 1940s Sterling Silver ~ Toothpick ~ Cigarette Holder ~ Sugar Cup$20.00 0 Bids 56mSee ItAntique Chinese Porcelain Rose Medallion Plate 7 1/2" 1915 - 1930's$20.00 0 Bids or Buy It Now 1hSee It































Silver, Antiques - PicClick

























Like us on Facebook





Antiques
Silver 

Home
└ Antiques
    └ Antiquities
    └ Architectural & Garden
    └ Asian Antiques
    └ Decorative Arts
    └ Ethnographic
    └ Furniture
    └ Home & Hearth
    └ Incunabula
    └ Linens & Textiles (Pre-1930)
    └ Manuscripts
    └ Maps, Atlases & Globes
    └ Maritime
    └ Mercantile, Trades & Factories
    └ Musical Instruments (Pre-1930)
    └ Other Antiques
    └ Periods & Styles
    └ Primitives
    └ Reproduction Antiques
    └ Restoration & Care
    └ Rugs & Carpets
    └ Science & Medicine (Pre-1930)
    └ Sewing (Pre-1930)
    └ Silver


Coin Silver (.900)
Non-U.S. Silver
Price Guides & Publications
Silver Alloys (.800-.899)
Silverplate
Sterling Silver (.925)
Unknown

100



All Listings 

All Listings
Buy It Now
Auction

Type 

 Basket
 Bottle
 Bowl
 Box
 Brush
 Butter Knife
 Candelabra
 Candlestick
 Cheese Knife
 Cigarette Case
 Coaster
 Creamer
 Cup
 Decanter
 Flatware - Sets
 Fork
 Fruit Knife
 Goblet
 Grooming Set
 Knife
 Ladle
 Miniature
 Mixed Lot
 Napkin Ring/Clip
 Pitcher
 Plate
 Platter
 Salt & Pepper Shakers
 Salt Cellar
 Serving Pieces
 Souvenir Spoon
 Spoon
 Sugar Bowl
 Sugar Tongs
 Tea/Coffee Pot
 Tray
 Urn
 Vase
 Vesta Case



Composition 

 Coin Silver
 Silver Alloy
 Silverplate
 Sterling Silver



Brand 

 1847 Rogers Bros
 1881 Rogers
 A. Michelsen
 Albert Coles & Co.
 Allan Adler
 Alvin
 American Silver
 Amston Silver
 Baker-Manchester
 Birks
 Buccellati
 Cartier
 Century Sterling
 Christofle
 Dominick & Haff
 Durgin
 Easterling
 Frank M. Whiting
 Georg Jensen
 Gorham
 Gorham, Whiting
 Holmes & Edwards
 International Silver
 Kirk
 Kirk Stieff
 Lunt
 Manchester
 Meriden Britannia
 Mixed Lots
 Mount Vernon
 National
 Nobility Plate
 ONEIDA
 Oneida/Wm.A.Rogers
 Oneida Community
 Porter Blanchard
 R. Blackinton
 Reed & Barton
 Rogers & Hamilton
 Royal Crest
 Sheffield
 Shreve & Co.
 Stieff
 Tiffany & Co.
 Towle
 Tuttle
 Unbranded
 Unger
 Wallace
 Watson
 Webster
 Westmorland
 Whiting Manufacturing Company
 Wm. A Rogers
 Wm. Rogers & Son
 WMF



Age 

 Pre-1800
 1800-1849
 1850-1899
 1900-1940
 Post-1940
 Unknown



Condition 

 New
 Used
 Not Specified



Price 




								-
								






Item Location 

 Default

 US
 North America
 Worldwide



Ships to Country 






Need help? ▸ Country Code List



Show only
 Completed
 Completed Sold
 Completed Unsold
 Free Shipping
 Returns Accepted
 Top-Rated Sellers



Best Match 

Best Match
Newly Listed
Ending Soon
Price Lowest
Price Highest

Most Bids
Most Watched






Antique Sterling Silver spoon RING s 6 3/4 ALEXANDRA Jewelry #5536$32.00 0 Bids 3mSee ItEasterling Sterling Silver AMERICAN CLASSIC Serving Spoon 8 3/8" No Mono$45.00 0 Bids <1mSee ItVintage Marked Crown &"srs" Silver Plate Tea Coffee Cream Sugar Serving Tray Set$49.95 0 Bids 12mSee ItVintage Alvin Sterling Silver Spoon Pretty Cut Out Scroll Pattern Monogrammed $10.50 2 Bids 14mSee It5 Place settings for 4 ROYAL WINDSOR pattern Towle - STERLING Flatware 22 pcs$329.99 0 Bids <1mSee ItAntique German Solid Silver Gilded Snuff Pill Box 800 With Amethyst$35.00 1 Bid 28mSee It12 Gorham Chantilly  Sterling Silver Iced Tea Spoons  NO RESERVE$207.50 34 Bids 1hSee ItVintage Webster Co.  Sterling Silver  Pierced Oval Nut Dish Bowls Set Of 2$25.99 0 Bids or Buy It Now 3hSee ItInternational 1847 Rogers Bros Silverplate Eternally Yours 52 Pc Grille Set, S/8$100.00 0 Bids or Buy It Now <1mSee ItEastwood Park Sterling Silver Set of 6 Salt Spoons 2 1/8" No Mono $30.00 1 Bid 14mSee ItInternational Sterling Silver Tea Coffee 5-Piece Set  C 370 C "Lord Saybrook"$1,395.95 0 Bids 2hSee ItSTERLING SILVER CURVED HANDLE BABY SPOON - BY WEBSTER Vintage .925 $10.00 0 Bids 9mSee ItGorham Sterling Silver Antique Baby Cup 2 1/4" Named Etched 74 Grams $40.00 0 Bids 18mSee ItInternational sterling silver handled Orchid 6 3/8" Cheese Server Knife$29.95 0 Bids 6mSee ItSterling Silver Turquoise Demitasse Spoon 3 3/4" $18.00 0 Bids 18mSee ItVintage Silver Plate Flatware - 40 Silverplate Spoon Lot Spoons Silverware$35.00 or Best Offer 6dSee ItUnger Bros Antique Art Noveau 3 Piece Demitasse Set in Sterling Silver$1,495.95 or Best Offer 29dSee ItVintage Pittsburgh Court House Sterling Silver .925 Souvenir Spoon $10.00 0 Bids 23mSee ItEarly 20th Century Gorham Ornate Sterling Silver 5 Piece Tea Set Monogrammed$1,995.00 Buy It Now 29dSee ItFOUR VINTAGE DINNER/LUNCHEN FORKS - CHATEAU ROSE BY ALVIN STERLING  7 1/4 inch$73.25 17 Bids 9mSee ItInternational Silver Baby Starter Set Plated Vintage Victorian Rose$10.00 1 Bid 13mSee ItESTATE 1925 SHEFFIELD COOPER BROS. & SONS STERLING DEMITASSE SPOON SET of 6 $65.00 0 Bids 12mSee ItGorham sterling silver tray Chippendale pattern; 9 3/4 inches$299.00 0 Bids or Buy It Now 53mSee ItVintage Sterling Silver Baby Flatware Lot Gorham, International Prelude 74 Grams$65.00 Buy It Now 2dSee ItSet Of 6 Vintage English Solid Sterling Silver KNIFE RESTS$395.00 or Best Offer 15dSee ItVintage Towle Old Master Sterling Silver Tablespoon Or Serving$26.50 7 Bids 49mSee ItMt. Vernon Knowles Clinton sterling silver 8 1/4" Crescent Berry Scoop Shovel$124.95 0 Bids 6mSee ItVintage 5 HC PITZ Silver  Forks Rogers and 6 unmarked knives$9.99 0 Bids 1hSee ItInternational Sterling silver SPRING GLORY 2 large serving spoons & serving fork $129.99 0 Bids 23hSee ItVintage Sterling Silver Set of 6 Crest Silver Co. Coasters / Amazing Find!$105.00 0 Bids 23hSee ItVintage(1983)  Reed & Barton Sterling Silver Baby Spoon-NIP$20.00 1 Bid 1hSee It4 Vintage Gorham Chantilly Sterling Silver Dinner Forks - 7 1/2" - 228.5 grams $149.95 0 Bids 2hSee ItVintage 100 piece lot silverplate flatware teaspoons for use or crafts$110.00 0 Bids 8mSee ItGorham 1913 Etruscan Sterling Silver 7 Pc Butter Knife 6 Spoons$150.00 Buy It Now 1dSee ItEasterling American Classic Sterling Silver Dinner Fork 1944 Set of 2$30.00 0 Bids 17hSee ItSterling Silver Gorham Flowers with Swags Tazza Bowl Serving Dish$110.00 0 Bids 1dSee ItAntique Gorham Lancaster Sterling Silver Serving Fork No Reserve$12.00 1 Bid 2hSee ItVintage Antique SilverPlate Silverware Lot Fork Knives Spoons Soin Silver Rogers $20.50 9 Bids 2hSee ItAntique Estate Lunt Sterling Silver Monticello Pattern Spoon Flatware Vintage$9.99 0 Bids 22hSee ItGorham H171 Sterling Silver Wishbone Shaped Sugar Tongs $14.50 7 Bids 16mSee ItRare Set Of 12 Vintage Chinese Korean Sterling Silver & Enamel Coffee~Tea Spoon$285.00 or Best Offer 13dSee It2 Towle Old Master Sterling Silver Pierced Salad Forks$20.50 2 Bids 56mSee ItInternational Sterling Silver Queens Lace Tea Set - Creamer, Sugar & Coffee Pot $895.00 or Best Offer 28dSee It61 PIECE SET OF LUNT MODERN VICTORIAN STERLING SILVER FLATWARE  With Case$1,495.00 or Best Offer 19hSee It44 Piece Lot of Vintage & Antique Silver Plate Silverware Flatware Victorian Era$15.00 1 Bid 1hSee ItGorham Sterling Silver Greenbrier Set of 4 Knives$44.99 0 Bids 2hSee ItGorham Sterling Silver English Gadroon set of 4 Knives$44.99 0 Bids 2hSee ItVintage Sterling Silver/Coin Silver Spoon 4" Hat and Tumbler 4.8 Standard Ounces$24.00 1 Bid 32mSee ItWestmorland Lady Hilton Sterling Silver Flatware Set 24 Piece Service for 6$400.00 2 Bids 1hSee ItTwo (2) Easterling Sterling Silver AMERICAN CLASSIC Knives No Mono New French$36.00 0 Bids 7mSee ItGorham Silver Soldered 5 piece Tea Set$200.00 0 Bids 28mSee ItAntique Alvin Sterling Silver Pickle Hors D'Oeuvres Seafood Forks Pair Apollo$20.00 0 Bids 31mSee ItGorham Versailles Sterling Silver Tea Spoons Set of 12$549.00 or Best Offer 29dSee ItAntique English Solid Silver Gilded Snuff Pill Box England$46.00 4 Bids 30mSee ItAllan Adler Sterling Silver Sugar Spoon/Nut Spoon 5 1/4" $34.99 or Best Offer 29dSee ItVintage Set Of 4 Rogers And Bro A1 Silver plate Spoons$5.00 0 Bids 15hSee ItGorham Sterling Silver Celeste set of 4 Knives$32.99 0 Bids 2hSee ItAntique Solid Sterling Silver Cocktail Forks Set Of 12 Different Figures$45.00 0 Bids 3hSee ItReed & Barton Sterling Silver x530 vintage 9.25" Dish Bowl$51.00 4 Bids 17hSee ItSet Of 4 Vintage Sterling Silver Spoons.$49.99 0 Bids 1dSee ItVintage 44 Pc Set Luxor Silver Plate Flatware Art Deco Style Wallace Serving Set$52.45 0 Bids 35mSee ItKirk Steiff sterling silver plated champagne flutes$4.99 0 Bids 1mSee ItGorham Melrose Pattern Flatware -  Sterling Silver Serving Pieces Spoon & Forks $99.99 Buy It Now 29dSee ItVintage Sterling Silver 1863 Gettysburg Pa  Souvenir Spoon$7.99 0 Bids 35mSee ItAntique Old Webster Sterling Silver Baby / Child's Fork $7.99 1 Bid 1hSee ItReed & Barton Silver Plated Coffee Pot Teapot Sugar Bowl Creamer Set 7030 $129.99 Buy It Now 28dSee ItGorham Sterling Silver Lily of the Valley set of 4 Knives$44.99 0 Bids 2hSee ItLot Of 2 Sterling Silver Mustard Salt Spoons With Face$15.00 0 Bids 17hSee ItVintage Set Of 4 Russian 875 Silver Spoon 5 3/4"$57.99 Buy It Now 1dSee ItPierced Rose Point by Wallace Sterling Silver Fork Knife Spoon Flatware$62.00 10 Bids 2hSee It6 Piece Wallace Grande Baroque Sterling Silver Tea Set W Silver Plate Tray$3,299.00 Buy It Now 23dSee ItRare Set 6 Antique Gorham Louis Xiv Sterling Silver Tarrapin Forks,5 7/8"$990.00 Buy It Now 8dSee ItVintage Ornate English Silver Manufactuing Co. 13" Pedastal Cake Serving Tray $10.99 0 Bids or Buy It Now 16mSee ItLot Of 6 Reed & Barton Sterling Silver Bouillon Soup Spoons - Les Cinq Fleurs$150.00 0 Bids 21hSee ItGorham Sterling Silver Sovereign aka Hispana Set of 4 Knives$54.99 0 Bids 2hSee ItAntique French PUIFORCAT Sterling Silver Tea / Coffee Cup & Saucer, Gilt Vermeil$281.25 Buy It Now 29dSee ItGorham Tiffany Medallion Sterling Silver Terrapin Fork 1864$149.99 0 Bids 1hSee ItAntique Estate Watson Sterling Silver White Enamel Demitasse Spoon Vintage 925$9.99 0 Bids 23hSee ItVintage Leonard Silver Plate 4 Piece Coffee Set 5002 Pot Creamer Sugar Tray Box $39.95 or Best Offer 29dSee ItInfant Spoon & Fork Set 950 Sterling Silver Japanese Circa 1950's Original box$29.99 0 Bids 1dSee ItA Large Hand Made Sterling Silver Bowl By Kalo Chicago$155.00 0 Bids 3hSee ItGorham Sterling Silver Buttercupr set of 4 Knives$44.99 0 Bids 2hSee ItWALLACE BERAIN PATTERN 1907 Sterling Silver LOT OF 6 TABLE SPOON TABLESPOONS$169.99 Buy It Now 28dSee ItLEGACY SILVERPLATED FORKS, 1847 Rogers Bros, Lot of 6 Initialed$4.95 0 Bids 17mSee ItGorham Sterling Silver Camellia 36pc 4 place Serving Set Silverware Forks ' $274.99 1 Bid 4dSee ItAntique Set 6 Sterling And Enamel Demi Spoons Th. Marthinsen Norway$50.00 Buy It Now 27dSee ItSterling Silver P. L. KRiDER 8 1/2" Serving Spoon$35.00 0 Bids 3dSee ItLot of 28  Silver Plate Flatware Forks Spoons Knives Vintage$4.99 0 Bids 17hSee ItTiffany & Co Sterling Silver San Lorenzo Tablespoon Serving Spoon, 8 3/8" $180.00 or Best Offer 29dSee ItBirks Sterling Silver Laurentian Set of 4 Knives$34.99 0 Bids 2hSee ItSalt Lake City Antique Wallace & Co. Sterling Silver Souvenir Spoon$12.00 0 Bids 27mSee ItTowle Old English Sterling Silver  Antique Serving Spoon 1896$39.95 0 Bids 2hSee ItVintage Sterling Souvenir Spoon Coat Of Arms, English Hallmarks$9.99 0 Bids 33mSee ItAntique Estate Alvin Sterling Silver Maryland Pattern Spoon Flatware Vintage 925$9.99 0 Bids 21hSee ItSet of Six Sterling Silver Tiffany & Co. Demitaisse Spoons 1892 Monogrammed$99.98 0 Bids 1dSee ItAntique Cuevee ORNATE SILVER SUGAR SPOON Silver Warranted$5.99 0 Bids 36mSee ItGorham Sterling Silver Melrose set of 4 Knives$52.99 0 Bids 2hSee ItVintage Webster Amcraft Sterling Silver Tea Pot Tea Ball Strainer And Tray$149.99 0 Bids 57mSee ItAntique W.K. Vanderslice Co. Sterling Silver & Mother of Pearl 4 Slicing Knives$25.00 0 Bids 19hSee ItREED & BARTON Chippendale Plate & William Rogers 6 Piece Tea Set Silverplate$99.99 0 Bids 10hSee It































PicClick • Search eBay Faster. Find it first!

































Like us on Facebook





eBay Motors
Antiques
Art
Baby
Books
Business & Industrial
Cameras & Photo
Cell Phones & Accessories
Clothing, Shoes & Accessories
Coins & Paper Money
Collectibles
Computers/Tablets & Networking
Consumer Electronics
Crafts
Dolls & Bears
DVDs & Movies
Entertainment Memorabilia
Everything Else
Gift Cards & Coupons
Health & Beauty
Home & Garden
Jewelry & Watches
Music
Musical Instruments & Gear
Pet Supplies
Pottery & Glass
Real Estate
Specialty Services
Sporting Goods
Sports Mem, Cards & Fan Shop
Stamps
Tickets & Experiences
Toys & Hobbies
Travel
Video Games & Consoles







PicClick · Search eBay Faster
Find it first!






What Makes PicClick Great?






Proprietary DataSee What Others Don't

PicClick Insights for Price, Popularity, & Seller
More Similar Items 50+ alternatives per item
View Count know item popularity before bidding
Sort by Most Watched see what's most popular
Time Left on list view quickly see remaining time

 Learn More







Valuable FeaturesSee More in Less Time

HD/Retina images to see fine details at a glance
Zoom Slider set thumbnails any size you like it
Full-Screen fill your entire screen with items
Infinite Scroll scan endless pages of items
Horizontal Scroll Gallery view item images faster

 Learn More







Engaging ExperienceBuilt with Your Feedback

News Feed your Saved Searches shown visually

Contact Seller directly ask questions to sellers
3x faster page load times compared with eBay
International easily search across 12 countries
No annoying banner ads taking up space

 Learn More









Our Users Love Us314,438,525 happy visitors since 2008


PicClick is an elegant and simple tool that is more enjoyable to use than the built-in search tools on eBay...



I love eBay, but what I don't love is the crazy amount of scrolling I have to do. Sometimes my searches yield over 20 pages — ugh! If you share my pain, there's a cool solution: PicClick.com. It's super simple, just type in your search terms per usual and start browsing this more user-friendly eBay.



...you can see ALL of the results on one page. It is fast, easy, and totally addicting!



Aside from being visually compelling, PicClick is fast. It manages to return relevant results exceedingly quickly. Plus, flying through hundreds of entries seems a great deal easier without having extemporaneous information cluttering the page.



Outstanding idea. This search program lets you sift through a great number listings quickly, filtered and sorted your way. It provides enough information to decided to click through or not. Best of all it is an endless page, it just keeps adding listings as you go!! I was able to view literally 100's so quickly.


 See More Testimonials






























PicClick • Search eBay Faster. Find it first!

































Like us on Facebook





eBay Motors
Antiques
Art
Baby
Books
Business & Industrial
Cameras & Photo
Cell Phones & Accessories
Clothing, Shoes & Accessories
Coins & Paper Money
Collectibles
Computers/Tablets & Networking
Consumer Electronics
Crafts
Dolls & Bears
DVDs & Movies
Entertainment Memorabilia
Everything Else
Gift Cards & Coupons
Health & Beauty
Home & Garden
Jewelry & Watches
Music
Musical Instruments & Gear
Pet Supplies
Pottery & Glass
Real Estate
Specialty Services
Sporting Goods
Sports Mem, Cards & Fan Shop
Stamps
Tickets & Experiences
Toys & Hobbies
Travel
Video Games & Consoles







PicClick · Search eBay Faster
Find it first!






What Makes PicClick Great?






Proprietary DataSee What Others Don't

PicClick Insights for Price, Popularity, & Seller
More Similar Items 50+ alternatives per item
View Count know item popularity before bidding
Sort by Most Watched see what's most popular
Time Left on list view quickly see remaining time

 Learn More







Valuable FeaturesSee More in Less Time

HD/Retina images to see fine details at a glance
Zoom Slider set thumbnails any size you like it
Full-Screen fill your entire screen with items
Infinite Scroll scan endless pages of items
Horizontal Scroll Gallery view item images faster

 Learn More







Engaging ExperienceBuilt with Your Feedback

News Feed your Saved Searches shown visually

Contact Seller directly ask questions to sellers
3x faster page load times compared with eBay
International easily search across 12 countries
No annoying banner ads taking up space

 Learn More









Our Users Love Us314,438,525 happy visitors since 2008


PicClick is an elegant and simple tool that is more enjoyable to use than the built-in search tools on eBay...



I love eBay, but what I don't love is the crazy amount of scrolling I have to do. Sometimes my searches yield over 20 pages — ugh! If you share my pain, there's a cool solution: PicClick.com. It's super simple, just type in your search terms per usual and start browsing this more user-friendly eBay.



...you can see ALL of the results on one page. It is fast, easy, and totally addicting!



Aside from being visually compelling, PicClick is fast. It manages to return relevant results exceedingly quickly. Plus, flying through hundreds of entries seems a great deal easier without having extemporaneous information cluttering the page.



Outstanding idea. This search program lets you sift through a great number listings quickly, filtered and sorted your way. It provides enough information to decided to click through or not. Best of all it is an endless page, it just keeps adding listings as you go!! I was able to view literally 100's so quickly.


 See More Testimonials









Martin Hall Co Martinoid Silver Plated Tea Pot 1800s | eBay




Please enable JavaScript 
Our new search experience requires JavaScript to be enabled. Please enable JavaScript on your browser, then try again.





 Skip to main contenteBayShop by categoryShop by categoryEnter your search keywordAll CategoriesAntiquesArtBabyBooksBusiness & IndustrialCameras & PhotoCell Phones & AccessoriesClothing, Shoes & AccessoriesCoins & Paper MoneyCollectiblesComputers/Tablets & NetworkingConsumer ElectronicsCraftsDolls & BearsDVDs & MovieseBay MotorsEntertainment MemorabiliaGift Cards & CouponsHealth & BeautyHome & GardenJewelry & WatchesMusicMusical Instruments & GearPet SuppliesPottery & GlassReal EstateSpecialty ServicesSporting GoodsSports Mem, Cards & Fan ShopStampsTickets & ExperiencesToys & HobbiesTravelVideo Games & ConsolesEverything ElseAdvancedHi (Sign in to bid or buy) Daily Deals Gift Cards Help & Contact Sell My eBayExpand My eBay Summary Bids/Offers Watch list Wish list All lists Purchase history Selling My Collections Followed searches MessagesNotification   










Back to home page






Refine




Classified ads




View: LIST






Gallery view 







  Martin Hall Co Martinoid Silver Plated Tea Pot 18...: 
 





Martin Hall Co Martinoid Silver Plated Tea Pot 1800s0 results. You may also like









Items in search results








Antique Coffee Pot Silver Plated  Martin Hall & Co Martinoid 1,5 pint




					$24.68



				Buy It Now













Antique 1854 Silver-Plated Chased & Pierced Pot Pourri Urn Vase Martin Hall & Co




					$383.19



				or Best Offer













VINTAGE ART NOUVEAU SILVER PLATE TEA POT SUGAR BOWL CREAMER M H &CO MARTINOID




					$68.83



				or Best Offer













Antique Silver 4 piece Tea Coffee Service Martin Hall 1872




					$5,845.28



				Buy It Now













Antique Victorian 1886 Sterling Silver Floral Chocolate Pot Martin Hall & Co Ltd




					$844.32



				or Best Offer














Antique Silver 5 piece Tea Coffee Service & Tray Martin Hall 1874




					$8,118.44



				Buy It Now













Fine ANCIENT GREEK REVIVAL Silver Plated TEA SET c1930 MARTIN HALL & CO




					$779.37



				or Best Offer













SILVER (EP) MARTINOID 3 PIECE FOOTED TEA SET WITH FLUTED DETAIL MH&CO 1857-1897




					$36.37



				or Best Offer













Vintage Coffee Set Silver Plated 3 Pieces  Martin Hall & Co




					$34.36



				or Best Offer
















New listing
		Martin Hall & Co Sheffield 1800s England Silver Fish Carving Knife Fork Antique




					$188.00



				Buy It Now
















4 Piece Martin Hall & Co Sterling Silver Tea/Coffee Set 




					$6,900.00



				or Best Offer




Free shipping
















Martin Hall - Solid Silver Sauce Boat




					$86.28



				or Best Offer













STERLING SILVER VICTORIAN TEA SET MARTIN HALL & Co SHEFFIELD c1886




					$967.72



				or Best Offer













Antique English Silver Plate Lidded Ewer Lipped Tankard Martin Hall & Co  C1860




					$422.16



				Buy It Now
















Antique Silver & Glass Barrel Tea Caddy Sheffield 1925, Martin Hall & Co




					$128.00



				Buy It Now
















Silver-plated Coffee Tea Pot Wilcox International Silver Co. SAYBROOK MANOR 501 




					$44.99



				Buy It Now
















VINTAGE SHEFFIELD WALKER & HALL 1934 HALF PINT SILVER PLATED TEA POT    




					$8.99



				Buy It Now













Martin Hall and Co glass and silver plate preserve pot



$6.49


0 bids


















Walker & Hall Sheffield Silver Plated Tea Coffee Pot Creamer Sugar Dish Set 




					$158.07



				Buy It Now
















MARTIN HALL SHEFFIELD  SILVER PLATE FOOTED TRAY RE PLATED BY TIFFANY & CO.




					$125.01



				Buy It Now













Antique Victorian Sterling Silver Tea Tray by Martin Hall & Co




					$7,468.96



				Buy It Now




Free shipping
















Sterling Silver English Rococo Tea Caddy Spoon Martin, Hall & Co. Sheffield 1859




					$595.00



				or Best Offer




Free shipping


















Antique Silver Plated Large Fruit Bowl Swing Handle Martin Hall & Co 1854-1897




					$37.66



				or Best Offer













SILVER PLATED TUREEN DISH, MARTIN HALL & CO LTD



$19.48


0 bids




















VICTORIAN MUSTARD POT IN A SHAPE OF A DRUM PLATED BY MARTIN HALL & CO- C. 1870




					$135.00



				or Best Offer
















Vintage S F Co Silver Plated Tea / Coffee Pot




					$55.00



				or Best Offer
















Antique ROGERS, SMITH & CO Meriden Silver Plated 2036 USA Tea Pot Sugar Creamer




					$99.99



				Buy It Now













New listing
		A Very Fine Victorian Silver Coffee Pot by Martin, Hall & Co, Sheffield 1868



$1,623.69


0 bids




Free shipping

















New listing
		A LOVELY VICTORIAN SILVER PLATE TEA POT AND WATER POT BY WALKER AND HALL



$64.95


0 bids

















A Very Fine Silver Drinks/Tea Tray  by Martin Hall & Co Ltd Sheffield 1911



$2,273.16


0 bids




















Antique Victorian Sterling Silver Tea Tray by Martin Hall & Co 




					$8,165.00



				Buy It Now




Free shipping
















Vintage Poole Silver Co. Silver Plated Tea Pot #2950




					$59.50



				Buy It Now


















Edwardian silver plated Tea /Coffee Pot Patent Handle Reg No.53312A




					$97.42



				or Best Offer













Antique Silver Plated Walker & Hall Silver Plated Tea Pot Flush Hinge c-1880's 




					$22.99



				or Best Offer













VINTAGE ART DECO SHEFFIELD SILVER PLATED 3PC TEA SET - WALKER & HALL  **




					$102.62



				or Best Offer













VINTAGE MARTIN HALL & Co SILVER PLATED PEDESTAL BON BON DISH




					$46.70



				or Best Offer













Edwardian Antique Silver Plated Octagonal Tea Pot Shepheard Regent Street London




					$145.48



				or Best Offer
















c1800's Renaissance Silver Plated Figural CASTLE Rim PUTTI Finial Tea Pot Set




					$174.99



				Buy It Now




Free shipping


















Lovely Silver Plated dish Martin Hall & Co approx 4.5ins wide




					$12.98



				or Best Offer













Antique English Silver Plate Ewer Lipped Tankard  C1860 Martin Hall




					$383.19



				Buy It Now
















ST. LOUIS SILVER CO. ANTIQUE TEA POT BESSIE COLEMAN QUEEN BRAVE BESS 




					$1,109.00



				or Best Offer




Free shipping
















Old Antique Homan Co Silver Plated Coffee Tea Pot W/ Plate And Two Shakers




					$24.00



				or Best Offer













ANTIQUE VINTAGE SILVER PLATED SPURRIER & CO LONDON TEA POT DISPLAY




					$84.43



				or Best Offer













VINTAGE J & Co SILVER PLATED TEA & COFFEE POT, SUGAR BOWL, MILK/CREAM JUG SET



$38.96


0 bids




















Vtg Pan Am Airlines Silver Plated Coffee Tea Pot International Silver Co. 32oz




					$150.00



				Buy It Now













Antique Art Deco Silver Plated Tea Pot. Bakelite Handle And Top. H.F & Co S




					$162.37



				Buy It Now
















Antique ~ Tea Pot ~ Elkington & Co. ~ Silver Plated ~ Engraved




					$29.99



				or Best Offer
















VINTAGE 1940-50'S HALL CHINA CO. COBALT BLUE & GOLD "AIRFLOW" 6 CUP TEA POT 0443




					$29.98



				Buy It Now





















ANTIQUE QUADRUPLE SILVER PLATED TEA/COFFEE POT BY OSBORN CO LTD LANCASTER PA




					$10.00



				or Best Offer
















Quadruple Plated Coffee Tea Pot Meriden Britannia Silver Plate Co. 1432 




					$9.99



				Buy It Now
















Tell us what you think




Pagination for search results




1
2
3
4
5














eBay determines this price through a machine learned model of the product's sale prices within the last 90 days.
Top Rated PlusSellers with highest buyer ratingsReturns, money backShips in a business day with trackingLearn More
Top Rated PlusSellers with highest buyer ratingsReturns, money backShips in a business day with trackingLearn More













Search refinements







Format
see allFormat




Auction





Buy It Now





Condition
see allCondition




New





Used





Not Specified





Price



Please enter a minimum and/or maximum price before continuing.
			$ Enter minimum price to $ Enter maximum price 





see allSellerSeller





Delivery Options
see allDelivery Options




Free shipping





Free In-store pickup





Show only
see allShow only




Returns accepted





Completed listings





Sold listings





Deals & Savings





More refinements...

























*Learn about pricing




			Amounts shown in italicized text are for items listed in currency other than U.S. dollars and are approximate conversions to U.S. dollars based upon Bloomberg's conversion rates. For more recent exchange rates, please use the Universal Currency Converter

		 This page was last updated:  Jul-22 16:32. Number of bids and bid amounts may be slightly out of date. See each listing for international shipping options and costs.














Electronics, Cars, Fashion, Collectibles, Coupons and More | eBay Skip to main contenteBayShop by categoryShop by categoryEnter your search keywordAll CategoriesAdvancedHi (Sign in to bid or buy) Daily Deals Gift Cards Help & Contact Sell My eBayExpand My eBay Summary Bids/Offers Watch list Wish list All lists Purchase history Selling My Collections Followed searches MessagesNotification   HomeFollowingMotorsExpand: MotorsParts & AccessoriesParts & AccessoriesCars & Truck PartsMotorcycle PartsAutomotive Tools & SuppliesSales & EventsMotors DealsVehiclesVehiclesCars & TrucksMotorcyclesClassics & ExoticsPowersportsRVs & Other VehiclesMotors BlogFashionExpand: FashionTop CategoriesWomen's ClothingWomen's ShoesMen's ClothingMen's ShoesHandbags & AccessoriesLuxury HandbagsKids & BabyAdditional CategoriesJewelryWatchesBeautyHealthFashion DealsSales & EventsPre-owned FashionElectronicsExpand: ElectronicsTop CategoriesCell Phones & AccessoriesCameras & PhotoComputers & TabletsTV & Home TheaterVideo Games & ConsolesSmart HomeCamera DronesAdditional CategoriesiPhoneNintendo SwitchPortable AudioCar Audio, Video & GPSElectronics DealsSell Your PhonePre-owned ElectronicsCollectibles & ArtExpand: Collectibles & ArtTop CategoriesCollectiblesCoins & Paper MoneyBullion CenterSports Cards, Memorabilia & ApparelAntiquesComicsLive AuctionsAdditional CategorieseBay CollectiveFeatured Sales & EventsArtEntertainment MemorabiliaMilitariaKnives, Swords & BladesSotheby's on eBayHome & GardenExpand: Home & GardenTop CategoriesFurnitureHome DécorKitchen & DiningHousekeeping & OrganizationBabyeBay CollectiveWineAdditional CategoriesMajor AppliancesGenerators Outdoor Power EquipmentPower ToolsHome ImprovementTool StoragePetsSporting GoodsExpand: Sporting GoodsTop CategoriesGolfCyclingFishingHuntingTeam SportsFitness & RunningSales & EventsAdditional CategoriesCamping EquipmentBaseball & SoftballGolf Clothing, Shoes & AccessoriesArcheryFitness EquipmentWater SportsPre-owned Sports GearToysExpand: ToysTop CategoriesAction FiguresBoard & Traditional GamesDiecast ToysDrones & RC VehiclesLEGO & Building ToysModel Railroads & TrainsPreschool & Pretend PlayAdditional CategoriesFeatured Toy DealsBarbie Dolls & Teddy BearsDart Guns, Ride-Ons & Outdoor StructuresModels & KitsStuffed AnimalsTrading Card GamesFeatured Toy EventsBusiness & IndustrialExpand: Business & IndustrialTop CategoriesElectrical & Test EquipmentHealthcare, Lab & Life ScienceHeavy EquipmentManufacturing & MetalworkingMRO & Industrial SupplyRestaurant & CateringAdditional CategoriesOfficePacking & ShippingRetail & ServicingLight Equipment & ToolsHeavy Equipment AttachmentsHeavy Equipment Parts & AccessoriesMusicExpand: MusicTop CategoriesGuitarsPro-AudioVinyl, CDs, & MoreOrchestra & BandDrumsDJConcert TicketsAdditional CategoriesElectric GuitarsAcoustic GuitarsBassAmpsEffects & PedalsGuitar PartsPre-owned Musical InstrumentsDealsExpand: DealsTop CategoriesDaily DealsElectronic DealsFashion DealsH&G DealsGift Card DealsCollectibles & ArtAdditional CategoriesSporting Goods DealsMotors DealsTravel DealsMusical Instrument DealsShop All DealsPre-owned PicksMore Expand: MoreMotorsFashionElectronicsCollectibles & ArtHome & GardenSporting GoodsToysBusiness & IndustrialMusicDealsCarousel showing banner 1 of 3Stunning Savings. Radiant You.This season’s best makeup, skin care, and more from $9.99.Shop Now Shop Now These Deals Are Made for ShoppingWith Free Shipping and price matching, every day.Shop Deals Shop Deals Their School, Their WayDenim, graphic tees, instruments, and everything in between.Shop Now Shop Now Stunning Savings. Radiant You.This season’s best makeup, skin care, and more from $9.99.Shop Now Shop Now These Deals Are Made for ShoppingWith Free Shipping and price matching, every day.Shop Deals Shop Deals Popular DestinationsVera Bradley Cotton BagsTennis Skirts and DressesTennis RacquetsWireless SpeakersStriped Men's TeesLEGO SetsBicycle Helmets0% APR with 24 Easy PaymentsEnds July 23  |  Min purchase required. Subject to credit approval.|See TermsShop Now Shop Now Daily Deals - CarouselSee All - See All DealsSee All See All Carousel showing slide 1 of 5 - Daily Deals$5.99$18.50|67% OFF$26.99$49.99|46% OFF$63.99$139.98|54% OFF$11.99$59.99|80% OFF$749.00$999.99|25% OFF$2,199.99$2,999.99|26% OFF$13.49$29.99|55% OFF$90.00$100.00|10% OFF$31.80$39.98|20% OFF$29.99$50.00|40% OFF$19.99$56.39|64% OFF$36.99$54.99|32% OFF$99.99$350.00|71% OFF$179.99$409.90|56% OFFTrending on eBay - CarouselSee All Trends - See All TrendsCarousel showing slide 1 of 5 - Trending on eBay1Motorcycle Helmets34,819 Views2LEGO City9,833 Views3Nike279,630 Views4MacKenzie-Childs24,347 Views5Mechanical Keyboard33,976 Views6Minecraft21,341 Views7San Diego Comic Con 201723,634 Views8Luminara Candle3,676 Views9Hallmark Ornaments14,501 Views10Breyerfest 20178,130 ViewsTrending on eBay - Carousel paginationThis season. Last season. Next season.Get the thing that’s so you.Shop Fashion Shop Fashion Featured Sales & Events - CarouselSee All - See all eventsCarousel showing slide 1 of 4 - Featured Sales & EventsMake Your Dorm Room, YoursUp to 70% off bedding and moreThe College KitchenUp to 50% off everything you needOn-Trend BackpacksPatagonia, JanSport, and moreYour Summer Look for LessDresses, Tanks, and more from $9.99Handbags & Accessories SaleStarting at $39.99Top Uniforms From $4.99Shop Cat & Jack, Old Navy, and moreSchool SuppliesGear up for classwork and homework.Summer Kicks on SaleSlip-ons and more from $9.99Featured Sales & Events - Carousel paginationYour Apple DestinationiPhones, MacBooks, iPads, and more for every price and budget.Shop Apple Shop Apple Editor’s Picks - CarouselSee All - See all eventsCarousel showing slide 1 of 5 - Editor’s PicksFloat OnPlayful inflatables for summertime funHappy Hot Dog DayWeenies will roast this weekendPop Culture ParadiseGeek out over these Comic-Con exclusivesMan on the MoonCommemorating the Apollo 11 landingMarvelous Marrs GreenDiscover the world’s most popular colorCare of Cassina Design from the 20th century’s greatestSeventies ShowboatsIconic American autos from a groovier timePerfectly PricklyEverything's coming up cactiBeachy BeautyGet the look without leaving homeEditor’s Picks - Carousel pagination





Martin Hall Co Martinoid Silver Plated Tea Pot 1800s | eBay




Please enable JavaScript 
Our new search experience requires JavaScript to be enabled. Please enable JavaScript on your browser, then try again.





 Skip to main contenteBayShop by categoryShop by categoryEnter your search keywordAll CategoriesAntiquesArtBabyBooksBusiness & IndustrialCameras & PhotoCell Phones & AccessoriesClothing, Shoes & AccessoriesCoins & Paper MoneyCollectiblesComputers/Tablets & NetworkingConsumer ElectronicsCraftsDolls & BearsDVDs & MovieseBay MotorsEntertainment MemorabiliaGift Cards & CouponsHealth & BeautyHome & GardenJewelry & WatchesMusicMusical Instruments & GearPet SuppliesPottery & GlassReal EstateSpecialty ServicesSporting GoodsSports Mem, Cards & Fan ShopStampsTickets & ExperiencesToys & HobbiesTravelVideo Games & ConsolesEverything ElseAdvancedHi (Sign in to bid or buy) Daily Deals Gift Cards Help & Contact Sell My eBayExpand My eBay Summary Bids/Offers Watch list Wish list All lists Purchase history Selling My Collections Followed searches MessagesNotification   










Back to home page






Refine




Classified ads




View: LIST






Gallery view 







  Martin Hall Co Martinoid Silver Plated Tea Pot 18...: 
 





Martin Hall Co Martinoid Silver Plated Tea Pot 1800s0 results. You may also like









Items in search results








Antique Coffee Pot Silver Plated  Martin Hall & Co Martinoid 1,5 pint




					$24.68



				Buy It Now













Antique 1854 Silver-Plated Chased & Pierced Pot Pourri Urn Vase Martin Hall & Co




					$383.19



				or Best Offer













VINTAGE ART NOUVEAU SILVER PLATE TEA POT SUGAR BOWL CREAMER M H &CO MARTINOID




					$68.83



				or Best Offer













Antique Silver 4 piece Tea Coffee Service Martin Hall 1872




					$5,845.28



				Buy It Now













Antique Silver 5 piece Tea Coffee Service & Tray Martin Hall 1874




					$8,118.44



				Buy It Now














Antique Victorian 1886 Sterling Silver Floral Chocolate Pot Martin Hall & Co Ltd




					$844.32



				or Best Offer













Fine ANCIENT GREEK REVIVAL Silver Plated TEA SET c1930 MARTIN HALL & CO




					$779.37



				or Best Offer













SILVER (EP) MARTINOID 3 PIECE FOOTED TEA SET WITH FLUTED DETAIL MH&CO 1857-1897




					$36.37



				or Best Offer













Vintage Coffee Set Silver Plated 3 Pieces  Martin Hall & Co




					$34.36



				or Best Offer
















New listing
		Martin Hall & Co Sheffield 1800s England Silver Fish Carving Knife Fork Antique




					$188.00



				Buy It Now
















4 Piece Martin Hall & Co Sterling Silver Tea/Coffee Set 




					$6,900.00



				or Best Offer




Free shipping
















Martin Hall - Solid Silver Sauce Boat




					$86.28



				or Best Offer













STERLING SILVER VICTORIAN TEA SET MARTIN HALL & Co SHEFFIELD c1886




					$967.72



				or Best Offer













Antique English Silver Plate Lidded Ewer Lipped Tankard Martin Hall & Co  C1860




					$422.16



				Buy It Now
















Antique Silver & Glass Barrel Tea Caddy Sheffield 1925, Martin Hall & Co




					$128.00



				Buy It Now
















VINTAGE SHEFFIELD WALKER & HALL 1934 HALF PINT SILVER PLATED TEA POT    




					$8.99



				Buy It Now
















Godinger Silver Art Co Tea Pot Coffee Pot Silver Plated Salt & Pepper Shakers




					$16.99



				Buy It Now





















MARTIN HALL SHEFFIELD  SILVER PLATE FOOTED TRAY RE PLATED BY TIFFANY & CO.




					$125.01



				Buy It Now

















Sterling Silver English Rococo Tea Caddy Spoon Martin, Hall & Co. Sheffield 1859




					$595.00



				or Best Offer




Free shipping


















Martin Hall and Co glass and silver plate preserve pot



$6.49


0 bids

















Walker & Hall Sheffield Silver Plated Tea Coffee Pot Creamer Sugar Dish Set 




					$158.07



				Buy It Now













Antique Victorian Sterling Silver Tea Tray by Martin Hall & Co




					$7,468.96



				Buy It Now




Free shipping













Antique Silver Plated Large Fruit Bowl Swing Handle Martin Hall & Co 1854-1897




					$37.66



				or Best Offer













SILVER PLATED TUREEN DISH, MARTIN HALL & CO LTD



$19.48


0 bids

















New listing
		A Very Fine Victorian Silver Coffee Pot by Martin, Hall & Co, Sheffield 1868



$1,623.69


0 bids




Free shipping




















VICTORIAN MUSTARD POT IN A SHAPE OF A DRUM PLATED BY MARTIN HALL & CO- C. 1870




					$135.00



				or Best Offer
















Vintage S F Co Silver Plated Tea / Coffee Pot




					$55.00



				or Best Offer
















REED & BARTON VICTORIAN SILVER PLATE TILTING TEA POT WITH STAND 1800’S




					$500.00



				or Best Offer




Free shipping













New listing
		A LOVELY VICTORIAN SILVER PLATE TEA POT AND WATER POT BY WALKER AND HALL



$64.95


0 bids




















Vintage Poole Silver Co. Silver Plated Tea Pot #2950




					$59.50



				Buy It Now


















Edwardian Antique Silver Plated Octagonal Tea Pot Shepheard Regent Street London




					$145.48



				or Best Offer













VINTAGE ART DECO SHEFFIELD SILVER PLATED 3PC TEA SET - WALKER & HALL  **




					$102.62



				or Best Offer













A Very Fine Silver Drinks/Tea Tray  by Martin Hall & Co Ltd Sheffield 1911



$2,273.16


0 bids

















Edwardian silver plated Tea /Coffee Pot Patent Handle Reg No.53312A




					$97.42



				or Best Offer
















Antique Victorian Sterling Silver Tea Tray by Martin Hall & Co 




					$8,165.00



				Buy It Now




Free shipping













Antique English Silver Plate Ewer Lipped Tankard  C1860 Martin Hall




					$383.19



				Buy It Now













Lovely Silver Plated dish Martin Hall & Co approx 4.5ins wide




					$12.98



				or Best Offer













VINTAGE J & Co SILVER PLATED TEA & COFFEE POT, SUGAR BOWL, MILK/CREAM JUG SET



$38.96


0 bids

















VINTAGE MARTIN HALL & Co SILVER PLATED PEDESTAL BON BON DISH




					$46.70



				or Best Offer
















c1800's Renaissance Silver Plated Figural CASTLE Rim PUTTI Finial Tea Pot Set




					$174.99



				Buy It Now




Free shipping


















ANTIQUE VINTAGE SILVER PLATED SPURRIER & CO LONDON TEA POT DISPLAY




					$84.43



				or Best Offer
















1834-1866 MARTIN HALL & Co SILVER Coffee Pot ORNATE Superb Condition




					$27.95



				Buy It Now
















Antique ~ Tea Pot ~ Elkington & Co. ~ Silver Plated ~ Engraved




					$29.99



				or Best Offer













Antique Silver Plated Walker & Hall Silver Plated Tea Pot Flush Hinge c-1880's 




					$22.99



				or Best Offer
















VINTAGE 1940-50'S HALL CHINA CO. COBALT BLUE & GOLD "AIRFLOW" 6 CUP TEA POT 0443




					$29.98



				Buy It Now


















Antique Art Deco Silver Plated Tea Pot. Bakelite Handle And Top. H.F & Co S




					$162.37



				Buy It Now
















ANTIQUE SILVER PLATED TEA POT ESTHETIC MOVEMENT DESIGN,VERY LARGE, BEAUTIFUL.




					$235.00



				or Best Offer
















ST. LOUIS SILVER CO. ANTIQUE TEA POT BESSIE COLEMAN QUEEN BRAVE BESS 




					$1,109.00



				or Best Offer




Free shipping
















Vtg Pan Am Airlines Silver Plated Coffee Tea Pot International Silver Co. 32oz




					$150.00



				Buy It Now
















Antique English Martin Hall & Co. Silver Plated Pierced Fish Serving Set




					$115.00



				or Best Offer
















Tell us what you think




Pagination for search results




1
2
3
4
5














eBay determines this price through a machine learned model of the product's sale prices within the last 90 days.
Top Rated PlusSellers with highest buyer ratingsReturns, money backShips in a business day with trackingLearn More
Top Rated PlusSellers with highest buyer ratingsReturns, money backShips in a business day with trackingLearn More













Search refinements







Format
see allFormat




Auction





Buy It Now





Condition
see allCondition




New





Used





Not Specified





Price



Please enter a minimum and/or maximum price before continuing.
			$ Enter minimum price to $ Enter maximum price 





see allSellerSeller





Delivery Options
see allDelivery Options




Free shipping





Free In-store pickup





Show only
see allShow only




Returns accepted





Completed listings





Sold listings





Deals & Savings





More refinements...

























*Learn about pricing




			Amounts shown in italicized text are for items listed in currency other than U.S. dollars and are approximate conversions to U.S. dollars based upon Bloomberg's conversion rates. For more recent exchange rates, please use the Universal Currency Converter

		 This page was last updated:  Jul-22 16:32. Number of bids and bid amounts may be slightly out of date. See each listing for international shipping options and costs.














Services | Martin Foot Specialists Inc Sheffield, AL 35660 - YP.comStart your search by typing in the business name below.
What do you want to find?

Where?My current locationSearchHomePhysicians & Surgeons, Podiatrists near Sheffield, ALMartin Foot Specialists IncServicesMartin Foot Specialists Inc426 Cox Blvd, Sheffield, AL 35660(256) 389-1990View Business DetailsServices"Fish and Chips" found in 1 dishPhysicians General PractitionersWartsPlantar Fasciitis-Diagnose and treat conditions such as: plantar fasciitis/heel pain, ulcers, bunions, fractures, neuromas, corns, calluses, cysts,Â infections, ingrown nails, and skin conditions.RadiologistUltrasoundSurgeonsWound CareWound Care: This is a specialized part of our practice. Nursing home patients, Diabetes, vascular compromised, and patients with Neurologic diseases are most often affected. It is important to treat these after being noticed to help prevent them from getting larger and/or infected.Â  Treatment is focused on keeping pressure away from the area and keeping the would from getting infected.Â  The use of wound care products can allow them to heal quickly.Â  Often times they are located on bony prominences.Â  There are times the bone needs to be addressed along with the wound to help further complications from developing.ÂBunionsIngrown ToenailsPodiatristsGeriatric Foot CareArthritic Foot CareBunions Problems-Perform surgeries to correct or remedy such problems as bunions, clawtoes, fractures, hammertoes, infections, ruptured tendons, and other ligaments.CallusesDiabetic Foot CareFlat FeetFungus ToenailsGeneral PodiatryPodiatrists are doctors who have studied extensively about how to treat and provide care for patients experiencing foot related pain or problems. Click here for further information about podiatry.HammertoesHammertoes: Are the results of abnormal contraction and a muscle imbalance that leaves your toe in a bent position. Once hammertoes stiffen they can rub against the shoe and cause pain.Â If too much pressure is put on the area then a corn can develop.Â Â They can be aggravated by improper fitting shoes. Treatments should focus on keeping pressure off of the area.Â  Treatments may include padding, larger shoes, orthotics and others.Â  Since they are bony in nature often times surgery may be needed to correct the deformity.ÂHeel SpursHeel PainFoot PainFoot InfectionsA podiatrist is also called a doctor of podiatric medicine (DPM). After a four year undergraduate school a podiatrist then attends a 4 year podiatric medical school, graduating with a doctor of podiatric medicine degree (DPM).Â  A podiatrist is a specialist who is trained in the medical diagnosis and both surgical and non surgical treatment for foot and ankle problems.Â  Some common conditions include but are not limited toÂ , heel pain/spurs,Â sprains, tendon conditions, fractures, bunions, hammertoes, neuromas, corns,calluses,Â ingrown toenails and warts. A podiatrist also renders care for diabetic foot infections.Â Â Podiatrists are required to take state and national exams, as well as be licensed by the state in which they practice.Â Each state determines the scope of practice on how far the podiatrist can treat the foot, ankle, and leg.Â  Currently there are 44 states which allows a podiatrist to treat the foot and ankle.Ingrown ToenailsPlantar FasciitisHeel and arch pain: Â  Is a common condition which may be due to a condition known as plantar fasciitis.Â  Typically patients will experience pain with the first steps after getting out of bed, after resting for awhile, and after being on the feet for a long period of time.Â  There are many things which may cause it including:Â  change of shoe gear, change of activity, change of walking surface, change of weight, injury and others.Â Â Conservative treatments should be exausted before surgical intervention is considered.Â  Conservative treatments may include strapping and padding, anti-inflammatory medication, soaks, night splint, physical therapy, orthotics, and others.ÂPodiatric SurgeryDr Martin graduated from Southern Illinois University where he majored in Biology with a minor in chemistry. He graduated from the William M. Scholl College of Podiatric Medicine in 1990. He completed his post graduate training in Chicago Illinois. After practicing and helping in the training of surgical residents in the Chicagoland area, he moved to the Shoals area in 1997 and opened his office in Muscles Shoals. In 1999 he moved his practice to Sheffield. Dr Martin is board certified in foot surgery by the American Board of Podiatric Surgery. He has been very active in his profession on a state level. Dr. Martin has held the following positions...DermatologistsCornsCorns and Calluses:Â Â Are the results of abnormal contraction and a muscle imbalance that leaves your toe in a bent position. Once hammertoes stiffen they can rub against the shoe and cause pain.Â If too much pressure is put on the area then a corn can develop.Â Â They can be aggravated by improper fitting shoes. Treatments should focus on keeping pressure off of the area.Â  Treatments may include padding, larger shoes, orthotics and others.Â  Since they are bony in nature often times surgery may be needed to correct the deformityCystCallusesFungusEndocrinologistDiabetes CarePhysical TherapistsOrthotics and Prosthetic TherapyFlatfoot CorrectionHeel PainPhysical TherapyNeuroma: An inflammation of a sensory nerve in the foot ( a sensory nerve gives you the ability to sense pain). It is most common between the 3rd and 4th toes. Symptoms may include numbness, tingling, shootingÂ or radiating pain, cramping sensation and others. Treatment should be focused on reducing the swelling of the nerve.Â  Treatments may includeÂ offloading of the area, antininflammatory medication, physical therapy, injections, and othersSend to PhoneMartin Foot Specialists Inc426 Cox Blvd, Sheffield, AL 35660(256) 389-1990Send this business listing as a text message to a mobile phone.I agree to the Terms and ConditionsCancelSendYour text message was sent.To opt out at anytime, send the word STOP to YP411.To get a help message, send the word HELP to YP411.There was an error sending your text.Please try again.E-MailMartin Foot Specialists Inc426 Cox Blvd, Sheffield, AL 35660(256) 389-1990Send this business details to yourself or up to 5 friends.Up to 5 email addresses, separate addresses with a commaSend Yourself a CopyCancelSend 
We just redesigned yp.com! Do you like it?×            LikeNot a Fan×            Thank You!Feedback









Martin Inc.
















Skip to content


Martin Inc.














We Help Companies Operate Better
Technical Support
Custom Tailored Solutions
Total Lower Costs





 



How can we help you?

Industrial Supply
Integrated Supply
Safety Solutions
Fastening Solutions
















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft






















Loading Your Search Results - PeopleLooker.com























Updating Data On {{nameize fn}}{{#if mi}} {{nameize mi}}{{/if}} {{nameize ln}} {{#validLocation city}}in {{city}}{{#validLocation state}},{{/validLocation}} {{/validLocation}}{{#validLocation state}}{{#unless city}}in {{/unless}}{{uppercase state}}{{/validLocation}}
Important! PeopleLooker uses real public records. The information may be surprising.












Less than 30 seconds remaining


Continue to Results 







Now
We look up all people named {{nameize fn}} {{nameize ln}}.




Next
You pick which one you're looking for.




Then
We search our database for info on them.




Hooray!
You get your report!












Where does {{nameize fn}}{{#if mi}} {{uppercase mi}}{{/if}} {{nameize ln}}
live?
Please help us narrow down your search











All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





I'm not sure














Please enter a full name
Please help us narrow down your search







First Name:

Please Enter First Name


Last Name:

Please Enter Last Name












































People Searching Made Easy! | PeopleLooker
































Looking to Find Out About Someone?

Find information you may not get on Google.












State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





Search





We respect your privacy.













We've run over


1,000,000


background reports!
Successful background reports!









Access Premium Public Records

Quickly search public records that could otherwise take you weeks or months
to collect. Find friends, relatives, neighbors, or even yourself. Comprehensive
people search reports may contain:




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records




Relatives
Email Addresses
Much More!




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth
Relatives
Email Addresses




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records
Much More!







The New Way to Find People
More than a regular search engine.

It's the quick and easy way to look people up. Do a deep public record
search to uncover the important information you're looking for. Now you'll
never have to search someone on google again.





































People Searching Made Easy! | PeopleLooker
































Looking to Find Out About Someone?

Find information you may not get on Google.












State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





Search





We respect your privacy.













We've run over


1,000,000


background reports!
Successful background reports!









Access Premium Public Records

Quickly search public records that could otherwise take you weeks or months
to collect. Find friends, relatives, neighbors, or even yourself. Comprehensive
people search reports may contain:




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records




Relatives
Email Addresses
Much More!




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth
Relatives
Email Addresses




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records
Much More!







The New Way to Find People
More than a regular search engine.

It's the quick and easy way to look people up. Do a deep public record
search to uncover the important information you're looking for. Now you'll
never have to search someone on google again.





































People Searching Made Easy! | PeopleLooker
































Looking to Find Out About Someone?

Find information you may not get on Google.












State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





Search





We respect your privacy.













We've run over


1,000,000


background reports!
Successful background reports!









Access Premium Public Records

Quickly search public records that could otherwise take you weeks or months
to collect. Find friends, relatives, neighbors, or even yourself. Comprehensive
people search reports may contain:




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records




Relatives
Email Addresses
Much More!




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth
Relatives
Email Addresses




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records
Much More!







The New Way to Find People
More than a regular search engine.

It's the quick and easy way to look people up. Do a deep public record
search to uncover the important information you're looking for. Now you'll
never have to search someone on google again.





































People Searching Made Easy! | PeopleLooker
































Looking to Find Out About Someone?

Find information you may not get on Google.












State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





Search





We respect your privacy.













We've run over


1,000,000


background reports!
Successful background reports!









Access Premium Public Records

Quickly search public records that could otherwise take you weeks or months
to collect. Find friends, relatives, neighbors, or even yourself. Comprehensive
people search reports may contain:




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records




Relatives
Email Addresses
Much More!




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth
Relatives
Email Addresses




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records
Much More!







The New Way to Find People
More than a regular search engine.

It's the quick and easy way to look people up. Do a deep public record
search to uncover the important information you're looking for. Now you'll
never have to search someone on google again.





















