


	Pioneer Natural Resources - Leadership


























Pioneer Natural Resources

Contact
News
NYSE: PXD



















AboutProfileCompany HistoryNews & EventsLeadershipShareholder LetterGovernanceOur IndustryContact





                Home
            
»



                About
            
»



                Leadership
            




Leadership The knowledgeable, experienced and strategic management team and Board of Directors at Pioneer guide the company's success. Learn more about our leadership by clicking a name below and by visiting our Governance section.




Management Team





                        Timothy L. Dove »
                    


                     President and Chief Executive Officer
                



Timothy L. Dove President and Chief Executive Officer Tim Dove is president and chief executive officer of Pioneer Natural Resources. He is a member of Pioneer’s management committee and also serves on Pioneer’s board of directors. Dove joined Parker & Parsley in 1994 as vice president of business development and was promoted to senior vice president in 1996 where he served until the formation of Pioneer in 1997. With Pioneer, Dove held the position of executive vice president - business development until 2000 when he was promoted to executive vice president and chief financial officer. In 2004, Dove was named the Company’s president and chief operating officer. Dove was elected to the board of directors in 2013. In 2017, he was named president and chief executive officer. Prior to joining Parker & Parsley, Dove worked for Diamond Shamrock Corporation and a successor, Maxus Energy Corporation. Dove holds a Bachelor of Science degree in mechanical engineering from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology and a Master of Business Administration from the University of Chicago.  With Dove’s leadership and guidance, Pioneer has become one of the most efficient operators among the U.S. shale resource companies. While playing an important part in Pioneer’s strategic vision, Dove led the teams who advanced horizontal drilling and completion technology into the Company’s core assets in the Permian Basin and Eagle Ford Shale.  Dove currently serves on the Corporate Development Committee of MIT and is a member of the Board of Trustees of the Jesuit College Preparatory School of Dallas Foundation. He was also a member of the Dream Dallas Advisory Council for Habitat for Humanity. He previously served as a trustee for the KidLinks Foundation, as chairman of the Dallas Wildcat Committee and as president of the Dallas Petroleum Club board of directors.









                        Mark S. Berg »
                    


                     Executive Vice President, Corporate/Vertically Integrated Operations
                



Mark S. Berg Executive Vice President, Corporate/Operations In April 2005, Mark Berg joined Pioneer Natural Resources to serve as Executive Vice President & General Counsel.  He was promoted to Executive Vice President, Corporate in January 2014, named Executive Vice President, Corporate/Operations in August 2015 and became Executive Vice President, Corporate/Vertically Integrated Operations in May 2017. Berg’s corporate responsibilities include oversight of Legal, Land, Regulatory Affairs, Government Affairs and Corporate Communications.  In operations, he is responsible for Pioneer’s vertically integrated service companies: Pioneer Pumping Services, Premier Silica and Pioneer Well Services. Berg began his career in 1983 with the Houston-based law firm of Vinson & Elkins L.L.P. and served as a partner from 1990 through 1997. He served as Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary of American General Corporation, a Fortune 200 diversified financial services company, from 1997 through 2001. Subsequent to the sale of American General to American International Group, Berg was appointed Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary of Hanover Compressor Company, a NYSE company specializing in natural gas compression and processing.  Berg received his Juris Doctor, with honors, from the University of Texas School of Law, and graduated magna cum laude and Phi Beta Kappa with a Bachelor of Arts in Public Policy from Tulane University.  He is a member of the State Bar of Texas. Berg also served as Chairman on the Board of Dallas CASA.








                        Chris J. Cheatwood »
                    


                     Executive Vice President and Chief Technology Officer
                



Chris J. Cheatwood Executive Vice President and Chief Technology Officer Cheatwood was elected the Company’s Executive Vice President, Business Development and Geoscience in November 2011 and became Executive Vice President and Chief Technology Officer in May 2017. Cheatwood had previously served the Company as Executive Vice President, Business Development and Technology since February 2010, as Executive Vice President, Geoscience from November 2007 until February 2010, as Executive Vice President - Worldwide Exploration from January 2002 until November 2007, as Senior Vice President – Worldwide Exploration from December 2000 to January 2002, and as Vice President - Domestic Exploration from July 1998 to December 2000. Before joining the Company, Cheatwood spent ten years with Exxon Corporation. Cheatwood is a graduate of the University of Oklahoma with a Bachelor of Science degree in Geology and earned his Master of Science degree in Geology from the University of Tulsa.








                        Richard P. Dealy »
                    


                     Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
                



Richard P. Dealy Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Dealy was elected the Company’s Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer in November 2004. Dealy held positions for the Company as Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer from February 1998 to November 2004, and Vice President and Controller from August 1997 to January 1998. Dealy joined Parker & Parsley, a predecessor of the Company, in July 1992 and was promoted to Vice President and Controller in 1996, in which position he served until August 1997. He is a Certified Public Accountant, and before joining Parker & Parsley, he was employed by KPMG LLP. Dealy graduated with honors from Eastern New Mexico University with a Bachelor of Business Administration degree in Accounting and Finance.








                        J.D. Hall »
                    


                     Executive Vice President, Permian Operations
                



J.D. Hall Executive Vice President, Permian Operations Joey Hall is Executive Vice President, Permian Operations for Pioneer Natural Resources and a member of its Management Team. He is responsible for planning, development and operations activities in the Permian Basin, where the Company has the largest Spraberry/Wolfcamp acreage position with decades of drilling inventory. Hall’s rise to Pioneer’s senior leadership team began in 1989, when he joined Pioneer’s predecessor company, MESA, Inc. He held several positions in worldwide facilities, eventually managing offshore, onshore and international projects across the Company, including the Falcon deep water development in the Gulf of Mexico. Hall was then assigned as Operations Manager in Alaska, where he was responsible for all drilling, production and construction activities. Under his leadership, Pioneer completed the Oooguruk development, establishing Pioneer as the first independent oil and gas company to produce on the North Slope of Alaska. When Pioneer turned its focus to developing its Eagle Ford Shale assets, Hall was tasked with leading the capital-intensive development, beginning as Vice President, Eagle Ford Asset Team, then to Sr. Vice President, South Texas Operations. Hall’s attention shifted to the Permian Basin when he became Executive Vice President, Southern Wolfcamp Operations. In 2015, he assumed leadership over all of Pioneer’s Permian Operations. Hall sits on the board of the Dallas Area Habitat for Humanity, Inc. In 2016, he was inducted into the Texas Tech University Petroleum Engineering Academy. Hall has a Bachelor of Science degree in Mechanical Engineering from Texas Tech University and is a Registered Professional Engineer in the State of Texas.








                        Kenneth H. Sheffield, Jr. »
                    


                     Executive Vice President, Operations/Engineering/Facilities
                



Kenneth H. Sheffield, Jr. Executive Vice President, Operations/Engineering/Facilities In August 2015, Ken Sheffield was appointed Executive Vice President STAT, WAT & Corporate Engineering and became Executive Vice President, Operations/Engineering/Facilities in May 2017.  He is responsible for overseeing the South Texas Asset Team, Western Asset Team and Corporate Engineering.  Sheffield is also a Member of Pioneer’s Management Committee. Prior to his current role, he was Executive Vice President, South Texas Operations.  Sheffield has also served as Senior Vice President, Operations & Engineering to lead the Rockies, Mid-Continent and Barnett Shale Asset Teams, as well as Pioneer's corporate engineering and sustainable development efforts. Ken has also served as Vice President, Corporate Engineering. Beginning in 2004, Sheffield served as President of Pioneer’s wholly owned Alaska subsidiary to establish and grow Pioneer’s operations in the state. In June, 2008, production commenced from the Oooguruk oil field in the shallow waters of the Beaufort Sea, establishing Pioneer as the first independent operator in the history of Alaska’s North Slope. Sheffield has served Pioneer in leadership positions since the company’s founding in 1997. He served as President and Vice President of Pioneer’s wholly owned Canadian subsidiary from 1999 to 2003. During 1997 and 1998, he served as Vice President & General Manager of the Gulf Coast Division in Houston. Earlier in his career with Mesa, a predecessor company to Pioneer, Ken served as Vice President, Acquisitions & Development during 1997 and Manager, Acquisitions & Engineering in 1996. Ken worked in a number of supervisory and technical positions from 1982 to 1996 with assignments in drilling, production, reservoir engineering and acquisitions. Sheffield holds a Bachelor of Science degree in Petroleum Engineering from Texas A&M University and is a member of the Society of Petroleum Engineers. In 2016, he was inducted into the Texas A&M Academy of Distinguished Graduates of the Harold Vance Department of Petroleum Engineering. Sheffield currently serves on the Texas A&M Petroleum Engineering Industry Board and the board of Bryan’s House, a non-profit organization in Dallas, Texas.








                        William F. Hannes »
                    


                     Senior Vice President, Special Projects
                



William F. Hannes Senior Vice President, Special Projects In September 2014, Hannes was appointed Senior Vice President, Special Management Committee Advisor. In this role, he will provide strategic advice to Pioneer’s Management Committee and oversee special projects. Prior to this position, he served as Executive Vice President of Southern Wolfcamp Operations for three years.  January 2010 through 2012 he was Executive Vice President, South Texas Operations. November 2005 through December 2009, he was Executive Vice President, Business Development. He was Vice President, Engineering & Development from June 2001 through October 2005 and General Manager, International Production from 1998 to 2001.  Hannes is an Officer of Pioneer Natural Resources and an advisory member of the Management Committee. He joined Pioneer in 1997 as Director of Business Development, and prior to Pioneer, he spent 16 years with Mobil and Superior Oil & Gas Co. in a variety of engineering and operations positions. Hannes earned his Bachelor of Science in Petroleum Engineering from Texas A&M University. 








                        Frank E. Hopkins »
                    


                     Senior Vice President, Investor Relations
                



Frank E. Hopkins Senior Vice President, Investor Relations Frank Hopkins joined Pioneer Natural Resources in 2005 as Vice President, Investor Relations. He communicates Pioneer’s strategies, business plans and performance to the investment community. Earlier in his career, Hopkins was with Exxon Mobil Corporation where he served as General Manager, Strategic Planning for the Global Services Company and previously as Deputy Manager, Investor Relations. With predecessor Mobil Corporation, he served in various capacities including Manager, Investor Relations and Assistant Controller. He earned his Bachelor of Science in Business Administration from Penn State University and also participated in the executive education program at the Kellogg School of Management of Northwestern University. Hopkins is a member of the National Investor Relations Institute and the Dallas Petroleum Club.








                        Mark H. Kleinman »
                    


                     Senior Vice President and General Counsel
                



Mark H. Kleinman Senior Vice President and General Counsel Mark Kleinman joined Pioneer Natural Resources in June 2005 as Vice President, Corporate Secretary and Chief Compliance Officer, and in January 2014, he was named Senior Vice President and General Counsel. He serves as a Member of the Pioneer Management Committee. As General Counsel, Kleinman is responsible for all aspects of Pioneer’s legal function and support for Pioneer’s Board of Directors. Kleinman began his career in 1986 as an associate with the Dallas-based law firm of Jackson Walker L.L.P. He served as Assistant General Counsel of Sterling Software, Inc., a NYSE company supplying computer software and services worldwide, from 1996 through its acquisition in 2000 by Computer Associates International, Inc., and as Vice President and General Counsel of Inet Technologies, Inc., a NASDAQ-traded global provider of communications software products, from 2000 through its acquisition in 2004 by Tektronics, Inc. Kleinman received his Juris Doctor, with honors, from The University of Texas School of Law, where he served on the editorial board of The Texas Law Review. He graduated with a Bachelor of Arts in Government from The University of Texas. He is a member of the State Bar of Texas, and he served on the New York Stock Exchange Commission on Corporate Governance, which issued its final report in 2010.








                        Todd C. Abbott »
                    


                     Vice President, Permian Infrastructure Development and Operations
                



Todd C. Abbott Vice President, Permian Infrastructure Development and Operations Todd Abbott was appointed Vice President, Permian Infrastructure Development and
Operations of Pioneer Natural Resources in November 2016. He is responsible for Pioneer’s
support infrastructure including water, power and gas processing facilities. Abbott joined Pioneer in 2003 as Senior Analyst, Acquisitions and Divestitures, and then
moved to Worldwide Operations. In 2005, he was promoted to Vice President, Corporate
Finance. From 2011 to 2013, he served as President of Pioneer’s Alaska division. Abbott was
Vice President, Permian Operations from 2013 to August 2014. He served as Vice President,
Finance and Treasurer of Pioneer Natural Resources from September 2014 to November
2016. Prior to working for Pioneer, Abbott was a Financial Analyst with Citigroup and an
Engineering Consultant with Halff Associates. Abbott graduated from Texas A&M University with a Bachelor of Science in Civil Engineering
before earning a Master of Business Administration from Southern Methodist University
(SMU), Edwin L. Cox School of Business. Abbott is a current member of the Advisory Board for the Materials Science and Engineering
Department at Texas A&M University. He has previously served on the board of the Alaska
Resource Development Council, and was active in the Alaska Oil & Gas Association. In 2013,
he was honored as an Outstanding Young Alumnus of SMU.








                        John C. Distaso »
                    


                     Vice President, Marketing
                



John C. Distaso Vice President, Marketing Distaso joined Pioneer Natural Resources in June 2012 as Vice President of Marketing and is responsible for commercial sales of products (crude oil, condensate, NGL’s and natural gas) and downstream infrastructure planning to process, transport and fractionate products prior to final disposition. Distaso has 30 years of industry experience. Prior to joining Pioneer, he held senior executive and managerial trading and marketing positions at Mobil Oil Corporation for 15 years and similar positions at Apache and Devon Energy. Distaso was most recently with Deloitte, working for the Minister of Petroleum in the Republic of South Sudan to market 300 MBOPD of crude, resulting in the country’s first $3 billion of oil revenues. Distaso has experience in physical and paper trading, term and spot negotiations, cargo tanker shipping, transportation pipelines, processing facilities and storage operations. His experience encompasses all aspects of mid-stream and downstream marketing, and he has led multiple domestic and international Marketing departments. Distaso received his Master of Business Administration from San Diego State University, a Bachelor of Science in Business from University of California Berkeley and a Bachelor of Arts in Philosophy from University of California San Diego.








                        Teresa A. Fairbrook »
                    


                     Vice President and Chief Human Resources Officer
                



Teresa A. Fairbrook Vice President and Chief Human Resources Officer In March 2016, Fairbrook was appointed Vice President and Chief Human Resources Officer of Pioneer Natural Resources. She is responsible for providing leadership and accountability for all aspects of human resources, ensuring consistency and quality across Pioneer’s business units. Fairbrook joined Pioneer in 1999 as an HR Generalist and has held various positions in the Company since, including Compensation Manager, HR Director, Compensation & Employee Relations Director and HR Department Director. In January 2013, she was appointed Vice President, Human Resources. Prior to joining Pioneer, Fairbrook was in human resources at Dal-Tile Corporation in Dallas, Texas, where she held a variety of roles in employee relations, recruiting and benefits. In 1996, she received a Bachelor of Business Administration degree from St. Mary’s University in San Antonio, Texas, with an emphasis in Human Resource Management. A Certified Compensation Professional, Fairbrook is involved in industry-related organizations, including E-27 (an oil and gas industry pier group focused on human resources, compensation and benefits) and served as the past Chairman of the E-27 Committee. Fairbrook oversees the Company’s diversity and inclusion efforts, actively supporting Pioneer’s family-friendly workplace culture.








                        Robert C. Hagens »
                    


                     Vice President, Land and Regulatory Affairs
                



Robert C. Hagens Vice President, Land and Regulatory Affairs In August 2015, Hagens assumed the role of Vice President, Land and Regulatory Affairs with Pioneer Natural Resources. He is responsible for managing the exploration, development, acquisition activities and regulatory affairs for Pioneer Natural Resources. Hagens served as Vice President, Land with Pioneer Natural Resources from May 2008 to August 2015. From November 2005 until May 2008, he served as Vice President of Land, Pioneer Natural Resources USA subsidiary. Prior to joining Pioneer, Hagens served as US Onshore Land & Regulatory Manager for BP America Production Company from March 2003 to October 2005. He also worked as a Portfolio Analyst and Senior Advisor from October 2000 to February 2003. Earlier in his career, he worked with Vastar Resources, Inc. as US Gulf Coast Land Manager from September 1997 to September 2000. From 1983 to 2000, he held various positions with Atlantic Richfield Company and Vastar. Hagens has a Bachelor of Business Administration (PLM) from the University of Texas at Austin. Hagens is a member of and certified by the American Association of Professional Landmen.








                        Paul McDonald »
                    


                     Vice President, Vertically Integrated Services
                



Paul McDonald Vice President, Vertically Integrated Services In August 2015, McDonald was appointed Vice President, Vertically Integrated Services of Pioneer Natural Resources. Prior to his current role, McDonald served as Vice President of Operations, Southern Wolfcamp Asset Team. McDonald has been with the Company since it was formed in 1997 and has over 30 years of industry experience. Earlier in his career, he held various engineering and management positions with Superior Oil, Mobil and Parker & Parsley. McDonald has a Bachelor of Science degree in Chemical Engineering from Texas Tech University and a Master of Business Administration from Southern Methodist University. He is a registered professional engineer in the state of Texas and has served on the Society of Petroleum Evaluation Engineers (SPEE) National Board.








                        Margaret M. Montemayor »
                    


                     Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer
                



Margaret M. Montemayor Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer Montemayor was elected the Company’s Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer effective March 2014. Montemayor had previously served the Company as Vice President and Corporate Controller since January 2014, Corporate Controller from April 2012 to December 2013, and Director of Technical Accounting and Financial Reporting from June 2010 to March 2012. Prior to joining the Company, Montemayor served as Manager at PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP since June 2006. Montemayor graduated from St. Mary’s University in San Antonio, Texas, with a Bachelor of Business Administration degree in Accounting and a Master of Business Administration.








                        Thaddeus J. Owens »
                    


                     Vice President, Communications and Government Relations
                



Thaddeus J. Owens Vice President, Communications and Government Relations In September 2014, Tadd Owens was named Vice President, Communications and Government Relations for Pioneer Natural Resources. Owens is responsible for corporate communications oversight in addition to managing the Company’s government affairs activities in Washington, D.C., and in the states in which the Company operates.  Owens previously served as Vice President, Government Affairs, for one year after serving for three years as Director, Government Affairs, where he managed the Company’s government affairs work in Texas.  He joined Pioneer in November 2006 as Director, Government & Public Affairs for the Company’s Alaska division.  Prior to joining Pioneer, he served for six years as the Executive Director of the Resource Development Council for Alaska, Inc., an Alaska business association representing the oil and gas, mining, timber, tourism and fisheries industries.  Owens graduated with honors from Carleton College in Northfield, Minnesota, with a Bachelor of Arts degree in Political Science. Owens currently serves on the boards of the Texas Independent Producers and Royalty Owners Association, the South Texas Energy and Economic Roundtable, the Royalty Owners and Producers Educational Coalition and the Dallas Chapter of the Juvenile Diabetes Research Foundation.








                        Thomas D. Sheffield »
                    


                     Vice President, Health, Safety and Environment
                



Thomas D. Sheffield Vice President, Health, Safety and Environment Tom Sheffield is Vice President of Health, Safety and Environment for Pioneer Natural Resources.  He is responsible for the Environmental, Sustainable Development, Safety, and Operations Excellence Training groups. In 1988, Sheffield joined Pioneer’s predecessor, Parker & Parsley, holding various positions in field production operations. Beginning in 1992, Sheffield worked as an exploitation and exploration geologist in various basins throughout North America. In 2002, Sheffield joined Pioneer’s business development team, where he was involved in various acquisition targets and evaluations, including the Evergreen merger in 2004.  Sheffield was appointed Pioneer’s Raton Basin asset manager in 2004. In 2008, he was promoted to Vice President of the Rockies Asset Team and was eventually named Vice President of Pioneer’s Western Asset Team. Sheffield is a graduate of the University of Texas, Permian Basin, where he earned both a Bachelor of Science and a Master of Science in Geology. During his tenure in Colorado, Tom served as a board member and chairman for both the Western Energy Alliance and the Colorado Oil and Gas Association. He is a member of the American Association for Petroleum Geologists (AAPG) and is active in local charities.








                        Tom D. Spalding »
                    


                     Vice President, Geoscience
                



Tom D. Spalding Vice President, Geoscience Spalding serves as Vice President, Geoscience, providing oversight for geoscience across Pioneer and managing subsurface geoscience and reservoir engineering integration. Prior to his current role, he served as Vice President, Permian Subsurface from September 2014 and managed the regional subsurface geoscience and reservoir engineering integration for the Permian Division since April 2011. Spalding has served Pioneer in various positions since 1997, including Vice President Geoscience Technology in 2010, Vice President North America Exploration in 2004 and Offshore Exploration Manager in 1998. Earlier in his career, Spalding spent 16 years with Mobil working as an exploration and production geoscientist for domestic divisions in Dallas, Houston and New Orleans. He completed his Mobil career working in their international division with emphasis on West Africa exploration. He has a Master of Science degree and a Bachelor of Science degree in Geology from the University of Kentucky. He has been a member of the American Association of Petroleum Geologists since 1981, and current or past member of the Dallas Geological Society, Houston Geological Society, and New Orleans Geological Society. Spalding is licensed as a Professional Geoscientist in the state of Texas.








                        Susan A. Spratlen »
                    


                     Vice President, Permian Affairs
                



Susan A. Spratlen Vice President, Permian Affairs Spratlen has served as a Vice President of Pioneer Natural Resources since 1999, having joined the company’s predecessor, Parker & Parsley Petroleum Company, in 1990 as Director of Investor Relations. In 1999, she was named Vice President, Corporate Communications and Investor Relations. Beginning in 2005, she served as Vice President of Communications and Public Affairs, and in 2011, her responsibilities were expanded to include Sustainability. Spratlen is responsible for Pioneer’s national, state and local Communication and Public Relations strategies, including internal and external communications, media relations, public engagement, advertising, employee volunteer programs and corporate philanthropy. She also coordinates with the Sustainable Development and other departments to develop and execute strategies related to Sustainability and public engagement regarding sustainable oil and natural gas development practices. She serves and advises a number of national and state industry organizations and initiatives focused on education and public engagement regarding sustainable development practices and the industry’s societal impacts. These initiatives also promote the benefits of expanded use of domestic natural gas for power generation and transportation. She serves on national committees with America’s Natural Gas Alliance and chairs that organization’s public engagement committee for the state of Texas. The Texas Natural Gas Now campaign is a major project of the Texas public engagement committee of ANGA. Spratlen is also promoting collaborative industry communications initiatives in the Permian Basin and Eagle Ford Shale, Pioneer’s primary operating areas. She is on the steering committee and governing board for a new organization in Texas representing an alliance of energy consumers, producers, services and communities.Spratlen is a Certified Public Accountant, and prior to joining the Company, she worked for KPMG. She graduated Summa Cum Laude from Angelo State University and holds a BBA degree in Accounting.








                        Stephanie D. Stewart »
                    


                     Vice President and Chief Information Officer
                



Stephanie D. Stewart Vice President and Chief Information Officer Stewart joined Pioneer Natural Resources in June 2014 as Vice President and Chief Information Officer. Stewart has more than 20 years of information technology experience in the energy industry. Before joining Pioneer, she served as Vice President of E&P Data and Analytics and Strategic Integration at Devon Energy at the end of her 12-year tenure there. Prior to Devon, she worked at Williams Energy for four years and BP Amoco for three years.  In her current role, Stewart is responsible for the Information Technology (IT) organization, ensuring IT alignment with the business strategy and for providing innovative technical solutions. She is also an Advisory Member of Pioneer’s Management Committee.  Stewart earned a Bachelor of Business Administration from the University of Oklahoma and has her Executive MBA in Energy from the University of Oklahoma’s Price College of Business. She participated as an Executive Board Member for the Lyric Theatre of Oklahoma and is a Board Member for the University of Oklahoma Tip-In Club. Stewart was also a member of the Passion Team for the American Heart Association Go Red for Women. 








                        Thomas J. Murphy »
                    


                     Corporate Secretary
                



Thomas J. Murphy Corporate Secretary In October 2007, Murphy joined Pioneer Natural Resources to serve as Associate General Counsel - Corporate & Securities. He was named Corporate Secretary in August 2015. Murphy also served as Secretary of the general partner of Pioneer Southwest Energy Partners L.P. (PSE), a majority-owned, publicly traded subsidiary of Pioneer Natural Resources, from April 2008 until Pioneer’s acquisition of PSE in December 2013. Murphy began his career in 1987 with the Dallas-based law firm of Jackson Walker L.L.P., focusing in the areas of securities, finance and corporate governance. He received his B.S. in Management Science from Georgia Tech in 1983 and his J.D. and M.B.A. from the University of Texas in 1986.





Board Of Directors





                        Scott D. Sheffield »
                    


                     Executive Chairman of the Board
                



Scott D. Sheffield Executive Chairman of the Board Scott Sheffield held the position of Chief Executive Officer for the Company from August 1997 through December 2016. He assumed the position of Chairman of the Board of Directors for the Company in August 1999. He was President of the Company from August 1997 to November 2004. Mr. Sheffield is a distinguished graduate of The University of Texas with a Bachelor of Science degree in Petroleum Engineering. He was the Chairman of the Board of Directors and Chief Executive Officer of Parker & Parsley, a predecessor of the Company, from January 1989 until the Company was formed in August 1997. Mr. Sheffield joined Parker & Parsley as a petroleum engineer in 1979, was promoted to Vice President - Engineering in September 1981, was elected President and a Director in April 1985, and became Parker & Parsley’s Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer in January 1989. Before joining Parker & Parsley, Mr. Sheffield was employed as a production and reservoir engineer for Amoco Production Company. Mr. Sheffield also serves as a director of Santos Limited, an Australian exploration and production company.








                        Edison C. Buchanan - 3, 4 »
                    


                     Former Managing Director, Credit Suisse First Boston
                



Edison C. Buchanan Former Managing Director, Credit Suisse First Boston Edison Buchanan became a Director of the Company in 2002. Mr. Buchanan received a Bachelor of Science degree in Civil Engineering from Tulane University in 1977 and a Master of Business Administration in Finance and International Business from Columbia University Graduate School of Business in 1981. From 1981 to 1997, Mr. Buchanan was a Managing Director of various groups in the Investment Banking Division of Dean Witter Reynolds in their New York and Dallas offices. In 1997, Mr. Buchanan joined Morgan Stanley Dean Witter as a Managing Director in the Real Estate Investment Banking group. During 2000, Mr. Buchanan served as Managing Director and head of the domestic Real Estate Investment Banking Group of Credit Suisse First Boston. Mr. Buchanan also served on the Board of Directors of MFA Financial, Inc. from March 2004 through May 2011.








                        Andrew F. Cates - 3, 4 »
                    


                     Managing Member, Value Acquisition Fund
                



Andrew F. Cates Managing Member, Value Acquisition Fund Andrew Cates became a Director of the Company in June 2009. Mr. Cates earned a Bachelor of Business Administration in Finance at the University of Texas at Austin. He is the Managing Member of Value Acquisition Fund and Chief Executive Officer of RVC Outdoor Destinations, a developer and operator of outdoor resorts. Mr. Cates has acquired and asset managed commercial real estate throughout the United States within various entities, including Value Acquisition Fund, an acquisition, development, and asset management company that he founded in 2004. After starting his career in Dallas, Texas with Crow Family Holdings and Viceroy Investments, he became the Project Developer and founding Board Chairman of Soulsville, one of the largest inner city revitalization projects in the United States. In 2000, he began working with a team of civic and business leaders that attracted the Vancouver Grizzlies NBA franchise to Memphis, Tennessee in 2001. Mr. Cates serves on the boards of The Soulsville Foundation and Myelin Repair Foundation. 








                        Timothy L. Dove »
                    


                     President and Chief Executive Officer
                



Timothy L. Dove President and Chief Executive Officer Tim Dove is president and chief executive officer of Pioneer Natural Resources. He is a member of Pioneer’s management committee and also serves on Pioneer’s board of directors. Dove joined Parker & Parsley in 1994 as vice president of business development and was promoted to senior vice president in 1996 where he served until the formation of Pioneer in 1997. With Pioneer, Dove held the position of executive vice president - business development until 2000 when he was promoted to executive vice president and chief financial officer. In 2004, Dove was named the Company’s president and chief operating officer. Dove was elected to the board of directors in 2013. In 2017, he was named president and chief executive officer. Prior to joining Parker & Parsley, Dove worked for Diamond Shamrock Corporation and a successor, Maxus Energy Corporation. Dove holds a Bachelor of Science degree in mechanical engineering from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology and a Master of Business Administration from the University of Chicago.  With Dove’s leadership and guidance, Pioneer has become one of the most efficient operators among the U.S. shale resource companies. While playing an important part in Pioneer’s strategic vision, Dove led the teams who advanced horizontal drilling and completion technology into the Company’s core assets in the Permian Basin and Eagle Ford Shale.  Dove currently serves on the Corporate Development Committee of MIT and is a member of the Board of Trustees of the Jesuit College Preparatory School of Dallas Foundation. He was also a member of the Dream Dallas Advisory Council for Habitat for Humanity. He previously served as a trustee for the KidLinks Foundation, as chairman of the Dallas Wildcat Committee and as president of the Dallas Petroleum Club board of directors.









                        Phillip A. Gobe - 3, 5 »
                    


                     Former President and Chief Operating Officer, Energy Partners, Ltd.
                



Phillip A. Gobe Former President and Chief Operating Officer, Energy Partners, Ltd. Phillip Gobe joined Energy Partners, Ltd. as Chief Operating Officer in December 2004 and became President in May 2005, and served in those capacities until his retirement in September 2007. Mr. Gobe also served as a director of Energy Partners, Ltd. from November 2005 until May 2008. Prior to that, Mr. Gobe served as Chief Operating Officer of Nuevo Energy Company from February 2001 until its acquisition by Plains Exploration & Production Company in May 2004. Prior to that time, he held numerous operations and human resources positions with Vastar Resources, Inc. and Atlantic Richfield Company and its subsidiaries. Mr. Gobe served as a director of the general partner of Pioneer Southwest Energy Partners L.P. from April 2008 until its merger with Pioneer Natural Resources Company in December 2013. He is also a director and Chairman of the Compensation Committee of Scientific Drilling International, Inc. Mr. Gobe is a graduate of the University of Texas with a degree in history and earned his MBA at the University of Louisiana in Lafayette. 








                        Larry R. Grillot - 2, 5 »
                    


                     Retired Dean, Mewbourne College of Earth and Energy, The University of Oklahoma
                



Larry R. Grillot Retired Dean, Mewbourne College of Earth and Energy
The University of Oklahoma Larry Grillot became a Director of the Company in July 2013. Dr. Grillot graduated from Mississippi State University with a Bachelor of Science degree in Physics and then earned master’s and doctoral degrees in geological sciences from Brown University. Dr. Grillot was dean of the Mewbourne College of Earth and Energy at the University of Oklahoma, a position he held since 2006. He also is a member of the American Association of Petroleum Geologists, the Society of Exploration Geophysicists and the Society of Petroleum Engineers. Prior to his role at the University of Oklahoma, from 1973 until his retirement in 2003, Dr. Grillot worked for Phillips Petroleum Company in a variety of technical and managerial positions in exploration and production, including Manager of E&P Technology and Services, Upstream Technology and Project Development, Manager of International Exploration, President and Region Manager for Phillips Petroleum Canada Limited and Manager of E&P Planning.








                        Stacy P. Methvin - 3, 5 »
                    


                     Retired Vice President, Shell Oil Company
                



Stacy P. Methvin Retired Vice President, Shell Oil Company Stacy Methvin became a Director of the Company in July 2013. Ms. Methvin graduated from Princeton University with a Bachelor of Arts degree in Geological and Geophysical Sciences. From 2011 until her retirement in 2012, Ms. Methvin was Vice President, Refining Margin Optimization of Shell Oil Company (“Shell”), and from 2009 until 2010, she was Vice President, Global Distribution of Shell. Ms. Methvin also held various other operational and management roles in the upstream, downstream and chemical businesses during her tenure at Shell and its subsidiaries that began in 1979, including President, Shell Louisiana E&P Company, President, Shell Deer Park Refining Company, President Shell Pipeline Company LP, President, Shell Chemical LP, Vice President, Strategy and Portfolio for the downstream business. She also serves on the board of the Houston Zoo and is a member of the finance committee of the Board of Memorial Hermann Hospital System, the Chair of the San Jacinto Girl Scout Council and a trustee for the Springside Chestnut Hill Academy in Philadelphia. She has been an appointee on the Louisiana Governor’s Commission for Coastal Restoration and Protection since 2003.








                        Royce W. Mitchell - 2, 5 »
                    


                     Executive Consultant
                



Royce W. Mitchell Executive Consultant Royce Mitchell has been an executive consultant, focusing on advising management and audit committees of exploration and production companies, since January 2005, except for the period from April 2008 through December 2008 when he served as Chief Financial Officer of Frac Tech Services, Ltd. Mr. Mitchell served as Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Chief Accounting Officer of Key Energy Services, Inc. from January 2002 to January 2005. Before joining Key Energy Services, Inc., he was a partner with KPMG LLP from April 1986 through December 2001 specializing in the oil and gas industry. Mr. Mitchell served as a director and audit committee chairman of the general partner of Pioneer Southwest Energy Partners L.P. from April 2008 until its merger with Pioneer Natural Resources Company in December 2013. He received a BBA from Texas Tech University and is a certified public accountant. 








                        Frank A. Risch - 2, 4 »
                    


                     Retired Vice President and Treasurer, Exxon Mobil Corporation
                



Frank A. Risch Retired Vice President and Treasurer, Exxon Mobil Corporation Frank Risch became a director of the Company in August 2005. Mr. Risch holds a Bachelor of Science degree in Business Administration from Pennsylvania State University and a Master of Science degree in Industrial Administration from Carnegie Mellon University. Mr. Risch joined Exxon Corporation in 1966 as a financial analyst in New York and subsequently held various positions in finance, planning, marketing and general management with Exxon and its operating affiliates in the U.S. and abroad for nearly 38 years. Mr. Risch retired in July 2004 as Vice President and Treasurer (and principal financial officer) of Exxon Mobil Corporation. Mr. Risch currently serves on the Board of Directors of the general partner of Susser Petroleum Partners LP, a master limited partnership engaged primarily in the wholesale motor fuel distribution business, and is a member of the Business Board of Advisors of the Tepper School of Business at Carnegie Mellon University. He is active in civic and community organizations, serving as Immediate Past Chairman and Life Trustee of the Board of the Dallas Theater Center; Chairman of the Board of Communities Foundation of Texas; and member of the Boards of the ATT Performing Arts Center, Dallas CASA (Court Appointed Special Advocates) and the Dallas Holocaust Museum. He is a member of Financial Executives International.








                        Mona K. Sutphen - 3, 5 »
                    


                     Partner, Macro Advisory Partners LLP
                



Mona K. Sutphen Partner, Macro Advisory Partners LLP Mona Sutphen was named a Director of the Company in 2015. Ms. Sutphen is a Partner at Macro Advisory Partners LLP, and previously spent three years at UBS AG as Managing Director, covering geopolitical risk and macro-policy trends. From 2009 through 2011, she served as White House Deputy Chief of Staff for Policy for President Obama, working on a range of domestic and international policy and regulatory matters. Prior to that position, she was Managing Director at Stonebridge International, and from 1991 through 2000 was a career diplomat, serving on the staff of the National Security Council, the U.S. Mission to the UN and postings in Asia and Europe.  Ms. Sutphen is a Member of the President’s Intelligence Advisory Board. She serves on the Boards of Drilling Info Holdings LLC, the International Rescue Committee and Human Rights First. Ms. Sutphen is a member of the Council on Foreign Relations, a Trustee of Mount Holyoke College and is on the Advisory Board of the Center for Global Energy Policy at Columbia University. She is co-author of The Next American Century: How the US Can Thrive As Other Powers Rise, and holds a BA degree from Mount Holyoke College and an MSc degree from the London School of Economics.









                        J. Kenneth Thompson - 1, 3, 4 »
                    


                     President and CEO, Pacific Star Energy LLC
                



J. Kenneth Thompson President and CEO, Pacific Star Energy LLC J. Kenneth Thompson became a Director of the Company in August 2011. He received a Bachelor of Science degree in Petroleum Engineering from Missouri University of Science & Technology. He has served as the President and Chief Executive Officer of Pacific Star Energy LLC, a privately held oil and gas investment firm in Alaska, since September 2000, and as Managing Director of Alaska Venture Capital Group LLC, a privately held oil and gas exploration company in which Pacific Star Energy LLC owns an interest, from December 2004 to December 2012. Mr. Thompson’s experience includes serving as Executive Vice President of Atlantic Richfield Company’s (“ARCO”) Asia Pacific oil and gas operating companies in Alaska, California, Indonesia, China and Singapore from 1998 to 2000, and President and Chief Executive Officer of ARCO Alaska, Inc., the parent company’s oil and gas producing division based in Anchorage, from June 1994 to January 1998. He also served as executive head of ARCO’s oil and gas research and technology center from 1993 to 1994. Mr. Thompson also serves as a director of Coeur d'Alene Mines Corporation, a company engaged in the operation, ownership, development and exploration of silver and gold mining property, Alaska Air Group, Inc., a holding company for Alaska Airlines and Horizon Air Industries, and Tetra Tech, Inc., an engineering consulting firm.








                        Phoebe A. Wood - 2, 4 »
                    


                     Retired Vice Chairman and Chief Financial Officer, Brown-Forman Corporation
                



Phoebe A. Wood Retired Vice Chairman and Chief Financial Officer, Brown-Forman Corporation Phoebe Wood became a Director of the Company in July 2013. Ms. Wood graduated from Smith College with an A.B. degree in Psychology and then earned a Master of Business Administration from the University of California Los Angeles. Since 2008, Ms. Wood has been a principal at CompaniesWood, a consulting firm specializing in early stage investments. She was Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Brown-Forman Corporation, a diversified consumer products manufacturer, from 2001 to 2006, and Vice Chairman and Chief Financial Officer from 2006 to 2008. Prior to Brown-Forman Corporation, Ms. Wood was Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and a Director of Propel Corporation (a subsidiary of Motorola) from 2000 to 2001. Previously, Ms. Wood served in various capacities during her tenure at ARCO from 1976 to 2000. Ms. Wood currently serves on the Boards of Directors of Coca-Cola Enterprises Inc., a major bottler and distributor of Coca-Cola products, Invesco Ltd., a global investment management company, and Leggett & Platt, Incorporated, a diversified manufacturer, as well as on the boards of trustees for the University of Louisville, the Gheens Foundation and the American Printing House for the Blind.








                        Michael D. Wortley - 2, 4 »
                    


                     Chief Legal Officer, Reata Pharmaceuticals, Inc.
                



Michael D. Wortley Chief Legal Officer, Reata Pharmaceuticals, Inc.  Michael Wortley was named a Director of the Company in 2015. Mr. Wortley has practiced corporate law for over 35 years, focusing primarily on corporate governance matters and mergers and acquisitions, including over 25 years in management positions. He has represented public and private entities and private equity funds in connection with mergers, asset sales, issuances of securities and restructurings.  Mr. Wortley was a partner in the Dallas, Texas, office of Vinson & Elkins LLP from 1995 to 2014 and served in various capacities, including Chief Operating Partner of the firm and Managing Partner of the Dallas office. Prior to joining Vinson & Elkins, he was an attorney with Johnson & Wortley, P.C. (which prior to 1993 was known as Johnson & Swanson or Johnson & Gibbs) from 1978 to 1995 and served in various capacities, including President and Chairman of the Board. Mr. Wortley has also served on both for-profit public company boards and non-profit boards of trustees. He holds BA and JD degrees from Southern Methodist University and a Master’s degree in Regional Planning from the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill. He is currently the Chief Legal Officer for Reata Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 



COMMITTEE MEMBERSHIP 1 Lead Director
2 Audit Committee
3 Compensation and Leadership Development 
   Committee
4 Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee
5 Health, Safety and Environment Committee
















#57 Scott D Sheffield - Forbes.com


















Home
Business
Tech
Markets
Entrepreneurs
Leadership
Personal Finance
ForbesLife
Lists
Opinions
Video
Blogs
E-mail Newsletters
Portfolio Tracker
Special Reports
Commerce
Energy
Health Care
Logistics
Manufacturing
Media
Services
Technology
Wall Street
Washington
CIO Network
Enterprise Tech
Infoimaging
Internet Infrastructure
Internet
Personal Tech
Sciences
Security
Wireless
Bonds
Commodities
Currencies
Economy
Emerging Markets
Equities
Options
Finance
Human Resources
Law & Taxation
Sales & Marketing
Management
Technology
Careers
Compensation
Corporate Citizenship
Corporate Governance
Managing
Innovation
CEO Network
Reference
ETFs
Guru Insights
Investing Ideas
Investor Education
Mutual Funds
Philanthropy
Retirement & College
Taxes & Estates
Collecting
Health
Real Estate
Sports
Style
Travel
Vehicles
Wine & Food
100 Top Celebrities
400 Richest Americans
Largest Private Cos
World's Richest People
All Forbes Lists
Business Opinions
Investing
Technology Opinions
Washington & The World
Companies
People
Reference
Technology
Companies
Events
People
Reference
Companies
People
Companies
Events
People
Reference
Companies
Events
People
Reference































CEO Compensation
#57 Scott D Sheffield

04.04.12, 12:00 PM EDT










 Frank R Martire


 David N Farr







Total Compensation
$20.05 mil
5-Year Compensation
$51.79 mil
Education:
College: University of Texas Austin SB '75
Graduate School: NA




Scott D Sheffield has been CEO of Pioneer Natural Res
	(PXD) for 15 years.
	Mr. Sheffield has been with the company for 33 years.
	The 59 year old executive ranks 6 within Oil & Gas Operations


Performance Vs. Pay


Scott D SheffieldPioneer Natural Res


Rank65 / 2066-Year Annual Total Return18%


6-Year Average Compensation$9.03 mil6-Year Return Relative To Industry109


6-Year Return Relative To Market114


Relative returns: 100 equals the market or industry.




Scott D Sheffield's Compensation vs. Oil & Gas Operations Medians


Salary$0.96 mil$0.96 mil


Bonus$1.72 mil$1.95 mil


Other$17.38 mil$2.86 mil


Stock GainsNA$0.00 mil


Total Compensation$20.05 mil$7.39 mil





Scott D Sheffield Ownership Of Pioneer Natural Res


Industry Medians


Stock Owned (% Of Co)0.63%0.14%


Stock Owned$83.0 mil$0.03 mil


Pioneer Natural Res's Stock Performance


Total Return During Tenure7%


Relative to Market102




Pioneer Natural Res

(PXD: quote,
				news)
				
5205 North O'Connor BoulevardIrving, TX 75039Texas


www.pxd.com








 Frank R Martire


 David N Farr




CEO Compensation

Complete Coverage | Complete Rankings



Methodology: 
	Compensation rank is based on total compensation for latest fiscal year. Total compensation for each chief executive includes the following: salary and bonuses; other compensation, such as vested restricted stock grants, LTIP payouts and perks; and stock gains, the value realized by exercising stock options. Efficiency rank is based on our chief executive's performance/pay score. Ranks are given only to chief executives who have a six-year tenure and six-year compensation history. The most efficient rank is 1 and least efficient is 206.

Footnotes: 
	Compensation data is from the latest available proxy statements filed through Mar. 23, 2012. Total returns and value of stock owned (including all classes) is based on Mar. 14, 2011 stock price. Compensation percent change is based on combined salary and bonus. Annualized total return during tenure covers the tenure of the executive or from the time of the IPO or available stock history. Relative to market is the ending value of $100 invested in the stock, divided by the ending value of $1 invested in the S & P 500 (a score of 100 = the S & P 500). NA: Not available or not applicable.  
1Annualized.
	2Four-year total.
	3Three-year total.
	4Less than 0.01%.
	5Prior-year data.
	6New chief executive; compensation may be for another executive office.
	7Less than $100,000.
	8Includes shares indirectly held.
	*Return is for less than tenure.
	
Sources: Company SEC filings; Interactive Data, LionShares and Thomson Reuters Fundamentals via FactSet Research Systems; Forbes.






How To Craft A Job Search Elevator PitchLytro's Photographic BreakthroughMarrying Two Genres ?” True Crime And Animal Rescue ?” And The Book Deals That FollowedMarquese Scott: An Overnight Sensation?


Read All Comments




































Scott D Sheffield, CEO Compensation -  Forbes.com
























 
























 




 





 





 




Jump | Free Trial Issue



Search Quote








Select Section
Home
Investment Newsletters
Polls & Discussions
Premium Tools
Special Reports
Video & Audio
Watchlist
IT Research Library
IT Product & Service Search
Forbes Digital Tool

Business
-Manufacturing
-Technology
-Commerce
-Services
-Energy
-Healthcare
-Logistics

Technology
-E-Business
-Enterprise Tech
-Infoimaging
-Intelligent Infrastructure
-Personal Tech
-Sciences & Medicine
-Wireless
-CIO Network
-Digital Entertainment

Markets
-Equities
-Economy
-Commodities
-Bonds
-Emerging Markets
-Currencies

Entrepreneurs
-Finance
-Human Resources
-Law & Taxation
-Sales & Marketing
-Management
-Technology

Work
-Careers
-Compensation
-Management

Lists
-Companies
--Forbes Global 2000
--200 Best Small Cos.
--400 Best Big Cos.
--Largest Private Cos.

-People
--World\'s Richest People
--100 Top Celebrities
--400 Richest Americans
--Best Paid CEOs

-Places
--Best Places

Personal Finance
-Estate Planning
-Funds
-Philanthropy
-Retirement
-Strategies
-Taxes

Lifestyle
-Collecting
-Health
-Real Estate
-Sport
-Travel
-Vehicles
-Wine & Food
-Good Life Experience

Opinions

Magazines
-Forbes Magazine
-Forbes Global
-Forbes FYI
-Best of the Web
-Archives
-Subscriptions

Tools

About Us
Contact Us
Help
Reprints/Permissions
Sitemap

Advertising
Conferences
Forbes Collection
Forbes Mobile
Special Advertising





 











U.S.  |  EUROPE  |  ASIA
HOME PAGE FOR THE WORLD'S BUSINESS LEADERS












    HOME 
  
 BUSINESS 
  
 TECHNOLOGY 
  
 MARKETS 
  
 ENTREPRENEURS 
  
 WORK 
  
 PERSONAL FINANCE 
  
 LIFESTYLE 
  
 LISTS 
  
 OPINIONS 


  Home > Lists > CEO Pay >
Scott D Sheffield






< Previous

Next >



Scott D SheffieldTotal Compensation
$7.33 mil (#198)

5-Year Compensation Total
$16.62 mil

Scott D Sheffield has been CEO of Pioneer Natural Res (PXD) for 9 years. Mr. Sheffield has been with the company for 27 years .The 53 year old executive ranks 16 within Oil & Gas Operations

Education
College: University of Texas Austin SB '75
Graduate School: NA
 

      








Performance Vs. Pay



Rank: 82 / 189

   

Pioneer Natural Res

6-Year Annual Total Return

29%



Mr. Sheffield

6-Year Average Compensation
$3.03 mil

6-Year Return Relative to Industry

106



6-Year Return Relative to Market

130



Relative returns: 100 equals the market or industry.

 







Scott D Sheffield's Compensation Vs. Oil & Gas Operations Medians



Salary



$0.83 mil 

      



$1.00 mil 



Bonus

$0.95 mil 

$1.93 mil 



Other

$3.26 mil 

$1.83 mil 



Stock Gains

$2.30 mil 

$1.93 mil 







Total Compensation

$7.33 mil



$9.76 mil 



Data Contributor







Pioneer Natural Res
(PXD: quote, news, executives)

5205 North O'Connor BoulevardIrving, TX 75039Texas972-444-9001972-969-3576

www.pioneernrc.com




Scott D Sheffield's Ownership Of Pioneer Natural Res





Industry Medians



Stock Owned (% of Co)

 0.32% 

0.18% 



Stock Owned

 $18.2 mil 

$0.03 mil 



 



Pioneer Natural Res's Stock Performance




 



Total Return During Tenure

 2% 



Relative to Market

 97 









< Previous

Next >



Sort List By:
Rank |
Name |
Age |
Company |
Efficiency
Total Compensation |
5 Year Compensation |
Market Value

Methodology:
Compensation rank is based on total compensation for latest fiscal year. Total compensation for each chief executive includes the following: salary and bonuses; other compensation, such as vested restricted stock grants, LTIP payouts and perks; and stock gains, the value realized by exercising stock options. Efficiency rank is based on our chief executive's performance/pay score. Ranks are given only to chief executives who have a six-year tenure and six-year compensation history.  The most efficient rank is 1 and least efficient is 189. Compensation rank is based on total compensation for latest fiscal year.

Footnotes:
Total returns and value of stock owned (including all classes) is based on Mar. 30, 2006 stock price. Compensation percent change is based on combined salary and bonus. Annualized total return during tenure covers the tenure of the executive or from the time of the IPO or available stock history. Relative to market is the ending value of $100 invested in the stock, divided by the ending value of $1 invested in the S&P 500 (a score of 100 = the S&P 500). NA: Not available or not applicable. NM: Not meaningful.
1Annualized.
2Four-year total.
3Three-year total.
4Less than 0.01%.
5Prior-year data.
6New chief executive; compensation may be for another executive office.
7Less than $100,000.
8Received options or restricted stock in lieu of portion of salary.
9Received options or restricted stock in lieu of portion of bonus.
10Includes shares indirectly held.

Sources: Latest available company proxy statements; FT Interactive Data via FactSet Research Systems; Hemscott, Inc.(www.hemscottdata.com)








A D V E R T I S E M E N T










SitemapHelpContact Forbes.comInvestment NewslettersForbes ConferencesForbes Magazines


Ad Information  
Forbes.com Wireless  
RSS   
Reprints/Permissions  
Subscriber Services  

©  Forbes.com Inc.   All Rights Reserved  
Privacy Statement  
Terms, Conditions and Notices




Delivered By

Tested By

Market Data By




Stock quotes are delayed at least 15 minutes for Nasdaq, at least 20 minutes for NYSE/AMEX.
U.S. indexes are delayed at least 15 minutes with the exception of Nasdaq, Dow Jones Industrial Average and S&P 500 which are 2 minutes delayed. Disclaimer
Forbes 40 Index powered by Telemet.
News may include latest headlines from Reuters.
Exchange trademark and copyright notices.

Powered By








Sheffield, Scott D. - The Wall Street Transcript













































 





































Scott D. Sheffield
SCOTT D. SHEFFIELD went through high school in Tehran, Iran, the son of
an ARCO executive. Upon graduating from the University of Texas, he
began his career as a reservoir engineer with AMOCO. In 1979, Mr.
Sheffield became the fifth employee of Parker & Parsley Petroleum in
Midland, Texas, where he was the sole staff engineer. He was named CEO
in 1984 of Parker & Parsley, then a $32 million company, and was elected
Chairman of the Board in 1991 of the newly listed public company. Parker
& Parsley was included in Newsweek’s 1993 list of fastest growing
companies in America and reached $1.5 billion in size by 1997. He is
known for his informal management style and his team approach to
decision-making. Mr. Sheffield has been active in the mergers and
acquisitions arena, culminating in the formation of Pioneer Natural
Resources. He has been President and CEO of Pioneer since August of
1997. The merger of Parker and Parsley with MESA formed one of the
largest exploration and production companies in the U.S.  Pioneer
operates not only in the U.S., but also in Canada, Argentina, Gabon and
South Africa with over 762 million barrels of oil equivalents in
reserves. Appointed to the National Petroleum Counsel in 1994, Mr.
Sheffield also serves on various industry related and education –
oriented boards. He and his wife reside in Dallas, Texas. In his spare
time, he enjoys snow skiing, fly-fishing and traveling worldwide.
Related Interviews:Scott D. Sheffield -  Pioneer Natural Resources (pxd)September 09, 1998







CartLatest NewsJames Abate of Centre Asset Management Sees Consumer Demand Driving New Stock HighsMalcolm E. Polley of Stewart Capital and How to Play the Health Care StocksTimothy Biltz, CEO of Lumos Networks Identifies the Key Component for Future 5G NetworksThe Wall Street Transcript is a completely unique resource for investors and business researchers.Over 20,000 CEO, Equity Analyst and Money Manager InterviewsSubscribe now!Sign Up For Newsletter Weekly email with New In-Depth Interviews


Email: 



Most Popular InterviewsDelivering Long-Term Results with a Risk-Managed Growth FundJames A. Abate Published July 20, 2017 in Investing StrategiesCompanies covered: AMAT JNJ COH RL COG NVDA ADBE ATVI KLAC AMZN NFLX GOOG FB GLW MU 005930 000660 WFM JWN CMG GPS EQT RICE SPLS Buy ($25)Finding Investments with Favorable Risk and Reward OpportunitiesHenry  Beukema Published July 19, 2017 in Investing StrategiesCompanies covered: ORCL MSFT NSRGY AMZN WFM LRLCY AGN LNR Buy ($25)Better Returns and Lower Risk in the Midcap SpaceMalcolm E. Polley Published July 18, 2017 in Investing StrategiesCompanies covered: PRAA HURN FII FL NKE AMZN WFM WBA RAD Buy ($25)Most Popular ReportsWireless Communications & Telecom Published July 14, 2017Buy ($175)Investing Strategies Published July 11, 2017Buy ($175)Investing Strategies Published June 30, 2017Buy ($175) 






Top Company Interviews






Register for a Free Account to gain greater access to
            The Wall Street Transcript right now




CEO INTERVIEWSInterview with the President and CEO: Lumos Networks Corp. (NASDAQ:LMOS)Interview with the Corporate VP of Business Development, Strategy and Investor Relations: DSP Group, Inc. (NASDAQ:DSPG)Interview with the CEO and Director: Tactile Systems Technology, Inc. (NASDAQ:TCMD) 

SECTOR ROUNDTABLESNatural Gas Weighs Heavy On E&P Near-Term ProspectsRoundtable Forum:optimism Despite Uncertainty In For-profit EducationRoundtable Forum:a Shift In Focus To Natural Gas From Oil 

MONEY MANAGER INTERVIEWSDelivering Long-Term Results with a Risk-Managed Growth FundFinding Investments with Favorable Risk and Reward OpportunitiesBetter Returns and Lower Risk in the Midcap Space 

ANALYST INTERVIEWSAnalyzing the Secular Drivers Within Communications Infrastructure and TelecomSatellite Companies Benefiting from Growth in Data TrafficIncreased Focus on Content as Consumers Shift to Digital Consumption 




Subscribe Today!







                Since 1963
                © The Wall Street Transcript 1997-2016
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy  
            





https://www.twst.com/wp-admin/admin-ajax.php

Pin It on Pinterest





































Share This





Twitter





Facebook





Google+





Gmail





LinkedIn








































×





Join now for free!
Already a member?






First Name 





Last Name 





Email address *








Create new account
 


or create an account with a social network.

Join with Facebook


Join with Twitter


Join with Google








Username or Email address: *





Password: *






LoginJoin now! | Forgot password?
 


or login using a social network


Log in with Facebook


Log in with Twitter


Log in with Google




















SHALE Magazine: Scott Sheffield - Petroleum Pioneer









































































































	  Monday, July 24, 2017   


			Latest:		


What You Need To Know In Oil And Gas Today – 7.20.2017


What You Need To Know In Oil And Gas Today – 7.18.2017


Motor Oil Tip of the Week – 07/18/2017


What You Need To Know In Oil And Gas Today – 7.17.2017


What You Need To Know In Oil And Gas Today – 7.14.2017





 







 


SHALE Oil & Gas Business Magazine






 















Uncategorized 


   			Scott Sheffield – Petroleum Pioneer in the Eagle Ford   		


 July 17, 2015August 10, 2015
Katie Carmichael
1490 Views
 0 Comments
monroe energy, oil & gas industry, pbf energy, permian basin, permian basin petroleum association, philadelphia energy solution, pioneer natural resources, scott sheffield, shale, texas oil and gas association

Scott Sheffield
For many, the word “pioneer” evokes iconic imagery of the first American settlers — romantically rugged and sun-soaked — who braved new, unforgiving terrain and adverse conditions in the name of posterity and prosperity.
These early pioneers are responsible for igniting the evolution of the United States from a fledgling, uncharted territory into the world power that it is today, and they embody the first notions of pursuing the American dream.
But what comes to mind when thinking of modern-day pioneers, and do any even still exist? To answer this question, look no further than an impressive, granite-covered office complex in Irving, Texas.
Scott Sheffield — an unassuming, down-to-earth yet phenomenally successful businessman in his early 60s — is truly a modern-day pioneer, a title he appropriately shares with the large, independent oil and gas company that he leads as chief executive officer and chairman of the board.
Sheffield’s forward-thinking leadership and intuition, fine-tuned by nearly a lifetime of experience in the industry, have positioned the company as a leader in the oil and gas sector
Pioneer Natural Resources was officially formed in 1997, when the Parker & Parsley Petroleum Company, formerly headed by Sheffield, merged with MESA Inc. Since that time, Pioneer has grown to become one of the most prominent independent producers in the country with approximately 4,000 employees and annual revenue exceeding $4 billion.
Even in the midst of a cyclical industry downturn, the company is poised to continue its growth and revenue trajectories.
Pioneer’s success is largely attributed to Sheffield, although his humility would never allow him to take all of the credit. Sheffield’s forward-thinking leadership and intuition, fine-tuned by nearly a lifetime of experience in the industry, have positioned the company as a leader in the oil and gas sector.
Next Frontier: Oil Exports
Repealing Restrictions
One new horizon Sheffield is pursuing is crude oil exports. Not only is the CEO at the forefront of the debate, rallying the troops in an effort to repeal the 40-year-old federal ban, he also chartered the discovery of a new conduit for U.S. companies to move petroleum products abroad.
On December 22, 1975, President Gerald Ford signed into law the Energy Policy and Conservation Act, which, in part, banned the export of American crude oil, ostensibly in response to the Arab oil embargo of the 1970s.
In the decades since, the global landscape has changed dramatically. Geopolitical powers have shifted and re-shifted, regimes have risen and fallen, and the discovery of domestic unconventional resources has led to a tremendous increase in the amount of oil and natural gas the U.S. is producing.
In fact, the U.S. Energy Information Administration reports that the surge in oil production growth in 2014 was the largest volume increase since record keeping began more than 100 years ago, a staggering 1.2 million barrels of oil equivalent per day (BOEPD) increase to equal a total of 8.7 million BOEPD for the year.
With this huge boost in production, the U.S. has surpassed historically top oil producers, such as Russia and Saudi Arabia. A report from Columbia University’s Center on Global Energy Policy lays out the argument: “Increased U.S. crude production can weaken the economic power, fiscal strength and geopolitical influence of other large oil producing countries.” The report also notes that allowing crude oil exports will provide for “greater U.S. diplomatic leverage in future application of sanctions or pursuits of other objectives.”
Lifting the ban would mean huge economic benefits for the U.S. as well. According to IHS Energy, allowing exports could spur investments of nearly $750 billion, as well as increase the GDP by $135 billion as a result of the uptick in production. Additionally, the balance of trade would be significantly impacted, narrowing the trade deficit by $22.3 billion in 2020, according to ICF International.

The repeal has the potential to create thousands of new jobs and put money directly back into consumers’ pockets. It’s projected that U.S. consumers could save, on average, up to $5.8 billion per year over the next two decades as a result of lower gas or fuel prices. Predictions on job growth range from about 300,000 to 400,000 newly created jobs, with the highest estimate peaking around 1 million in 2018. And investment-led economic expansion and lower unemployment rates would lead to a significant boost in American households’ disposable income.
By far the most significant benefit is to domestic oil producers, who are undeniably on an uneven playing field with the rest of the world. West Texas Intermediate (WTI), the light sweet crude oil produced in the state, has seen a price differential of as much as $20 less than Brent, the typical benchmark for pricing on the international market.
“It’s our domestic price versus the world price,” Sheffield explains. “Just a $10 swing will make a difference of whether we’re increasing production 2 million barrels a day long-term, or decreasing production 2 million barrels a day.”
Sheffield points out that it is not just the oil producers who are getting a lesser deal per barrel, but also individual royalty owners — who collect payments on a percentage of oil sales — and the federal and state governments that hold production on publicly owned lands.
“[Lifting the crude oil export ban] gets what should be a fair price for all constituents of the oil and gas industry,” Sheffield says.
He has long been an outspoken advocate for exports and has made multiple trips to Washington, D.C. with his team and other energy CEOs. In March, Sheffield testified before the U.S. House Subcommittee on Energy and Power in support of lifting the outdated restrictions.
“I think the comments were very well received,” Sheffield says, adding that the critical impacts on national security and job creation, and the importance of getting a competitive price were key points in the discussions.
In conjunction with legislative efforts in D.C., Sheffield is a founding member of the Producers for American Crude Oil Exports (PACE), an industry group aimed at sharing factual information with elected officials and the public about the benefits of allowing U.S. producers to sell crude oil in global markets.
“Ryan Lance, the chairman and CEO of ConocoPhillips, and I got together about a year ago,” Sheffield recalls of the group’s organic origins. “We had a discussion about this point, and we began soliciting members to join the group.”
PACE membership also includes Anadarko Petroleum, Apache, Chesapeake Energy, Concho Resources, Devon Energy, Encana, EOG Resources, EP Energy, Hess, Laredo Petroleum, Marathon Oil, Noble Energy, Occidental Petroleum and WPX Energy.
“We hope that we can get a bipartisan bill through both the Senate and the House sometime this fall,” Sheffield says, although he knows there are still significant obstacles to overcome in the meantime.
First, not everyone agrees that exporting crude oil is the best move for the U.S., specifically some inland refiners.
Consumers and Refiners United for Domestic Energy (CRUDE) was recently formed by four refiners — Philadelphia Energy Solutions, Alon USA Energy, PBF Energy and Monroe Energy — with the purpose of maintaining the current restriction on crude oil exports. The group says reversing the ban will actually cause gasoline prices to go up — not down — and cites potential unintended consequences to the economy, energy independence and national security.
But Sheffield sees it differently.
“Their point is that if U.S. crude gets the same price as world crude, they’ll go under,” the oil executive says.
Yet prohibiting crude exports puts the oil industry in a precarious position, which is further compounded by the current pricing slump, as well as oversupply and lack of storage.
“If current trends continue and the export ban is not lifted, U.S. shale oil production will flatten or decline by disproportionate volumes versus our overseas competitors, diminishing the profound benefits of the shale revolution,” Sheffield said in a testimony before Congress.
He is also concerned with the timing of when such a bill would go before Congress.
“The biggest concern, sad to say, is that most politicians are worried about the price of gasoline,” Sheffield says, referring to elected officials’ hesitancy to cause discontent among voters, who often have knee-jerk reactions to any increase at the pump.
In reality, U.S. gasoline is priced off global gasoline prices, not domestic crude prices, and Sheffield points to various independent studies that show that repealing the crude oil export ban will benefit U.S. consumers by putting downward pressure on gasoline prices due to increased global oil supplies.
Nevertheless, Sheffield admits that the vote could easily be delayed if the price of gasoline is going up at the time.
Ideally, he says, Congress would approve the repeal within the next few months, but he realistically gives it a 50-50 chance of passing this year.
Pioneering Condensate Exports
While Pioneer’s chairman homed in on the larger issue of crude oil exports, that didn’t distract him from finding a clever way around it.
In 2011, while other oil producers were riding high on solid prices and a newfound abundance of shale resources, Sheffield was beginning to see the writing on the wall.
The excess oil produced domestically must go somewhere, typically to the Gulf Coast or Cushing, Oklahoma — the delivery point for WTI futures contracts.
“I was worried about the storage issues like they’re having today and moving [oil] down to the Gulf Coast,” he says about his early calculations.
And he was right to be concerned. This March, crude oil storage at Cushing reached 54.4 million barrels, the highest volume on record. The 70.8 million barrels of storage capacity represents more than 60 percent of crude oil working storage space in the Midwest.
In addition to the glut at Cushing, West Texas has been grappling with production that is outpacing takeaway capacity. In May, the region also experienced significant pipeline disruptions. This created record levels of stockpiles and forced oil to be diverted to Cushing instead of the Gulf Coast, further compounding storage issues.
But back before this congestion was making headlines, Sheffield had the keen insight to anticipate such events.
“We researched the 1975 law in regard to the ban on oil exports and realized there was a mechanism that if you had condensate that was processed, like we have in the Eagle Ford play, there’s a chance that the Commerce Department would agree with us and consider it processed condensate,” Sheffield recalls.
To everyone’s surprise, the U.S. Commerce Department issued a private ruling approving Pioneer’s request to export condensate in less than a month.
Sheffield and his team were the first to uncover an overlooked loophole, buried deep in various sections of archaic laws and government codes. Section 754.2(a) of the Export Administration Regulations states: “Lease condensate that has been processed through a crude oil distillation tower is not crude oil but a petroleum product.” As long as the crude oil has undergone stabilization and distillation, it can be considered a refined petroleum product, and therefore may be exported with far fewer restrictions.
In July 2014, Pioneer exported its first shipment of condensate, making it the first U.S. company to export the petroleum product under current restrictions
Sheffield admits that credit must be given to the Obama administration as well.
“Instead of lifting the ban outright, which is what they should do, they’re giving a little bit to the industry to allow this [oversupply] problem to at least get pushed back,” Sheffield explains.
In July 2014, Pioneer exported its first shipment of condensate, making it the first U.S. company to export the petroleum product under current restrictions. The company exported 10,000 barrels per day (BPD) of Eagle Ford condensate to Asia and Europe last year. In 2015, Pioneer is exporting approximately 20,000 BPD, with significantly improved pricing compared to domestic sales.


NEW YORK, NY – AUGUST 22: Chairman and CEO Scott Sheffield of Pioneer Natural Resources rings the Opening Bell at the New York Stock Exchange on August 22, 2012 in New York City. (Photo Ben Hider/NYSE Euronext)

.
After news of the Commerce Department’s ruling broke, several companies followed suit. Enterprise Products Partners, Royal Dutch Shell, BHP Billiton, BP, Trafigura, Cima Energy (a Texas-based Mitsubishi Corporation affiliate), NuStar and Cheniere Energy are currently exporting or in the process of exporting condensate.
a pioneer in the making
Sheffield’s rise to the upper echelons of the oil industry was not by chance or luck, and it certainly did not happen overnight. His journey to the top has been nearly a lifetime in the making.
His father, Hugh D. Sheffield, was a petroleum engineer and executive at Atlantic Richfield Company, also known as ARCO. Sheffield was born in Dallas, and in 1966, the family moved to Tehran, Iran, where Sheffield attended high school.
From his time in Iran, the future CEO learned several lessons about life and the world that have undoubtedly shaped his perspective today.
“You learn to appreciate foreign cultures when you live there,” the Texas native says. “You have to learn to live in and appreciate their environment.”
This heightened sense of respect is a trait that Sheffield has maintained throughout his life, and one of the attributes that makes him so beloved by his employees at Pioneer.
Time abroad also provided an enhanced understanding and unique perspective on the geopolitical intricacies that have an impact on foreign relations and the oil industry, as well as an ingrained sense of gratitude for life back home.
“You get a greater appreciation for the U.S. … all the things that we have in this country that we don’t think about versus living in a foreign culture,” Sheffield says.
Upon graduating from high school in 1970, Sheffield returned to the U.S. to attend college at The University of Texas at Austin. Although he loved math and science, the college freshman initially felt the urge to carve his own path.
“I rebelled against my father and signed up for pre-law,” Sheffield says somewhat jokingly.
It didn’t take long for Sheffield, and the university, to realize that pre-law was not the right fit. “I flunked out of college,” Sheffield admits with a grin, quickly clarifying, “they called it a forced withdrawal.”
Although Sheffield came close to joining the ranks of modern-day millionaires who never graduated from college, his father stepped in and gave his son a harsh dose of reality. In what Sheffield calls “a game-changing event,” he was sent to roughneck on an offshore rig for about four months.
“You need to focus and get an education is what it taught me, and not party and have fun,” Sheffield reflects.
He returned to school after his semester off with new zest, switched majors and surpassed minimum requirements for continued enrollment, achieving an almost perfect grade point average that semester.
Sheffield graduated from The University of Texas in 1975 with a Bachelor of Science in petroleum engineering and went to work as a production and reservoir engineer for Amoco in Odessa, Texas. He stayed with the company for about four and a half years, primarily working on enhanced oil recovery projects in West Texas.
In 1979, fate came knocking. Sheffield accepted a position at the Parker & Parsley Petroleum Company, a small, independent oil company, making him the fifth employee and the only engineer on staff at that time. The intimate environment was exactly what the young engineer needed to flourish.
“I basically was taught by the founders at Parker & Parsley everything you can know about the oil and gas industry,” Sheffield says. “I learned more just in a year with them than I did [in] five years with a major oil company.”
Two years after joining the company, Sheffield was named vice president of engineering. In 1985, the founders of Parker & Parsley sold their interest in the business, and Sheffield stepped up as president and a director on the board.
In 1989, Sheffield and his management team made the prudent decision to purchase the company from the owner at the time, a financial real estate company that was teetering on bankruptcy. Shortly after gaining control of the company, Sheffield was named chairman of the board of directors and CEO. In 1991, the new leader took the company public.
In 1997, Sheffield skillfully navigated the merger between Parker & Parsley Petroleum Company and MESA Inc., forming Pioneer Natural Resources. Today, he is the CEO and chairman of the board of directors of one of the top-performing oil and gas producers in the country.
Secret to Success
As a seasoned veteran of the industry, the current oil pricing slump is not exactly Sheffield’s first rodeo. “Going through five downturns, you gain experience,” he says.
Through that experience, the oil executive has perfected the recipe for success in the industry. Simply put: good rocks, good books and, most importantly, good people.
Good Rocks
“We have some of the best shale rocks in the country, in both the Permian Basin in West Texas and the Eagle Ford,” Sheffield says.
But that wasn’t always the case. If not for Sheffield’s sensibility and intuitive decision-making, Pioneer very well could have missed some of its greatest opportunities.
In the mid-1990s, major oil companies began divesting large portions of their U.S. acreage, convinced that domestic production had matured, and diverted attention and resources overseas.
Sheffield chose a slightly different path.
“That time period is when we made most of our acquisitions from the major oil companies in the Spraberry and Wolfcamp field,” Sheffield says. Located in the Permian Basin, the Spraberry and Wolfcamp Shale play is one of the nation’s oldest producing oil fields and was often overlooked at the time.

The company also dabbled in the international arena, achieving success in the deepwater Gulf of Mexico, Africa and Argentina.
But by the early 2000s, the newly discovered Barnett Shale in North Texas was turning attention back home, as it was the first shale formation heavily produced by the combination of horizontal drilling and hydraulic fracturing. Shale plays quickly became the new hot topic.
“In 2005, we made the decision to exit, over time, all of those [international] businesses and refocus our staff,” Sheffield says, noting that Pioneer was somewhat late to the party in the Barnett Shale. “We said there has to be shale under our South Texas and Permian Basin properties.”
A handful of years later, in 2009, the first horizontal well was drilled in the Eagle Ford Shale in South Texas, unleashing a frenzy of drilling activity in the once-quiet region.
While the CEO was right in thinking there may be shale under Pioneer’s South Texas properties, the real breakthrough was yet to come.
“I saw a presentation in 2011 by our geosciences staff that was sort of the game changer for the company,” Sheffield remembers. “The game changer was really the Permian Basin: the Spraberry and Wolfcamp field.”
That presentation revealed that Pioneer was already sitting on billions of barrels of recoverable oil, literally right under their feet.
“This was a 10-billion-barrel discovery on our own lands, most of it held by production, right outside of Midland, Texas,” Sheffield remarks of the tremendous find.
Today, Pioneer is the largest acreage holder in the Permian Basin, boasting a 100-year-plus inventory and more than 20,000 drilling locations. From its first well drilled in 2011 to 2014, Spraberry/Wolfcamp production has more than doubled, increasing from 45,000 to 99,000 BOEPD.
It could be said that Sheffield initiated the resurgence of the mighty Permian Basin.
Last year, Pioneer added proved reserves from horizontal drilling activities in the Permian Basin and Eagle Ford totaling 157 million BOE, and oil production was up 25 percent year over year.
Even with the decline in oil prices and activity, Pioneer still projects production growth of 10 percent for 2015, with estimated production in the second quarter of this year averaging 198,000 to 203,000 BOEPD.
Good Books
Possibly the most essential lesson Sheffield has learned throughout his decades in the industry is the importance of being financially secure.
His cardinal rule: “Always have a great balance sheet, because you don’t know when the price of oil is going to change.”
To protect against inevitable volatility in oil prices, Sheffield says one of the most important steps is securing good hedges.
Pioneer is currently 90 percent hedged at $71 per barrel, which has resulted in roughly an extra $20 per barrel on the majority of sales so far this year. Sheffield estimates it could provide somewhere in the ballpark of $400 million to $500 million overall for 2015. The company is also heavily hedged next year, according to the CEO, well over 50 percent at $70 or higher, potentially adding another $350 million in 2016.
Sheffield took additional steps to strengthen the balance sheet in direct anticipation of the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC) meeting last fall, at which the group decided to maintain current production levels, further depressing prices brought on by oversupply and weakening demand globally.

“We raised a billion in equity back before the OPEC meeting,” Sheffield says.
Since the meeting, several companies again followed Pioneer’s lead. Sheffield predicts in the six to eight weeks prior to our discussion in April, approximately $12 billion to $13 billion of equity had been raised by the industry.
In 2014, Pioneer also divested of three nonessential business components in an effort to boost cash flow. The sale of its Alaska, Barnett Shale and Hugoton assets resulted in net proceeds of $745 million. Additionally, the company is currently in the final stages of negotiating the sale of the Eagle Ford midstream business.
In response to the decline in oil prices, Pioneer, like many companies, has significantly reduced the number of rigs operating across the state. Currently, it has 16 horizontal rigs online — 10 in the Permian Basin region and six in the Eagle Ford.
However, because of Sheffield’s ability to keep the company financially lean and well-positioned in regard to acreage, it is poised to rebound much faster than most once prices stabilize.
Sheffield predicts the company could start adding rigs sometime in the second half of this year, although that’s contingent upon several factors.
First, the CEO expects the sale of the Eagle Ford midstream business will close during the second quarter, providing another cash infusion to the balance sheet.
Additionally, Sheffield wants to be sure the worst is not yet to come in terms of oil prices.
“I’m optimistic that we saw the bottom when it hit $42 to $44 twice,” Sheffield says.
The third factor is achieving ambitious reductions in key budgetary items, namely drilling and completion costs. The company announced drilling and completion costs had already reached the targeted 15 percent reduction in the first quarter, with the most significant of these reductions in materials, such as drilling mud, chemicals, guar and water; fuel charges; labor and transportation; rental equipment, such as blowout preventers and coil tubing; and well services, such as wireline, direction and cementing services.
To achieve such goals, the company is cutting down to two-string casing from three-string in several areas, utilizing dissolvable bridge plugs for increased efficiency in each stage of stimulation, drilling near existing tank batteries and drilling multiple wells from a single pad to reduce costs.
By the end of the year, Pioneer expects to achieve an overall 20 percent reduction in these costs, with the key contributors being casing and tubing, well stimulation and drilling rig costs.
Additionally, Pioneer projects the cost to construct new facilities, particularly horizontal tank batteries, and lease operating expenses in 2015 to be 15 percent and 10 percent lower, respectively, than the prior year. As of the first quarter, the company had already realized a 5 percent reduction in lease operating expenses.
The company is also implementing additional cost-cutting methods to maintain profitability and productivity. For example, Pioneer made the decision in mid-February to exclusively utilize Pioneer Pumping Services, eliminating the need for a third-party service company.
Pioneer also recently announced the closing of its Denver office and streamlined operations in the Raton Basin.
In February, Pioneer shut down the vertical drilling program in the Permian Basin, as it was no longer necessary to hold acreage and provides lesser returns compared to horizontal wells.
Pioneer’s CEO sees a strong, continued presence for years to come in the Permian Basin and the Eagle Ford Shale.
Good People
Acreage wasn’t the only valuable asset Pioneer was scooping up from major oil companies as they were moving internationally in the ’90s.
“We went to the majors and hired a lot of employees from them,” Sheffield says, explaining one reason for the company’s relocation to Irving. “It was easier to attract them in the Dallas-Fort Worth area than it was in Midland.”
With the ramp up in industry activity over the past decade, hiring the best in the business has become an increasingly competitive sport for oil and gas companies, who are offering even more enticing compensation packages.
Pioneer offers a two-for-one match on employee retirement plans, up to 5 percent of an employee’s salary, as well as stock purchase plans, an annual incentive bonus program and an employee referral awards program. It also provides a tuition reimbursement plan, employee-assistance plan and affordable insurance coverage for employees, including medical, life and disability programs.
Pioneer goes a step further than most by making it as convenient as possible for its employees to achieve a healthy work-life balance.
The company’s recently constructed office complex in Midland boasts a free day care center, two workout rooms and a cafeteria where employees enjoy complimentary lunch together.
Employees also have the chance to bond and be active in the Corporate Challenge, an eight-week, Olympics-style tournament held each fall in which companies and organizations in the Dallas area compete in a number of sports and events, such as badminton, golf, tennis, volleyball, flag football, and more. The proceeds go to support the Special Olympics.
Sheffield says everyone involved has a great time and really gets into the competitive spirit — it seems himself included. “[We’re] three-time champions!”
But the real draw boils down to the leadership, and Sheffield’s belief in open communication, trust and humility. The chief executive says his office is always open to all employees, and he constantly stresses to treat everyone with the same level of respect.
“Don’t sit there and do something differently for me that you wouldn’t do for somebody working out in the field or a file clerk,” Sheffield says. “Treat everyone the same — everybody is important in this company.”
Throughout our conversation, Sheffield often seemed to downplay his role in Pioneer’s accomplishments, rarely using the word “I” — instead saying “we.”
“I feel like I’m just another employee,” the CEO admits.
“I always say it started with my parents,” Sheffield says. “That’s what I was taught, and so it’s natural to be that way.”
The proof is in the pudding. Pioneer has consistently been recognized as a top employer for several years running.
It’s one of only 12 companies to land on The Dallas Morning News’ “Top 100 Places to Work” since the program was started in 2009, receiving the coveted No. 1 spot in 2014. Pioneer has also been named one of the “Best Companies to Work for in Texas” every year since 2010, which holds special significance as it is based on employees’ feedback.
Good to the Core
One of the underlying reasons Pioneer is consistently recognized as a great place to work is the strong corporate culture Sheffield established and maintains within the company. For Pioneer, core values aren’t just a colorful poster on the wall. Community involvement, charitable giving, safety and sustainability are a way of life.
Community Involvement and Charitable Giving
Giving back to the communities in which they live and operate is an important focal point for Pioneer’s CEO and employees. In addition to the considerable tax revenue and employment the company provides, Pioneer is actively involved in local charities and places significant importance on providing educational opportunities for the betterment of communities and to prepare a future Texas workforce.
In the Permian Basin region where Pioneer has long been active, Sheffield is regarded as a highly respected member of the community, in part because of his philanthropic endeavors. Pioneer donated $1 million to the Permian Basin Petroleum Museum in 2011 for renovations, expansion and much-needed improvement of the nation’s largest museum dedicated to the petroleum industry. The company has made financial contributions toward the construction of the Bush Tennis Center, which opened in 2012 in Midland. Employees also team up annually with Christmas for Our Troops to pack almost 3,000 gift boxes for service members stationed in Iraq and Afghanistan during the holiday season, as well as sending small care packages and letters to members of the military throughout the year.
But perhaps the largest and most meaningful contributions have gone to Midland area schools. In 2012, Pioneer made a four-year commitment of $1 million to the Early College High School at Midland College, a program in which high school students can concurrently take college-level courses and receive a high school diploma and an associate degree upon graduation. The same year, Sheffield publicly endorsed the $163 million elementary school bond initiative, which passed largely thanks to support by the industry and community leaders like Sheffield. Last year, Pioneer and a small coalition of local companies collectively dedicated $6.25 million to the Midland ISD Education Foundation; $3.25 million went to new teacher signing bonuses, and the remainder was used for re-signing bonuses. This donation was intended to help the district attract and retain quality teachers, which has been difficult given the cost of living and fluctuations in enrollment.
Youth and education are also a charitable focus in Pioneer’s South Texas operating area. The company partners with local colleges, such as Coastal Bend College in Beeville and Victoria College, to ensure courses are meeting the industry’s needs and sufficiently preparing students to work in their chosen fields. Pioneer also partners with local junior highs and high schools to help meet needs in math and science, from delivering graphing calculators to helping acquire new microscopes and lab equipment.
Each June, Pioneer and the Victoria Business and Education Coalition host the YOUth LEADership Conference, a five-day program at which middle school students are taught essential leadership skills to help them succeed in school and their future careers. And as Pioneer is a founding member of the South Texas Energy & Education Roundtable (STEER), STEER and its employees support youth livestock shows by sending letters of encouragement to students and contributing funds.
In the company’s new home of North Texas, Pioneer has collaborated with Habitat for Humanity, building 16 new homes in the area, as well as participating in A Brush with Kindness, a Habitat sub-program that assists the elderly and disabled with minor home repairs and helps revitalize local neighborhoods. Each spring, Pioneer sponsors a fundraising campaign to assist the North Texas Food Bank, as well as co-hosting the annual Dallas CASA Classic golf tournament, the highest grossing one-day charity tournament in the Dallas-Fort Worth area. In 2014, the event raised more than $1.7 million for the Court Appointed Special Advocates nonprofit organization.
In both North and West Texas, the company is also deeply involved with the United Way. Employees donate on an individual basis through payroll deductions and through other means, and every dollar donated is matched by Pioneer. Employees enjoy organizing creative fundraising events, even turning two floors of the Midland office into a nine-hole miniature golf course to help raise money for the Midland United Way. In Irving, the company hosts an in-office event in which employees race their homemade, food-constructed model cars against one another to raise money for Meals on Wheels, one of United Way’s agencies. The company was recognized for its efforts and unique fundraising approach, receiving the 2013 Trendsetter Award from the United Way of Metropolitan Dallas.
Pioneer provides economic benefits to communities by providing stable employment and substantial tax revenue. It is the No. 1 taxpayer in Midland County and employs roughly 2,000 West Texans in its Permian Basin operations. In South Texas, the company employs about 530 workers; and it paid almost $71 million in production taxes and $31.5 million in ad valorem taxes in 2013. Pioneer also employs more than 1,000 people in the Irving headquarters, contributing over $4 million in production taxes and close to $2 million in ad valorem taxes to North Texas communities in 2013.
Safety
Safety is a critical component of every operation, and Pioneer devotes significant time and resources to ensuring all employees are well-versed in safety practices and procedures.
In 2012, Pioneer’s Health, Safety and Environment team spent more than 16,000 person-hours training more than 1,300 employees. The following year, the Pioneer Pumping Services training department initiated a comprehensive two-week, on-site new hire training program, in which participants attend OSHA courses and equipment training, as well as receiving hands-on experience with PPS-specific equipment and field and yard inspections.
Over the past year, Pioneer has featured a series of three targeted training programs; the most recent is the WeBelieve program, which was created by company staff and features participant polling, group discussions, case studies and interactive videos.
Sheffield believes corporate culture starts at the top; and as such, Pioneer’s top supervisors and managers regularly attend the award-winning DuPont Sustainable Solutions Managing Safety courses. In 2013, more than 150 managers attended the two-day training session.
Pioneer’s board of directors has also established the Health, Safety and Environment Committee to provide oversight of these practices within the company and monitor management’s efforts in maintaining a culture based on safety and environmental protection.
Vehicle safety is another area of focus, especially considering the substantial amount of time employees spend on the road. In 2012, employees drove a total of 43 million miles and completed more than 17,000 person-hours of driver safety training courses. Approximately 1,700 of Pioneer’s fleet vehicles are equipped with GPS tracking technology, which monitors safe driving practices and helps optimize routes and reduce mileage.
In 2012, for every million miles driven by Pioneer employees, there were on average 2.05 preventable vehicle accidents. Last year, Pioneer’s OSHA recordable injury rate and lost-time accident rate dropped to an eight-year low.
Sustainability and Environmental Stewardship
In terms of sustainability, Pioneer utilizes a multidisciplinary approach to balancing economic growth, social progress and environmental stewardship.
Pioneer’s Sustainable Development department works to reduce its environmental footprint and provide cost-effective solutions through scientific analyses of information and knowledge. The company is also expanding the role of its Corporate Environmental team.
Overall, the company’s sustainability efforts coalesce around three key issues: water, air and surface.
In regard to water, Pioneer has made tremendous strides in sustainability through several initiatives. For one, the company is increasingly using brackish, non-drinkable groundwater for its drilling operations. Because of the consistent occurrence of droughts in Texas, Sheffield assembled a team of geologists about three or four years ago to examine alternative sources of water, specifically brackish water.
“We found a lot of brackish water in the Santa Rosa formation,” Sheffield says. “We’ve been very successful there as the first area to replenish and supplement fresh water.”
To further avoid the use of fresh water in its West Texas operations, Pioneer has created a unique partnership with the city of Odessa to purchase effluent water from the municipality. While this type of agreement is not commonly seen in Texas, Sheffield notes it is a mutually beneficial one.
This relationship provides Pioneer with a steady supply of water to produce wells and significant cost benefits. Sheffield estimates that moving away from fresh water could save the company about $300,000 to $400,000 per well in drilling and trucking costs.
For the city, the financial commitment secures funding for the construction and maintenance of such infrastructure. Odessa is able to build a sophisticated new treatment plant capable of processing water to the standards Pioneer needs, but the plant will also serve the needs and residents of the greater area for years to come.
Pioneer is also in talks with the city of Midland regarding a similar agreement, further increasing the amount of effluent water being utilized. “We hope by 2020 to essentially be using a combination of effluent water and brackish water and not use fresh water at all,” Sheffield says. And the company is exploring several water-recycling projects for the fresh water it does still use, although the economics have slowed the widespread implementation of such initiatives. “So far the recycling projects are very expensive,” the chairman admits. “But over time we think it’s better to recycle, so we’re still working on a couple of [projects], trying to get their costs down.”
To protect existing groundwater, the company is installing covers on selected water storage ponds at well sites to combat evaporation. Pioneer is also adding pressure gauges to monitor and test the annular space of all new wells to ensure well integrity and further protect water resources.
To better understand the company’s impact on air quality and emissions, Pioneer implemented a new program that includes advanced emissions measurements. Improved practices and data collection helped the company achieve a 20 percent decrease in reported gross emissions in 2012. The company has also made improvements to the completion process, specifically in the Eagle Ford Shale, which has resulted in a 79 percent reduction in flaring in this production stage between 2011 and 2012.
As well, Pioneer has converted more than 13 percent of light-duty trucks to natural gas fuel as of mid-2013 — representing roughly 2,000 vehicles. Going a step further, the company is expanding its use of this domestic fuel by converting three drilling rigs in South Texas to natural gas, reducing particulate matter and carbon monoxide emissions.
Pioneer’s efforts are not going unnoticed, as it claims the first oil and gas project to ever receive the Texas Commission on Environmental Quality’s Texas Environmental Award in the Pollution Prevention category.
Deeply committed to surface protection and conservation, one of the company’s key initiatives is reducing well pad footprints by drilling multiple wellbores from a single pad. In South Texas, Pioneer has reduced its average footprint per wellbore from 2.75 acres in 2012 to fewer than 2 acres in 2013.
In 2009, Pioneer was awarded the prestigious Bruno Hanson/Midland College Environmental Excellence Award for achievements in the spill management program and pollution prevention initiatives, extensive training in proactive safety measures and overall demonstration of corporate and environmental stewardship.
Measuring Success
Although his net worth is well into the millions, Sheffield measures success not in dollars and cents. Rather, he prefers the sense of pride he feels when reflecting on the company he’s built and the jobs he’s provided to thousands of Pioneer employees.
Sheffield’s greatest personal accomplishment: “Creating a great company where 4,000 employees really think it’s a fun place to work,” the CEO says.
On a larger scale, Sheffield says his impact on the country’s oil supply, namely finding and participating in one of the world’s largest oil fields, the Permian Basin, gives him personal fulfillment.
“Career wise, [my greatest accomplishment] is that we’ve been the best S&P 500 energy company stock performer over the last five years,” Sheffield says. Pioneer’s stock is also ranked as the 49th top performing stock overall on the S&P 500.
Sheffield and wife Kimberley reside in Irving. They have five children — Roseanne, Bryan, Kit, Bonnie and Cassandra. Bryan has followed in the family business, founding Parsley Energy in 2008.
In his free time, Sheffield enjoys playing tennis and skiing, a hobby he picked up during his time in Iran.
He is also active in several industry groups and organizations, including the National Petroleum Council, America’s Natural Gas Alliance and The University of Texas’ Cockrell School of Engineering advisory board, and serves as a board member of Southern Methodist University’s Maguire Energy Institute.
In 2012, Sheffield was honored with the prestigious Top Hand Award by the Permian Basin Petroleum Association and was inducted into the Permian Basin Petroleum Museum Hall of Fame the following year.
He is also the recipient of the Texas Oil and Gas Association’s 2014 Distinguished Service Award; the 2012, 2013, and 2014 Texas Top Producers Award in the Best CEO (large company) category from the Texas Independent Producers and Royalty Owners and Texas Monthly; SMU’s 2013 L. Frank Pitts Energy Leadership Award; the 2012 National Multiple Sclerosis Society’s Hope Award; and the 2012 Henry Cohn Humanitarian Award.
Even with countless awards and honors to his name, Scott Sheffield remains humble and dedicated to his work. Leading the energy industry in myriad ways and with constant concern for his employees, the community and the environment, this trailblazing executive continues to make Pioneer Natural Resources a wonderful place to work in Texas and a top-performing company in the energy industry.
.
Pioneer Natural Resources is a large independent oil and natural gas company that is focused on helping meet the world’s energy needs. To learn more, visit the company online at www.pxd.com.
Share ThisClick to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window)Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window)Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window)

Related
 




← New Chairman Elected to the Texas Railroad Commission in the Eagle Ford
In The Oil Patch: Episode 24 – Texas RRC Chairman David Porter →


Share This Post:






You May Also Like




 



Start with Energy


 August 31, 2013 Kym Bolado
0






 



Funds for a First


 August 31, 2013 Stacy MacDiarmid
0






 



In The Oil Patch: Episode 20 – Ken Becker


 June 23, 2015 Fernando Guerra
1









Stay in the Loop




Name*Email*

NameThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.

 












SHALE TV 
 
Our Sponsors Latest Posts 



 

What You Need To Know In Oil And Gas Today – 7.20.2017


 July 20, 2017 David Blackmon
No Comments




 

What You Need To Know In Oil And Gas Today – 7.18.2017


 July 19, 2017 David Blackmon
No Comments




 

Motor Oil Tip of the Week – 07/18/2017


 July 18, 2017 Troy Goldman
No Comments




 

What You Need To Know In Oil And Gas Today – 7.17.2017


 July 17, 2017 David Blackmon
No Comments




 

What You Need To Know In Oil And Gas Today – 7.14.2017


 July 14, 2017 David Blackmon
No Comments




 

What You Need To Know In Oil And Gas Today – 7.13.2017


 July 13, 2017 David Blackmon
No Comments






Follow us on Twitter!My TweetsSHALE Radio 



Popular
Recent
Comment



 

The Defining, Imminent Moment for Debt-Fueled U.S. Shale Players


 May 31, 2016 Neil Schmeichel
No Comments




 

A New Era: Howard Energy


 May 24, 2016 Courtney Boedeker
No Comments




 

A New Reality: Energy Independence


 May 18, 2016 David Blackmon
No Comments




 

May/June 2016 – Howard Energy Mexico


 May 16, 2016 Shale Magazine
No Comments




 

Expanding Efforts


 September 26, 2013 Omar Garcia
No Comments




 

Spurring Education Energy Day


 May 8, 2016 Shale Magazine
No Comments






 

What You Need To Know In Oil And Gas Today – 7.20.2017


 July 20, 2017 David Blackmon




 

What You Need To Know In Oil And Gas Today – 7.18.2017


 July 19, 2017 David Blackmon




 

Motor Oil Tip of the Week – 07/18/2017


 July 18, 2017 Troy Goldman




 

What You Need To Know In Oil And Gas Today – 7.17.2017


 July 17, 2017 David Blackmon




 

What You Need To Know In Oil And Gas Today – 7.14.2017


 July 14, 2017 David Blackmon




 

What You Need To Know In Oil And Gas Today – 7.13.2017


 July 13, 2017 David Blackmon





Shale Magazine: March/April 2017 – Enaxis Consulting says:[…] URL: Read Full Article in Shale Oil &amp...In The Oil Patch: Episode 33 – Commissioner Ryan Sitton – Ryan Sitton says:[…] See the full show here! […]...Dallas News questions Sitton's ethics | EagleFordTexas.com says:[…] oil and gas business magazine, Shale, wr...State of Energy 2015 - San Antonio, TX - SHALE Oil & Gas Business Magazine says:[…] Panelists at this event included Paul Sh...SHALE Magazine: July 15, 2016 – Enaxis Consulting says:[…] URL: Read Full Article on SHALE Magazin...In The Oil Patch – Bud Holzman (ep. 65) - SHALE Oil & Gas Business Magazine says:[…] Auto Group. Stay tuned for more great ep... 

 Scene  
 
May/June 2017 Issue Scene  
Fiesta with SHALE


 May 17, 2017 Shale Magazine
0


SHALE celebrated the start of Fiesta and debuted the SHALE and STEER/TEAC medals in a collaborative event on April 18
Share ThisClick to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window)Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window)Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) 


  
 
Click Here! May/June 2017 Issue Scene  
Cover Party Honoring Shana Robinson


 April 17, 2017 Shale Magazine
0




 
Click Here! Scene  
SAPA Luncheon April 2017


 April 17, 2017 Shale Magazine
0




 
Mar/Apr 2017 Issue Scene  
2017 NAPE Summit


 March 31, 2017 Shale Magazine
0




 
Mar/Apr 2017 Issue Scene  
Lunch and Learn with Alphabet Energy


 March 30, 2017 Shale Magazine
0




 
Jan/Feb 2017 Issue Scene  
Future of the Region South Texas Conference 2016


 January 19, 2017 Shale Magazine
0



 










 





Send to Email Address

Your Name

Your Email Address





Cancel

				Post was not sent - check your email addresses!			

				Email check failed, please try again			

				Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.			














































Scott Sheffield - Wikipedia






















 






Scott Sheffield

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search



Scott Sheffield





Born
(1973-10-20) October 20, 1973 (age 43)


Nationality
American


Fields
Mathematician


Alma mater
Stanford University


Doctoral advisor
Amir Dembo


Notable awards
Loève Prize (2011)
Rollo Davidson Prize (2006)
Clay Research Award (2017)


Scott Sheffield (born October 20, 1973) is a professor of mathematics at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology.[1] His primary research field is theoretical probability.



Contents


1 Research
2 Education and Career
3 Awards
4 References



Research[edit]
Much of Sheffield's work examines conformal invariant objects which arise in the study of two-dimensional statistical physics models. He studies the Schramm-Loewner evolution SLE(κ) and its relations to a variety of other random objects. For example, he proved that SLE describes the interface between two Liouville quantum gravity surfaces that have been conformally welded together.[2] In joint work with Oded Schramm, he showed that contour lines of the Gaussian free field are related to SLE(4).[3][4] With Jason Miller, he developed the theory of Gaussian free field flow lines, which include SLE(κ) for all values of κ, as well as many variants of SLE.[5]
Sheffield and Bertrand Duplantier proved the Knizhnik-Polyakov-Zamolodchikov (KPZ) relation for fractal scaling dimensions in Liouville quantum gravity.[6] Sheffield also defined the conformal loop ensembles, which serve as scaling limits of the collection of all interfaces in various statistical physics models.[7] In joint work with Wendelin Werner, he described the conformal loop ensembles as the outer boundaries of clusters of Brownian loops.[8]
In addition to these contributions, Sheffield has also proved results regarding internal diffusion limited aggregation, dimers, game theory, partial differential equations, and Lipschitz extension theory.[9]
Education and Career[edit]
Sheffield graduated from Harvard University in 1998 with an A.B. and A.M. in mathematics. In 2003, he received his Ph.D. in mathematics from Stanford University. Before becoming a professor at MIT, Sheffield held postdoctoral positions at Microsoft Research, the University of California at Berkeley, and the Institute for Advanced Study. He was also an associate professor at New York University.[10]
Awards[edit]
Scott Sheffield received the Loève Prize, the Presidential Early Career Award for Scientists and Engineers, the Sloan Research Fellowship, and the Rollo Davidson Prize. He was also an invited speaker at the 2010 meeting of the International Congress of Mathematicians. In 2017 he received the Clay Research Award jointly with Jason Miller.[11]
References[edit]



^ http://math.mit.edu/people/profile.php?pid=243, MIT, retrieved 2013-23-08.
^ Conformal weldings of random surfaces: SLE and the quantum gravity zipper, Scott Sheffield, 2010, http://arxiv.org/abs/1012.4797
^ Contour lines of the two-dimensional discrete Gaussian free field, Oded Schramm and Scott Sheffield, 2006, http://arxiv.org/abs/math/0605337
^ A contour line of the continuum Gaussian free field, Oded Schramm and Scott Sheffield, 2010, http://arxiv.org/abs/1008.2447
^ Imaginary Geometry I: Interacting SLEs, Jason Miller and Scott Sheffield, 2012, http://arxiv.org/abs/1201.1496
^ Liouville Quantum Gravity and KPZ, Bertrand Duplantier and Scott Sheffield, 2008, http://arxiv.org/abs/0808.1560
^ Exploration trees and conformal loop ensembles, Scott Sheffield, 2006, http://arxiv.org/abs/math/0609167
^ Conformal loop ensembles: the Markovian characterization and loop soup construction, Scott Sheffield and Wendelin Werner, 2010, http://arxiv.org/abs/1006.2374
^ 2011 Loève Prize announcement, http://www.stat.berkeley.edu/users/aldous/Research/sheffield.pdf
^ http://math.mit.edu/~sheffield/cv.html, MIT, retrieved 2013-23-08
^ Clay Research Award 2017






Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 277821336
LCCN: no2006091836
SUDOC: 108427374
MGP: 98927










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Scott_Sheffield&oldid=774948198"					
Categories: 1973 birthsLiving people20th-century American mathematicians21st-century American mathematiciansHarvard University alumniProbability theoristsHidden categories: Wikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with LCCN identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


Deutsch 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 11 April 2017, at 17:49.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Scott Sheffield - Wikipedia






















 






Scott Sheffield

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search



Scott Sheffield





Born
(1973-10-20) October 20, 1973 (age 43)


Nationality
American


Fields
Mathematician


Alma mater
Stanford University


Doctoral advisor
Amir Dembo


Notable awards
Loève Prize (2011)
Rollo Davidson Prize (2006)
Clay Research Award (2017)


Scott Sheffield (born October 20, 1973) is a professor of mathematics at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology.[1] His primary research field is theoretical probability.



Contents


1 Research
2 Education and Career
3 Awards
4 References



Research[edit]
Much of Sheffield's work examines conformal invariant objects which arise in the study of two-dimensional statistical physics models. He studies the Schramm-Loewner evolution SLE(κ) and its relations to a variety of other random objects. For example, he proved that SLE describes the interface between two Liouville quantum gravity surfaces that have been conformally welded together.[2] In joint work with Oded Schramm, he showed that contour lines of the Gaussian free field are related to SLE(4).[3][4] With Jason Miller, he developed the theory of Gaussian free field flow lines, which include SLE(κ) for all values of κ, as well as many variants of SLE.[5]
Sheffield and Bertrand Duplantier proved the Knizhnik-Polyakov-Zamolodchikov (KPZ) relation for fractal scaling dimensions in Liouville quantum gravity.[6] Sheffield also defined the conformal loop ensembles, which serve as scaling limits of the collection of all interfaces in various statistical physics models.[7] In joint work with Wendelin Werner, he described the conformal loop ensembles as the outer boundaries of clusters of Brownian loops.[8]
In addition to these contributions, Sheffield has also proved results regarding internal diffusion limited aggregation, dimers, game theory, partial differential equations, and Lipschitz extension theory.[9]
Education and Career[edit]
Sheffield graduated from Harvard University in 1998 with an A.B. and A.M. in mathematics. In 2003, he received his Ph.D. in mathematics from Stanford University. Before becoming a professor at MIT, Sheffield held postdoctoral positions at Microsoft Research, the University of California at Berkeley, and the Institute for Advanced Study. He was also an associate professor at New York University.[10]
Awards[edit]
Scott Sheffield received the Loève Prize, the Presidential Early Career Award for Scientists and Engineers, the Sloan Research Fellowship, and the Rollo Davidson Prize. He was also an invited speaker at the 2010 meeting of the International Congress of Mathematicians. In 2017 he received the Clay Research Award jointly with Jason Miller.[11]
References[edit]



^ http://math.mit.edu/people/profile.php?pid=243, MIT, retrieved 2013-23-08.
^ Conformal weldings of random surfaces: SLE and the quantum gravity zipper, Scott Sheffield, 2010, http://arxiv.org/abs/1012.4797
^ Contour lines of the two-dimensional discrete Gaussian free field, Oded Schramm and Scott Sheffield, 2006, http://arxiv.org/abs/math/0605337
^ A contour line of the continuum Gaussian free field, Oded Schramm and Scott Sheffield, 2010, http://arxiv.org/abs/1008.2447
^ Imaginary Geometry I: Interacting SLEs, Jason Miller and Scott Sheffield, 2012, http://arxiv.org/abs/1201.1496
^ Liouville Quantum Gravity and KPZ, Bertrand Duplantier and Scott Sheffield, 2008, http://arxiv.org/abs/0808.1560
^ Exploration trees and conformal loop ensembles, Scott Sheffield, 2006, http://arxiv.org/abs/math/0609167
^ Conformal loop ensembles: the Markovian characterization and loop soup construction, Scott Sheffield and Wendelin Werner, 2010, http://arxiv.org/abs/1006.2374
^ 2011 Loève Prize announcement, http://www.stat.berkeley.edu/users/aldous/Research/sheffield.pdf
^ http://math.mit.edu/~sheffield/cv.html, MIT, retrieved 2013-23-08
^ Clay Research Award 2017






Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 277821336
LCCN: no2006091836
SUDOC: 108427374
MGP: 98927










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Scott_Sheffield&oldid=774948198"					
Categories: 1973 birthsLiving people20th-century American mathematicians21st-century American mathematiciansHarvard University alumniProbability theoristsHidden categories: Wikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with LCCN identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


Deutsch 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 11 April 2017, at 17:49.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Scott Sheffield - Wikipedia






















 






Scott Sheffield

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search



Scott Sheffield





Born
(1973-10-20) October 20, 1973 (age 43)


Nationality
American


Fields
Mathematician


Alma mater
Stanford University


Doctoral advisor
Amir Dembo


Notable awards
Loève Prize (2011)
Rollo Davidson Prize (2006)
Clay Research Award (2017)


Scott Sheffield (born October 20, 1973) is a professor of mathematics at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology.[1] His primary research field is theoretical probability.



Contents


1 Research
2 Education and Career
3 Awards
4 References



Research[edit]
Much of Sheffield's work examines conformal invariant objects which arise in the study of two-dimensional statistical physics models. He studies the Schramm-Loewner evolution SLE(κ) and its relations to a variety of other random objects. For example, he proved that SLE describes the interface between two Liouville quantum gravity surfaces that have been conformally welded together.[2] In joint work with Oded Schramm, he showed that contour lines of the Gaussian free field are related to SLE(4).[3][4] With Jason Miller, he developed the theory of Gaussian free field flow lines, which include SLE(κ) for all values of κ, as well as many variants of SLE.[5]
Sheffield and Bertrand Duplantier proved the Knizhnik-Polyakov-Zamolodchikov (KPZ) relation for fractal scaling dimensions in Liouville quantum gravity.[6] Sheffield also defined the conformal loop ensembles, which serve as scaling limits of the collection of all interfaces in various statistical physics models.[7] In joint work with Wendelin Werner, he described the conformal loop ensembles as the outer boundaries of clusters of Brownian loops.[8]
In addition to these contributions, Sheffield has also proved results regarding internal diffusion limited aggregation, dimers, game theory, partial differential equations, and Lipschitz extension theory.[9]
Education and Career[edit]
Sheffield graduated from Harvard University in 1998 with an A.B. and A.M. in mathematics. In 2003, he received his Ph.D. in mathematics from Stanford University. Before becoming a professor at MIT, Sheffield held postdoctoral positions at Microsoft Research, the University of California at Berkeley, and the Institute for Advanced Study. He was also an associate professor at New York University.[10]
Awards[edit]
Scott Sheffield received the Loève Prize, the Presidential Early Career Award for Scientists and Engineers, the Sloan Research Fellowship, and the Rollo Davidson Prize. He was also an invited speaker at the 2010 meeting of the International Congress of Mathematicians. In 2017 he received the Clay Research Award jointly with Jason Miller.[11]
References[edit]



^ http://math.mit.edu/people/profile.php?pid=243, MIT, retrieved 2013-23-08.
^ Conformal weldings of random surfaces: SLE and the quantum gravity zipper, Scott Sheffield, 2010, http://arxiv.org/abs/1012.4797
^ Contour lines of the two-dimensional discrete Gaussian free field, Oded Schramm and Scott Sheffield, 2006, http://arxiv.org/abs/math/0605337
^ A contour line of the continuum Gaussian free field, Oded Schramm and Scott Sheffield, 2010, http://arxiv.org/abs/1008.2447
^ Imaginary Geometry I: Interacting SLEs, Jason Miller and Scott Sheffield, 2012, http://arxiv.org/abs/1201.1496
^ Liouville Quantum Gravity and KPZ, Bertrand Duplantier and Scott Sheffield, 2008, http://arxiv.org/abs/0808.1560
^ Exploration trees and conformal loop ensembles, Scott Sheffield, 2006, http://arxiv.org/abs/math/0609167
^ Conformal loop ensembles: the Markovian characterization and loop soup construction, Scott Sheffield and Wendelin Werner, 2010, http://arxiv.org/abs/1006.2374
^ 2011 Loève Prize announcement, http://www.stat.berkeley.edu/users/aldous/Research/sheffield.pdf
^ http://math.mit.edu/~sheffield/cv.html, MIT, retrieved 2013-23-08
^ Clay Research Award 2017






Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 277821336
LCCN: no2006091836
SUDOC: 108427374
MGP: 98927










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Scott_Sheffield&oldid=774948198"					
Categories: 1973 birthsLiving people20th-century American mathematicians21st-century American mathematiciansHarvard University alumniProbability theoristsHidden categories: Wikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with LCCN identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


Deutsch 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 11 April 2017, at 17:49.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Scott Sheffield - Wikipedia






















 






Scott Sheffield

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search



Scott Sheffield





Born
(1973-10-20) October 20, 1973 (age 43)


Nationality
American


Fields
Mathematician


Alma mater
Stanford University


Doctoral advisor
Amir Dembo


Notable awards
Loève Prize (2011)
Rollo Davidson Prize (2006)
Clay Research Award (2017)


Scott Sheffield (born October 20, 1973) is a professor of mathematics at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology.[1] His primary research field is theoretical probability.



Contents


1 Research
2 Education and Career
3 Awards
4 References



Research[edit]
Much of Sheffield's work examines conformal invariant objects which arise in the study of two-dimensional statistical physics models. He studies the Schramm-Loewner evolution SLE(κ) and its relations to a variety of other random objects. For example, he proved that SLE describes the interface between two Liouville quantum gravity surfaces that have been conformally welded together.[2] In joint work with Oded Schramm, he showed that contour lines of the Gaussian free field are related to SLE(4).[3][4] With Jason Miller, he developed the theory of Gaussian free field flow lines, which include SLE(κ) for all values of κ, as well as many variants of SLE.[5]
Sheffield and Bertrand Duplantier proved the Knizhnik-Polyakov-Zamolodchikov (KPZ) relation for fractal scaling dimensions in Liouville quantum gravity.[6] Sheffield also defined the conformal loop ensembles, which serve as scaling limits of the collection of all interfaces in various statistical physics models.[7] In joint work with Wendelin Werner, he described the conformal loop ensembles as the outer boundaries of clusters of Brownian loops.[8]
In addition to these contributions, Sheffield has also proved results regarding internal diffusion limited aggregation, dimers, game theory, partial differential equations, and Lipschitz extension theory.[9]
Education and Career[edit]
Sheffield graduated from Harvard University in 1998 with an A.B. and A.M. in mathematics. In 2003, he received his Ph.D. in mathematics from Stanford University. Before becoming a professor at MIT, Sheffield held postdoctoral positions at Microsoft Research, the University of California at Berkeley, and the Institute for Advanced Study. He was also an associate professor at New York University.[10]
Awards[edit]
Scott Sheffield received the Loève Prize, the Presidential Early Career Award for Scientists and Engineers, the Sloan Research Fellowship, and the Rollo Davidson Prize. He was also an invited speaker at the 2010 meeting of the International Congress of Mathematicians. In 2017 he received the Clay Research Award jointly with Jason Miller.[11]
References[edit]



^ http://math.mit.edu/people/profile.php?pid=243, MIT, retrieved 2013-23-08.
^ Conformal weldings of random surfaces: SLE and the quantum gravity zipper, Scott Sheffield, 2010, http://arxiv.org/abs/1012.4797
^ Contour lines of the two-dimensional discrete Gaussian free field, Oded Schramm and Scott Sheffield, 2006, http://arxiv.org/abs/math/0605337
^ A contour line of the continuum Gaussian free field, Oded Schramm and Scott Sheffield, 2010, http://arxiv.org/abs/1008.2447
^ Imaginary Geometry I: Interacting SLEs, Jason Miller and Scott Sheffield, 2012, http://arxiv.org/abs/1201.1496
^ Liouville Quantum Gravity and KPZ, Bertrand Duplantier and Scott Sheffield, 2008, http://arxiv.org/abs/0808.1560
^ Exploration trees and conformal loop ensembles, Scott Sheffield, 2006, http://arxiv.org/abs/math/0609167
^ Conformal loop ensembles: the Markovian characterization and loop soup construction, Scott Sheffield and Wendelin Werner, 2010, http://arxiv.org/abs/1006.2374
^ 2011 Loève Prize announcement, http://www.stat.berkeley.edu/users/aldous/Research/sheffield.pdf
^ http://math.mit.edu/~sheffield/cv.html, MIT, retrieved 2013-23-08
^ Clay Research Award 2017






Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 277821336
LCCN: no2006091836
SUDOC: 108427374
MGP: 98927










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Scott_Sheffield&oldid=774948198"					
Categories: 1973 birthsLiving people20th-century American mathematicians21st-century American mathematiciansHarvard University alumniProbability theoristsHidden categories: Wikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with LCCN identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


Deutsch 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 11 April 2017, at 17:49.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Scott Sheffield - Wikipedia






















 






Scott Sheffield

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search



Scott Sheffield





Born
(1973-10-20) October 20, 1973 (age 43)


Nationality
American


Fields
Mathematician


Alma mater
Stanford University


Doctoral advisor
Amir Dembo


Notable awards
Loève Prize (2011)
Rollo Davidson Prize (2006)
Clay Research Award (2017)


Scott Sheffield (born October 20, 1973) is a professor of mathematics at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology.[1] His primary research field is theoretical probability.



Contents


1 Research
2 Education and Career
3 Awards
4 References



Research[edit]
Much of Sheffield's work examines conformal invariant objects which arise in the study of two-dimensional statistical physics models. He studies the Schramm-Loewner evolution SLE(κ) and its relations to a variety of other random objects. For example, he proved that SLE describes the interface between two Liouville quantum gravity surfaces that have been conformally welded together.[2] In joint work with Oded Schramm, he showed that contour lines of the Gaussian free field are related to SLE(4).[3][4] With Jason Miller, he developed the theory of Gaussian free field flow lines, which include SLE(κ) for all values of κ, as well as many variants of SLE.[5]
Sheffield and Bertrand Duplantier proved the Knizhnik-Polyakov-Zamolodchikov (KPZ) relation for fractal scaling dimensions in Liouville quantum gravity.[6] Sheffield also defined the conformal loop ensembles, which serve as scaling limits of the collection of all interfaces in various statistical physics models.[7] In joint work with Wendelin Werner, he described the conformal loop ensembles as the outer boundaries of clusters of Brownian loops.[8]
In addition to these contributions, Sheffield has also proved results regarding internal diffusion limited aggregation, dimers, game theory, partial differential equations, and Lipschitz extension theory.[9]
Education and Career[edit]
Sheffield graduated from Harvard University in 1998 with an A.B. and A.M. in mathematics. In 2003, he received his Ph.D. in mathematics from Stanford University. Before becoming a professor at MIT, Sheffield held postdoctoral positions at Microsoft Research, the University of California at Berkeley, and the Institute for Advanced Study. He was also an associate professor at New York University.[10]
Awards[edit]
Scott Sheffield received the Loève Prize, the Presidential Early Career Award for Scientists and Engineers, the Sloan Research Fellowship, and the Rollo Davidson Prize. He was also an invited speaker at the 2010 meeting of the International Congress of Mathematicians. In 2017 he received the Clay Research Award jointly with Jason Miller.[11]
References[edit]



^ http://math.mit.edu/people/profile.php?pid=243, MIT, retrieved 2013-23-08.
^ Conformal weldings of random surfaces: SLE and the quantum gravity zipper, Scott Sheffield, 2010, http://arxiv.org/abs/1012.4797
^ Contour lines of the two-dimensional discrete Gaussian free field, Oded Schramm and Scott Sheffield, 2006, http://arxiv.org/abs/math/0605337
^ A contour line of the continuum Gaussian free field, Oded Schramm and Scott Sheffield, 2010, http://arxiv.org/abs/1008.2447
^ Imaginary Geometry I: Interacting SLEs, Jason Miller and Scott Sheffield, 2012, http://arxiv.org/abs/1201.1496
^ Liouville Quantum Gravity and KPZ, Bertrand Duplantier and Scott Sheffield, 2008, http://arxiv.org/abs/0808.1560
^ Exploration trees and conformal loop ensembles, Scott Sheffield, 2006, http://arxiv.org/abs/math/0609167
^ Conformal loop ensembles: the Markovian characterization and loop soup construction, Scott Sheffield and Wendelin Werner, 2010, http://arxiv.org/abs/1006.2374
^ 2011 Loève Prize announcement, http://www.stat.berkeley.edu/users/aldous/Research/sheffield.pdf
^ http://math.mit.edu/~sheffield/cv.html, MIT, retrieved 2013-23-08
^ Clay Research Award 2017






Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 277821336
LCCN: no2006091836
SUDOC: 108427374
MGP: 98927










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Scott_Sheffield&oldid=774948198"					
Categories: 1973 birthsLiving people20th-century American mathematicians21st-century American mathematiciansHarvard University alumniProbability theoristsHidden categories: Wikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with LCCN identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


Deutsch 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 11 April 2017, at 17:49.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 













Scott Sheffield, Pioneer Natural Resources | KERA







































































 














 








Skip Navigation


















































DONATE
WATCH
LISTEN











Menu












Home > CEO > Scott Sheffield, Pioneer Natural Resources




 

Scott Sheffield, Pioneer Natural Resources
CEO
1012



CEO, July 3
 7:30 p.m.
 KERA TV
Scott Sheffield shares how Pioneer Natural Resources is positioned to ride the roller coaster oil and gas industry. Sheffield addresses environmental concerns associated with fracking and tells how advances in technology have led to efficiencies in drilling.
Watch the episode:





Share:










ceo Pioneer Natural Resources Scott Sheffield 


 


  


 














Column1

News

Health/Science: Breakthroughs
Education: Class of ’17
Elections
Region/State
Art&Seek
Commentaries


Radio

Schedule
Listen Live
Podcasts
KERA Mobile App
Think with Krys Boyd




Column2

Television

Schedule
Programs A-Z
Watch Video


About

Staff Bios
Sign up for the KERA Insider
News Releases
Jobs at KERA
Contact KERA
Privacy Policy
Discussion Guidelines
FCC Public Inspection File




Column3

Donate

Give to KERA Radio
Give to KERA Television
Friends of KERA/KXT
Jim Lehrer Roundtable
Ralph B. Rogers Legacy Society
Donate your Vehicle
Matching Gifts
Corporate Sponsorship
Volunteer
Members Page
Member Rewards
Membership Contest Rules











































































