    Oded Shein | STAGE STORES INC | ZoomInfo.com

Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version























Oded Shein | Stage Retailers Inc. | Email, CFO, @stagestoresinc.com 











































LOGIN

7 DAY FREE TRIAL


























Oded Shein

 Stage Retailers Inc.  CFO


Updated On : 
                    Dec 20, 2016                            

export

















2425 West Loop South

Houston, TX 77027


Email format for @stagestoresinc.com

Direct Phone: Not Available 









Type:

                    Public                
Employees: 
> 10000

Revenue:  
> 1 Billion

Industry:  
                        Retail->Apparel Retail                    
SIC Code:  
                         5651  - Family Clothing Stores








 BIOGRAPHY

 
                    Located in Houston, TX Stage Retailers Inc. has Oded Shein serving as the organization's CFO. Need Oded Shein's email, linkedin, phone numbers, facebook, wiki and biography? You can find essential contact information in Stage Retailers Inc. Lead411 profile, along with their Stage Retailers Inc. email addresses using the domain. Search for Stage Retailers Inc. on Lead411 under the Apparel retail industry.  Some possible email formats for Oded Shein are OShein@stagestoresinc.com, Oded.Shein@stagestoresinc.com, Oded@stagestoresinc.com, and Oded_Shein@stagestoresinc.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@stagestoresinc.com addresses.            


Similar People:
Oded Sagiv - Other
Have you been looking for contact information, like phone numbers and emails, on Oded Sagiv?  Lead411 provides data on him which include twitter, linkedin url, wiki, and biography.  There is also MD Anderson Cancer Center email addresses within the @mdanderson.org profile so Oded Sagiv's email could be included.  Oded Sagiv is part of the MD Anderson Cancer Center which has its main offices in Houston, TX.  Currently holds the post of Fellow, Ophthalmic Plastic and Reconstructive Surgery.  You can find the company data on Lead411 under the Biotech/healthcare industry.  Some possible email formats for Oded Sagiv are OSagiv@mdanderson.org, Oded.Sagiv@mdanderson.org, Oded@mdanderson.org, and Oded_Sagiv@mdanderson.org. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@mdanderson.org addresses.
Oded Segev - Finance
Oded Segev is the current SVP, Finance. You can find Oded Segev's linkedin profile, phone numbers, wiki, twitter, and biography on Pearl Capital Business Funding LLC's Lead411 profile, as well as Pearl Capital Business Funding LLC email addresses with the @pearlcapital.com domain format. Oded Segev's email may or may not be inside the profile.  Pearl Capital Business Funding LLC is situated in New York, NY. You can find their contact information on Lead411 categorized under Financial services.  Some possible email formats for Oded Segev are OSegev@pearlcapital.com, Oded.Segev@pearlcapital.com, Oded@pearlcapital.com, and Oded_Segev@pearlcapital.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@pearlcapital.com addresses.
Oded Settles - Executive
Matthew Neeley is HILLCREST's CEO. Their President is Oded Settles. Their Lead411 profile is categorized under the Real estate industry. If you're checking for HILLCREST email addresses, these are also available on Lead411 with the @livingathillcrest.org email format and possibly Oded Settles's email. HILLCREST is based in La Verne, CA. You can also get Oded Settles's linkedin info, twitter, phone numbers, wiki, and biography on their Lead411 profile. Their contact information is filed under the Real estate category.  Some possible email formats for Oded Settles are OSettles@livingathillcrest.org, Oded.Settles@livingathillcrest.org, Oded@livingathillcrest.org, and Oded_Settles@livingathillcrest.org. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@livingathillcrest.org addresses.



Similar Employees:
Michael Glazer - Executive
Michael Glazer's email address, phone numbers, linkedin account, wiki may be included in Stage Retailers Inc.'s Lead411 profile and other Stage Retailers Inc. email addresses with the @stagestoresinc.com domain format.  He is part of Stage Retailers Inc. where he serves as the CEO/President.  Stage Retailers Inc.'s main office is set in Houston, TX. You can check their contact information on Lead411 under the Apparel retail category.  Some possible email formats for Michael Glazer are MGlazer@stagestoresinc.com, Michael.Glazer@stagestoresinc.com, Michael@stagestoresinc.com, and Michael_Glazer@stagestoresinc.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@stagestoresinc.com addresses.
Bill Gentner - Sales - Marketing
For Stage Retailers Inc. email addresses with the @stagestoresinc.com format as well as facebook info, twitter, phone numbers, linkedin, wiki, as well as biography data for Bill Gentner, you may check in Stage Retailers Inc.'s Lead411 profile. Bill Gentner is currently the EVP/Chief Marketing Officer for Stage Retailers Inc.. The company's CEO is Michael Glazer. The contact information of Stage Retailers Inc. on Lead411 is filed under the Apparel retail. Their main offices are in Houston, TX.  Some possible email formats for Bill Gentner are BGentner@stagestoresinc.com, Bill.Gentner@stagestoresinc.com, Bill@stagestoresinc.com, and Bill_Gentner@stagestoresinc.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@stagestoresinc.com addresses.
Steve Parsons - Human Resources
Need to know Steve Parsons's email, phone numbers, linkedin profile, wiki, twitter username, and biography?  You can find contact information on Stage Retailers Inc.'s Lead411 profile.  Steve Parsons is the EVP/Chief Human Resources Officer for Stage Retailers Inc., an organization which has its base in Houston, TX.  One can also find Stage Retailers Inc. email addresses on their Lead411 profile with the @stagestoresinc.com url.  Apparel retail is Stage Retailers Inc.'s industry within the Lead411 database.  Some possible email formats for Steve Parsons are SParsons@stagestoresinc.com, Steve.Parsons@stagestoresinc.com, Steve@stagestoresinc.com, and Steve_Parsons@stagestoresinc.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@stagestoresinc.com addresses.

People Directory > Oded Shein




















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











Oded Shein











































Home
Search
Sign-In/Up
Contracts
Dictionary
Clauses
Companies
People

About
FAQ
Blog








Follow Oded Shein contracts
Click to sign-up for email updates.

      Loading...
    





Home



Sample Contracts



By Executive


Oded Shein


Oded Shein

SEC Documents
Filings
Personal financials
Insider transactions
Previous Companies

Peebles
(NYSE:SSI)


Sample Contracts with Oded Shein




First Amendment to Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement
(December 19th, 2016)
This First Amendment to Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement (this "First Amendment") is made as of December 16, 2016 to that certain Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of October 6, 2014 (together with any modifications or amendments thereto, collectively, the "Agreement") by and among:




Amendment No. Four to Amended and Restated Private Label Credit Card Plan
Agreement Between Comenity Bank and Stage Stores, Inc. Specialty Retailers,
Inc.
(June 6th, 2016)
THIS AMENDMENT NO. FOUR ("Amendment No. 4") to that certain AMENDED and RESTATED PRIVATE LABEL CREDIT CARD PLAN AGREEMENT entered into as of the 8th day of August, 2012 and effective as of the 1st day of August 2012 ("Agreement") among Stage Stores, Inc. ("SSI") and Specialty Retailers, Inc. ("SRI") (with SSI and SRI hereinafter collectively referred to as "Stage") and Comenity Bank (formerly known as World Financial Network Bank)




Employment Agreement
(June 22nd, 2015)
This Employment Agreement (the "Agreement") is entered into by and between STAGE STORES, INC., a Nevada corporation (the "Company"), and Oded Shein, an individual (the "Executive"), effective as of June 16, 2015 (the "Effective Date").




Amendment No. Three to Amended and Restated Private Label Credit Card Plan
Agreement Between Comenity Bank and Stage Stores, Inc. Specialty Retailers,
Inc.
(September 11th, 2014)
THIS AMENDMENT NO. THREE ("Amendment No. 3") to that certain AMENDED and RESTATED PRIVATE LABEL CREDIT CARD PLAN AGREEMENT entered into as of the 8th day of August, 2012 and effective as of the 1st day of August 2012 ("Agreement") between Stage Stores, Inc. ("SSI") and Specialty Retailers, Inc. ("SRI") (with SSI and SRI hereinafter collectively referred to as "Stage") and Comenity Bank (formerly known as World Financial Network Bank) ("Bank"), is entered into by and between Bank and SSI on May 4, 2014 (the "Amendment No. 3 Effective Date").




Amendment No. Two to Amended and Restated Private Label Credit Card Plan
Agreement Between Comenity Bank and Stage Stores, Inc. Specialty Retailers,
Inc.
(June 10th, 2014)
THIS AMENDMENT NO. TWO ("Amendment No. 2") to that certain AMENDED AND RESTATED PRIVATE LABEL CREDIT CARD PLAN AGREEMENT entered into as of the 8th day of August, 2012 and effective as of the 1st day of August 2012 (the "Agreement") by and between Stage Stores, Inc. ("SSI") and Specialty Retailers, Inc. ("SRI") (with SSI and SRI hereinafter collectively referred to as "Stage") and Comenity Bank (formerly known as World Financial Network Bank) ("Bank"), is entered into by and between Bank and SSI and will be effective as of February 13, 2014 (the "Amendment No. 2 Effective Date").




First Amendment to Amended and Restated Credit Agreement
(September 12th, 2013)
This First Amendment to Amended and Restated Credit Agreement (the "First Amendment") is made as of the 24th day of July, 2013, by and among:




Amendment No. One to Amended and Restated Private Label Credit Card Plan
Agreement Between World Financial Network Bank and Stage Stores, Inc. Specialty
Retailers Inc.
(April 3rd, 2013)
THIS AMENDMENT NO. ONE ("Amendment No. 1") to that certain Amended and Restated Private Label Credit Card Plan Agreement entered into as of the 8th day of August, 2012 and effective as of the 1st day of August, 2012 ("Agreement") between STAGE STORES, INC. ("SSI") and SPECIALTY RETAILERS, INC. ("SRI") (with SSI and SRI hereinafter collectively referred to as "Stage") and  COMENITY BANK (formerly known as WORLD FINANCIAL NETWORK BANK) ("Bank"), is entered into by and between Bank and SSI and will be effective as of February 1, 2013 ("Amendment No. 1 Effective Date").




Amended and Restated Private Label Credit Card Plan Agreement Between World
Financial Network Bank And
(March 7th, 2013)
THIS AMENDED AND RESTATED PRIVATE LABEL CREDIT CARD PLAN AGREEMENT is entered into as of this 8th day of August, 2012 to be effective as of the 1st day of August, 2012 (the "Effective Date"), by and between STAGE STORES, INC., a Nevada corporation (hereinafter referred to as "SSI") and SPECIALTY RETAILERS, INC., a Texas corporation (hereinafter referred to as "SRI"), each with its principal office at 10201 Main Street, Houston, Texas 77025 (with  SSI & SRI hereinafter collectively referred to as "Stage"), and WORLD FINANCIAL NETWORK  BANK, with its principal office at One Righter Parkway, Suite #100, Wilmington, Delaware, 19803 (hereinafter referred to as "Bank").




Amended and Restated Private Label Credit Card Plan Agreement Between World
Financial Network Bank And
(December 6th, 2012)
THIS AMENDED AND RESTATED PRIVATE LABEL CREDIT CARD PLAN AGREEMENT is entered into as of this 8th day of August, 2012 to be effective as of the 1st day of August, 2012 (the "Effective Date"), by and between STAGE STORES, INC., a Nevada corporation (hereinafter referred to as "SSI") and SPECIALTY RETAILERS, INC., a Texas corporation (hereinafter referred to as "SRI"), each with its principal office at 10201 Main Street, Houston, Texas 77025 (with  SSI & SRI hereinafter collectively referred to as "Stage"), and WORLD FINANCIAL NETWORK  BANK, with its principal office at One Righter Parkway, Suite #100, Wilmington, Delaware, 19803 (hereinafter referred to as "Bank").




AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT Dated as of June 30, 2011 Among SPECIALTY
RETAILERS, INC. As Borrower STAGE STORES, INC. SPECIALTY RETAILERS (TX) LLC as
Facility Guarantors the LENDERS Party Hereto, BANK OF AMERICA, N.A. As
Administrative Agent and as Collateral Agent WELLS FARGO CAPITAL FINANCE, LLC
as Documentation Agent JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A. REGIONS BANK as Co-Syndication
Agents and MERRILL LYNCH, PIERCE, FENNER & SMITH INCORPORATED WELLS FARGO
CAPITAL FINANCE, LLC as Joint Lead Arrangers and Joint Bookrunning Managers
(September 7th, 2011)
SPECIALTY RETAILERS, INC, a Texas corporation, having its principal place of business at 10201 Main Street, Houston, Texas 77025 (the "Borrower"); and




Employment Agreement
(June 9th, 2011)
For purposes of subsection (c) and except as otherwise provided in paragraph (i), a person's status is determined immediately after the transfer of the assets.




Employment Agreement
(March 30th, 2011)
For purposes of subsection (c) and except as otherwise provided in paragraph (i), a person's status is determined immediately after the transfer of the assets.





Follow Oded Shein contracts
Click to sign-up for email updates.

      Loading...
    












×









      Have an account? Sign in here.

Law Insider
Recover your password







No account? Register Now!


No account? Register Now!
Sign in
by using one of this services











or







Forgot your password?


Have an account? Sign in here.
Join Law Insider
for Free
by using one of this services











or







By registering you agree to our
      terms of service.











Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











Contract and Agreement Category List











































Home
Search
Sign-In/Up
Contracts
Dictionary
Clauses
Companies
People

About
FAQ
Blog







Sample Contract Categories 

a

b

c

d

e

f

g

h

i

j

k

l

m

n

o

p

q

r

s

t

u

v

w

x

y

z


abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz


337k
		Delaware
	

277k
		New York
	

113k
		California
	

70k
		Texas
	

68k
		Agreement
	

62k
		Nevada
	

46k
		Florida
	

44k
		Maryland
	

40k
		Illinois
	

38k
		Employment Agreement
	

38k
		Washington
	

37k
		Amended And Restated
	

36k
		Massachusetts
	

34k
		New Jersey
	

33k
		Pennsylvania
	

28k
		Georgia
	

28k
		Colorado
	

26k
		Ohio
	

25k
		Minnesota
	

25k
		Virginia
	

21k
		North Carolina
	

20k
		Incentive Plan
	

19k
		Credit Agreement
	

19k
		Amendment
	

16k
		Connecticut
	

16k
		Michigan
	

15k
		Indiana
	

14k
		Registration Rights Agreement
	

14k
		Recitals
	

13k
		Tennessee
	

13k
		Arizona
	

13k
		Missouri
	

12k
		Purchase Agreement
	

12k
		Promissory Note
	

12k
		Indenture
	

11k
		Warrant
	

11k
		Louisiana
	

11k
		Kansas
	

11k
		Utah
	

11k
		Wisconsin
	

10k
		Oklahoma
	

9k
		Securities Purchase Agreement
	

9k
		Agreement And Plan Of Merger
	

8k
		Iowa
	

8k
		Supplemental Indenture
	

8k
		Note
	

8k
		Equity Incentive Plan
	

7k
		Kentucky
	

7k
		Stock Purchase Agreement
	

7k
		Alabama
	














×









      Have an account? Sign in here.

Law Insider
Recover your password







No account? Register Now!


No account? Register Now!
Sign in
by using one of this services











or







Forgot your password?


Have an account? Sign in here.
Join Law Insider
for Free
by using one of this services











or







By registering you agree to our
      terms of service.












Kirkland & Ellis LLP > Schein, Dr. Oded


















































The search term(s) you entered did not locate any results. 
Click here to try again or resume browsing.



































LAWYER SEARCH


 Dr. Oded Schein - Partner
KIRKLAND & ELLIS INTERNATIONAL LLP






















Dr. Oded Schein
oded.schein@kirkland.com
Download V-Card
					Munich
							Phone: +49 89 2030 6074
							Fax:  +49 89 2030 6100



Tax



2008, German Tax Adviser
2000, Germany




Regional Court of Darmstadt and Higher Regional Court of Frankfurt, Germany, Second State Examination, 1999 
Albert-Ludwigs-Universität Freiburg, Germany, First State Examination, 1997, Law Studies, 1995-1997
Johann Wolfgang Goethe-Universität Frankfurt am Main, Germany, Law Studies, 1994, Business School, 1994
Justus Liebig-Universität Gießen, Germany, Law Studies, 1993, Business School, 1993



German
English
French
Hebrew









Professional Profile
To view a German language version of Dr. Oded Schein's profile, please click here.
Dr. Oded Schein is a tax partner in the Munich office of Kirkland & Ellis International LLP. Oded has experience in German and international tax planning and provides tax-related advice in the context of cross-border private equity transactions. Furthermore, he focuses on the structuring of investment vehicles for commercial and private investors and advises on restructurings. Oded played an essential role in the development of complex solutions for corporate reorganizations.
Oded was selected to the 2012–2017 editions of Chambers Europe, Europe’s Leading Lawyers for Business for Taxes.

Representative Matters


Coordinating committee of first lien lenders of Jack Wolfskin on the comprehensive financial restructuring


Accuride Corporation on the acquisition of Mefro Wheels GmbH


Creat Group Corporation on the EUR 940 million public takeover of Biotest AG; to date one of the largest investments by a Chinese company in the Western health sector


Bain Capital and Cinven on their EUR 5.3 billion joint public takeover offer for the German pharmaceutical company Stada Arzneimittel AG; to date the largest private equity transaction ever realized in the German market


Major shareholders of IVG in connection with the sale of Officefirst to Blackstone


Ad hoc committee of senior noteholders of HETA Asset Resolution AG




Founder of Canyon Bicycles on the sale of a minority interest to TSG Consumer Partners


Bain Capital and its portfolio company Wittur on the acquisition of a majority stake in Sematic Group


Summit Partners in connection with the sale of their majority investment in 360T Beteiligungs GmbH


PSAV on the acquisition of KFP Group


Braas Monier and its stakeholders in connection with refinancing, high-yield bond and IPO


Largest lender of SolarWorld AG in connection with debt-equity-swap


Ad hoc committee of SynLoan I lenders of IVG Immobilien AG


Intermediate Capital Group on the refinancing of, and acquisition of an equity stake in, nora systems group


Gilde Buy Out Partners on the sale of Hofmann Menü-Manufaktur to Partners Group


Peak-Ryzex, a portfolio company of Keystone Capital, Inc., in connection with the investment in Movilitas Consulting AG


Ranir, LLC’s German subsidiary Ranir GmbH on the acquisition of insolvent Frisetta Kunststoff GmbH's business


H.I.G. Capital Partners on the acquisition of St. Gilgen International School


Bain Capital on the acquisition of Apex Tool Group from Danaher Corporation and Cooper Industries


Golden Gate Capital in the disposal of Vistec Semiconductor Systems Group


Summit Partners in connection with the acquisition of Bigpoint Group, the leading European online gaming platform


Change Capital Partners on the acquisition of a majority stake in Schneekoppe group


Apollo Management, TowerBrook Capital Partners and York Capital Management in connection with the lender-led restructuring of the obligations of Monier Group


Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd. on its EUR 3.6 billion acquisition of Merckle/ratiopharm group



Publications


Chapter on overview of distressed trading and legal structuring of direct lending deals in Germany in: Investing in Distressed Debt in Europe (TMA Handbook for Practitioners 2016) (co-author with Sacha Lürken and Wolfgang Nardi)



Prior Experience
HAARMANN Partnerschaftsgesellschaft, Frankfurt, Germany
Associate (2006–2007)
Haarmann Hemmelrath & Partner GbR, Frankfurt, Germany
Associate (April–December 2005)








U.S.
Boston
Chicago
Houston
Los Angeles
New York
Palo Alto
San Francisco
Washington, D.C.


Europe
London
Munich


Asia
Beijing
Hong Kong
Shanghai







Attorney Advertising
Disclaimer
Privacy Policy
Safe Harbor Privacy Policy


Contact Us
Sitemap
Client Extranet Login
Employee Remote Login

LARGER TEXT



	&copy 2017 Kirkland & Ellis LLP




















Conn's appointed Jim Haworth and Oded Shein to its Board as Independent Directors






























































































































[email protected]








twitterlinkedin







About

Our Vision, our Mission
Our Team
Our Values
Our Partners
FAQ
Terms & Conditions
Privacy policy


Board News

latest Board News
Board News by location…

Europe
USA / Canada
Middle East
all the others


Board News by company type

Public / Listed
VC / PE backed
Privately held
Trust / Fund / REIT


Board News by industry…

Life Sciences / Health Care
Financials
Information Technology


Women on Board
submit a Press Release


Board Directory

Company Press Releases
Public / Listed
Global 500
Fortune 500
Private or VC / PE backed
Unicorns
Trust / Fund


Newsletter
Contact
Log In
Register

Select PageAbout    Our Vision, our Mission
    Our Team
    Our Values
    Our Partners
    FAQ
    Terms & Conditions
    Privacy policy
Board News    latest Board News
    Board News by location…        Europe
        USA / Canada
        Middle East
        all the others
    Board News by company type        Public / Listed
        VC / PE backed
        Privately held
        Trust / Fund / REIT
    Board News by industry…        Life Sciences / Health Care
        Financials
        Information Technology
    Women on Board
    submit a Press Release
Board Directory    Company Press Releases
    Public / Listed
    Global 500
    Fortune 500
    Private or VC / PE backed
    Unicorns
    Trust / Fund
Newsletter
Contact
Log In
Register







HomeBoard - USA / Can. Board Listed/Public Companies Conn’s appointed Jim Haworth and Oded Shein to its Board as Independent Directors Conn’s appointed Jim Haworth and Oded Shein to its Board as Independent Directors








March 25, 2016
By  Talent4Boards Team
Comments are Off
Board - USA / Can., Board Listed/Public Companies


– USA, TX – Conn’s, Inc. (NASDAQ:CONN), a specialty retailer of furniture, mattresses, home appliances and consumer electronics, and provider of consumer credit, today announced that James Haworth and Oded Shein have been appointed as independent directors effective March 22, 2016. Mr. Haworth and Mr. Shein are filling the vacancies created by the earlier retirement of Jon Jacoby in May 2015 and the resignation of Scott Thompson upon his appointment as Chief Executive Officer of Tempur Sealy International in September 2015.
“Jim and Oded are proven leaders with more than a half century of combined retail experience,” said Theodore M. Wright, Non-Executive Chairman of the Board, Conn’s. “They add even greater depth to our Board as we continue implementing Conn’s strategic plan.”
Mr. Haworth – the Chairman of Professional Bull Riders, Inc., since 2012, and its Chief Executive Officer from 2011-2015 – has more than three decades of retail experience including 20 years at Wal-Mart Stores, Inc., where he rose through the ranks to Chief Operating Officer from Assistant Store Manager, and serving as Executive Vice President, President of Retail Services and Transformation Officer at Sears Holding Corporation. He was also Founder and President at Business Decisions Inc., a strategic product-marketing firm, and Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of C.P. Lotus Corp., an investment holding company with retail interests in China. Mr. Haworth is a graduate of Central Missouri State University.
Mr. Shein combines more than 20 years of retail leadership with hands-on credit and risk management experience. He is currently Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Stage Stores, Inc., a Houston-based retailer that operates approximately 830 stores in small- and mid-sized markets under the Bealls, Goody’s, Palais Royal, Peebles and Stage names. This followed executive-level finance positions at multi-billion dollar retailers Belk, Inc., and Charming Shoppes, Inc. Previously, Mr. Shein spent five years in various capacities at Spirit of America National Bank, a credit card bank owned by Charming Shoppes. He has a bachelor’s degree from Baruch College and an MBA from Columbia University.
“I am pleased Oded and Jim are joining our Board of Directors and know they will contribute to Conn’s continued growth and evolution,” said Norm Miller, President and Chief Executive Officer, Conn’s. “I look forward to working with them during this exciting time for the Company.”
About Conn’s, Inc.
Conn’s is a specialty retailer currently operating over 100 retail locations in 12 states: Arizona, Colorado, Georgia, Louisiana, Mississippi, Nevada, New Mexico, North Carolina, Oklahoma, South Carolina, Tennessee and Texas.
- Disclaimer - News, data and statement included in this release are intended exclusively for information purposes. Product and brand names used in this release maybe trademarks or registered trade marks of their respective owners. Talent4Boards accepts neither liability for the consequences of the reader’s reliance, nor responsibility for the adequacy or accuracy of this release. No data or statement in this release should be considered a recommendation for the purchase, retention or sale of the securities referred to herein.Other related posts:Conn’s appointed Norman Miller to its Board of Directors as CEOConn’s appoints Ted Saunders to its Board of DirectorsAsbury Automotive Group elected Joel Alsfine and Scott Thompson to the Board of DirectorsTalent4Boards Teamhere the original post => 





Comments are closed.



Latest Boardroom News


Standard Chartered announces Dr Ngozi Okonjo-Iweala to its Board as upcoming Independent Non-Executive Director
July 27, 2017



Tri-Star Resources appoints Mark Wellesley-Wood as Executive Chairman
July 27, 2017



Pacific City Financial appoints Sang Lee as new Chairman of the Board of Directors
July 27, 2017



Medallion Financial adds John Everets to its Board as Independent Director
July 27, 2017



Morgan Stanley announces Board member Tom Glocer as upcoming Independent Lead Director
July 27, 2017











Random BoardsDecibel InsightNexonSkipton Building SocietyJPMorgan Asian Investment TrustNielsen Holdings











© 2013-2017 - Talent4Boards Inc. - All rights reserved.  - Geneva - Miami - London - Boston - Paris - Shanghai - Monaco -































	Dental Supplies and Equipment - Henry Schein





















































































































My Account






Forgot
User ID



Forgot

Password




You have entered an Invalid User ID and/or Password. Please re-enter.


Try again



  Login


Create An Online Account









	
                For further assistance, please contact E-Commerce Technical Support at 1-800-711-6032, Monday through Friday between 8:00am-8:00 pm ET.
            

Forgot your User ID?
Forgot your Password?








Menu





Filters




Result Found In


























English
 |


Español

Español






Contact Us




Help


















Dental Supplies



























/










For discount dental supplies, equipment and products, no one  offers the selection and value you'll find at Henry Schein Dental, North America's leading dental supply company.
We carry thousands of innovative, high quality dental equipment and products for Endodontic, Oral Surgery, Orthodontic, Periodontic, Pedodontic and Prosthodontic specialties. 
Save with Formulary Pricing
Unlike other suppliers, Henry Schein Dental offers formulary pricing programs (contract level pricing). As a Fortune 500 company we are able to negotiate with our suppliers to develop a comprehensive formulary that is not currently enjoyed by many of your colleagues. You are not required to make  an annual commitment and there's no vendor minimum. 
Maximize the efficiency, profitability and success of your dental practice with Henry Schein Dental. We offer superior products and low formulary pricing, backed by excellent customer service and an extensive suite of value-added Dental Services.

Specialty Dental Supplies & Catalogs
To learn more about our exceptional selection of products, visit  the specialty pages below, view our online catalogs or request a printed catalog to be mailed to you.
Endodontic Dental Supplies
We carry endodontic  products made by many of the top of the world's most respected manufacturers including  SybronEndo, Dentsply Maillefer, Hygenic,  Plastic Endo and our own Henry  Schein brand.
Orthodontic  Supplies
Shop our complete line of orthodontic dental supplies under the Henry Schein  brand including orthodontic  kits, dental chairs, instruments, expanders, elastics, and much more.
Oral Surgery Instruments & Supplies
Henry Schein is the premier resource for discount oral surgery products, instruments, tools and equipment including handpieces, burs, and forceps. Our exclusive money-saving purchasing program has been endorsed by The American College of Oral and Maxillofacial Surgeons. 
Periodontic Supplies
Save  on all your periodontal supplies including periodontal surgery supplies,  instruments and equipment. 
Dental Practice Solutions
Henry  Schein Dental is also recognized  for our Dental Practice Solutions which  provide more effective tools for managing and marketing your practice and  communicating with your patients. 
Contact Us About Wholesale Dental Supplies & Products
Purchase all your dental supplies from Henry Schein Dental and save.
Shop now, view our online catalogs, or request a free catalog by mail. For more information about Henry Schein Dental or about discount dental supplies, equipment, and products, call us toll free at 1-800-372-4346 8am-8:30pm ET.
Search our online catalog for dental supplies and products.



 


Search:
 



  within Items Purchased


 You must enter a keyword or an item code to search the Web site.





Search Method:
 




 
Contains (Fuzzy Search) - Find products where the keywords or numbers entered are found anywhere within the product details.



 
Match Words - Find products based on an exact match of the keywords or item code entered within the product details.



 
Begins With - Find products where the keywords or numbers entered are found at the beginning of a word or item code in the product details.








  
 
 
  















        Featured Offers        
    










Show All...
























                Product compare 0

 Show compare bar
                









Checkout

Continue Shopping

PLACE ORDER

Review Order

CONTINUE TO REVIEW ORDER

Add to Cart








                    Product compare 0

 Show compare bar
                    


[Title]
[ItemCode] | [Manufacturer — ManufacturerCode]



















                            You may only compare five (5) products at a time.                            
                        






                You have 
                
0 out of 5 products
                 to compare selected.
                
                

 Back to Cart Bar
                



 Product Compare
                


0 out of 5 selected
                    



 Back to Cart Bar
                


















                   View Compare
                


                    Clear All
                










Product Compare



0 out of 5 selected
                            















Clear All





                    View Compare
                






















 PRINT
 CLOSE




 REMOVE ALL













































	Search Engine Marketing (SEM) - Bing Ads








































































































Skip to content











Sign upSign in


 


















You run your business. We'll help find your customers.
Bing Ads can help build your business and drive your success. Spend $25 and get $100 in advertising credit.†

†Offer details




Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.







Coupon code class

First name:

Last name:

Email:

Your website URL

Business phone



*Required
Microsoft may contact you to provide updates and special offers about Bing Ads. You can unsubscribe at any time. To learn more you can read the privacy statement.
Type the code from the image:

Enter security code:







             























×
Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.


†Offer Details: Offer expires December 31, 2017.  Valid only for new Bing Ads customers who are first party recipients of the offer email. A new Bing Ads customer is one that has not advertised on Bing Ads before. Enter promotional coupon code and spend $25 (applies to threshold and prepaid accounts) to receive $100 in Bing Ads credits. Limit one promotion code per new Bing Ads customer. Promotional code must be redeemed within thirty (30) days of Bing Ads new customer account creation. Ad campaign costs accrued before receiving a credit, as well as costs accrued after all credits are used, will be charged to the payment method associated with the Bing Ads account. If customer payment fails, the coupon amount will not be applied.  Ads will continue to run and accrue costs after any promotional credit has been used up. Any portion of the credit not used within ninety (90) days of credit redemption will expire and can't be carried over even if the Bing Ads Customer switches their payment method. Offer valid only to residents of the United States. In order for the offer to be valid, a form of payment must be entered into your account prior to redemption of the promotional code and prior to your account going live to take advantage of the credit. This offer may not be combined with any other offer, promotional code coupon or discount, separated, redeemed for cash, transferred, sold, or bartered. Microsoft, in its sole discretion, can close your account for any suspected coupon abuse. Refund of the $25 is not permitted.  See Bing Ads Terms and Conditions for more details at sign-up. Other terms and conditions may apply.  Microsoft reserves the right to cancel, change, or suspend this offer at any time without notice.









See how Bing Ads works



Customers search


Customers see your ad


Customers contact you


Watch how Bing Ads works  
 








×
How Bing Ads works

















Help more customers find you
See how Bing can attract customers your Google AdWords campaigns can't.

Reach 137 million searchers on the Bing Network.1
Tap into 32.9% of the search marketplace.2
Get in front of searchers who spend 16 percent more than the average internet searcher.2











Powerful network. Powerful benefits.



Reach across devicesConnect with customers looking for your business anytime, anywhere, on any device.


Go global or localReach people in the Bing Network everywhere or focus on cities, counties and areas within a certain distance from your business.


Easy to importIf you're already using another product like Google Adwords, it's easy to pull that campaign into Bing Ads.








You control your costs

 Free sign-upJoin Bing Ads for free and control your account at every step.


 Only pay for clicksPay just when customers click on your ad. No click, no charge.


 No minimum feeStart advertising with a budget that works best for your business.









 



The advantage we gain in cost per click gives us a great return on investment — more than 35 percent better than Google AdWords.
Scott Redgate, search engine marketing manager — CJ Pony Parts
By using Bing Ads features like Image Extensions and Sitelink Extensions, this auto parts retailer races to convert customers and beat its competition.

 Read about driving more conversions







 



We might not get as much of the volume as with Google AdWords, but the volume of the traffic that we get converts really well at a lower cost.
Scott Schult, Executive Vice President of Marketing — Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau
The Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau uses Bing Ads to drive site traffic and tourism at lower cost.

 Read about getting better ROI








Better results for less cost. That's as simple as I can make it. If I look at the quality of the traffic we get for the dollars we spend on Bing Ads, our ROI is fantastic.
Alex Littlewood, CEO   Motoroso
Motoroso, a market network for auto enthusiasts, gets better results for less cost and reaches a high-value audience with Bing Ads.

 Read about attracting quality traffic



 









Import your AdWords campaigns

Save time by importing your Google AdWords campaigns into Bing Ads to get ads live quickly.


Sign in with your Microsoft account (or create one) to get started on Bing Ads.


From within the Bing Ads interface, select the Import from Google AdWords option.


Enter your Google AdWords credentials and select the campaign you want to import.










Preview your ad

Get found online with search engine marketing. Make the most of your marketing dollars and drive customers to your business.
See how Bing Ads can work for you




















Get started today
Give us a few details about your business to create a Bing Ads account and get it up and running.


  
Sign up
Get started with Bing Ads 
Signing up is always free.













FAQ


Is Bing Ads right for me?

Is Bing Ads right for my business?
All types of businesses find value and success with Bing Ads. Whether you're focused on local calls and foot traffic, or want to drive traffic to your website from across the country or around the world. Bing Ads has solutions for you.
I already appear in search results for free. Why should I pay for advertising?
Your current customers may search for your business by name, aiming it easy to find you in search results. But customers you've yet to reach are more likely searching for general terms that wouldn't necessarily bring up your business in search results. Advertising next to relevant Bing search results puts your business front and center with interested customers you otherwise might not reach.
What is the difference between SEO and SEM? Which one is right for me?
Search engine optimization (SEO) is adjusting your website to improve your natural ranking in search results. You cannot pay to improve your website ranking on Bing or Yahoo, thus we often refer to these results and unpaid or "organic" search results.

	Clicks from SEO are free. But SEO also requires technical expertise and involves some factors over which you have only limited control.

	Search engine marketing (SEM) is paid advertising that appears next to or above unpaid (or "organic") search results. These paid ads are purchased through Bing Ads.

	You pay for SEM clicks. But SEM gives you more control over when your website appears on results pages and you decide how much you want to pay. And you can measure which ads are working and quickly improve your results.

	You don't have to choose between SEO and SEM. You can do both!
If my time is limited, should I still try Bing ads?
Yes! Call a Bing Ads specialist at 877-635-3561*and we’ll set up your first campaign for you for free. We’ll give you tips on getting the most out of your ads and set you up for success. We’re here to help.




About Bing Ads

Where does my ad appear?
Your ads could appear on the top or to the right of Bing, Yahoo, and MSN search results. And you can choose to target your ads to different geographic regions, times or days of the week, and even demographics.
What determines my ad position?
Bing Ads is a pay-per-click (PPC) advertising system. You bid based on how much you are willing to pay per each click on your ad. Because webpages have a limited number of places to show ads, we auction those spaces. You are bidding against other advertisers to get your ads into the space you want. So if you bid on the keyword "shoe", you will have to beat the bids of the other advertisers who are also bidding on "shoe." You determine how much you are willing to bid.
	Your ad position is based on several things, including:
	
How closely your ad and website fit with the terms that are searched (relevance).
How your bid compares to other bids in the Bing Ads auction.
How strongly your ad has performed in the past and how often it has been clicked (click-through rate).

	The stronger you are in these areas, the better your chances of winning the top ad position.




How to use Bing Ads

How can I use Bing Ads to drive more people to my website?
Here are some tips to get better results:
	
Review your budget and bid strategy. If your ad keeps pausing, your budget limit may be set too low. Competitive bids help your ad stay in a strong position to catch eyes and get more clicks to your website.
Expand your targeting, both for location and for devices (computer, mobile and tablet).
Make sure your ads and website are relevant to the keywords you bid on. Would someone searching your terms expect to see and ad for your business?


How can I keep my costs down?
While your first instinct may be to lower your budget, first try lowering your maximum bids. Yes, this could mean fewer customers visit your site. But if you increase your quality score and build ads with a strong performance history, you may be able to win a good ad position with a lower bid. That would lower your cost=per-click and help stretch your budget.
How do I know if Bing Ads is working?
View a wide range of performance trends in your account to quickly see key stats: ad clicks, the number of times your ad appeared (impressions), spend, average cost-per-click, click-through rate, average ad position, cost per acquisition, and conversions. You can also run performance reports to get insights into how well your campaigns are doing.
Can I run more than one ad?
Yes! In fact, we encourage it. Only one ad will show at a time but running multiple ads lets you test different approaches to see what's working best with your target customers. Frequently, businesses try out different ads for specific products or pages.




Getting started with Bing Ads

How do I get started?
Sign up for Bing Ads
Which keywords should I choose?
You have a few options to help choose your keywords. First you'll want to think of the terms one of your customers might use to search for your products and offerings. Those search terms are a great starting point. Then you can use tools right in your account to find more keywords. Within Bing Ads, click Campaigns on the top of the page. Click the Keywords tab, and then click Add Keywords. This will let you:
	
Search for new keywords based on one you enter.
Search a website for keywords.
Search your destination URLs for keywords.


How can I write a good ad?
Here are a few tips that can help make your ad stand out.
	
Keep your ads relevant. One way to improve relevance is to use your customer's most popular search terms in your ad titles and txt.
Describe what sets your product apart.
Use your customers' language. Use words and writing tone that are likely to attract your typical customer.
Be specific. This clearer and more specific your offering, the better. For example, rather than "big discount," specify and exact percentage, such as "50 percent off."
Give customers a reason to click your ad right now. Offer a specific call to action, such as encouraging customers to request a brochure or consultation, download a free e-book, subscribe to a newsletter, or take advantage of a limited-time discount.























Sign up with Bing Ads to get started





































