










Shelter Ins Retirement Plan Buys BB&T - Nasdaq.com

















































































Hot Topics:
ETFs |
Smart Portfolio |
Currencies |
Online Broker Center















Search










































Shelter Ins Retirement Plan Buys BB&T


April 14, 2017, 07:38:02 PM EDT
By insider, GuruFocus









































Shutterstock photo


Shelter Ins Retirement PlanNew Purchases: BBT ,Added Positions: GILD , IEMG ,Reduced Positions:UNP, MMM, XOM, BRK.A,For the details of Shelter Ins Retirement Plan's stock buys and sells, go to http://www.gurufocus.com/StockBuy.php?GuruName=Shelter+Ins+Retirement+PlanThese are the top 5 holdings of Shelter Ins Retirement PlanOracle Corp ( ORCL ) - 244,000 shares, 4.84% of the total portfolio.Berkshire Hathaway Inc (BRK.A) - 42 shares, 4.66% of the total portfolio. Shares reduced by 6.67%Wal-Mart Stores Inc ( WMT ) - 130,324 shares, 4.17% of the total portfolio.PepsiCo Inc ( PEP ) - 74,800 shares, 3.72% of the total portfolio.International Business Machines Corp ( IBM ) - 47,800 shares, 3.7% of the total portfolio.New Purchase: BB&T Corp ( BBT )Shelter Ins Retirement Plan initiated holdings in BB&T Corp. The purchase prices were between $44 and $49.7, with an estimated average price of $46.72. The stock is now traded at around $42.62. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.31%. The holdings were 15,600 shares as of 2017-03-31.BBT 15-Year Financial DataThe intrinsic value of BBTPeter Lynch Chart of BBTPremium MembersThis article first appeared on GuruFocus .



The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc.











This article appears in:
Investing                           
                            
                                , Stocks





Referenced Symbols:

                                        ORCL
                                    
, 

                                        WMT
                                    
, 

                                        PEP
                                    
, 

                                        IBM
                                    
, 

                                        BBT
                                    












More from GuruFocus



Subscribe




A Strategy Ben Graham Used for 30 Years
Are CEOs Buying?
Market Overvalued, How to Invest?














Related Stocks Articles




Subscribe







Ask a Fool: Are There Any Stocks Still Undervalued Now?


						7/28/2017 02:45 PM
					



Intel Corporation Benefiting From the Memory Boom


						7/28/2017 02:45 PM
					



What Kohl's Management Doesn't Want Shareholders to Focus On


						7/28/2017 02:44 PM
					














Contributor:GuruFocus
Stock Picks, Portfolios



Follow on:

























Most Popular




Highest Rated








Mitel To Acquire ShoreTel - Quick Facts
Sientra Completes Acquisition of Miramar Labs®
Seagate Technology PLC Q4 Profit Rises 174%
LedgerX gets U.S. approval for derivatives on digital currencies
U.S. Fines Frontier, American And Delta For Violating Consumer







Shareholders Approve Major Structural Change to Top Performing...
Yatra Attains Leadership Position in Corporate Travel With the...
Mitel To Acquire ShoreTel - Quick Facts
Miller Heiman Group Selects CallidusCloud Datahug for Pipeline...
Tractor Supply Company Reports Second Quarter Results




View All Highest Rated






















Research Brokers before you trade



		Compare Online Brokers
	


Want to trade FX?



		Visit our Forex Broker Center 
	
















Find a Credit Card



                    Select a credit card product by:
                


 Card Type
 Credit Score
 Card Issuer



                    Select an offer:
                





0% APR Credit CardsAirline Credit CardsBalance Transfer Credit CardsBusiness Credit CardsCash Back Credit CardsCharge CardsCharge Cards for BusinessEMV Smart ChipsGas Cards & Auto RewardsHome Improvement Rewards Credit CardsInstant Approval Credit CardsLow Interest Credit CardsNo Annual Fee Credit CardsNo Foreign Transaction Fee Credit CardsPoints Rewards Credit CardsPrepaid & Debit CardsReward Credit CardsStudent Credit CardsTop 10 Best Credit Card Deals and Offers




Bad CreditCredit Quality AverageCredit Quality ExcellentCredit Quality FairCredit Quality GoodLimited or No Credit HistoryPersonal Loans




American ExpressAmerican Express Airline CardsAmerican Express Business CardsAmerican Express Cash Back Credit CardsAmerican Express Charge CardsBarclaycardCapital OneCapital One Cash BackCapital One Fair CreditCapital One MilesCapital One PointsCapital One Prepaid Credit CardsChaseCiti Credit CardsDiscoverDiscover CashbackDiscover MilesDiscover Student Credit CardsMasterCard Credit CardsU.S. BankUSAAUSAA SavingsVisa Credit Cards







Search





Data Provided by BankRate.com






Stocks

Referenced





ORCL








91%



Rate It





WMT








71%



Rate It





PEP








85%



Rate It





IBM








75%



Rate It





BBT








100%



Rate It































CLOSEX

Edit Favorites

Enter up to 25 symbols separated by commas or spaces in the text box below. These symbols will be available during your session for use on applicable pages.






Update

Clear List







CLOSEX
Customize your NASDAQ.com experience
Background Color Selector

Select the background color of your choice:





 Black
							





 Slate Gray
							






 Light Gray
							





 Gray Blue
							






Quote Search

Select a default target page for your quote search:



						 Real-Time

						 After Hours

						 Pre-Market
 News
					


						 Flash Quote

						 Summary Quote

						 Interactive Charts

						 Default Setting




					Please note that once you make your selection, it will apply to all future visits to NASDAQ.com.
					If, at any time, you are interested in reverting to our default settings, please select Default Setting above.
					
					If you have any questions or encounter any issues in changing your default settings, please email isfeedback@nasdaq.com.
				





CLOSEX
Please confirm your selection:

					You have selected to change your default setting for the Quote Search. This will now be your default target page;
					unless you change your configuration again, or you delete your
					cookies. Are you sure you want to change your settings?


YES
NO













CLOSEX


Please disable your ad blocker (or update your settings to ensure that javascript and cookies are enabled), so that we can continue to provide you with the first-rate market news and data you've come to expect from us.





CLOSEX








































﻿






























Vicus Capital Boosts Stake in BHP Billiton Limited (NYSE:BHP) - Chaffey Breeze













































 
















 



  
 
 
























Daily Ratings & News for BHP Billiton Limited

        
	Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor BHP Billiton Limited with our free daily email newsletter:










Follow @chaffeybreeze












Recent Posts

Eaton Vance Tax-Managed Global Dive Eq Announces Monthly Dividend of $0.08 (NYSE:EXG)
Kelly Services, Inc. (NASDAQ:KELYA) Stake Lowered by Court Place Advisors LLC
Court Place Advisors LLC Buys 7 Shares of Exelon Corporation (NYSE:EXC)
Court Place Advisors LLC Has $1,437,000 Position in CDK Global Inc (CDK)
Vicus Capital Boosts Stake in BHP Billiton Limited (NYSE:BHP)
Cornerstone Financial Partners LLC Has $278,000 Stake in Las Vegas Sands Corp. (LVS)
Freeport-McMoran, Inc. (FCX) Shares Sold by Cornerstone Financial Partners LLC
Cornerstone Financial Partners LLC Sells 8,418 Shares of The Goodyear Tire & Rubber Company (NASDAQ:GT)
Steel Dynamics, Inc. (NASDAQ:STLD) Shares Bought by Cornerstone Financial Partners LLC
Nucor Corporation (NUE) Stake Held by Court Place Advisors LLC
Ligand Pharmaceuticals Incorporated (NASDAQ:LGND) Position Cut by Court Place Advisors LLC
SEI Investments Company (NASDAQ:SEIC) is Court Place Advisors LLC’s 10th Largest Position
Prescott Group Capital Management L.L.C. Maintains Stake in CarMax Inc (KMX)
Prescott Group Capital Management L.L.C. Holds Position in Penn National Gaming, Inc. (PENN)
Papa Murphy’s Holdings, Inc. (NASDAQ:FRSH) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Buy”
Fulton Bank N.A. Sells 352 Shares of Align Technology, Inc. (NASDAQ:ALGN)
McKesson Corporation (MCK) Shares Bought by Banque Pictet & Cie SA
Jazz Pharmaceuticals PLC (NASDAQ:JAZZ) Shares Sold by Xact Kapitalforvaltning AB
2,054,200 Shares in Apollo Global Management, LLC (APO) Acquired by Bank of Montreal Can
Capital Investment Advisors LLC Has $151,000 Stake in Whitestone REIT (NYSE:WSR)







Vicus Capital Boosts Stake in BHP Billiton Limited (NYSE:BHP)


					Posted by Harper Lund on Jul 23rd, 2017 // No Comments




Vicus Capital boosted its position in  BHP Billiton Limited (NYSE:BHP) by 14.4% during the second quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The firm owned 88,991 shares of the mining company’s stock after buying an additional 11,205 shares during the period. Vicus Capital’s holdings in BHP Billiton Limited were worth $3,167,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. 
A number of other hedge funds have also recently made changes to their positions in the company. Proficio Capital Partners LLC raised its stake in shares of  BHP Billiton Limited by 122.8% in the first quarter. Proficio Capital Partners LLC now owns 3,133 shares of the mining company’s stock worth $114,000 after buying an additional 1,727 shares during the last quarter.  Fifth Third Bancorp raised its stake in shares of  BHP Billiton Limited by 14.6% in the first quarter. Fifth Third Bancorp now owns 3,345 shares of the mining company’s stock worth $121,000 after buying an additional 426 shares during the last quarter.  Bollard Group LLC raised its stake in shares of  BHP Billiton Limited by 205.3% in the first quarter. Bollard Group LLC now owns 3,493 shares of the mining company’s stock worth $127,000 after buying an additional 2,349 shares during the last quarter.  Cohen Capital Management Inc. purchased a new stake in shares of  BHP Billiton Limited during the first quarter worth approximately $131,000.  Finally, V Wealth Management LLC purchased a new stake in shares of  BHP Billiton Limited during the second quarter worth approximately $133,000. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own  2.99% of the company’s stock. 


 Get BHP Billiton Limited alerts:



BHP Billiton Limited (NYSE BHP) traded down 1.07% during trading on Friday, hitting $38.79. The stock had a trading volume of 2,473,895 shares. BHP Billiton Limited has a one year low of $28.02 and a one year high of $41.79. The stock has a 50 day moving average of $36.12 and a 200 day moving average of $37.23. The firm has a market capitalization of $103.22 billion, a P/E ratio of 41.62 and a beta of 1.09. 





COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: “Vicus Capital Boosts Stake in BHP Billiton Limited (NYSE:BHP)” was  posted by Chaffey Breeze and is owned by of Chaffey Breeze. If you are reading this article on another website, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of international trademark and copyright laws. The original version of this article can be read at https://www.chaffeybreeze.com/2017/07/23/vicus-capital-boosts-stake-in-bhp-billiton-limited-nysebhp.html. 
A number of brokerages recently commented on BHP. Zacks Investment Research lowered BHP Billiton Limited from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a research report on Monday, June 12th. Citigroup Inc. lowered BHP Billiton Limited from a “buy” rating to a “neutral” rating and lowered their price objective for the stock from $41.79 to $28.02 in a research report on Wednesday. HSBC Holdings plc lowered BHP Billiton Limited from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Friday, July 14th. BidaskClub upgraded BHP Billiton Limited from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating in a research report on Tuesday, July 11th. Finally, Argus lowered their price objective on BHP Billiton Limited from $46.00 to $34.00 and set a “buy” rating for the company in a research report on Tuesday, June 27th. Two investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, eight have given a hold rating, eight have given a buy rating and one  has issued  a strong buy rating to the company’s stock. BHP Billiton Limited presently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $34.24.
About BHP Billiton Limited
BHP Billiton Limited is a global resources company. The Company is a producer of various commodities, including iron ore, metallurgical coal, copper and uranium. Its segments include Petroleum, Copper, Iron Ore and Coal. The Petroleum segment is engaged in the exploration, development and production of oil and gas.
Want to see what other hedge funds are holding BHP? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for BHP Billiton Limited (NYSE:BHP).







Receive News & Ratings for BHP Billiton Limited Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for BHP Billiton Limited and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.








 






















Latest News





Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name  (Required) 



Mail (will not be published)  (Required) 



Website












 

 














































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Bay Area In Home Care | Care Indeed























































  

Care Indeed (650) 328-1001 


 Safe Reliable and Affordable Home Care from professionals who truly careCaring for a loved one is a journey that can bring significant life changes. You have a choice not to do everything alone. We're here to help. Bay Area In Home CareOur mission is to help our clients live independently and with dignity in an environment that they prefer the most - home!We develop a personalized care plan to enhance the lives of our clients. We give personal attention and professional insight every step of the way. Care Indeed provides our caregivers with convenient online training andcontinuing education. This online training meets AB-1217's training requirementsand equips our caregivers with the skills they need to provide high quality care.
 Care Indeed™ provides Home Care Services: live-in and hourly 


 
Schedule your Free Initial Consultation >> 






















Care Indeed is known in the San Francisco Bay Area as the 24/7 Home Care Specialist. Our passion shows.

Adding Years to Life and Life to Years Though the Years



We are here to help our clients live life fully and with meaning despite their health challenges. We provide a caring environment that promotes a client's safety, dignity, and quality of life. Serving the entire Bay Area including San Francisco, Palo Alto, Menlo Park, San Jose, San Mateo, Lamorinda and Walnut Creek with personalized in home care services. Call Care Indeed today 877.504.3822.




 



BAY AREA HELP IS AVAILABLE

Care Indeed is here to help not only the patient but also the family member who’s caring for the patient as well. 

People with chronic conditions or disabilities prefer to be cared for at home as much as possible so they can be in familiar surroundings and with the people they love. The family member who is faced with an ongoing battle, whether it is a loved one's disease or impairment, may find his or her life changed. At some point, he or she will need help in order to stay emotionally and physically fit to care for his or her loved one. 

We can help the family member  prepare for the uncertainty that a loved one's health problem brings.

Learn More >


 




 

 

PERSONALIZED HOME CARE SERVICES
At Care Indeed, we develop a personalized care plan to enhance the lives of our clients.  Watch the short video below for more info.








 
SUBSCRIBE TO OUR NEWSLETTER
 


EmailFirst NameLast Name
Sorry. You must have JavaScript enabled to fill out this form.



 




 
What Makes CARE INDEED Different? Bay Area in Home Care.


24/7 Servicing
Hands-on Care
Fastest Placement Possible
Competitive Pricing
No Contracts




Not a Franchise
Run by Registered & Licensed Nurses
Stringent Background Screening & Interview Process
In-depth Caregiver Training and Continuing Education




 
Testimonials
  Trustpilot  ​




“Thank you. We very much appreciate the high quality of care for Scott that the “Night Team” provides. We sleep well, knowing he is well cared for while he dreams. All the best.” 
- Nancy & family



“Your wonderful caregivers were terrific! I couldn’t have gotten through all my doctor’s appointments without them. I was impressed that we could get such high-quality help at the last minute. You run a great service.” 
- Dorothy J. Ph.D.

Read More Testimonials >


LATEST NEWS
How You Can Help An Aging Senior Deal With ConstipationJuly 22, 2017 By Amy Leave a CommentIt's a subject not many want to talk about, but an important one to address considering many seniors suffer from constipation.  Our Bay Area in-home care agency has a few tips to help an aging senior … [Read More...]As A Caregiver For An Aging Parent, Are You Exhausted?July 15, 2017 By Amy Leave a CommentAs a caregiving agency providing services for those in the San Francisco Bay Area, we know the impact being a caregiver for an aging parent can have on grown children.  Not only do you provide care, … [Read More...]Staving Off Dementia Through Lifestyle Changes While YoungJuly 9, 2017 By Amy Leave a CommentDementia and Alzheimer's are horrible conditions we don't want to think about when we're young - but it's the best time to make lifestyle changes that could impact your life as you grow older, … [Read More...]
 











CONTACT US
Toll Free
(877) 504-3822
Menlo Park Office
(650) 328-1001
San Francisco, California Office
(415) 404-7373
San Jose, California Office
(408) 728-6020
San Mateo Office
(650) 627-7901
East Bay Office/Walnut Creek
(925) 402-4411
Lamorinda Community
(925) 317-3080
Palo Alto, California Office
(650) 328-1001
Email Us
info@careindeed.com


HOME CARE SERVICES

 Private home health care in the comfort, convenience and familiarity of your own home to foster emotional security and maintain your independence.


VIEW ALL HOME CARE SERVICES >




































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft

































Bluestein R H & Co. Sells 1,223 Shares of Ecolab Inc. (ECL) - Watch List News



















































Home
About
Staff
Privacy Policy
Contact
























Headlines
Business
US News
Health
World
Investing
Technology




















Ecolab Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily

		Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Ecolab Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter:



 






Follow Watchlist News

 











Latest News



Deckers Outdoor Corporation (NYSE:DECK) Given “Neutral” Rating at Susquehanna Bancshares Inc					

BidaskClub Upgrades Dollar General Corporation (DG) to Sell					

Chevron Corporation (CVX) Lowered to “Strong Sell” at BidaskClub					

CVS Health Corporation (NYSE:CVS) Rating Lowered to Sell at BidaskClub					

Castlight Health, inc. (CSLT) Downgraded to “Hold” at BidaskClub					

Credit Suisse Group (NYSE:CS) Downgraded by BidaskClub					

Callon Petroleum Company (CPE) Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research					

CorEnergy Infrastructure Trust, Inc. (NYSE:CORR) Raised to Hold at Zacks Investment Research					

ValuEngine Downgrades Cinemark Holdings Inc (NYSE:CNK) to Hold					

ConocoPhillips (COP) Upgraded at ValuEngine					

Freeport-McMoran, Inc. (NYSE:FCX) Upgraded at BidaskClub					

Consolidated Edison Inc (ED) Lifted to Hold at BidaskClub					

Clorox Company (The) (CLX) Downgraded to Strong Sell at BidaskClub					

Education Realty Trust Inc. (NYSE:EDR) Upgraded to Hold at BidaskClub					

BidaskClub Lowers Eaton Corporation, PLC (NYSE:ETN) to Hold					

ESCO Technologies Inc. (ESE) Lifted to Strong-Buy at BidaskClub					

BidaskClub Lowers FirstCash Inc (FCFS) to Buy					

BidaskClub Lowers Delta Air Lines, Inc. (DAL) to Buy					

BidaskClub Upgrades CommVault Systems, Inc. (NASDAQ:CVLT) to Buy					

BidaskClub Lowers CytomX Therapeutics, Inc. (CTMX) to Sell					



Archives

July 2017
June 2017
May 2017
April 2017
March 2017
February 2017
January 2017
December 2016
November 2016
October 2016
September 2016
August 2016
July 2016
June 2016
May 2016
March 2016
November 2015
October 2015
September 2015
August 2015
July 2015
June 2015
May 2015
April 2015
March 2015
February 2015
January 2015
December 2014
November 2014
October 2014
September 2014
August 2014
July 2014
June 2014
May 2014
April 2014
March 2014
February 2014
January 2014




 




						Bluestein R H & Co. Sells 1,223 Shares of Ecolab Inc. (ECL)					

						 July 19th, 2017  - 0 comments - Filed Under -
 by Micah Haroldson 


							Filed Under: Investing - SEC Filing Articles 






Tweet










Bluestein R H & Co. cut its position in shares of  Ecolab Inc. (NYSE:ECL) by 0.4% during the first quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The fund owned 290,809 shares of the basic materials company’s stock after selling 1,223 shares during the period. Ecolab accounts for about  2.2% of Bluestein R H & Co.’s investment portfolio, making the stock its 21st largest position. Bluestein R H & Co.’s holdings in Ecolab were worth $36,450,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. 
Several other hedge funds have also recently made changes to their positions in ECL. Guardian Life Insurance Co. of America raised its stake in shares of  Ecolab by 0.7% in the first quarter. Guardian Life Insurance Co. of America now owns 1,012 shares of the basic materials company’s stock worth $127,000 after buying an additional 7 shares during the last quarter.  Rench Wealth Management Inc. raised its stake in shares of  Ecolab by 0.3% in the first quarter. Rench Wealth Management Inc. now owns 2,995 shares of the basic materials company’s stock worth $375,000 after buying an additional 9 shares during the last quarter.  JNBA Financial Advisors raised its stake in shares of  Ecolab by 2.5% in the first quarter. JNBA Financial Advisors now owns 871 shares of the basic materials company’s stock worth $109,000 after buying an additional 21 shares during the last quarter.  ZWJ Investment Counsel Inc. raised its stake in shares of  Ecolab by 1.2% in the first quarter. ZWJ Investment Counsel Inc. now owns 2,530 shares of the basic materials company’s stock worth $317,000 after buying an additional 30 shares during the last quarter.  Finally, Simmons Bank raised its stake in shares of  Ecolab by 1.0% in the first quarter. Simmons Bank now owns 4,636 shares of the basic materials company’s stock worth $581,000 after buying an additional 47 shares during the last quarter. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own  75.71% of the company’s stock. 
Shares of Ecolab Inc. (NYSE ECL) opened at 132.45 on Wednesday. The firm’s 50-day moving average price is $132.91 and its 200-day moving average price is $126.30. Ecolab Inc. has a 12-month low of $110.65 and a 12-month high of $134.89. The stock has a market cap of $38.42 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 31.29 and a beta of 0.98. 




Ecolab (NYSE:ECL) last posted its quarterly earnings results on Tuesday, May 2nd. The basic materials company reported $0.80 EPS for the quarter, missing the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.81 by $0.01. The business had revenue of $3.17 billion during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $3.16 billion. Ecolab had a return on equity of 18.96% and a net margin of 9.47%. The business’s revenue was up 2.2% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter last year, the firm earned $0.77 EPS.  On average, analysts forecast that  Ecolab Inc. will post $4.78 EPS for the current fiscal year. 
The firm also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Monday, July 17th. Shareholders of record on Tuesday, June 20th were paid a $0.37 dividend. The ex-dividend date  was Friday, June 16th. This represents a $1.48 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 1.12%. Ecolab’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is 34.91%. 
COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: This story was  reported by Watch List News and is owned by of Watch List News. If you are accessing this story on another domain, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of international trademark & copyright legislation. The original version of this story can be viewed at https://www.watchlistnews.com/bluestein-r-h-co-sells-1223-shares-of-ecolab-inc-ecl/1451355.html. 
A number of brokerages recently issued reports on ECL. Instinet upgraded Ecolab from a “reduce” rating to a “neutral” rating and boosted their price target for the company from $99.00 to $118.00 in a report on Monday, April 3rd. Nomura upgraded Ecolab from a “reduce” rating to a “neutral” rating and boosted their price target for the company from $99.00 to $118.00 in a report on Monday, April 3rd. Canaccord Genuity  reiterated a “buy” rating and issued a $135.00 price target on shares of Ecolab in a report on Monday, May 1st. J P Morgan Chase & Co upgraded Ecolab from a “neutral” rating to an “overweight” rating and boosted their price target for the company from $120.00 to $138.00 in a report on Friday, May 26th. Finally, Oppenheimer Holdings, Inc.  reiterated an “outperform” rating and issued a $141.00 price target (up previously from $133.00) on shares of Ecolab in a report on Friday, June 2nd. One investment analyst  has rated the stock with a sell rating, eight have issued  a hold rating and nine have assigned  a buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock currently has an average rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $129.79.
In other Ecolab news, EVP Stephen M. Taylor sold 23,151 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction on Friday, June 9th. The shares were sold at an average price of $133.06, for a total value of $3,080,472.06. Following the completion of the transaction, the executive vice president now owns 44,466 shares in the company, valued at $5,916,645.96. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which is accessible through this hyperlink. Also, Director Carl M. Casale purchased 5,000 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction on Friday, May 5th. The stock was acquired at an average price of $126.33 per share, with a total value of $631,650.00. Following the purchase, the director now owns 11,495 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $1,452,163.35. The disclosure for this purchase can be found here. In the last 90 days, insiders sold 44,810 shares of company stock valued at $5,897,361. Insiders own  1.49% of the company’s stock. 
About Ecolab
Ecolab Inc provides water, hygiene and energy technologies and services. The Company’s cleaning and sanitizing programs and products, pest elimination services and equipment maintenance and repair services support customers in the foodservice, food and beverage processing, hospitality, healthcare, government and education, retail, textile care and commercial facilities management sectors in over 170 countries.
Want to see what other hedge funds are holding ECL? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Ecolab Inc. (NYSE:ECL).



Receive News & Ratings for Ecolab Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Ecolab Inc. and related companies with Analyst Ratings Network's FREE daily email newsletter.



 










Micah Haroldson 























 Comment on this Post

Click here to cancel reply.



Name (required)

Mail (will not be published) (required)

Website






Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be placed in moderation!




Latest News




Sirius XM Making Big Investment In Pandora





Tax Reform Not Going Quite As Planned





Western Digital Files Lawsuit To Halt Toshiba Chip Business Sale





Sinclair Broadcast Group Announces Deal For Tribune Media





Starbucks Has A Hit With Its Unicorn Frappuccino











			© Watch List News, LLC 2008-2017. All rights reserved. 


Privacy Policy |
			About | Staff 
			| Contact 

















































Shelter Ins Retirement Plan | Shelter Ins Retirement Plan Portfolio - 2017 Stock Picks and Performances 





























Home




 Homepage


 Membership Levels


 Membership Data Coverage


 Complete Stock List


 Founder's Message


 The Book


 FREE Trial






Screeners


Value Screens 


 All-In-One Screener


 Industry Overview


 Ben Graham Net-Net


 Undervalued Predictable


 Buffett-Munger Screener


 Magic Formula (Greenblatt)


 Historical Low P/S List


 Historical Low P/B List


 Peter Lynch Screen


 High Short Interest


 52-Week/3Y/5Y Lows


 52-Week/3Y/5Y Highs


 Predictable Companies


 S&P 500 Grid


 Dividend Stocks


 Spin Off List




Downloads | Tools


  Excel Add-In GURUF


 Manual of Stocks™


 Download Financial Data


 Download Guru Portfolios


 Download Stock PDFs


 Download Insider Data


  API


 Mobile App




Strategies


 Performances


 Buffett-Munger


 Undervalued Predictable


 Low P/S


 Low P/B


 Broadest Owned


 Most Weighted






Gurus




 Latest Guru Picks


 Real Time Picks


 List of Gurus (Personalize)


 Gurus Portfolios


 Scoreboard


 Top 10 Holdings View


 Sector Picks


 International Picks


 Aggregated Portfolio


 Consensus Picks


 Guru Bargains


 Hot Picks


 Industry Trends


 Geographic Trend


 ETFs


 Options


 European Shorting






Insiders




 All Insiders


 CEO Buys/Sales


 CFO Buys/Sales


 Insider Cluster


 Guru+Insider Double Buys


 Triple Buys/Sales


 Insider Trends


 Canadian Insider


 Dutch Insider






Market


Market Valuation


 Economic Data


 Industry Overview


 Market-Cap/GDP Valuation


 Global Market Valuation


 Shiller P/E


 Shiller P/E By Sectors


 Buffett Assets Allocation




By Country


 USA


 Australia


 Canada


 China


 Germany


 India


 Japan


 UK


 More...






Articles


Articles


 Editor's Picks


 GuruFocus Research


 Value Ideas


 Interviews with Gurus


 Top Ranked


 Value Idea Contest


 Videos


 Following Authors




Submit Articles


 Writers Wanted


 Value Contest Winners


 Submit Articles Online


 My Articles






Conference




 Value Conference


 Speakers


 Location/Venue


 Register


 After Conference Gathering (Free Drinks)






Tutorials




 Tutorials & Webinars


 FAQ


 Contact Us






Log In




 Free Sign-up


 Log In


 7-Day Free Trial 






Subscribe




 Free Trial ($399/Year)


 Refer a Friend & Earn $50














Warren Buffett


Bruce Berkowitz


George Soros


Seth Klarman


David Tepper


John Paulson


David Einhorn


Mohnish Pabrai


Prem Watsa


Bill Ackman


Joel Greenblatt


Carl Icahn


Arnold Schneider


Arnold Van Den Berg


Barrow, Hanley, Mewhinney & Strauss


Bill Ackman


Bill Gates


Bill Nygren


Bruce Berkowitz


Carl Icahn


Full Gurus List




Gurus List





Search
Compare

Search ▾










Get 7-Day Free Trial



My Portfolios▾
                        
Portfolios Overview
Create New Portfolio
Portfolio Contest


My Gurus▾
                        
Quick Browse
Personalize

My Gurus

Premium Gurus 
Premium Plus Investors 























Shelter Ins Retirement Plan 

                Last Update: 04-14-2017 
            





                    Number of Stocks: 42

                    Number of New Stocks: 1




                    Total Value: $225 Mil

                    Q/Q Turnover: 1%


Countries:
                
 











This content requires JavaScript.

Details: Top Buys | Top Sales | Top Holdings  Embed:  



Bookmark

Print


Tweet















Bookmark Name:









			This page was added to your Bookmark.
		



Members Only. Please Sign Up or Log In first.




			Bookmark of this page has been deleted.
		




Add to Personalized Guru List
Remove from Personalized Guru List
RSS Update




LatestStock PicksCurrent PortfolioProfile/PerformanceSector Weighting




Shelter Ins Retirement Plan has been successfully added into your Personalized Guru List.
        



Shelter Ins Retirement Plan has been removed from your Personalized Guru List.
        



            This feature is only available for Premium Members, please sign up for
            GuruFocus Premium Membership

7-Day Free Trial Now





Shelter Ins Retirement Plan has been successfully added into Guru Email Alerts list.
        



Shelter Ins Retirement Plan has been removed from Guru Email Alerts list.
        



This feature is only available for Members, please Sign Up for FREE membership.
                If you have already signed up, please Log In






Shelter Ins Retirement Plan's Portfolio is for Premium Plus  Membership subscribers only.

	
	GuruFocus Premium Plus  Membership
(This is a new feature)


 Gain access to the portfolios and trades of ALL 13F filers
 Their trading history
 Aggregated portfolio of any combinations among them
 Email alerts
 Excel Add-in for fully customized data downloads and research
 API for Guru/Insider data downloads (Realtime & historical)


7-Day Free Trial
Learn more








Add Notes, CommentsIf you want to ask a question or report a bug, please create a support ticket.






Select portfolio(s):








                        Create a new portfolio



Why you are interested?



            Your selection and notes will be stored in your portfolio.
        


Login to add portfolio















Get WordPress Plugins for easy affiliate links on Stock Tickers and Guru Names
                    | Earn affiliate commissions by embedding GuruFocus Charts

                                                GuruFocus Affiliate Program: Earn up to $400 per referral.  ( Learn More) 













Home  About   Jobs    Advertise    Site Map    Term of Use    Privacy Policy     RSS    Mobile App     Email Alerts    Referral Program    Affiliate Program    FAQ    Contact Us
                               

                © 2004-2017                GuruFocus.com, LLC. All Rights Reserved.
            


                    Disclaimers: GuruFocus.com is not operated by a broker, a dealer, or a registered investment adviser. Under no circumstances does any information posted on GuruFocus.com represent a recommendation to buy or sell a security. The information on this site, and in its related newsletters, is not intended to be, nor does it constitute, investment advice or recommendations. The gurus may buy and sell securities before and after any particular article and report and information herein is published, with respect to the securities discussed in any article and report posted herein. In no event shall GuruFocus.com be liable to any member, guest or third party for any damages of any kind arising out of the use of any content or other material published or available on GuruFocus.com, or relating to the use of, or inability to use, GuruFocus.com or any content, including, without limitation, any investment losses, lost profits, lost opportunity, special, incidental, indirect, consequential or punitive damages. Past performance is a poor indicator of future performance. The information on this site, and in its related newsletters, is not intended to be, nor does it constitute, investment advice or recommendations. The information on this site is in no way guaranteed for completeness, accuracy or in any other way. The gurus listed in this website are not affiliated with GuruFocus.com, LLC.



                    Stock quotes provided by InterActive Data. Fundamental company data provided by Morningstar, updated daily.


















GF Chat {{numOfNotice}}




























×
Manage BookMarks





Close








FEEDBACK



















	Search Engine Marketing (SEM) - Bing Ads








































































































Skip to content











Sign upSign in


 


















You run your business. We'll help find your customers.
Bing Ads can help build your business and drive your success. Spend $25 and get $100 in advertising credit.†

†Offer details




Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.







Coupon code class

First name:

Last name:

Email:

Your website URL

Business phone



*Required
Microsoft may contact you to provide updates and special offers about Bing Ads. You can unsubscribe at any time. To learn more you can read the privacy statement.
Type the code from the image:

Enter security code:







             























×
Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.


†Offer Details: Offer expires December 31, 2017.  Valid only for new Bing Ads customers who are first party recipients of the offer email. A new Bing Ads customer is one that has not advertised on Bing Ads before. Enter promotional coupon code and spend $25 (applies to threshold and prepaid accounts) to receive $100 in Bing Ads credits. Limit one promotion code per new Bing Ads customer. Promotional code must be redeemed within thirty (30) days of Bing Ads new customer account creation. Ad campaign costs accrued before receiving a credit, as well as costs accrued after all credits are used, will be charged to the payment method associated with the Bing Ads account. If customer payment fails, the coupon amount will not be applied.  Ads will continue to run and accrue costs after any promotional credit has been used up. Any portion of the credit not used within ninety (90) days of credit redemption will expire and can't be carried over even if the Bing Ads Customer switches their payment method. Offer valid only to residents of the United States. In order for the offer to be valid, a form of payment must be entered into your account prior to redemption of the promotional code and prior to your account going live to take advantage of the credit. This offer may not be combined with any other offer, promotional code coupon or discount, separated, redeemed for cash, transferred, sold, or bartered. Microsoft, in its sole discretion, can close your account for any suspected coupon abuse. Refund of the $25 is not permitted.  See Bing Ads Terms and Conditions for more details at sign-up. Other terms and conditions may apply.  Microsoft reserves the right to cancel, change, or suspend this offer at any time without notice.









See how Bing Ads works



Customers search


Customers see your ad


Customers contact you


Watch how Bing Ads works  
 








×
How Bing Ads works

















Help more customers find you
See how Bing can attract customers your Google AdWords campaigns can't.

Reach 137 million searchers on the Bing Network.1
Tap into 32.9% of the search marketplace.2
Get in front of searchers who spend 16 percent more than the average internet searcher.2











Powerful network. Powerful benefits.



Reach across devicesConnect with customers looking for your business anytime, anywhere, on any device.


Go global or localReach people in the Bing Network everywhere or focus on cities, counties and areas within a certain distance from your business.


Easy to importIf you're already using another product like Google Adwords, it's easy to pull that campaign into Bing Ads.








You control your costs

 Free sign-upJoin Bing Ads for free and control your account at every step.


 Only pay for clicksPay just when customers click on your ad. No click, no charge.


 No minimum feeStart advertising with a budget that works best for your business.









 



The advantage we gain in cost per click gives us a great return on investment — more than 35 percent better than Google AdWords.
Scott Redgate, search engine marketing manager — CJ Pony Parts
By using Bing Ads features like Image Extensions and Sitelink Extensions, this auto parts retailer races to convert customers and beat its competition.

 Read about driving more conversions







 



We might not get as much of the volume as with Google AdWords, but the volume of the traffic that we get converts really well at a lower cost.
Scott Schult, Executive Vice President of Marketing — Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau
The Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau uses Bing Ads to drive site traffic and tourism at lower cost.

 Read about getting better ROI








Better results for less cost. That's as simple as I can make it. If I look at the quality of the traffic we get for the dollars we spend on Bing Ads, our ROI is fantastic.
Alex Littlewood, CEO   Motoroso
Motoroso, a market network for auto enthusiasts, gets better results for less cost and reaches a high-value audience with Bing Ads.

 Read about attracting quality traffic



 









Import your AdWords campaigns

Save time by importing your Google AdWords campaigns into Bing Ads to get ads live quickly.


Sign in with your Microsoft account (or create one) to get started on Bing Ads.


From within the Bing Ads interface, select the Import from Google AdWords option.


Enter your Google AdWords credentials and select the campaign you want to import.










Preview your ad

Get found online with search engine marketing. Make the most of your marketing dollars and drive customers to your business.
See how Bing Ads can work for you




















Get started today
Give us a few details about your business to create a Bing Ads account and get it up and running.


  
Sign up
Get started with Bing Ads 
Signing up is always free.













FAQ


Is Bing Ads right for me?

Is Bing Ads right for my business?
All types of businesses find value and success with Bing Ads. Whether you're focused on local calls and foot traffic, or want to drive traffic to your website from across the country or around the world. Bing Ads has solutions for you.
I already appear in search results for free. Why should I pay for advertising?
Your current customers may search for your business by name, aiming it easy to find you in search results. But customers you've yet to reach are more likely searching for general terms that wouldn't necessarily bring up your business in search results. Advertising next to relevant Bing search results puts your business front and center with interested customers you otherwise might not reach.
What is the difference between SEO and SEM? Which one is right for me?
Search engine optimization (SEO) is adjusting your website to improve your natural ranking in search results. You cannot pay to improve your website ranking on Bing or Yahoo, thus we often refer to these results and unpaid or "organic" search results.

	Clicks from SEO are free. But SEO also requires technical expertise and involves some factors over which you have only limited control.

	Search engine marketing (SEM) is paid advertising that appears next to or above unpaid (or "organic") search results. These paid ads are purchased through Bing Ads.

	You pay for SEM clicks. But SEM gives you more control over when your website appears on results pages and you decide how much you want to pay. And you can measure which ads are working and quickly improve your results.

	You don't have to choose between SEO and SEM. You can do both!
If my time is limited, should I still try Bing ads?
Yes! Call a Bing Ads specialist at 877-635-3561*and we’ll set up your first campaign for you for free. We’ll give you tips on getting the most out of your ads and set you up for success. We’re here to help.




About Bing Ads

Where does my ad appear?
Your ads could appear on the top or to the right of Bing, Yahoo, and MSN search results. And you can choose to target your ads to different geographic regions, times or days of the week, and even demographics.
What determines my ad position?
Bing Ads is a pay-per-click (PPC) advertising system. You bid based on how much you are willing to pay per each click on your ad. Because webpages have a limited number of places to show ads, we auction those spaces. You are bidding against other advertisers to get your ads into the space you want. So if you bid on the keyword "shoe", you will have to beat the bids of the other advertisers who are also bidding on "shoe." You determine how much you are willing to bid.
	Your ad position is based on several things, including:
	
How closely your ad and website fit with the terms that are searched (relevance).
How your bid compares to other bids in the Bing Ads auction.
How strongly your ad has performed in the past and how often it has been clicked (click-through rate).

	The stronger you are in these areas, the better your chances of winning the top ad position.




How to use Bing Ads

How can I use Bing Ads to drive more people to my website?
Here are some tips to get better results:
	
Review your budget and bid strategy. If your ad keeps pausing, your budget limit may be set too low. Competitive bids help your ad stay in a strong position to catch eyes and get more clicks to your website.
Expand your targeting, both for location and for devices (computer, mobile and tablet).
Make sure your ads and website are relevant to the keywords you bid on. Would someone searching your terms expect to see and ad for your business?


How can I keep my costs down?
While your first instinct may be to lower your budget, first try lowering your maximum bids. Yes, this could mean fewer customers visit your site. But if you increase your quality score and build ads with a strong performance history, you may be able to win a good ad position with a lower bid. That would lower your cost=per-click and help stretch your budget.
How do I know if Bing Ads is working?
View a wide range of performance trends in your account to quickly see key stats: ad clicks, the number of times your ad appeared (impressions), spend, average cost-per-click, click-through rate, average ad position, cost per acquisition, and conversions. You can also run performance reports to get insights into how well your campaigns are doing.
Can I run more than one ad?
Yes! In fact, we encourage it. Only one ad will show at a time but running multiple ads lets you test different approaches to see what's working best with your target customers. Frequently, businesses try out different ads for specific products or pages.




Getting started with Bing Ads

How do I get started?
Sign up for Bing Ads
Which keywords should I choose?
You have a few options to help choose your keywords. First you'll want to think of the terms one of your customers might use to search for your products and offerings. Those search terms are a great starting point. Then you can use tools right in your account to find more keywords. Within Bing Ads, click Campaigns on the top of the page. Click the Keywords tab, and then click Add Keywords. This will let you:
	
Search for new keywords based on one you enter.
Search a website for keywords.
Search your destination URLs for keywords.


How can I write a good ad?
Here are a few tips that can help make your ad stand out.
	
Keep your ads relevant. One way to improve relevance is to use your customer's most popular search terms in your ad titles and txt.
Describe what sets your product apart.
Use your customers' language. Use words and writing tone that are likely to attract your typical customer.
Be specific. This clearer and more specific your offering, the better. For example, rather than "big discount," specify and exact percentage, such as "50 percent off."
Give customers a reason to click your ad right now. Offer a specific call to action, such as encouraging customers to request a brochure or consultation, download a free e-book, subscribe to a newsletter, or take advantage of a limited-time discount.























Sign up with Bing Ads to get started






































Shelter Insurance Employee Benefits and Perks | GlassdoorGlassdoor will not work properly unless browser cookie support is enabled. Learn how to enable cookies.Shelter Insurance BenefitsKeywordLocation CompaniesJobsCompaniesSalariesInterviewsSearchView Allnum of numClose (Esc) Shelter Insurance Is this your company?Overview Overview 92 Reviews 22 Jobs 101 Salaries 36 Inter­views 31 Benefits -- PhotosFollowAdd BenefitsFollowAdd BenefitsShelter Insurance BenefitsEmployee StatusAll EmployeesInternFull-timeLocationUS4.3StarStarStarStarStar19 RatingsEmployee Benefit Reviews Showing 1–10 of 19 commentsMost CommentedHealth InsuranceHealth Insurance(3 comments) “Its there, if you want it, cheaper products in the market place” Vacation & Paid Time OffVacation & Paid Time Off(3 comments) “Seems pretty standard. Start with 2 weeks vacation, then get extra day each year at year 5. 2 days of personal leave and 5 days of sick leave.” Shelter InsuranceJun 07, 2017StarStarStarStarStar Current Employee in Columbia, Missouri The best part of Shelter is the entire benefits package, you get the feeling that Shelter truly cares about your life and health.Flag as InappropriateFlag as InappropriateHelpful (0) Shelter Insurance Response seconds agoEdit • DeleteShelter InsuranceDec 14, 2016StarStarStarStarStar Former District Sales Manager in Columbia, Missouri Pro: Excellent match on health insurance, one of the best 401(k) programs in the country. Con: No vision insurance provided.Flag as InappropriateFlag as InappropriateHelpful (0) Shelter Insurance Response seconds agoEdit • DeleteShelter InsuranceNov 15, 2016StarStarStarStarStar Current Employee in Columbia, Missouri The best is the 401k employer contribution along with pension. The worst is not having any extra time off for paternal leave.Flag as InappropriateFlag as InappropriateHelpful (0) Shelter Insurance Response seconds agoEdit • DeleteShelter InsuranceOct 31, 2016StarStarStarStarStar Current Contact agent  in Tulsa, Oklahoma I'm a commissioned agent and Shelter offers health insurance to contracted agents like myself, they can be pretty expensive depending on the plan you choose. They also offer AD&D for a very competitive rate. I don't use the health insurance offered by shelter, as I am covered under my wife's plan. The best benefit is the pension plan offered to contracted agents when they hit retirement age. Most companies don't offer pensions anymore, but shelter does and it is a great benefit. It's only available to contracted agents to my knowledge.Flag as InappropriateFlag as InappropriateHelpful (0) Shelter Insurance Response seconds agoEdit • DeleteShelter InsuranceApr 26, 2016StarStarStarStarStar Current Claims Adjuster in Columbia, Missouri Shelter has an AMAZING profit sharing plan on top of having a retirement plan.Flag as InappropriateFlag as InappropriateHelpful (0) Shelter Insurance Response seconds agoEdit • DeleteShelter InsuranceApr 11, 2016StarStarStarStarStar Current Employee in Ottawa, Kansas Great company benefit plans offered to all employees with little cost share on the employee part . Lots of options to choose from so everyone can choose what fits their own needs.Flag as InappropriateFlag as InappropriateHelpful (0) Shelter Insurance Response seconds agoEdit • DeleteShelter InsuranceMar 16, 2016StarStarStarStarStar Current Salaried Agent in Kansas City, Missouri Vacation time was nice but as an agent you'll only need this if your gone for more than a day, I wish they had better group life or a discount for secondary life insuranceFlag as InappropriateFlag as InappropriateHelpful (0) Shelter Insurance Response seconds agoEdit • DeleteShelter InsuranceNov 29, 2015StarStarStarStarStar Current Senior Programmer in Columbia, Missouri Great 401k and profit sharing plan. Heath care is pretty good as well. They don't offer vision is the only draw back. Benefits are some of the best I've seen.Flag as InappropriateFlag as InappropriateHelpful (0) Shelter Insurance Response seconds agoEdit • DeleteShelter InsuranceOct 07, 2015StarStarStarStarStar Current Employee in Columbia, Missouri The company matches deposits into 401k.Flag as InappropriateFlag as InappropriateHelpful (0) Shelter Insurance Response seconds agoEdit • DeleteShelter InsuranceSep 09, 2015StarStarStarStarStar Former IT in Columbia, Missouri Great 401K Plan. Share of profit goes into matching. Matching is done for multi year depending on the profits. Highly rated Mutual funds in plan including some Vanguard funds.Flag as InappropriateFlag as InappropriateHelpful (0) Shelter Insurance Response seconds agoEdit • DeletePrevious12NextBenefits SummaryList based on reports from current and former employees. It may not be complete. Legend: Checkmark Employer Verified  No DataInsurance, Health & WellnessCheckmarkHealth Insurance (16)Dental InsuranceFlexible Spending Account (FSA)Vision InsuranceCheckmarkHealth Savings Account (HSA) (6)Life InsuranceSupplemental Life InsuranceDisability InsuranceOccupational Accident InsuranceHealth Care On-SiteMental Health CareRetiree Health & MedicalAccidental Death & Dismemberment InsuranceFinancial & RetirementCheckmarkPension Plan (11)Checkmark401K Plan (14)Retirement PlanEmployee Stock Purchase PlanPerformance BonusStock OptionsEquity Incentive PlanSupplemental Workers' CompensationCharitable Gift MatchingFamily & ParentingCheckmarkMaternity & Paternity Leave (14)Work From HomeFertility AssistanceDependent CareAdoption AssistanceChildcareReduced or Flexible HoursMilitary LeaveFamily Medical LeaveUnpaid Extended LeaveVacation & Time OffCheckmarkVacation & Paid Time Off (15)Sick DaysPaid HolidaysVolunteer Time OffSabbaticalBereavement LeavePerks & DiscountsEmployee DiscountFree Lunch or SnacksEmployee Assistance ProgramGym MembershipCommuter Checks & AssistancePet Friendly WorkplaceMobile Phone DiscountCompany CarCompany Social EventsTravel ConciergeLegal AssistanceProfessional SupportDiversity ProgramJob TrainingProfessional DevelopmentApprenticeship ProgramTuition AssistanceWork at Shelter Insurance? Share Your ExperiencesShelter InsuranceStarVery DissatisfiedStarDissatisfiedStarNeutral ("OK")StarSatisfiedStarVery Satisfied  Click to RateStart your review...orAdd a SalaryAdd BenefitsAdd an InterviewAdd a SalaryAdd BenefitsAdd an InterviewCloseOutline of two peoples' headsWork in HR or Marketing?Grow your employer brandGet a free employer accountView Allnum of numClose (Esc) Job Seekers Also ViewedVeterans United Home Loans BenefitsStarStarStarStarStar 205 ReviewsState Farm BenefitsStarStarStarStarStar 5,570 ReviewsCARFAX BenefitsStarStarStarStarStar 194 ReviewsMidwayUSA BenefitsStarStarStarStarStar 36 ReviewsFarmers Insurance Group BenefitsStarStarStarStarStar 2,280 ReviewsAllstate BenefitsStarStarStarStarStar 3,394 ReviewsCOUNTRY Financial BenefitsStarStarStarStarStar 423 ReviewsShelter BenefitsStarStarStarStarStar 7 ReviewsAmerican Family Insurance BenefitsStarStarStarStarStar 737 ReviewsAflac BenefitsStarStarStarStarStar 1,910 ReviewsUniversity of Missouri BenefitsStarStarStarStarStar 715 ReviewsPrudential BenefitsStarStarStarStarStar 1,737 Reviews Related Job SearchAgent jobsAgent salaries ($30k)Claims Adjuster jobsClaims Adjuster salaries ($46k)Insurance Agent jobsInsurance Agent salaries ($35k)District Sales Manager jobsDistrict Sales Manager salaries ($75k)Senior Programmer jobsSenior Programmer salaries ($88k)Customer Service Representative jobsCustomer Service Representative salaries ($25k)Casualty Claims Adjuster jobsCasualty Claims Adjuster salaries ($51k)Underwriter jobsUnderwriter salaries ($55k)Underwriting jobsUnderwriting salaries ($47k)Underwriting Assistant jobsUnderwriting Assistant salaries ($40k)Java Developer jobsJava Developer salaries ($76k)Claims Assistant jobsClaims Assistant salaries ($34k) Your response will be removed from the review – this cannot be undone.Delete ResponseCancelShelter Ins Retirement Plan Buys BB&THomeMailFlickrTumblrNewsSportsFinanceCelebrityAnswersGroupsMobileMoreTry Yahoo Finance on Firefox »YahooSearchSearchSign inU.S. Markets close in 44 mins.S&P 5002,470.42-5.00 (-0.20%)Dow 3021,817.62+21.07 (+0.10%)Nasdaq6,369.73-12.46 (-0.20%)Today's ChartsDon't get blindsided by Tesla's shiny new Model 3Shelter Ins Retirement Plan Buys BB&TGuruFocus.comApril 14, 2017ReblogShareTweetShare- By insider Columbia, MO, based Investment company Shelter Ins Retirement Plan buys BB&T during the 3-months ended 2017-03-31, according to the most recent filings of the investment company, Shelter Ins Retirement Plan. As of 2017-03-31, Shelter Ins Retirement Plan owns 42 stocks with a total value of $225 million. These are the details of the buys and sells.New Purchases: BBT, Added Positions: GILD, IEMG, Reduced Positions: UNP, MMM, XOM, BRK.A, Warning! GuruFocus has detected 4 Warning Sign with HOFT. Click here to check it out. BBT 15-Year Financial DataThe intrinsic value of BBTPeter Lynch Chart of BBTFor the details of Shelter Ins Retirement Plan's stock buys and sells, go to http://www.gurufocus.com/StockBuy.php?GuruName=Shelter+Ins+Retirement+PlanThese are the top 5 holdings of Shelter Ins Retirement PlanOracle Corp (ORCL) - 244,000 shares, 4.84% of the total portfolio. Berkshire Hathaway Inc (BRK.A) - 42 shares, 4.66% of the total portfolio. Shares reduced by 6.67%Wal-Mart Stores Inc (WMT) - 130,324 shares, 4.17% of the total portfolio. PepsiCo Inc (PEP) - 74,800 shares, 3.72% of the total portfolio. International Business Machines Corp (IBM) - 47,800 shares, 3.7% of the total portfolio. New Purchase: BB&T Corp (BBT)Shelter Ins Retirement Plan initiated holdings in BB&T Corp. The purchase prices were between $44 and $49.7, with an estimated average price of $46.72. The stock is now traded at around $42.62. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.31%. The holdings were 15,600 shares as of 2017-03-31.Here is the complete portfolio of Shelter Ins Retirement Plan. Also check out:1. Shelter Ins Retirement Plan's Undervalued Stocks2. Shelter Ins Retirement Plan's Top Growth Companies, and3. Shelter Ins Retirement Plan's High Yield stocks4. Stocks that Shelter Ins Retirement Plan keeps buyingThis article first appeared on GuruFocus.Warning! GuruFocus has detected 4 Warning Sign with HOFT. Click here to check it out. BBT 15-Year Financial DataThe intrinsic value of BBTPeter Lynch Chart of BBTReblogShareTweetShareRecently ViewedYour list is empty.What to Read NextTrump administration ends myRA program that helped people save for retirementCNBCThis Will Be In Everyone's Household By 2020Banyan HillSponsoredObama-era retirement savings program for workers gets the axAssociated PressThe real reason overseas manufacturing is coming to AmericaYahoo FinanceThe 'two pizza rule' is a secret to productive meetings that helped Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos become one of the world's richest menBusiness InsiderZuckerberg Wife's Ambitious Secret Finally ExposedUNewz.MeSponsoredTODAY'S CHARTS: Don't get blindsided by Tesla's shiny new Model 3Yahoo FinanceChevron and Exxon Mobil have a tough path ahead: NYSE traderYahoo Finance VideoHow a one-of-a-kind business has kept 5,000 kitchens out of landfillsYahoo FinanceEngineer Finds Pattern; Makes Millions in StocksMoney MorningSponsoredTax cuts just got more likelyYahoo FinanceThe 37 Most Profitable Markets for Home SellersCredit.comTrump’s unwitting legacy could be universal health coverageYahoo FinanceDiscover it: 4.8 out of 5 avg. by 24K+ customersDiscover CardSponsoredMy bullish view on stocks hasn't changed one iota: NYSE traderYahoo Finance VideoThe government can't help people from making the single-biggest investing mistakeYahoo FinanceMcConnell lashes out at GOP defectors, Democrats in aftermath of 'disappointing' health care voteliberaltroll10: McConnell is a petty, power hungry little man that got the DEFEAT HE so richly DESERVES.Join the Conversation1 / 54.5k








