


Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft









 







Find a Financial Advisor | UBS United States









































Find a Financial Advisor









View FINRA BrokerCheck information
				




























  

 







Funds & prices | UBS Australia







































Funds & prices





























  

 







ETFs | UBS Australia









































UBS IQ Exchange Traded Funds
















                        Make your cash work harder
            

                            Make your cash work harder
            


UBS IQ Cash ETF








Find out more


















                        Intelligent research based ETFs
            

                            Intelligent research based ETFs
            











Find out more


















                        Global investments without tobacco
            

                            Global investments without tobacco
            


Simple solutions for investors seeking to exclude tobacco from their investment portfolio








Find out more


















                        Searching for low cost access to local and global markets? 
            

                            Searching for low cost access to local and global markets? 
            


Diversify your portfolio with UBS IQ ETFs








Read more



















Australian Cash ETF




    Australia Cash (MONY)
				












Australian Share ETFs




    Australia Quality (ETF)
				




    Australia Dividend Yield (DIV)
				




    Australia (UBA)
				












Global Share ETFs




    World ex Australia (UBW) 
				




    Europe (UBE)
				




    USA (UBU)
				




    Japan (UBJ)
				




    Asia ex Japan (UBP) 
				

















Subscribe to our newsletter

























  

 







Contact us | UBS Australia









































Contact us









link


General enquiries





Freecall within Australia Tel: 1800 023 043
Overseas callers Tel: +61-2-9324-3222







    Send us a message
				








Direct investors





Freecall within Australia Tel: 1800 023 043  Overseas callers Tel: +61-2-9324-3222







    Send us a message
				








Wholesale investors





Freecall within Australia Tel: 1800 023 043
Overseas callers Tel: +61-2-9324-3222







    Send us a message
				




    Download our National Contact List
				





    Subscribe to complimentary newsletter
				








Institutional investors





Freecall within Australia Tel: 1800 023 043 
Overseas callers Tel: +61-2-9324-3222 







    Send us a message
				





























Quick links







    News
				




    UBS AM Privacy Policy
				




    Facts and figures
				





    Follow UBS Asset Management on LinkedIn
				
































  

 







Market insights | UBS Australia







































Market insights












Current Market Views



Watch and read the latest insights from our investment teams on the markets and the implications for our portfolios.






    Watch the webcasts
				




    View the Market views
				










Australian intelligence



View the latest contributions from our investment teams on the Australian investment landscape






    View the latest contributions
				










Global intelligence



A collection of Economists Insights, Current Perspectives, White Papers and Investment Outlook from UBS






    Read the latest edition
				
































Quick links







    News
				




    UBS AM Privacy Policy
				




    Facts and figures
				





    Follow UBS Asset Management on LinkedIn
				
































  


    Shell Global | Shell Global                                                Skip to main content        Home - Shell Global              Search     What are you looking for?     Submit      Top searches    Safety Data Sheets     Loyalty     Annual Reports     Shell Eco-marathon     Careers      Your recent searches    How can we help?     Job search       Students and graduates       Shell station locator       Shell credit cards                                    Bridges to the future of energy   In this speech in Istanbul, Turkey, Shell's Chief Executive Ben van Beurden emphasises the importance of taking a global perspective on the challenge of tackling climate change.              Next stop Australia: Prelude sets sail   Powerful tugboats pull Shell’s floating liquefied natural gas facility 5,800 kilometres from South Korea to Western Australia.              The hyperactive child who never gave up   Johari bin Brahim used the skills he acquired from Shell LiveWIRE Brunei to launch two businesses and has just won a $24 million contract. He tells Inside Energy why he’s not stopping there.              The Paris agreement: can it survive?   It is crucial that the Paris agreement remains in place, says Shell’s Chief Climate Change Advisor David Hone. It underpins the need for the ongoing energy transition to also deliver a world of net-zero emissions.        Previous   Next     0          How can we help?     Job search     Shell station locator     Shell credit cards            Featured content                 A drive for cleaner air   Hydrogen cars could play a key role in the future of transport. But what are they like to drive?                Shell’s Sustainability and Annual Report   Read our 2016 documents to discover how we work responsibly to meet the world’s growing demand for more and cleaner energy.                A record-breaking offshore lift   After decades supplying oil and gas, some North Sea platforms are nearing the end of their lives. See how the 24,200-tonne Brent Delta was lifted and carried to an industrial recycling centre more than 700 kilometres away.                 Asia’s quest for a cleaner future   Inside Energy interviews experts about the challenges facing Japan - an economic powerhouse with few energy resources of its own.              Latest news          Shell to divest Upstream interests in Ireland for up to $1.23 billion   Jul 12, 2017         Shell purchases deep-water production and storage vessel   Jul 11, 2017         Prelude FLNG begins its journey to Australia   Jun 29, 2017         Shell welcomes report on climate-related transparency   Jun 29, 2017                   Inspiring the next generation of female engineers  Katie Clasen is an Operations Support Engineer in California, USA. A commitment to community and innovation were among the values that inspired her to join Shell. “My voice is now part of the global conversation about how to address future energy needs in a sustainable way”.    Read Katie’s story                         You may also be interested in                 Our major projects                  Natural gas                  Innovating together                  Shell credit cards                                   
    Careers | Shell Global                                                Skip to main content        Home - Shell Global           Search     What are you looking for?     Submit      Top searches    Safety Data Sheets     Loyalty     Annual Reports     Shell Eco-marathon     Careers      Your recent searches    How can we help?     Job search       Students and graduates       Shell station locator       Shell credit cards                                    Careers    Explore opportunities to take your career to the next level. Whether you are a student, a graduate or an experienced professional. Discover the impact you could make with a career at Shell.            Inside careers                 Experienced professionals   Enhance your career development as an experienced professional with Shell and continue on your path to reach your full potential.                 Students and graduates   Are you a remarkable student or graduate with less than three years’ experience? Join us as we explore and discover better energy solutions together.                           Global operations and maintenance   Operations and Maintenance jobs at Shell are on the front line of Shell’s global activities and ground-breaking projects.                Shell Business Operations   Shell Business Operations offers unique opportunities to influence Shell’s business solutions worldwide.                 Life at Shell   Meet, and be inspired by, our innovators, adventurers and explorers across the world. Discover their stories and get an insight into careers at Shell.                Diversity and inclusion   Our teams are more diverse than ever and being part of an inclusive, supportive work environment will ensure you are able to develop your career and reach your potential.                               Shell Graduate Programme: New Application Process   Read the transcript   Title:  Shell Graduate Programme- New Application Process Duration: 3:14 minutes Description: A step-by-step guide to applying for the Shell Graduate Programme.  [Background music plays] Gentle instrumental music with strings, building to an anthemic style before gentling once again. [Text displays] Make the Future [Animated sequence] The text previously filling the screen increasingly reduces in size, to be centred against the background of a blue and white graphic of the earth, all centred on a white background. Around the circular graphic of the earth, a band of numerous symbols and graphics circles around the earth while faint lines radiate out from the circle. Presentation by Deanna [Deanna] Hi, I’m Deanna. Welcome to Shell. [Video footage with animated sequence] Mid-view of Deanna speaking into the camera, seen against a white background, animated coloured particles radiating out from her image as she appears. A speech bubble displays text at upper frame-right. [Text displays] Welcome to Shell [Deanna] Today, I’m going to take you through the steps for applying to the Shell Graduate Programme. [Video footage with animated sequence] Continuing footage of Deanna, as before. A graphic depicting a smartphone appears at lower frame-left, connects with a faint grey line to a red circle, which in turn connects to the footage of Deanna. Another grey line reaches from the top of the red circle to text which displays at upper frame-left against inside a yellow frame. At frame right, a grey line extends again from the footage of Deanna towards three cascading graphics depicting documents, numbered 1, 2 and 3. All the graphics move to the centre of the frame to exit behind the footage of Deanna. [Text displays] Shell Graduate Program / 1 2 3 [Deanna] Just some tips from me before we start. We’re so much more than an energy company, so do your research and update your CV accordingly. [Video footage with animated sequence] Continuing footage of Deanna, as before. Various animated graphics appear and disappear at various points around the footage of Deanna, each contained in a circular bubble with lines radiating out from the circle. The images, in order of appearance, depict an oil derrick, a platform at sea, wind turbines, solar panels, a molecule, a beaker containing fluid, a microscope, a lightbulb. [Deanna] Here at Shell we are searching for ways to meet the energy needs of the future. Taking on challenges to help the world progress is what we have done since the day we started. [Animated sequence] The blue and white graphic of the earth appears again, centred on the white background and ringed with the band of symbols and graphics with faint lines circling the outside of the circle. The graphic of the earth slowly turns green, and the faint circling lines continue circling but open a channel out towards frame-right via which the ring of symbols and graphics start to exit the frame. [Deanna] You’ll find loads of stuff on the Shell website to help you find a programme suited to you, including the Degree Matcher, which pretty much does what it says. It guides you on a match between your degree discipline with our skill-pool disciplines. [Animated sequence] The frame swipes towards frame-left, and a chequered blue background appears, and the various symbols and graphics slowly fill up each square in the frame. Three of the squares become highlighted in yellow as Deanna speaks about the Degree Matcher. That highlighting disappears, and another four squares become highlighted in yellow. Again, the highlighting disappears and another four squares become highlighted in yellow. Two of the highlighted squares containing the recycling and female symbol expand to fill the screen, before the frame swipes towards frame-left. [Deanna] When you are ready, the next step is the application form, which takes about 10 mins to complete. [Video footage with animated sequence] Wide view footage of Deanna, seen against the white background. A graphic depicting a document or webpage appears at upper frame-left and connects with a faint grey line to the footage of Deanna. Another grey line extends at frame-right to a circle containing an hourglass graphic, then extends from the bottom of the graphic, downwards, to connect with the LinkedIn icon, again extending below the LinkedIn icon, downwards, to connect with another graphic depicting a webpage or document. All the graphics move to the centre of the frame to exit behind the footage of Deanna. [Deanna] If you’re on LinkedIn, save time by simply pulling across your profile. [Video footage with animated sequence] The number 1 appears at frame-left, alongside the footage of Deanna, surrounded by moving circular lines. Graphics depicting three webpages or documents cascade at frame-right, the documents displaying the numbers 1, 2 and 3. Next, the cascade of the three documents reduces in size as an envelope appears at lower frame-right and expands in size, and the three documents move down into the waiting envelope. Yellow lines radiate from the envelope. [Text displays] 1 / 1 2 3 [Deanna] After you’ve submitted your online application, you’ll go through to Stage 1 where you’re asked to complete three online assessments. You’ll get an email to guide you through this, but in a nutshell these are: [Video footage with animated sequence] The flap of the envelope graphic at frame-right closes and the closed envelope moves towards upper frame-right, while a smartphone graphic appears at lower frame-right. The number 1 still appears at frame-left as before, alongside the footage of Deanna. The envelope graphic then moves downward to disappear into the smartphone’s screen. The smartphone graphic expands in size to fill frame-right. The @ sign on the smartphone display is replaced by the envelope graphic, an arrow pointing towards the right of the smartphone display, with the word “Sent” beneath the arrow. Next, the graphics at frame-left and frame-right reduce in size until they disappear. [Text displays] 1 / Sent [Deanna] One, a general cognitive test, with numerical and verbal abstract reasoning; [Video footage with animated sequence] Close-up of Deanna speaking into the camera, seen against the white background. Blue dotted lines snake out from behind the footage of Deanna connected respectively, at frame-left, to an equation, a block of text and a grey circle containing four symbols, and at frame-right, to a lightbulb graphic and a bar graph. [Text displays] Cognitive Test / y2+9y-36=0 / Cognition /kɒg'nɪʃ(ə)n/ noun The mental action or process of acquiring and understanding knowledge. [Deanna] Two, an assessment of your ‘working style’; [Video footage with animated sequence] Close-up of Deanna speaking into the camera, seen against the white background. Several words move across the white background, from frame-left to frame-right, passing behind the footage of Deanna. [Text displays] Working Style Assessment [Deanna] And three, a self-recorded video submission. This is where you can show us who you are by answering interview questions from our graduates. [Video footage with animated sequence] Close-up of Deanna speaking into the camera, seen against the white background. Grey lines extend out from behind the footage of Deanna to connect to graphics at frame-left and frame-right respectively. The graphic at frame-left is of a smartphone, and the graphic at frame-right is of a webpage indicating a video playing. The graphics move to the centre of the frame to exit behind the footage of Deanna. [Text displays] Video Submission [Deanna] Altogether these will take about 40 minutes and you’ll need to complete them within 10 days of receiving them. [Video footage with animated sequence] Close-up of Deanna speaking into the camera, seen against the white background. The graphic of a clock face appears at upper frame-left and the clock hands move to signify the passage of time, also highlighted in yellow. The graphic of a calendar appears at frame-right, ten blocks highlighted in red to indicate number of days. The graphics exit the frame, one after the other. [Text displays] 40 min [Deanna] Our graduate recruitment team will then review your application and let you know if you are through to the next and final step. [Video footage with animated sequence] Close-up of Deanna speaking into the camera, seen against the white background. The graphic of an eye appears at frame-left, and a monocle graphic moves up to frame the eye as the eyeball moves from side to side. A graphic of three arms and hands giving the thumbs up symbol displays at frame-right. The graphics exit the frame, one by one. [Deanna] This is our live virtual session – essentially an online interview – with two Shell employees and a case study to discuss. This is where you have a chance to get to know us, and for us to get to know you even better, so expect this part to take around two hours. We’ll tell you more about this closer to the time so you can prepare. [Animated sequence] An ‘on air’ graphic appears at the top of the frame against a white background. The word ‘you’ appears and expands to fill the centre of the screen, and colourful lines circle the word. The number 2 appears at upper frame-left, also with coloured lines circling the number. Three smaller graphics appear, all also respectively surrounding with coloured circling lines – a speech bubble graphic appears at lower frame left, a clipboard graphic at upper frame-right and a live chat-type icon with two figures appears at lower frame-right. The three smaller graphics exit the frame, one by one, and a band of symbols and graphics begins to slowly circle around the word ‘you,’ forming a closed circle before slowly dissolving into the background. The number 2 and the word ‘you’ reduce in size and disappear. [Text displays] On Air / 2 / You [Deanna] If you are successful, first of all, congratulations! [Animated sequence] A yellow banner displays the word ‘congratulations’ against the white background, and coloured confetti fills the screen. [Text displays] Congratulations [Deanna] We’ll invite you to your nearest Shell office so you can see where you will be working, your future manager and other successful graduates. It’s a great opportunity to really get a feel for the place. [Animated sequence] Blue and white graphic of the earth, centred on a white background. Red map location markers appear at various points across all continents on the graphic of the earth. Zoom into a particular yellow location marker until the yellow fills the frame, a graphic of a high-rise building filling the white circle in the centre as the word ‘welcome’ appears centre screen. Zoom into one of the buildings of the high-rise building to show a graphic of two people standing alongside one another in an office, coffee cups in hand. The graphic pans towards the left to reveal two more people in the office, all drinking coffee as they talk. [Text displays] Welcome. [Deanna] That’s it from us for now. You’ve now got the key information you need to get started with your application. Good luck, and perhaps the next time we meet it will be as colleagues! [Video footage with animated sequence] Close-up of Deanna speaking into the camera, seen against the white background. A graphic of a document appears at frame-left, blue lines depicting a checklist, alongside which green check marks appear. A speech bubble appears at upper frame-right, displaying text. The graphics move to the centre of the frame to exit behind the footage of Deanna. [Text displays] Good luck [Audio] Shell jingle. [Graphic] Shell Pecten centred on a white background.                       Global Minimum Standard for Maternity Leave Shell proudly celebrates the launch of the global minimum standard for paid maternity leave.   Discover our Minimum Maternity Leave Standard              New Graduate Recruitment Process launched Our fully digital recruitment process for Students and Graduates has gone live on April 1st, 2017. Go from application to offer in just a few weeks.   Find out more or Apply              Sharing my disability let me be myself Joe Hansen turned dyslexia into something that brings a fresh perspective to the table     Read Joe's Inspiring Story              Shell Graduate Programme interactive guide Discover more about the Shell Graduate Programme, including tips for success, in our interactive guide.   Download the Shell Graduate Programme interactive guide              Shell grad back on campus Emil joined Shell from Delft University to become a Well Site Drilling Engineer. Now he’s back on campus inspiring others.   Read how Emil is inspiring graduates.              A meaningful career that makes a difference Robin Bryden, Global Expertise Lead on Behavioural Safety, talks about a career dedicated to protecting Shell’s people.   Read Robin’s story and discover more              Shining a light on an invisible disability Sometimes the hardest disabilities to live with are the ones you can't see. Read this Shell colleague’s story.   Read about overcoming an invisible disability         Previous   Next     0           Hot jobs             You may also be interested in          Contact us   If you need assistance and information relating to your application or the recruitment process you can contact us.         Recruitment scams   This is an important notice on fraudulent communications that have been made to members of the public.         Careers FAQs   Explore our Frequently Asked Questions and discover the answers you're searching for.                                  
    Shell credit cards | Shell Global                                                Skip to main content        Home - Shell Global           Search     What are you looking for?     Submit      Top searches    Safety Data Sheets     Loyalty     Annual Reports     Shell Eco-marathon     Careers      Your recent searches    How can we help?     Job search       Students and graduates       Shell station locator       Shell credit cards                                    Shell credit cards    Shell credit cards offer rewards for your purchases at Shell and provide a more secure way to do your shopping. Filling up has never been so rewarding!          Select your country        Brazil    Brazil card services      Canada    Canada card services      Denmark    Denmark card services      Malaysia    Malaysia card services      Norway    Norway card services      Philippines    Philippines card services      United States    Unites States card services            Share this    Twitter    Facebook    LinkedIn    Google+            More in Motorists                 Shell station locator   More than 20 million customers a day visit Shell service stations for fuels, motor oils, car care products and more.                Shell engine oils and lubricants   Shell is the number one global lubricant supplier and has a 70-year history of innovation. Explore Shell’s range of engine oils and lubricants for cars, motorcycles, trucks and more.        Shell fuels Shell oils and lubricants Shell credit cards Loyalty Shell station locator Find the right oil Shell motorist app Motorsports                              
    Shell fuel cards | Shell Global                                                Skip to main content        Home - Shell Global           Search     What are you looking for?     Submit      Top searches    Safety Data Sheets     Loyalty     Annual Reports     Shell Eco-marathon     Careers      Your recent searches    How can we help?     Job search       Students and graduates       Shell station locator       Shell credit cards                                 Shell fuel cards    With a global network and a range of services to help you reduce costs, the Shell Fuel Card can help you do business wherever you are.          Login, apply now or contact us     Login to Shell Fuel Card online     Register for a global account today     Use the contact form to talk to us            Inside Shell Fuel Cards                 Visit your local Shell website   Find a fleet fuel card that fits your needs perfectly.                Global Shell fuel cards   Get instant, ongoing access to a range of outstanding fuels, products and business services across the world’s largest fuels retail network.                       Best Practice for Motorcyclists Motorbikes are not only popular for commuting, but are recognised as a hobby with many enthusiasts riding for pleasure, particularly in the summer months.   Read more about best practice         Previous   Next     0            Featured content                 Shell station locator   More than 20 million customers a day visit Shell service stations for fuels, motor oils, car care products and more.                Shell Drivers Club   Reward yourself with money off Shell fuel.                Shell Motorist app   From great journey destinations to expert vehicle information and everything in between – we’ve got you covered.                                  
    Motorists | Shell Global                                                Skip to main content        Home - Shell Global           Search     What are you looking for?     Submit      Top searches    Safety Data Sheets     Loyalty     Annual Reports     Shell Eco-marathon     Careers      Your recent searches    How can we help?     Job search       Students and graduates       Shell station locator       Shell credit cards                                    Motorists    From our wide range of fuels and motor oils to credit card services that make it easy to fill up when you're on the go, Shell helps you get the most out of every drop. Use the Shell Station Locator to find your nearest Shell Service station and discover the products and services available in your country.          Inside Motorists                 Shell fuels   When you fill up with Shell fuel, you can relax in the knowledge that our scientists have spent decades researching ways to help you get more out of every drop.                Shell engine oils and lubricants   Shell is the number one global lubricant supplier and has a 70-year history of innovation. Explore Shell’s range of engine oils and lubricants for cars, motorcycles, trucks and more.                           Shell credit cards   Shell credit cards offer rewards for your purchases at Shell and provide a more secure way to do your shopping. Filling up has never been so rewarding!                Loyalty   With Shell loyalty programmes in 16 countries, customers can collect points when they visit Shell, and convert these into their choice of rewards.                Motoring tips and advice   Keep your vehicle safe and on the road for longer with our handy tips for cars and motorcycles.               Shell station locator     Find the right oil            Featured content                 Motorsports   Shell's technical partnership with Scuderia Ferrari, race and rider profiles for the Shell Advance Asia Talent Cup and follow the Ducati team.                Shell Motorist app   From great journey destinations to expert vehicle information and everything in between – we’ve got you covered.                Shell station locator   More than 20 million customers a day visit Shell service stations for fuels, motor oils, car care products and more.                                  
    Business customers | Shell Global                                                Skip to main content        Home - Shell Global           Search     What are you looking for?     Submit      Top searches    Safety Data Sheets     Loyalty     Annual Reports     Shell Eco-marathon     Careers      Your recent searches    How can we help?     Job search       Students and graduates       Shell station locator       Shell credit cards                                    Business customers    We supply advanced transport, heating and industrial fuels to corporate and distributing companies in many industries worldwide including transport, mining, manufacturing, power generation and home energy.          Inside Business Customers                 Aviation   Every year at around 900 airports in about 36 countries, Shell Aviation provides fuel for almost 2 million aircraft, refueling an aircraft every 14 seconds.                Shell Bitumen   For over 90 years, Shell has been a leader in bitumen solutions and has developed a broad portfolio of product and service offerings customised to the needs of the road, roofing and airport sectors and some specialty applications.                Shell Chemicals   Shell Chemicals focuses on producing basic or “building-block” chemicals, for sale in bulk to other chemicals companies or industries.                Commercial fuels   We supply advanced transport, heating and industrial fuels to corporate and distributing companies in many industries worldwide including transport, mining, manufacturing, power generation and home energy.                          Shell Global Solutions   Shell Global Solutions helps improve its customers' business performance by providing leading-edge energy consulting and innovative technology.                Lubricants for businesses   Find out about the expert advice, support and case studies we provide through our lubricant-related services that are helping companies like yours every day.                Marine   We offer integrated solutions that combine innovative products and technical services for your marine operation needs                Shell Liquefied Petroleum Gas (LPG)   Liquefied Petroleum Gas (LPG) is a valuable energy source that is used worldwide for numerous business applications in industry and transportation.                          Shell Sulphur Solutions   Find out how Shell Sulphur Solutions can support your business.                Shell Trading and Supply   Shell Trading Supports the Shell businesses by trading natural gas, electrical power, crude oil, refined products, chemical feedstocks and environmental products.                Shell for suppliers   Building strong relationships with our contractors and suppliers is essential to delivering new projects and running our operations.                Shell fuel cards   With a global network and a range of services to help you reduce costs, the Shell Fuel Card can help you do business wherever you are.                                   






OppenheimerFunds Inc. Buys 1,288 Shares of CA Inc. (NASDAQ:CA) | Daily Political











































































Home
About/Contact
Columnists
Privacy Policy
























Headlines
Politics
Nation
World
Issues
Economy
Finance




















CA Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily

		Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for CA Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter:



 






Follow DailyPolitical

 
 










Latest News



OppenheimerFunds Inc. Boosts Position in Rogers Corporation (NYSE:ROG)					

OppenheimerFunds Inc. Acquires 546 Shares of CDK Global, Inc. (NASDAQ:CDK)					

OppenheimerFunds Inc. Buys 1,288 Shares of CA Inc. (NASDAQ:CA)					

OppenheimerFunds Inc. Increases Position in Werner Enterprises, Inc. (NASDAQ:WERN)					

Sysco Corporation (NYSE:SYY) Position Increased by Principal Financial Group Inc.					

Red Robin Gourmet Burgers, Inc. (NASDAQ:RRGB) Shares Bought by Principal Financial Group Inc.					

Principal Financial Group Inc. Invests $5.36 Million in Orthofix International N.V. (NASDAQ:OFIX)					

Principal Financial Group Inc. Has $5.54 Million Stake in Tailored Brands Inc (NASDAQ:TLRD)					

Wellington Management Group LLP Has $22.82 Million Position in Sysco Corporation (NYSE:SYY)					

NCR Corporation (NYSE:NCR) Earns Buy Rating from Royal Bank Of Canada					

Royal Bank Of Canada Reaffirms “Buy” Rating for Energizer Holdings, Inc. (NYSE:EPC)					

Dominion Energy Inc. (NYSE:D) Position Lowered by Fort Washington Investment Advisors Inc. OH					

Concert Wealth Management Inc. Sells 269 Shares of Phillips 66 (NYSE:PSX)					

Alliancebernstein L.P. Buys New Position in J.Jill Inc (JILL)					

Alliancebernstein L.P. Buys 84,391 Shares of Ford Motor Company (NYSE:F)					

Alliancebernstein L.P. Has $2.31 Million Stake in Exponent, Inc. (NASDAQ:EXPO)					

United Dominion Realty Trust, Inc. (NYSE:UDR) Given Neutral Rating at Royal Bank Of Canada					

Prudential Financial Inc. Buys 17,400 Shares of Choice Hotels International, Inc. (NYSE:CHH)					

Depomed, Inc. (NASDAQ:DEPO) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Royal Bank Of Canada					

Royal Bank Of Canada Reiterates Buy Rating for Allergan PLC. (NYSE:AGN)					





 





						OppenheimerFunds Inc. Buys 1,288 Shares of CA Inc. (NASDAQ:CA)					

						 July 16th, 2017  - 0 comments - Filed Under -
 by Tyrone Williams 


							Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles 







Tweet










OppenheimerFunds Inc. increased its position in shares of  CA Inc. (NASDAQ:CA) by 8.6% during the first quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The firm owned 16,223 shares of the technology company’s stock after buying an additional 1,288 shares during the period. OppenheimerFunds Inc.’s holdings in CA were worth $515,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. 
Several other large investors also recently bought and sold shares of the stock. Victory Capital Management Inc. raised its stake in  CA by 36.4% in the first quarter. Victory Capital Management Inc. now owns 222,795 shares of the technology company’s stock worth $7,067,000 after buying an additional 59,398 shares during the period.  Pacer Advisors Inc. increased its position in  CA by 30.8% in the first quarter. Pacer Advisors Inc. now owns 14,114 shares of the technology company’s stock worth $448,000 after buying an additional 3,324 shares in the last quarter.  M&T Bank Corp increased its position in  CA by 3.1% in the first quarter. M&T Bank Corp now owns 740,408 shares of the technology company’s stock worth $23,485,000 after buying an additional 22,308 shares in the last quarter.  Boston Private Wealth LLC increased its position in  CA by 4.4% in the first quarter. Boston Private Wealth LLC now owns 54,889 shares of the technology company’s stock worth $1,741,000 after buying an additional 2,292 shares in the last quarter.  Finally, State of Wisconsin Investment Board increased its position in  CA by 28.4% in the first quarter. State of Wisconsin Investment Board now owns 204,842 shares of the technology company’s stock worth $6,498,000 after buying an additional 45,265 shares in the last quarter. Institutional investors and hedge funds own  70.63% of the company’s stock. 
Shares of CA Inc. (CA) opened at 34.48 on Friday. CA Inc. has a 1-year low of $30.01 and a 1-year high of $36.54. The stock’s 50 day moving average price is $32.41 and its 200 day moving average price is $32.25. The company has a market capitalization of $14.41 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 18.64 and a beta of 0.87. 




CA (NASDAQ:CA) last released its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, May 11th. The technology company reported $0.54 EPS for the quarter, beating the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.49 by $0.05. CA had a net margin of 19.20% and a return on equity of 17.15%. The business had revenue of $1.01 billion during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $996.59 million. During the same quarter in the prior year, the company earned $0.60 EPS. The firm’s quarterly revenue was up .3% on a year-over-year basis.  Analysts expect that  CA Inc. will post $2.38 EPS for the current year. 
ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: This report was first  posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this report on another website, it was stolen and reposted in violation of U.S. and international trademark & copyright legislation. The legal version of this report can be accessed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/07/16/oppenheimerfunds-inc-buys-1288-shares-of-ca-inc-nasdaqca.html. 
A number of research analysts have commented on CA shares. BidaskClub downgraded CA from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a report on Saturday, July 1st. Sanford C. Bernstein  reissued an “underperform” rating and issued a $28.00 price target on shares of CA in a report on Wednesday, June 28th. Citigroup Inc. raised their target price on CA from $34.00 to $36.00 and gave the company a “neutral” rating in a research report on Wednesday, June 28th. Jefferies Group LLC  restated a “buy” rating and issued a $38.00 target price on shares of CA in a research report on Wednesday, June 21st. Finally, Zacks Investment Research upgraded CA from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating and set a $38.00 target price on the stock in a research report on Tuesday, July 11th. Four research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, eight have issued  a hold rating and five have given a buy rating to the company’s stock. CA presently has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $35.10.
In related news, insider Ayman Sayed sold 30,194 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction on Wednesday, June 21st. The shares were sold at an average price of $35.62, for a total value of $1,075,510.28. Following the completion of the transaction, the insider now directly owns 168,455 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $6,000,367.10. The sale was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which is available through the SEC website. 0.90% of the stock is currently owned by corporate insiders. 
About CA
CA, Inc (CA) is engaged in providing software solutions enabling customers to plan, develop, manage and secure applications and enterprise environments across distributed, cloud, mobile and mainframe platforms. The Company operates through three business segments: Mainframe Solutions, Enterprise Solutions and Services.
Want to see what other hedge funds are holding CA? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for CA Inc. (NASDAQ:CA).






Receive News & Ratings for CA Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for CA Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 
















 Comment on this Post

Click here to cancel reply.



Name (required)

Mail (will not be published) (required)

Website






Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted!




Latest News




Jeff Sessions Spoke of Resigning After Tensions Increase with Trump





President Trump’s Tweets Complicate Already Complicated Week





World Leaders Very Critical of Paris Agreement Decision by Trump





Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected





Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea














			© DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. 


Privacy Policy |
			About | Columnists 
			| Contact 
























































﻿






























Sucampo Pharmaceuticals (NASDAQ:SCMP) Earning Somewhat Positive Press Coverage, Report Finds - Chaffey Breeze













































 
















 



  
 
 
























Daily Ratings & News for Sucampo Pharmaceuticals Inc.

        
	Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Sucampo Pharmaceuticals Inc. with our free daily email newsletter:










Follow @chaffeybreeze












Recent Posts

Nordstrom (NYSE:JWN) Receives Coverage Optimism Score of 0.23
Corning (NYSE:GLW) Earning Somewhat Favorable Press Coverage, Report Shows
Lithia Motors (NYSE:LAD) Getting Somewhat Positive Press Coverage, Report Shows
Parsley Energy (NYSE:PE) Earns Daily Coverage Optimism Score of 0.21
Republic Services (NYSE:RSG) Given Daily News Sentiment Rating of 0.22
Iron Mountain (NYSE:IRM) Getting Somewhat Favorable News Coverage, Accern Reports
Sucampo Pharmaceuticals (NASDAQ:SCMP) Earning Somewhat Positive Press Coverage, Report Finds
Schwab Charles Investment Management Inc. Acquires 57,935 Shares of LyondellBasell Industries NV (NYSE:LYB)
Schwab Charles Investment Management Inc. Acquires 122,838 Shares of Brocade Communications Systems, Inc. (NASDAQ:BRCD)
Westar Energy, Inc. (NYSE:WR) Stake Boosted by Schwab Charles Investment Management Inc.
Leidos Holdings, Inc. (NYSE:LDOS) Shares Bought by Schwab Charles Investment Management Inc.
Oppenheimer & Co. Inc. Has $272,000 Stake in Whiting Petroleum Corporation (WLL)
Oppenheimer & Co. Inc. Sells 4,953 Shares of Sensata Technologies Holding N.V. (NYSE:ST)
CryoLife, Inc. (NYSE:CRY) Shares Bought by Oppenheimer & Co. Inc.
Oppenheimer Asset Management Inc. Takes Position in Healthcare Trust of America, Inc. (HTA)
Oppenheimer Asset Management Inc. Purchases New Position in Glacier Bancorp, Inc. (GBCI)
Oppenheimer Asset Management Inc. Takes Position in Gaming and Leisure Properties, Inc. (GLPI)
Bank of America Corp DE Acquires 95,811 Shares of Highwoods Properties, Inc. (HIW)
Bank of America Corp DE Acquires 92,488 Shares of Flowserve Corporation (FLS)
Insider Selling: AppFolio Inc (APPF) Major Shareholder Sells 50,000 Shares of Stock







Sucampo Pharmaceuticals (NASDAQ:SCMP) Earning Somewhat Positive Press Coverage, Report Finds


					Posted by Lucas Kauffman on Jul 16th, 2017 // No Comments




Headlines about Sucampo Pharmaceuticals (NASDAQ:SCMP) have been trending somewhat positive recently, Accern Sentiment Analysis reports. Accern ranks the sentiment of media coverage by monitoring more than 20 million blog and news sources in real time. Accern ranks coverage of public companies on a scale of -1 to 1, with scores closest to one being the most favorable. Sucampo Pharmaceuticals earned a news sentiment score of 0.22 on Accern’s scale. Accern also gave media coverage about the biopharmaceutical company an impact score of 51 out of 100, indicating that recent media coverage is somewhat likely to have an effect on the stock’s share price in the next several days. 
Shares of Sucampo Pharmaceuticals (SCMP) traded down 1.35% on Friday, hitting $10.95. 509,617 shares of the stock traded hands. The stock has a 50-day moving average price of $10.28 and a 200 day moving average price of $11.25. The firm has a market cap of $508.79 million, a P/E ratio of 17.66 and a beta of 1.46. Sucampo Pharmaceuticals has a 52 week low of $9.30 and a 52 week high of $17.55. 


 Get Sucampo Pharmaceuticals Inc. alerts:



Sucampo Pharmaceuticals (NASDAQ:SCMP) last posted its quarterly earnings data on Wednesday, May 3rd. The biopharmaceutical company reported $0.23 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, missing analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.28 by $0.05. The company had revenue of $56.30 million for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $54.15 million. Sucampo Pharmaceuticals had a return on equity of 43.27% and a net margin of 11.36%. The business’s revenue was up 19.3% on a year-over-year basis. During the same period in the prior year, the firm posted $0.21 earnings per share.  Equities research analysts predict that  Sucampo Pharmaceuticals will post $1.04 EPS for the current fiscal year. 





SCMP has been the subject of several recent analyst reports. Jefferies Group LLC cut their target price on Sucampo Pharmaceuticals from $13.00 to $11.00 and set a “hold” rating for the company in a research note on Thursday, May 4th. Mizuho  restated a “buy” rating and set a $14.00 target price on shares of Sucampo Pharmaceuticals in a research note on Tuesday, April 4th. Maxim Group  restated a “buy” rating and set a $21.00 target price (up from $19.00) on shares of Sucampo Pharmaceuticals in a research note on Monday, April 3rd. ValuEngine cut Sucampo Pharmaceuticals from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Friday, June 2nd. Finally, Zacks Investment Research upgraded Sucampo Pharmaceuticals from a “strong sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Tuesday, July 4th. Two analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating, seven have assigned  a buy rating and one  has given a strong buy rating to the company’s stock. The company  has a consensus rating of “Buy” and a consensus price target of $17.00.
ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: “Sucampo Pharmaceuticals (NASDAQ:SCMP) Earning Somewhat Positive Press Coverage, Report Finds” was  reported by Chaffey Breeze and is owned by of Chaffey Breeze. If you are reading this story on another publication, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of international copyright and trademark law. The correct version of this story can be viewed at https://www.chaffeybreeze.com/2017/07/16/sucampo-pharmaceuticals-nasdaqscmp-earning-somewhat-positive-press-coverage-report-finds.html. 
About Sucampo Pharmaceuticals
Sucampo Pharmaceuticals, Inc is a biopharmaceutical company. The Company is focused on the development and commercialization of pharmaceutical products. Its primary focus areas are gastroenterology, ophthalmology and oncology-related disorders. Its product candidates include VTS-270, Lubiprostone (AMITIZA), Unoprostone is opropyl (RESCULA) and CPP-1X/sulindac combination product.







Receive News & Ratings for Sucampo Pharmaceuticals Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Sucampo Pharmaceuticals Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.








 






















Latest News





Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name  (Required) 



Mail (will not be published)  (Required) 



Website












 

 













































Shell Asset Management Co BV: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback























shell asset management co bv
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: Financials
Industry: Asset Management
Sub-Industry: Investment Management
Shell Asset Management Company B.V. operates as an investment management firm. The Company offers asset management, research analysis, financial planning, and advisory services. Shell Asset Management serves customers worldwide.




Corporate Information
Address:

PO Box 575
The Hague, 2501 CN
Netherlands


Phone:
31-70-31-99-400


Fax:
-


Web url:
www.pensioenfonds.shell.nl





Board Members




Chairman;supervisory Board
Company




























From The Web












Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data









































Teachers Retirement System of The State of Kentucky Holds Stake in CA Inc. (NASDAQ:CA) | Daily Political











































































Home
About/Contact
Columnists
Privacy Policy
























Headlines
Politics
Nation
World
Issues
Economy
Finance




















CA Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily

		Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for CA Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter:



 






Follow DailyPolitical

 
 










Latest News



Ionis Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (NASDAQ:IONS) Expected to Announce Quarterly Sales of $83.59 Million					

Analysts Expect Allegion PLC (NYSE:ALLE) Will Post Quarterly Sales of $613.37 Million					

Western Gas Equity Partners, LP (WGP) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Buy					

United Rentals, Inc. (URI) Downgraded by ValuEngine to Buy					

Zacks Investment Research Downgrades Asanko Gold Inc (NYSEMKT:AKG) to Hold					

TRANSAT AT Inc (TSE:TRZ) Stock Rating Upgraded by CIBC					

Trican Well Service Ltd (TSE:TCW) Price Target Lowered to C$5.25 at CIBC					

OMV AG (OTCMKTS:OMVJF) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research					

Hilton Food Group plc (HFG) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Peel Hunt					

Fevertree Drinks PLC (FEVR) Receives “Hold” Rating from Whitman Howard					

Britvic Plc (BVIC) Earns “Buy” Rating from Whitman Howard					

Cranswick plc (CWK) Receives “Hold” Rating from Whitman Howard					

freenet AG (FNTN) Given a €28.00 Price Target at Commerzbank Ag					

Aberdeen Asset Management plc (LON:ADN) Given New GBX 285 Price Target at Barclays PLC					

J P Morgan Chase & Co Increases BHP Billiton plc (BLT) Price Target to GBX 1,180					

Head to Head Contrast: International Business Machines Corporation (IBM) & Convergys Corporation (CVG)					

Energy Focus (EFOI) versus Research Frontiers (REFR) Critical Comparison					

Comparing LendingTree (TREE) and Ally Financial (ALLY)					

Telecom Argentina Stet – France Telecom (TEO) versus Black Box Corporation (BBOX) Financial Survey					

$3.66 Billion in Sales Expected for Cognizant Technology Solutions Corporation (NASDAQ:CTSH) This Quarter					





 





						Teachers Retirement System of The State of Kentucky Holds Stake in CA Inc. (NASDAQ:CA)					

						 July 16th, 2017  - 0 comments - Filed Under -
 by Latisha Jones 


							Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles 







Tweet










Teachers Retirement System of The State of Kentucky continued to hold its position in  CA Inc. (NASDAQ:CA) during the first quarter, according to its most recent filing with the SEC. The firm owned 37,612 shares of the technology company’s stock at the end of the first quarter. Teachers Retirement System of The State of Kentucky’s holdings in CA were worth $1,193,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. 
Several other institutional investors have also added to or reduced their stakes in CA. Achmea Investment Management B.V. purchased a new position in shares of  CA during the first quarter worth $4,647,000.  Bank of Nova Scotia raised its position in shares of  CA by 917.1% in the first quarter. Bank of Nova Scotia now owns 72,175 shares of the technology company’s stock worth $2,289,000 after buying an additional 65,079 shares during the last quarter.  Financial Advisors Network Inc. raised its position in shares of  CA by 6.7% in the first quarter. Financial Advisors Network Inc. now owns 25,107 shares of the technology company’s stock worth $794,000 after buying an additional 1,570 shares during the last quarter.  Summit Global Investments raised its position in shares of  CA by 15.8% in the first quarter. Summit Global Investments now owns 43,379 shares of the technology company’s stock worth $1,376,000 after buying an additional 5,912 shares during the last quarter.  Finally, OLD Mutual Customised Solutions Proprietary Ltd. raised its position in shares of  CA by 16.0% in the first quarter. OLD Mutual Customised Solutions Proprietary Ltd. now owns 15,200 shares of the technology company’s stock worth $482,000 after buying an additional 2,100 shares during the last quarter. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own  70.63% of the company’s stock. 
Shares of CA Inc. (NASDAQ:CA) opened at 34.48 on Friday. The firm’s 50-day moving average is $32.41 and its 200-day moving average is $32.25. CA Inc. has a 52 week low of $30.01 and a 52 week high of $36.54. The stock has a market capitalization of $14.41 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 18.64 and a beta of 0.87. 




CA (NASDAQ:CA) last posted its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, May 11th. The technology company reported $0.54 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.49 by $0.05. The business had revenue of $1.01 billion during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $996.59 million. CA had a net margin of 19.20% and a return on equity of 17.15%. The business’s quarterly revenue was up .3% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter last year, the company posted $0.60 earnings per share.  Analysts forecast that  CA Inc. will post $2.38 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. 
TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: “Teachers Retirement System of The State of Kentucky Holds Stake in CA Inc. (NASDAQ:CA)” was first  posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this story on another domain, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of United States & international copyright & trademark law. The legal version of this story can be accessed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/07/16/teachers-retirement-system-of-the-state-of-kentucky-holds-stake-in-ca-inc-nasdaqca.html. 
A number of equities analysts recently weighed in on the stock. Raymond James Financial, Inc.  restated a “market perform” rating on shares of CA in a report on Thursday, June 22nd. Citigroup Inc. boosted their price objective on shares of CA from $34.00 to $36.00 and gave the stock a “neutral” rating in a report on Wednesday, June 28th. Sanford C. Bernstein  restated an “underperform” rating and issued a $28.00 price objective on shares of CA in a report on Wednesday, June 28th. BidaskClub lowered shares of CA from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a report on Saturday, July 1st. Finally, Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of CA from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating and set a $38.00 price objective for the company in a report on Tuesday, July 11th. Four equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, eight have issued  a hold rating and five have assigned  a buy rating to the stock. CA presently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $35.10.
In related news, insider Ayman Sayed sold 30,194 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction on Wednesday, June 21st. The shares were sold at an average price of $35.62, for a total transaction of $1,075,510.28. Following the completion of the transaction, the insider now owns 168,455 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $6,000,367.10. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which is available at the SEC website. Company insiders own  0.90% of the company’s stock. 
About CA
CA, Inc (CA) is engaged in providing software solutions enabling customers to plan, develop, manage and secure applications and enterprise environments across distributed, cloud, mobile and mainframe platforms. The Company operates through three business segments: Mainframe Solutions, Enterprise Solutions and Services.
Want to see what other hedge funds are holding CA? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for CA Inc. (NASDAQ:CA).






Receive News & Ratings for CA Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for CA Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 
















 Comment on this Post

Click here to cancel reply.



Name (required)

Mail (will not be published) (required)

Website






Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be placed in moderation!




Latest News




Jeff Sessions Spoke of Resigning After Tensions Increase with Trump





President Trump’s Tweets Complicate Already Complicated Week





World Leaders Very Critical of Paris Agreement Decision by Trump





Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected





Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea














			© DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. 


Privacy Policy |
			About | Columnists 
			| Contact 
























































﻿






























Bank of America Corporation Boosts Wabco Holdings Inc. (WBC) Price Target to $150.00 - Chaffey Breeze













































 
















 



  
 
 
























Daily Ratings & News for Wabco Holdings Inc.

        
	Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Wabco Holdings Inc. with our free daily email newsletter:










Follow @chaffeybreeze












Recent Posts

Citigroup Inc. Lowers Newfield Exploration Company (NFX) Price Target to $36.00
Pioneer Natural Resources Company (PXD) Price Target Lowered to $190.00 at Citigroup Inc.
Citigroup Inc. Trims Cimarex Energy Co (XEC) Target Price to $120.00
Bank of America Corporation Boosts Wabco Holdings Inc. (WBC) Price Target to $150.00
Royal Bank Scotland PLC (The) (RBS) Lifted to Buy at Zacks Investment Research
El Pollo Loco Holdings, Inc. (LOCO) Raised to Buy at Zacks Investment Research
Royal Dutch Shell PLC (RDS.A) Stock Rating Lowered by Macquarie
Ryder System (R) Given News Sentiment Rating of -0.02
Somewhat Negative Press Coverage Very Likely to Affect Wynn Resorts, Limited (WYNN) Stock Price
Somewhat Negative News Coverage Unlikely to Affect Innospec (IOSP) Share Price
NVE Corporation (NVEC) Receives Media Impact Rating of -0.06
Epoch Investment Partners Inc. Buys Shares of 109,440 NXP Semiconductors N.V. (NASDAQ:NXPI)
Allen Investment Management LLC Continues to Hold Stake in Noble Energy Inc. (NYSE:NBL)
Invictus RG Buys New Position in Spectrum Brands Holdings, Inc. (SPB)
Logan Capital Management Inc. Has $627,000 Position in TE Connectivity Ltd. (NYSE:TEL)
Vulcan Materials Company (NYSE:VMC) Shares Sold by Sii Investments Inc. WI
Eversource Energy (NYSE:ES) Shares Sold by State Street Corp
Nomura Holdings Inc. Reduces Stake in Avery Dennison Corporation (NYSE:AVY)
Nomura Holdings Inc. Takes Position in Bio-Techne Corp (NASDAQ:TECH)
Community Bank System, Inc. (NYSE:CBU) Receives Average Recommendation of “Hold” from Analysts







Bank of America Corporation Boosts Wabco Holdings Inc. (WBC) Price Target to $150.00


					Posted by Charlotte Bryant on Jul 21st, 2017 // No Comments




Wabco Holdings Inc. (NYSE:WBC) had its price objective increased by equities research analysts at Bank of America Corporation  from $140.00 to $150.00 in a research report issued to clients and investors on Friday. The firm presently has a “buy” rating on the auto parts company’s stock. Bank of America Corporation’s target price indicates a potential upside of 6.76% from the company’s current price.
Several other research firms also recently weighed in on WBC. Deutsche Bank AG boosted their price target on Wabco Holdings from $128.00 to $146.00 and gave the company a “hold” rating in a research note on Friday. Stifel Nicolaus  reiterated a “buy” rating on shares of Wabco Holdings in a research note on Friday. Piper Jaffray Companies  reiterated a “buy” rating on shares of Wabco Holdings in a research note on Wednesday. Royal Bank Of Canada  reiterated a “buy” rating and set a $137.00 price target on shares of Wabco Holdings in a research note on Thursday. Finally, BidaskClub upgraded Wabco Holdings from a “buy” rating to a “strong-buy” rating in a research note on Thursday, July 6th. Two analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, four have issued  a hold rating, eight have assigned  a buy rating and one  has given a strong buy rating to the stock. The stock currently has an average rating of “Buy” and an average target price of $126.25.


 Get Wabco Holdings Inc. alerts:



Wabco Holdings (WBC) traded up 3.15% on Friday, reaching $140.50. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 942,703 shares. The firm’s 50 day moving average price is $125.95 and its 200-day moving average price is $117.42. The company has a market capitalization of $7.60 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 24.59 and a beta of 1.64. Wabco Holdings has a 1-year low of $96.09 and a 1-year high of $141.86. 





Wabco Holdings (NYSE:WBC) last posted its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, July 20th. The auto parts company reported $1.69 earnings per share for the quarter, beating the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $1.54 by $0.15. The business had revenue of $795 million for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $759.33 million. Wabco Holdings had a return on equity of 40.37% and a net margin of 11.05%. The company’s quarterly revenue was up 8.6% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same quarter in the previous year, the business earned $1.43 EPS.  Equities analysts forecast that  Wabco Holdings will post $6.11 earnings per share for the current year. 
TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: “Bank of America Corporation Boosts Wabco Holdings Inc. (WBC) Price Target to $150.00” was first  reported by Chaffey Breeze and is the sole property of of Chaffey Breeze. If you are accessing this news story on another site, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of US and international trademark and copyright laws. The original version of this news story can be viewed at https://www.chaffeybreeze.com/2017/07/21/bank-of-america-corporation-boosts-wabco-holdings-inc-wbc-price-target-to-150-00.html. 
A number of institutional investors have recently added to or reduced their stakes in WBC. Vanguard Group Inc. boosted its position in  Wabco Holdings by 2.5% in the first quarter. Vanguard Group Inc. now owns 4,104,594 shares of the auto parts company’s stock worth $481,960,000 after buying an additional 99,639 shares during the last quarter.  Boston Partners boosted its position in  Wabco Holdings by 30.4% in the first quarter. Boston Partners now owns 3,058,351 shares of the auto parts company’s stock worth $359,111,000 after buying an additional 713,086 shares during the last quarter.  BlackRock Inc. boosted its position in  Wabco Holdings by 4,696.5% in the first quarter. BlackRock Inc. now owns 2,830,351 shares of the auto parts company’s stock worth $332,341,000 after buying an additional 2,771,342 shares during the last quarter.  Kayne Anderson Rudnick Investment Management LLC boosted its position in  Wabco Holdings by 6.5% in the first quarter. Kayne Anderson Rudnick Investment Management LLC now owns 1,545,684 shares of the auto parts company’s stock worth $181,494,000 after buying an additional 94,657 shares during the last quarter.  Finally, State Street Corp boosted its position in  Wabco Holdings by 2.6% in the first quarter. State Street Corp now owns 963,551 shares of the auto parts company’s stock worth $113,135,000 after buying an additional 24,800 shares during the last quarter. 98.52% of the stock is owned by institutional investors. 
About Wabco Holdings
WABCO Holdings Inc is a supplier of electronic, mechanical, electro-mechanical and aerodynamic products for various manufacturers of commercial trucks, buses and trailers, as well as passenger cars. The Company engineers, develops, manufactures and sells braking, stability, suspension and transmission automation and air management systems primarily for commercial vehicles.







Receive News & Ratings for Wabco Holdings Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Wabco Holdings Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.








 






















Latest News





Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name  (Required) 



Mail (will not be published)  (Required) 



Website












 

 













































Shell Asset Management Company B.V.: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 21, 2017 9:23 PM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of Shell Asset Management Company B.V.



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Shell Asset Management Company B.V. operates as an asset management arm of Royal Dutch Shell plc. Shell Asset Management Company B.V. manages pension funds for its clients. It invests in the public equity markets and fixed income markets across the globe. The firm was formerly known as Shell Pensioenfonds Beheer B.V. (SPB). Shell Asset Management Company is based in The Hague, The Netherlands.


PO Box 575The Hague,  2501 CNNetherlands



Phone: 31 70 319 9200

Fax: 31 70 319 9365








Key Executives for Shell Asset Management Company B.V.




Dr. Willem Boeschoten Ph.D.


      	Head of Strategy and External Management
      








Mr. Pim Van Santen


      	Investment Manager
      








Mr. Robert van Schaik


      	Private Equity Portfolio Manager
      





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 

Shell Asset Management Company B.V. Key Developments

Shell Asset Management Company B.V. Presents at SuperInvestor Event-Private Equity Conference, Nov-17-2016 09:30 AM
Nov 11 16
Shell Asset Management Company B.V. Presents at SuperInvestor Event-Private Equity Conference, Nov-17-2016 09:30 AM. Venue: Hotel Okura, Amsterdam, Netherlands. Speakers: Greg Gut, CIO.


Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 2Deal Ventures B.V. Europe Accion N.V. Europe Adagium Corporate Finance BV Europe Adcorporate International B.V. Europe AenF Partners B.V. Europe




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Shell Asset Management Company B.V., please visit --.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close


























﻿
































Assenagon Asset Management S.A. Buys 15,341 Shares of CF Industries Holdings, Inc. (NYSE:CF) - Markets Daily













































 
























 




 





















Daily Ratings & News for CF Industries Holdings Inc.
        	Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor CF Industries Holdings Inc. with our free daily email newsletter:



 





Follow @TheMarketsDaily


The Markets Daily









Recent Posts

Highland Capital Management LLC Boosts Stake in Lennar Corporation (NYSE:LEN)
GasLog LP. (NYSE:GLOG) Stake Decreased by Searle & CO.
BankUnited, Inc. (NYSE:BKU) Position Boosted by Douglas Lane & Associates LLC
Aperio Group LLC Boosts Position in McCormick & Company, Incorporated (NYSE:MKC)
Assenagon Asset Management S.A. Purchases Shares of 20,000 China Mobile (Hong Kong) Ltd. (NYSE:CHL)
Expeditors International of Washington, Inc. (EXPD) Shares Sold by Douglas Lane & Associates LLC
Kyocera Corporation (NYSE:KYO) Shares Bought by Highland Capital Management LLC
Kessler Investment Group LLC Buys Shares of 500 Tesla Inc. (TSLA)
First National Bank of Omaha Sells 415 Shares of Methode Electronics, Inc. (MEI)
First National Bank of Omaha Has $4.24 Million Stake in Littelfuse, Inc. (LFUS)
Unifirst Corporation (NYSE:UNF) Shares Sold by BTIM Corp.
Verisk Analytics, Inc. (NASDAQ:VRSK) Stake Decreased by Douglas Lane & Associates LLC
Douglas Lane & Associates LLC Boosts Stake in Discovery Communications, Inc. (NASDAQ:DISCK)
Statoil ASA (NYSE:STO) Stake Maintained by Bennicas & Associates Inc.
Rehmann Capital Advisory Group Purchases 1,357 Shares of UBS AG (UBS)
Kirr Marbach & Co. LLC IN Increases Position in Equal Energy Ltd. (ENT)
Peregrine Capital Management LLC Sells 2,867 Shares of Boise Cascade, L.L.C. (NYSE:BCC)
BankUnited, Inc. (BKU) Stake Boosted by First National Bank of Omaha
Bennicas & Associates Inc. Has $1,716,000 Position in Wheaton Precious Metals Corp (SLW)
Assenagon Asset Management S.A. Buys 15,341 Shares of CF Industries Holdings, Inc. (NYSE:CF)




 


Assenagon Asset Management S.A. Buys 15,341 Shares of CF Industries Holdings, Inc. (NYSE:CF)

					Posted by Tristan Rich on Jul 20th, 2017 // No Comments 




Assenagon Asset Management S.A. increased its stake in shares of  CF Industries Holdings, Inc. (NYSE:CF) by 103.6% during the second quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The institutional investor  owned 30,150 shares of the basic materials company’s stock after buying an additional 15,341 shares during the period. Assenagon Asset Management S.A.’s holdings in CF Industries Holdings were worth $843,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. 
Other hedge funds also recently made changes to their positions in the company. CENTRAL TRUST Co increased its position in shares of  CF Industries Holdings by 0.7% in the first quarter. CENTRAL TRUST Co now owns 3,667 shares of the basic materials company’s stock worth $107,000 after buying an additional 24 shares in the last quarter.  First Mercantile Trust Co. increased its position in shares of  CF Industries Holdings by 22.4% in the first quarter. First Mercantile Trust Co. now owns 3,691 shares of the basic materials company’s stock worth $108,000 after buying an additional 676 shares in the last quarter.  Pacer Advisors Inc. increased its position in shares of  CF Industries Holdings by 3.3% in the first quarter. Pacer Advisors Inc. now owns 4,293 shares of the basic materials company’s stock worth $126,000 after buying an additional 137 shares in the last quarter.  Northwestern Mutual Wealth Management Co. increased its position in shares of  CF Industries Holdings by 34.5% in the first quarter. Northwestern Mutual Wealth Management Co. now owns 5,512 shares of the basic materials company’s stock worth $162,000 after buying an additional 1,415 shares in the last quarter.  Finally, Ameritas Investment Partners Inc. acquired a new position in shares of  CF Industries Holdings during the first quarter worth approximately $164,000. 


 Get CF Industries Holdings Inc. alerts:



CF Industries Holdings, Inc. (CF) traded down 0.06% during midday trading on Thursday, hitting $30.79. The stock had a trading volume of 1,178,166 shares. The company’s 50 day moving average price is $27.84 and its 200-day moving average price is $29.98. The stock’s market cap is $7.18 billion. CF Industries Holdings, Inc. has a 52-week low of $20.77 and a 52-week high of $37.17. 




CF Industries Holdings (NYSE:CF) last released its quarterly earnings results on Wednesday, May 3rd. The basic materials company reported $0.05 EPS for the quarter, missing the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.09 by $0.04. The company had revenue of $1.04 billion during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $988.56 million. CF Industries Holdings had a positive return on equity of 0.41% and a negative net margin of 8.77%. The company’s revenue was up 3.3% on a year-over-year basis. During the same period in the previous year, the firm posted $0.40 earnings per share.  Analysts forecast that  CF Industries Holdings, Inc. will post ($0.34) EPS for the current fiscal year. 
COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: This story was originally  published by Markets Daily and is the property of of Markets Daily. If you are reading this story on another publication, it was stolen and republished in violation of U.S. and international copyright & trademark laws. The correct version of this story can be read at https://www.themarketsdaily.com/2017/07/20/assenagon-asset-management-s-a-buys-15341-shares-of-cf-industries-holdings-inc-nysecf.html. 
A number of equities analysts recently commented on CF shares. BMO Capital Markets  restated a “buy” rating and set a $38.00 target price on shares of CF Industries Holdings in a report on Wednesday, April 5th. Citigroup Inc. decreased their target price on CF Industries Holdings from $36.00 to $31.00 and set a “neutral” rating for the company in a report on Tuesday, April 11th. Royal Bank Of Canada decreased their target price on CF Industries Holdings from $27.00 to $26.00 and set an “underperform” rating for the company in a report on Tuesday, April 18th. Zacks Investment Research downgraded CF Industries Holdings from a “hold” rating to a “strong sell” rating in a report on Tuesday, April 18th. Finally, Credit Suisse Group  restated a “buy” rating and set a $31.00 target price on shares of CF Industries Holdings in a report on Friday, April 21st. Four equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, six have assigned  a hold rating, six have issued  a buy rating and one  has issued  a strong buy rating to the company. The company  has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $31.43.
CF Industries Holdings Company Profile
CF Industries Holdings, Inc manufactures and distributes nitrogen fertilizer, and other nitrogen products. The Company’s nitrogen fertilizer products are ammonia, granular urea, urea ammonium nitrate solution (UAN) and ammonium nitrate (AN). Its other nitrogen products include diesel exhaust fluid (DEF), urea liquor, nitric acid and aqua ammonia, which are sold primarily to the Company’s industrial customers, and compound fertilizer products (nitrogen, phosphorus and potassium or NPKs).
Want to see what other hedge funds are holding CF? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for CF Industries Holdings, Inc. (NYSE:CF).







Receive News & Ratings for CF Industries Holdings Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for CF Industries Holdings Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 





























Latest News






Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name  (Required) 



Mail (will not be published)  (Required) 



Website





























































Vanda Pharmaceuticals (NASDAQ:VNDA) Stock Price, News & Analysis






















    























































































Vanda Pharmaceuticals Company Profile (NASDAQ:VNDA)



  






Company Profile



Analyst Ratings



Earnings History



Earnings Estimates



Dividend History



Insider Trade



Headlines



Social Media



Chart






About Vanda Pharmaceuticals (NASDAQ:VNDA)
Vanda Pharmaceuticals Inc. is a biopharmaceutical company. The Company is focused on the development and commercialization of therapies to address unmet medical needs. Its product portfolio includes HETLIOZ (tasimelteon), Fanapt (iloperidone), Tradipitant (VLY-686), Trichostatin A and AQW051. It offers HETLIOZ for the treatment of Non-24-Hour Sleep-Wake Disorder (Non-24). HETLIOZ is in clinical development for the treatment of Pediatric Non-24, Jet Lag Disorder and Smith-Magenis Syndrome. It offers Fanapt for the treatment of schizophrenia. Fanapt has potential utility in various other disorders. Tradipitant is a small molecule neurokinin-1 receptor (NK-1R) antagonist, which is in clinical development for the treatment of chronic pruritus in atopic dermatitis. Trichostatin A is a small molecule histone deacetylase (HDAC) inhibitor. AQW051 is a Phase II alpha-7 nicotinic acetylcholine receptor partial agonist. AQW051 is indicated for the treatment of central nervous system disorders. 


Industry, Sector and Symbol:

Sector: Medical
Industry: Bio Therapeutic Drugs
Sub-Industry: Biotechnology
Symbol: NASDAQ:VNDA
CUSIP: 92165910
Web: www.vandapharmaceuticals.com

Capitalization:Market Cap: $730.65 millionOutstanding Shares: 44,552,000Average Prices:50 Day Moving Avg: $15.39200 Day Moving Avg: $14.5452 Week Range: $10.98 - $18.00


P/E:Trailing P/E Ratio: N/AForeward P/E Ratio: -49.70P/E Growth: -1.49Sales & Book Value:Annual Revenue: $150.17 millionPrice / Sales: 4.87Book Value: $2.88 per sharePrice / Book: 5.69


Profitability:EBIDTA: ($4,590,000.00)Net Margins: -8.85%Return on Equity: -10.42%Return on Assets: -6.44%Debt:Current Ratio: 2.31%Quick Ratio: 2.30%Misc:Average Volume: 478,675 shs.Beta: 1.51Short Ratio: 5.42

 


 

Frequently Asked Questions for Vanda Pharmaceuticals (NASDAQ:VNDA)
What is Vanda Pharmaceuticals' stock symbol?

Vanda Pharmaceuticals trades on the NASDAQ under the ticker symbol "VNDA."



How were Vanda Pharmaceuticals' earnings last quarter?

Vanda Pharmaceuticals Inc. (NASDAQ:VNDA) announced its earnings results on Tuesday, May, 2nd. The company reported ($0.17) earnings per share for the quarter, missing the Zacks' consensus estimate of ($0.13) by $0.04. The business earned $37.42 million during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $38.35 million. Vanda Pharmaceuticals had a negative net margin of 8.85% and a negative return on equity of 10.42%.  View Vanda Pharmaceuticals' Earnings History.



When will Vanda Pharmaceuticals make its next earnings announcement?

Vanda Pharmaceuticals is scheduled to release their next quarterly earnings announcement on Wednesday, August, 2nd 2017. View Earnings Estimates for Vanda Pharmaceuticals.



Where is Vanda Pharmaceuticals' stock going? Where will Vanda Pharmaceuticals' stock price be in 2017?

8 analysts have issued 1 year price targets for Vanda Pharmaceuticals' stock. Their forecasts range from $18.00 to $24.00. On average, they anticipate Vanda Pharmaceuticals' share price to reach $21.75 in the next twelve months. View Analyst Ratings for Vanda Pharmaceuticals.



Who are some of Vanda Pharmaceuticals' key competitors?

 Some companies that are related to Vanda Pharmaceuticals include Array BioPharma (ARRY), Dermira (DERM), Acceleron Pharma (XLRN), Amarin Corporation PLC (AMRN), Clinigen Group PLC (CLIN), Xencor (XNCR), Insmed (INSM), Acorda Therapeutics (ACOR), Omeros Corporation (OMER), Aduro Biotech (ADRO), Synergy Pharmaceuticals (SGYP), NeuroDerm (NDRM), Insys Therapeutics (INSY), Five Prime Therapeutics (FPRX), ZIOPHARM Oncology (ZIOP), Keryx Biopharmaceuticals (KERX), Achaogen (AKAO) and Epizyme (EPZM).



Who are Vanda Pharmaceuticals' key executives?

Vanda Pharmaceuticals' management team includes the folowing people: H. Thomas Watkins, Independent Chairman of the BoardMihael Hristos Polymeropoulos M.D., President, Chief Executive Officer, DirectorJames Patrick Kelly, Chief Financial Officer, Senior Vice President, Treasurer, SecretaryRichard L Gulino, Senior Vice President, General Counsel, SecretaryGian Piero Reverberi, Senior Vice President, Acting Chief Commercial Officer and European General ManagerKenneth M. Bate, DirectorMichael F. Cola, Independent DirectorRichard W. Dugan, Independent DirectorVincent J. Milano, Independent Director



Who owns Vanda Pharmaceuticals stock?

Vanda Pharmaceuticals' stock is owned by many different of institutional and retail investors. Top institutional investors include Bank of Montreal Can (0.18%), Capital One National Association (0.04%) and Gagnon Securities LLC (0.04%). Company insiders that own Vanda Pharmaceuticals stock include James E Flynn, James Patrick Kelly, Mihael Hristos Polymeropoulos, Paolo Baroldi and Richard L Gulino. View Institutional Ownership Trends for Vanda Pharmaceuticals.



Who sold Vanda Pharmaceuticals stock? Who is selling Vanda Pharmaceuticals stock?

Vanda Pharmaceuticals' stock was sold by a variety of institutional investors in the last quarter, including Gagnon Securities LLC and Capital One National Association. Company insiders that have sold Vanda Pharmaceuticals stock in the last year include James E Flynn and Richard L Gulino. View Insider Buying and Selling for Vanda Pharmaceuticals.



Who bought Vanda Pharmaceuticals stock? Who is buying Vanda Pharmaceuticals stock?

Vanda Pharmaceuticals' stock was purchased by a variety of institutional investors in the last quarter, including Bank of Montreal Can.  View Insider Buying and Selling for Vanda Pharmaceuticals.



How do I buy Vanda Pharmaceuticals stock? 

Shares of Vanda Pharmaceuticals can be purchased through any online brokerage account. Popular online brokerages include Vanguard Brokerage Services, TD Ameritrade, E*TRADE, Scottrade, Fidelity and Charles Schwab. 



What is Vanda Pharmaceuticals' stock price today?

One share of Vanda Pharmaceuticals stock can currently be purchased for approximately $16.40.


MarketBeat Community Rating for Vanda Pharmaceuticals (NASDAQ VNDA)Community Ranking:  3.9 out of 5 (  )Outperform Votes:  227 (Vote Outperform)Underperform Votes:  62 (Vote Underperform)Total Votes:  289MarketBeat's community ratings are surveys of what our community members think about Vanda Pharmaceuticals and other stocks. Vote "Outperform" if you believe the stock will outperform the S&P 500 over the long term. Vote "Underperform" if you believe the stock will underperform the S&P 500 over the long term. You may vote once every thirty days.


Analyst Ratings
Consensus Ratings for Vanda Pharmaceuticals (NASDAQ:VNDA) (How are Consensus Ratings Calculated?) MarketBeat calculates consensus ratings using the most recent rating from each brokerage that has rated a stock within the last twelve months. Since brokers often use different ratings systems, each rating is normalized to a standardized rating score of 1 (sell), 2 (hold), 3 (buy) or 4 (strong buy). Consensus ratings scores are calculated using the mean average of the number of normalized sell, hold, buy and strong buy ratings. Each stock's consensus rating is derived from its calculated consensus ratings score (0-1.5 = Sell, 1.5-2.5 = Hold, 2.5-3.5 = Buy, >3.5 = Strong Buy). MarketBeat's consensus price targets are a mean average of the most recent available price targets set by each analyst that has set a price target for the stock in the last twelve months.MarketBeat will no longer include ratings and price target data in its consensus calculation if a broker drops coverage and MarketBeat has received a report that coverage was dropped. Ratings from certain research firms that issue ratings using purely quantitative methods (such as Zacks, Vetr and ValuEngine) are not included in consensus calculations. MarketBeat's consensus ratings and consensus price targets may differ from those calculated by other firms due to differences in methodology and available data.Ratings Breakdown: 8 Buy RatingsConsensus Rating:Buy (Score: 3.00)Consensus Price Target: $21.75 (32.62% upside)

Analysts' Ratings History for Vanda Pharmaceuticals (NASDAQ:VNDA)

Show:  
Only the Most Recent Rating From Each Brokerage
All Ratings For This Stock


DateFirmActionRatingPrice TargetImpact on Share PriceDetails6/27/2017Piper Jaffray CompaniesReiterated RatingOverweight -> Overweight$23.00Low5/26/2017HC WainwrightInitiated CoverageBuy -> Buy$18.00Low5/25/2017Jefferies Group LLCReiterated RatingBuy$21.00Medium4/12/2017CIBCReiterated RatingOutperform -> Outperform$21.00Low4/12/2017Oppenheimer Holdings Inc.Initiated CoverageOutperform$21.00Low11/9/2016AegisInitiated CoverageBuy$24.00N/A10/10/2016Brean CapitalSet Price TargetBuy$24.00N/A8/26/2016JMP SecuritiesBoost Price TargetMarket Outperform$18.00 -> $22.00N/A3/14/2016Canaccord GenuityReiterated RatingBuy$18.00N/A(Data available from 7/21/2015 forward)


Earnings
Earnings History for Vanda Pharmaceuticals (NASDAQ:VNDA)Earnings History by Quarter for Vanda Pharmaceuticals (NASDAQ VNDA)DateQuarterConsensus EstimateActual EPSRevenue EstimateActual RevenueRelease LinkConference CallDetails8/2/2017($0.28)N/A5/2/2017Q1 2017($0.13)($0.17)$38.35 million$37.42 millionViewListen2/15/2017Q416($0.06)($0.01)$39.38 million$38.24 millionViewListen11/2/2016Q316($0.14)($0.01)$38.05 million$38.48 millionViewListen7/27/2016Q216($0.23)($0.11)$36.03 million$36.02 millionViewListen5/4/2016Q116($0.24)($0.17)$32.48 million$33.30 millionViewListen2/10/2016Q415($0.26)($0.23)$31.34 million$31.85 millionViewListen11/3/2015Q315($0.20)($0.11)$28.58 million$28.34 millionViewListen7/29/2015Q2($0.32)($0.01)$24.55 million$27.60 millionViewListen5/6/2015Q1($0.25)($0.24)$20.18 million$22.20 millionViewListen2/19/2015Q4$0.56($0.36)$35.57 million$15.40 millionViewListen10/27/2014Q314($0.39)($0.04)$12.20 million$14.80 millionViewListen8/7/2014Q2($0.70)($0.64)$10.00 million$10.80 millionViewListen5/8/2014Q1($0.29)($0.79)$8.50 million$9.10 millionViewListen2/13/2014Q413($0.20)($0.23)$8.50 million$8.80 millionViewListen11/7/2013Q313($0.30)($0.43)$8.45 million$8.70 millionViewListen7/31/2013Q2 2013($0.22)($0.26)$8.43 million$8.30 millionViewListen5/9/2013Q1 2013($0.25)($0.15)$8.42 million$8.10 millionViewListen2/12/2013Q4 2012($0.22)($0.23)$8.60 million$7.90 millionViewListen11/7/2012Q312($0.22)($0.19)$8.40 million$8.28 millionViewN/A8/2/2012($0.27)($0.28)ViewN/A5/8/2012($0.16)($0.28)ViewN/A2/14/2012($0.19)($0.20)ViewN/A11/4/2011($0.12)($0.11)ViewN/A8/4/2011($0.07)($0.05)ViewN/A2/10/2011($0.02)$0.08ViewN/A(Data available from 1/1/2011 forward)


Estimates
Earnings Estimates for Vanda Pharmaceuticals (NASDAQ:VNDA)2017 EPS Consensus Estimate: ($0.66)QuarterNumber of EstimatesLow EstimateHigh EstimateAverage EstimateQ1 20172($0.18)($0.15)($0.17)Q2 20172($0.27)($0.20)($0.24)Q3 20172($0.19)($0.14)($0.17)Q4 20172($0.14)($0.05)($0.10)(Data provided by Zacks Investment Research)


Dividends
Dividend History for Vanda Pharmaceuticals (NASDAQ:VNDA)No dividend announcements for this company have been tracked by MarketBeat.com


Insider Trades
Insider Trading and Institutional Ownership History for Vanda Pharmaceuticals (NASDAQ:VNDA)Insider Ownership Percentage: 7.60%Institutional Ownership Percentage: 92.51%Insider Trades by Quarter for Vanda Pharmaceuticals (NASDAQ:VNDA)Transaction DateInsider NameTitleBuy/SellNumber of SharesAverage Share PriceTotal TransactionDetails1/3/2017Richard L GulinoSVPSell10,900$15.51$169,059.00  9/23/2016James E FlynnInsiderSell1,120,461$16.56$18,554,834.16  9/19/2016James E FlynnInsiderSell547,886$15.66$8,579,894.76  1/4/2016James Patrick KellyCFOSell9,564$8.96$85,693.44  1/4/2016Mihael Hristos PolymeropoulosCEOSell21,353$8.96$191,322.88  1/4/2016Paolo BaroldiSVPSell12,380$8.96$110,924.80  12/11/2015James E FlynnInsiderBuy1,201,364$8.38$10,067,430.32  9/10/2015Mihael Hristos PolymeropoulosCEOSell131,739$12.68$1,670,450.52  5/22/2015Mihael Hristos PolymeropoulosCEOSell186,395$10.36$1,931,052.20  3/9/2015Richard W DuganDirectorSell4,804$10.69$51,354.76  12/23/2014James E FlynnInsiderBuy162,014$14.40$2,333,001.60  3/14/2014Thomas WatkinsDirectorSell35,000$17.66$618,100.00  11/21/2013Robert RepellaSVPSell107,500$12.03$1,293,225.00  (Data available from 1/1/2013 forward)


Headlines
Headline Trends for Vanda Pharmaceuticals (NASDAQ:VNDA)


Latest Headlines for Vanda Pharmaceuticals (NASDAQ:VNDA)


Source:


All Sources
Trusted Sources
MarketBeat.com
Bloomberg
MarketWatch
Motley Fool
NASDAQ
Reuters
Seeking Alpha
The Street
The Wall Street Journal
Yahoo Finance




DateHeadlineVanda Pharmaceuticals Inc. (VNDA) Given Average Rating of "Buy" by Analystswww.americanbankingnews.com - July 21 at 10:56 AMVanda Pharmaceuticals (VNDA) Announces Negative Opinion from EMA on Fanaptum for Treatment of Schizophrenia - StreetInsider.comwww.streetinsider.com - July 21 at 8:28 AMVanda Pharmaceuticals to Announce Second Quarter 2017 Financial Results on August 2, 2017 - PR Newswire (press release)www.prnewswire.com - July 19 at 4:09 PMVanda Pharmaceuticals Inc. (NASDAQ:VNDA) Rating Lowered to Strong Sell at Zacks Investment Researchwww.americanbankingnews.com - July 18 at 12:14 PMVanda Pharmaceuticals to Announce Second Quarter 2017 Financial Results on August 2, 2017finance.yahoo.com - July 17 at 10:47 AMQ2 2017 EPS Estimates for Vanda Pharmaceuticals Inc. (VNDA) Lowered by Analystwww.americanbankingnews.com - July 17 at 7:06 AMThe Zacks Analyst Blog Highlights: Merck, Celgene, Gilead Sciences, Seattle Genetics and Vanda Pharmaceuticalsfinance.yahoo.com - July 14 at 4:59 PM$40.37 Million in Sales Expected for Vanda Pharmaceuticals Inc. (VNDA) This Quarterwww.americanbankingnews.com - July 5 at 11:47 AMZacks: Analysts Anticipate Vanda Pharmaceuticals Inc. (VNDA) to Announce -$0.23 EPSwww.americanbankingnews.com - July 3 at 10:14 AMVanda Pharmaceuticals Inc. (VNDA) Coverage Initiated at Piper Jaffray Companieswww.americanbankingnews.com - June 27 at 9:14 AMVanda Pharmaceuticals Inc. (VNDA) Given Consensus Rating of "Buy" by Brokerageswww.americanbankingnews.com - June 26 at 10:15 AMVanda Pharmaceuticals (VNDA) Presents At JMP Securities Life Sciences Conference 2017 - Slideshowseekingalpha.com - June 22 at 7:37 PMVanda: Several Catalysts Coming Up - Seeking Alphaseekingalpha.com - June 22 at 2:35 PMVanda Pharmaceuticals, Inc. breached its 50 day moving average in a Bullish Manner : VNDA-US : June 21, 2017finance.yahoo.com - June 22 at 2:35 PMVanda Pharmaceuticals (VNDA) Worth a Look: Stock Jumps 8%finance.yahoo.com - June 22 at 2:35 PMVanda Pharmaceuticals Inc. (VNDA) Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment Researchwww.americanbankingnews.com - June 14 at 2:18 PMVanda Pharmaceuticals (VNDA) Presents At Jefferies 2017 Global Healthcare Conference - Slideshowseekingalpha.com - June 9 at 2:03 AMVanda Pharmaceuticals Inc. (VNDA) Rating Lowered to Sell at Zacks Investment Researchwww.americanbankingnews.com - June 7 at 8:42 AMVanda Pharmaceuticals Announces Participation at June 2017 Investor Conferences - PR Newswire (press release)www.prnewswire.com - June 7 at 8:17 AM-$0.23 EPS Expected for Vanda Pharmaceuticals Inc. (VNDA) This Quarterwww.americanbankingnews.com - June 7 at 8:04 AMVanda Pharmaceuticals Announces Participation at June 2017 Investor Conferencesfinance.yahoo.com - June 6 at 1:50 AMResearch Reports Initiation on Biotech Stocks -- Corcept ... - PR Newswire (press release)www.prnewswire.com - May 30 at 3:26 PMVanda Pharmaceuticals Inc. (VNDA) Given Consensus Recommendation of "Buy" by Analystswww.americanbankingnews.com - May 30 at 11:04 AMVanda Pharmaceuticals' (VNDA) "Buy" Rating Reaffirmed at Jefferies Group LLCwww.americanbankingnews.com - May 27 at 10:56 AMVanda Pharmaceuticals Inc. (VNDA) Coverage Initiated at HC Wainwrightwww.americanbankingnews.com - May 26 at 12:58 PMVanda Pharmaceuticals, Inc. breached its 50 day moving average in a Bearish Manner : VNDA-US : May 22, 2017finance.yahoo.com - May 22 at 7:36 PMVanda Pharmaceuticals Inc. (VNDA) Upgraded by TheStreet to C-www.americanbankingnews.com - May 17 at 2:50 PM$40.3 Million in Sales Expected for Vanda Pharmaceuticals Inc. (VNDA) This Quarterwww.americanbankingnews.com - May 13 at 9:00 AMVanda Pharmaceuticals Inc. (VNDA) Expected to Post Earnings of -$0.20 Per Sharewww.americanbankingnews.com - May 11 at 10:44 AMVanda Pharmaceuticals, Inc. breached its 50 day moving average in a Bearish Manner : VNDA-US : May 9, 2017finance.yahoo.com - May 9 at 9:44 AMAnalysts Set Vanda Pharmaceuticals Inc. (VNDA) Price Target at $21.71www.americanbankingnews.com - May 8 at 11:33 PMVanda Pharmaceuticals expands into cystic fibrosis, blood cancer - Washington Business Journalwww.bizjournals.com - May 6 at 3:30 PMETFs with exposure to Vanda Pharmaceuticals, Inc. : May 5, 2017finance.yahoo.com - May 6 at 1:17 AMVanda Pharmaceuticals Inc. (VNDA) Given Average Rating of "Buy" by Brokerageswww.americanbankingnews.com - May 5 at 11:52 AMAnalysts Set Expectations for Vanda Pharmaceuticals Inc.'s Q2 2017 Earnings (VNDA)www.americanbankingnews.com - May 5 at 7:37 AMResearch Analysts Set Expectations for Vanda Pharmaceuticals Inc.'s Q2 2017 Earnings (VNDA)www.americanbankingnews.com - May 5 at 7:37 AMVanda Pharmaceuticals, Inc. :VNDA-US: Earnings Analysis: Q1, 2017 By the Numbers : May 4, 2017finance.yahoo.com - May 5 at 3:23 AMVanda Pharmaceuticals expands into cystic fibrosis, blood cancerfinance.yahoo.com - May 5 at 3:23 AMFY2020 EPS Estimates for Vanda Pharmaceuticals Inc. (VNDA) Lowered by Analystwww.americanbankingnews.com - May 4 at 8:04 PMFY2020 Earnings Forecast for Vanda Pharmaceuticals Inc. (VNDA) Issued By Jefferies Groupwww.americanbankingnews.com - May 4 at 8:04 PMSomewhat Positive Press Coverage Somewhat Likely to Affect Vanda Pharmaceuticals (VNDA) Stock Pricewww.americanbankingnews.com - May 4 at 4:46 PMVanda Pharmaceuticals Inc. (VNDA) Releases  Earnings Results, Misses Estimates By $0.04 EPSwww.americanbankingnews.com - May 3 at 4:58 PMVanda Pharmaceuticals' (VNDA) CEO Mihael Polymeropoulos on Q1 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcriptseekingalpha.com - May 3 at 9:53 AMEdited Transcript of VNDA earnings conference call or presentation 2-May-17 8:30pm GMTfinance.yahoo.com - May 3 at 9:53 AMInvestor Network: Vanda Pharmaceuticals Inc. to Host Earnings Callfinance.yahoo.com - May 2 at 6:37 PMVanda Pharmaceuticals Reports First Quarter 2017 Financial Resultsfinance.yahoo.com - May 2 at 6:37 PMVanda reports 1Q lossmarketbeat.com - May 2 at 6:13 PMVanda Pharmaceuticals to Present at the Deutsche Bank 42nd Annual Health Care Conference - PR Newswire (press release)www.prnewswire.com - May 2 at 8:26 AMVanda Pharmaceuticals to Present at the Deutsche Bank 42nd Annual Health Care Conferencefinance.yahoo.com - May 1 at 7:38 PMVanda Pharmaceuticals (VNDA) Earning Somewhat Positive News Coverage, Analysis Showswww.americanbankingnews.com - May 1 at 7:10 PM


Social





Chart
Vanda Pharmaceuticals (VNDA) Chart for Friday, July, 21, 2017




This page was last updated on 7/21/2017 by MarketBeat.com Staff















































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft









 







Find a Financial Advisor | UBS United States









































Find a Financial Advisor









View FINRA BrokerCheck information
				




























  

 







Funds & prices | UBS Australia







































Funds & prices





























  

 







Contact us | UBS Australia









































Contact us









link


General enquiries





Freecall within Australia Tel: 1800 023 043
Overseas callers Tel: +61-2-9324-3222







    Send us a message
				








Direct investors





Freecall within Australia Tel: 1800 023 043  Overseas callers Tel: +61-2-9324-3222







    Send us a message
				








Wholesale investors





Freecall within Australia Tel: 1800 023 043
Overseas callers Tel: +61-2-9324-3222







    Send us a message
				




    Download our National Contact List
				





    Subscribe to complimentary newsletter
				








Institutional investors





Freecall within Australia Tel: 1800 023 043 
Overseas callers Tel: +61-2-9324-3222 







    Send us a message
				





























Quick links







    News
				




    UBS AM Privacy Policy
				




    Facts and figures
				





    Follow UBS Asset Management on LinkedIn
				
































  

 







ETFs | UBS Australia









































UBS IQ Exchange Traded Funds
















                        Make your cash work harder
            

                            Make your cash work harder
            


UBS IQ Cash ETF








Find out more


















                        Intelligent research based ETFs
            

                            Intelligent research based ETFs
            











Find out more


















                        Global investments without tobacco
            

                            Global investments without tobacco
            


Simple solutions for investors seeking to exclude tobacco from their investment portfolio








Find out more


















                        Searching for low cost access to local and global markets? 
            

                            Searching for low cost access to local and global markets? 
            


Diversify your portfolio with UBS IQ ETFs








Read more



















Australian Cash ETF




    Australia Cash (MONY)
				












Australian Share ETFs




    Australia Quality (ETF)
				




    Australia Dividend Yield (DIV)
				




    Australia (UBA)
				












Global Share ETFs




    World ex Australia (UBW) 
				




    Europe (UBE)
				




    USA (UBU)
				




    Japan (UBJ)
				




    Asia ex Japan (UBP) 
				

















Subscribe to our newsletter

























  

 







Market insights | UBS Australia







































Market insights












Current Market Views



Watch and read the latest insights from our investment teams on the markets and the implications for our portfolios.






    Watch the webcasts
				




    View the Market views
				










Australian intelligence



View the latest contributions from our investment teams on the Australian investment landscape






    View the latest contributions
				










Global intelligence



A collection of Economists Insights, Current Perspectives, White Papers and Investment Outlook from UBS






    Read the latest edition
				
































Quick links







    News
				




    UBS AM Privacy Policy
				




    Facts and figures
				





    Follow UBS Asset Management on LinkedIn
				
































  

